Neil Gorsuch|To some lawyers, all facts are created equal.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|You have the right to work, but never to the fruit of work. You should never engage in action for the sake of reward, nor should you long for inaction. Perform work in this world, Arjuna, as a man established within himself - without selfish attachments, and alike in success and defeat.
Christine Zolendz, Saving Grace|...I want first of all - in fact, as an end to these other desires - to be at peace with myself. I want a singleness of eye, a purity of intention, a central cor to my life that will enable me to carry out these obligations and activities as well as I can. I want, in fact - to borrow from the language of the saints -to live 'in grace' as much of the time as possible. I am not using this term in a strictly theological sense. By grace I mean an inner harmony, essentially spiritual, which can be translated into outward harmony...
Ben Willoughby, Gods on the Mountain|Life is so transient, finite, and fragile that there is no time to hate anyone.
Alice Hoffman, Faithful|Life was beautiful, everyone knew that, but it was also bitter and bleak and unfair as hell and where did that leave a person? On the outs with the rest of the world. Someone who sat alone in the cafeteria, reading, escaping from his hometown simply by turning the page.
Rush Limbaugh|Manhattan's probably one of the bluest parts in the country, and Indiana's definitely one of the redder states. I have sympathy for both sides.
Alanea Alder, My Commander|She needs tampons. Evidently it helps with this process. We have to secure the location of where they are being sold, acquire them and then get them back to my mate posthaste.
Dada Bhagwan|Every spoken word carries great risk. Therefore, it is better to remain silent if one does not know how to talk. Talking about religion carries religious risks, talking about worldly matters, carries worldly risks. The worldly risk will go away, but religious risk is very heavy; it creates grave obstacles in regards to religion.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|If you've passion- the desire to succeed at all cost, there won't be any lack or limitation that could stop you. Passion wipes out excuses.
John Paul II|The Gospel lives in conversation with culture, and if the Church holds back from the culture, the Gospel itself falls silent. Therefore, we must be fearless in crossing the threshold of the communication and information revolution now taking place.
Ane Krstevska|Stop wasting your time over what you can’t control, make the most of what you can control and miracles are bound to happen.
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|In the end, what we fear will not go away, for it indicates what we must go through in order to awaken, become more genuine, and live more fully. The problem is that we tend to be most afraid of what our own souls require of us. Often our deepest fear is that we might become who we are intended to be, who we already are at our core. For becoming who we truly are requires the greatest amount of change.
Kareena Kapoor Khan|I've always wanted to be an actress, ever since I was a little girl. I've always played the mom and I play my sister as the daughter. I wanted to be an actress on television and movies instead of just around the house.
Gosho Aoyama, Meitantei Konan|When humans were young, they were pushed around in strollers. When they were old, they were pushed around in wheelchairs. In between, they were just pushed around.
Rachel Walden|Winners aren't those who lose the least, but rather those who learn the most from their losses on their way to victory.
Hal Zina Bennett, Spirit Circle|A memoir, at its heart, is written in order to figure out who you are.
Severo Ochoa|What my father gave me more than anything else is great tutoring and a great brain, frankly. You know, my father's brother was a top person at MIT, went to MIT, graduated from MIT, was a teacher at MIT, a professor at MIT, a great engineer. I mean, you know, I have very good genes.
Cormac McCarthy, Suttree|In my father's last letter he said that the world is run by those willing to take the responsibility for the running of it. If it is life that you feel you are missing I can tell you where to find it. In the law courts, in business, in government. There is nothing occurring in the streets. Nothing but a dumbshow composed of the helpless and the impotent.
William Hurt|When I turned 25, something changed in me. I see children in my future 100%. Soon. I started thinking I want my kids to look back and say, 'Wasn't Mummy amazing?' I've really started thinking about what I'm leaving for them.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|A mere four giant meatpacking companies (Tyson subsidiary IBP, Cargill subsidiary Excel, Swift & Company, and National) now slaughter and market four of every five beef cattle born in this country
Ethan Hawke|We now live in a world where the only thing to have is success, but failure is marvelous. It's fertiliser, it's like living fertiliser, because you're forced on yourself.
Maxwell Maltz|I grew up in Sierra Leone, in a small village where as a boy my imagination was sparked by the oral tradition of storytelling. At a very young age I learned the importance of telling stories - I saw that stories are the most potent way of seeing anything we encounter in our lives, and how we can deal with living.
Mercy Cortez|What if I say no?""I keep asking till the only option is yes. I always win, Ms. Payne.
Miles Anthony Smith, Becoming Generation Flux: Why Traditional Career Planning is Dead: How to be Agile, Adapt to Ambiguity, and Develop Resilience|If you have no job, help is needed.
DaShanne Stokes|We owe our loyalty to each other and to our children's children, not to party politics.
Robin    Black|Before, I could only guess oh who I was. Now, thanks to my art, I know who I am.
|No other version, no matter how perfect it is, would ever feel better than being your true self.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|The little respect paid to chastity in the male world is, I am persuaded, the grand source of many of the physical and moral evils that torment mankind, as well as of the vices and follies that degrade and destroy women; yet, at school, boys infallibly lose that decent bashfulness, which might have ripened into modesty at home.
Erich Fromm, The Revolution of Hope: Toward a Humanized Technology|What holds true for the individual holds true for a society. It is never static; if it does not grow, it decays; if it does not transcend the status quo for the better, it changes for the worse. Often we, the individual or the people who make up a society, have the illusion we could stand still and not alter the given situation in the one or the other direction. This is one of the most dangerous illusions. The moment we stand still, we begin to decay.
Zoltan Istvan, The Transhumanist Wager|From our first day alive on this planet, they began teaching society everything it knows and experiences. It was all brainwashing bullshit. Their trio of holy catechisms is: faith is more important than reason; inputs are more important than outcomes; hope is more important than reality. It was designed to choke your independent thinking and acting—to bring out the lowest common denominator in people—so that vast amounts of the general public would literally buy into sponsorship and preservation of their hegemonic nation. Their greatest achievement was the creation of the two-party political system; it gave only the illusion of choice, but never offered any change; it promised freedom, but only delivered more limits. In the end, you got stuck with two leading loser parties and not just one. It completed their trap of underhanded domination, and it worked masterfully. Look anywhere you go. America is a nation of submissive, dumbed-down, codependent, faith-minded zombies obsessed with celebrity gossip, buying unnecessary goods, and socializing without purpose on their electronic gadgets. The crazy thing is that people don't even know it; they still think they're free. Everywhere, people have been made into silent accomplices in the government's twisted control game. In the end, there is no way out for anyone.
B.F. Skinner, Science and Human Behavior|Severe punishment unquestionably has an immediate effect in reducing a tendency to act in a given way. This result is no doubt responsible for its widespread use. We 'instinctively' attack anyone whose behavior displeases us - perhaps not in physical assault, but with criticism, disapproval, blame, or ridicule. Whether or not there is an inherited tendency to do this, the immediate effect of the practice is reinforcing enough to explain its currency. In the long run, however, punishment does not actually eliminate behavior from a repertoire, and its temporary achievement is obtained at tremendous cost in reducing the over-all efficiency and happiness of the group. (p. 190)
Luc Ferry, A Brief History of Thought: A Philosophical Guide to Living|Countries which have a different base, for example, a Christian one (or at least one with the memory of a Christian foundation) may indeed act most inconsistently and horribly. But when a state with a materialistic base acts arbitrarily and gives no dignity to man, internally or externally, it is being consistent to its basic presuppositions and principles.
Terry Tempest Williams|Never had he thought, never once, that such a woman existed, one who stood so close to God that God's own voice poured from her. How far she must have gone inside herself to call up that voice. It was as if the voice came from the center part of the earth and by the sheer effort and diligence of her will she had pulled it up through the dirt and rock and through the floorboards of the house, up into her feet, where it pulled through her, reaching, lifting, warmed by her, and then out of the white lily of her throat and straight to God in heaven. It was a miracle and he wept for the gift of bearing witness.
Amy E. Reichert, The Coincidence of Coconut Cake|Lou hoisted up her gown and winced as she tottered across the parking lot. The sparkly four-inch heels had looked so pretty in the box, but they felt like a mortar and pestle grinding each bone in her foot. She missed her green Crocs.Lou plucked at the tight elastic, squeezing her under the sleek black dress her fiancé, Devlin, had given her. He walked five steps ahead of her, so she scurried to catch up."Overstuffed truffle and foie gras sausage," Lou said.Devlin's face crinkled in confusion. "What?""It's a new dish, inspired by how I feel in these clothes. Maybe served over brown butter dumplings..." Lou tilted her head, visualizing the newly formed meal.
Kenneth Goldsmith|Imagine a weary sailor coming home to port in the midst of a brutal storm. Along the horizon he sees the burning lights of dozens of lighthouses. And yet he knows from experience that some are so old they've receded miles inland as the shore has grown. Others are simply fakes, put out by sadists and rivals. To be a citizen in these strange times is to perpetually find oneself in that poor sailor's perilous state. We know that danger lurks in the darkness, but we don't know if we have the means to avoid it.
Jane Austen, Love and Friendship|I tossed my shoulders and swaggered away, whistling with pleasure. In the gutter I saw a long cigaret butt. I picked it up without shame, lit it as I stood with one foot in the gutter, puffed it and exhaled toward the stars. I was an American, and goddamn proud of it.
Richard Lischer, Open Secrets: A Memoir of Faith and Discovery|I listened impatiently to the wisdom of the O'Neills for about twenty minutes until I could take no more (by this time Steve and Susan had me thumbing through the paperback). I slid the book across the desk at them and said, 'This is so much shit.'That was a mistake because the word 'shit' on the lips of a pastor deeply offended their moral sensibilities. Such was the state of things among us. They took grave exception to the word SHIT, while I was expected to remain noddingly neutral toward their adultery. WELL, SHIT, I thought. Without apologizing, I tried to convince them I was merely 'upset' by the prospects of their separation. Gradually, I achieved the clinical tone that they so admired in the O'Neills and evidently expected in their country parson.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Of course you can have a true Shadowhunter name," Will said. "You can have mine."Tessa stared at him, all black and white against the black-and-white snow and stone. "Your name?"Will took a step toward her, till they stood face-to-face. Then he reached to take her hand and slid off her glove, which he put into his pocket. He held her bare hand in his, his fingers curved around hers. His hand was warm and callused, and his touch made her shiver. His eyes were steady and blue; they were everything that Will was: true and tender, sharp and witty, loving and kind. "Marry me," he said. "Marry me, Tess. Marry me and be called Tessa Herondale. Or be Tessa Gray, or be whatever you wish to call yourself, but marry me and stay with me and never leave me, for I cannot bear another day of my life to go by that does not have you in it.
Anna Zaires, Hold Me|In your life, you have only one friend. who full filly yours all dream and He/She everything do for you and stay with you always and one bigger think is he/she all do for yours smile without any selfiness
Andy Reid|The PC is successful because we're all benefiting from the competition with each other. If Twitter comes along, our games benefit. If Nvidia makes better graphics technology, all the games are going to shine. If we come out with a better game, people are going to buy more PCs.
Lesley Nicol|Howard Dean has been successful because he was clear in his opposition to the war. People appreciate a politician with the courage to say, I oppose this war.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Rainy, gloomy, drab, sunless day.  There are times when hope seems entirely clouded over, when looking for the blessings in your circumstances feels like trying to catch a ray of sunshine from six feet under.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Wishes of one's old life wither and shrivel like old leaves if they are not replaced with new wishes when the world changes. And the world always changes. Wishes get slimy, and their colors fade, and soon they are just mud, like all the rest of the mud, and not wishes at all, but regrets. The trouble is, not everyone can tell when they ought to launder their wishes. Even when one finds oneself in Fairyland and not at home at all, it is not always so easy to remember to catch the world in it's changing and change with it.
Carrie Snow|We must ensure that technology is accessible, affordable, and adds value.
Dianne Sylvan, Queen of Shadows|She was famous, and she was insane.Her voice soared out over the audience, holding them spellbound and enraptured, delivering their hopes and fears tangled in chords and rhythm. They called her an angel, her voice a gift.She was famous, and she was a liar.
E.F. Benson, Monster Mix|As much as he cared for Kaitlin, he knew that the clan’s survival was much more important that his own heart. Without her, he would be heartbroken all over again. He would lose her just as he had lost Angela with no hope of ever seeing her again, but he could run the clan with a broken heart. He would be a stronger, more feared leader without her, but he was sure that if Kaitlin had known his reasoning, she would have understood. She was the only one to understand him.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Many business people end up being relationship rich, and referral poor.
Richard E. Grant|He that cannot forgive others, breaks the bridge over which he himself must pass if he would ever reach heaven; for everyone has need to be forgiven.
Mensah Oteh|Never start the day until you already have it designed, finished and documented.
J. Lynn, Unchained|What?" she asked."You're beautiful."She rolled her eyes. "Flattery will get you laid.""I sure hope so.
Ilya Ilf|[Walmart]s largest innovation consists in getting rid of the central Fordist principle of paying the workers enough so that they can afford to buy what they manufacture. Instead, WalMart has pioneered the inverse principle: paying the workers so little that they cannot afford to shop anywhere other than at WalMart. It might even be said, not too hyperbolically, that WalMart has singlehandedly preserved the American economy from total collapse, in that their lowered prices are the only thing that has allowed millions of the “working poor” to retain the status of consumers at all, rather than falling into the “black hole” of total immiseration. WalMart is part and parcel of how the “new economy” has largely been founded upon transferring wealth from the less wealthy to the already-extremely-rich. 
Bruce Crown, How Dim the Promised Land|I'd known since I was a child that I was going to live in New York eventually, and that everything in between would just be an intermission. I'd spent all those years imagining what New York was going to be like. I thought it was going to be the most exciting, magical, fraught-with-possibility place that you could ever live; a place where if you really wanted something you might be able to get it; a place where I'd be surrounded by people I was dying to know; a place where I might be able to become the only thing worth being, a journalist. And I'd turned out to be right.
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|Lasik surgery has evolved. Remarkably, it has merged with cataract surgery to give birth to a new procedure called Prelex.
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|We were there, together, and in the next room I could hear that monitor beeping. Keeping track of another heart’s beat and giving enduring, solid proof of our own.
Luke Edison, Valcarion: Sacrifices|It is good to be willing to stand as a hero, but you must also be willing to fall as a hero
J. Gresham Machen|The sage of Nazareth may satisfy those who have never faced the problem of evil in their own lives; but to talk about an ideal to those who are under the thralldom of sin is a cruel mockery. Yet if Jesus was merely a man like the rest of men, then an ideal is all that we have in Him. Far more is needed by a sinful world. It is small comfort to be told that there was goodness in the world, when what we need is goodness triumphant over sin. But goodness triumphant over sin involves an entrance of the creative power of God, and that creative power of God is manifested by the miracles. Without the miracles, the New Testament might be easier to believe. But the thing that would be believed would be entirely different from that which presents itself to us now. Without the miracles we should have a teacher; with the miracles we have a Savior.
NisiOisiN|Nudity and explicit sex are far more easily available now than are clear images of death. The quasi-violence of movies and television dwells on the lively acts of killing – flying kicks, roaring weapons, crashing cars, flaming explosions. These are the moral equivalents of old-time cinematic sex. The fictional spurting of gun muzzles after flirtation and seduction but stop a titillating instant short of actual copulation. The results of such aggressive vivacity remain a mystery. The corpse itself, riddled and gaping, swelling or dismembered, the action of heat and bacteria, of mummification or decay are the most illicit pornography.
Sami Abouzid|You Keep Looking at what you want but you can’t have it , and once you have it it will never be the same.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|Life only gives opportunities, not offers
Danielle Keopke|When you find yourself drowning in self-hate, you have to remind yourself that you weren’t born feeling this way. That at some point in your journey, some person or experience sent you the message that there was something wrong with who you are, and you internalized those messages and took them on as your truth. But that hate isn’t yours to carry, and those judgments aren’t about you. And in the same way that you learned to think badly of yourself, you can learn to think new, self-loving and accepting thoughts. You can learn to challenge those beliefs, take away their power, and reclaim your own. It won’t be easy, and it won’t happen over night. But it is possible. And it starts when you decide that there has to be more to life than this pain you feel. It starts when you decide that you deserve to discover it.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|The mind of man is capable of anything--because everything is in it, all the past as well as all the future. What was there after all? Joy, fear, sorrow, devotion, valor, rage--who can tell?--buttruth--truth stripped of its cloak of time.
A. Zavarelli, Echo|His heart is the rhythm, mine is the echo.
Teresa Lo|For that short space of time, she forgot she was sad and a little afraid. She let herself forget that after tonight, she might never see him again and that if she did, whatever it was between them would no longer exist.When he deepened the kiss and his weight pressed her against the ground, she forgot everything, losing herself in a wave of sensation that carried no threat, inspired no fear, and belonged to no one but her.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|God alert!" Blackjack yelled. "It's the wine dude!Mr. D sighed in exasperation. "The next person, or horse, who calls me the 'wine dude' will end up in a bottle of Merlot!
Suzanne Wright, Feral Sins|I don’t need words, I just need you to come back.” - Taryn
Larry Page|The genius of a good leader is to leave behind him a situation which common sense, without the grace of genius, can deal with successfully.
Marsha Hinds|People hate to see their vices depicted, but vice is terrible and it should be depicted.
Michael Specter|I have struggled for decades now with the fear of and resistance to change - mostly in the realms of technology, transportation, and the ways people choose to communicate. If I had a theme song, it would be that lovely song 'I'm Old-Fashioned,' as sung by Ella Fitzgerald.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|Financial crashes happen precisely because the people who remember the last one have either died or retired and thus are no longer around, with memories and character formed by that previous experience, to warn people not to be irresponsible.
William Shakespeare|...that's the way to tell a true story from a made-up one. A made-up story always has a neat and tidy end. But true stories don't end, at least until their heroes and heroines die, and not then really because the things they did and didn't do, sometimes live on.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Men and women tried each other on, casually, like suits, rejecting whatever did not fit.
R. Buckminster Fuller|If a guy is intimidated by a woman in leadership, he has real problems with his own concepts of masculinity. That's a harsh statement, but I believe it to be true.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|the worst thing," he told me,"is bitterness, people end up sobitter.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Integrity is more than truth and honesty; integrity is an unshackled mind, a happy heart, and a light spirit. Integrity is inner peace with a clear, clean conscience. Integrity is self-respect, honor, and credibility. Integrity is healthy and unfettering, and it is worth defending.
J.C. Nelson, Free Agent|Grimm always used rabbits, on account of a grudge he had with the Easter Bunny. I’d had a pet rabbit when I was little, and the first time I saw an augury I think I managed to throw up and faint at the same time. After that, Grimm had it done without me. Not that it mattered. After six years in this business, I’d gut Thumper himself for an ounce of Glitter.
J. Limbu, Anemone: The Windflower|I would dream of a place, a place to shelter all my madness.
Ben Affleck|As much as I would love to do roles in big movies and am keen to establish myself in the industry. I don't want to sacrifice things that I really enjoy, like spending time with my family and friends.
Haile Selassie I|We must become bigger than we have been: more courageous, greater in spirit, larger in outlook. We must become members of a new race, overcoming petty prejudice, owing our ultimate allegiance not to nations but to our fellow men within the human community.
Kellie Elmore|This town of churches and dreams; this town I thought I would lose myself in, with its backward ways and winding roads leading to nowhere; but, I found myself instead. -Magic in the Backyard (excerpt from American Honey)
Miles Watson, Cage Life|We’ve got DNA tests; we can convict someone by his saliva. Hell, if the killer had farted in that house the forensic team would probably have some gadget that could pick it up. How can the crime scenes be so clean?
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|You can't imagine what it's like to be torn between darkness and light- to be a traitor no matter what move you make. If my grandmother and Marissa died tonight, it would be because I had stayed in the darkness too long, flirting with the idea of being Cedric's consigliere. If that happened, I could never live with myself- but if Cedric gave me the bite as he planned, I would be forced to live with it forever. That was the worst hell I could imagine.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|They taught me in the Army to make plans based upon the other guy's capabilities, and not based upon his stated intentions. And an employer is capable of firing you at any time.
Elisabeth Elliot, These Strange Ashes|Christ is sufficient. We do not need "support groups" for each and every separate tribulation. The most widely divergent sorrows may all be taken to the foot of the same old rugged cross and find there cleansing, peace, and joy.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Can't you see? Every step I have taken, since I was that child on the bridge, has been to bring myself closer to you. 
Matshona Dhliwayo|A smile is worth dozens of words, but a kiss is worth a thousand.
Michael Greger|If what is communicated is false, it can hardly be called communication.
Steven Magee|If you don't pay the price for success, you'll pay the price for failure.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|I live in a world without magic or miracles. A place where there are no clairvoyants of shapeshifters, no angels or superhuman boys to save you. A place where people die and music disintegrates and things suck. I am pressed so hard against the earth by the weight of reality that some days I wonder how I am still able to lift my feet and walk.
Cassie Graham, Unable to Resist|It's a lost and lonely kind of feeling,To wake up wearing a disguise.I lie in bed staring at the ceiling, I don't know who I am There's little that I canFully recognize....But I'm taking small steps,'Cause I don't know where I'm going.I'm taking small stepsAnd I don't know what to say.Small steps, Trying to pull myself together, And maybe I'll discover A clue along the way....Just to make it through the day and not to get hurt,Seems about the best that I can hope.Like coffee stains splattered on your sweatshirt There isn't any pattern. Everything's uncertain.It's difficult to cope....But I'm taking small steps,'Cause I don't know where I'm going.I'm taking small steps,And I've forgotten how to play.Small steps, Trying to pull myself together, And maybe I'll discover,A clue along the way....And if someday my small steps bring me near you,Please don't rush to tell me all you feel.You don't have to speak for me to hear you. If I softly sigh, Look me in the eyeAnd let me know I'm real....Then we'll take small steps,'Cause we won't know where we're going.We'll take small steps,And we'll have too much to say.Small steps, Hand in hand we'll walk together, And maybe we'll discover A clue along the way....Small steps,'Cause I don't know where I'm goin'.Small steps,I just take it day to day.Small steps, Somehow get myself together, Then maybe I'll discoverWho I am on the way....
Hideo Kojima|Adidas is just right. They've been, like, a partner I couldn't be more thankful for. I really feel like they've helped increase my popularity. You know? It's tight to be able to attach to their brand and be able to add whatever I can offer to their brand. It's nice to know that they appreciate it. They are always showing love.
Bill Buford, Heat: An Amateur's Adventures as Kitchen Slave, Line Cook, Pasta-Maker, and Apprentice to a Dante-Quoting Butcher in Tuscany|In normal life, "simplicity" is synonymous with "easy to do," but when a chef uses the word, it means "takes a lifetime to learn.
Margaret Atwood, Alias Grace|In terms of technological progress,the public is slower than focus group.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|He lifted a glass. Ragnor and Catarina did not join him, but Magnus was happy to make the toast on his own. "To adventure," he said, and drank.
Zsa Zsa Gabor|I've always thought of, of a relationship with an actor to an audience as a marriage, you know. And a story, you know. And there are ups and downs, and you work through them, and you work with them.
Gugu Mona|When you imitate others in real life, you deny the world benefits of your uniqueness. So be who you were born to be!.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Cada vez que un libro cambia de manos, cada vez que alguien desliza la mirada por sus páginas, su espíritu crece y se hace fuerte. (Sempere)
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|There is a great difference between successfulness and fruitfulness. Success comes from strength, control, and respectability. A successful person has the energy to create something, to keep control over its development, and to make it available in large quantities. Success brings many rewards and often fame. Fruits, however, come from weakness and vulnerability. And fruits are unique. A child is the fruit conceived in vulnerability, community is the fruit born through shared brokenness, and intimacy is the fruit that grows through touching one another's wounds. Let's remind one another that what brings us true joy is not successfulness but fruitfulness.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Innovation journey is like taking a hiking trip at the trail very few or even no people ever went before, it takes courage and emotional maturity.
Kahlil Gibran, The Broken Wings|The appearance of things changes according to the emotions; and thus we see magic and beauty in them, while the magic and beauty are really in ourselves.
Narendra Modi|We are not overpopulated in an absolute sense; we've got the technology for 10 billion, probably 15 billion people, to live on this planet and live good lives. What we haven't done is developed our technology.
Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan|Wealth is not money. Wealth lies in men. This is where true power lies, the power we value. This is what has convinced us to direct all our resources to building the individual, and to using the wealth which God has provided us in the service of the nation.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|They do not expect that the free right to vote, to enjoy civic rights, and to be educated, will come in a moment; they do not expect to see the bias and prejudices of years disappear at the blast of a trumpet; but they are absolutely certain that the way for a people to gain their reasonable rights is not by voluntarily throwing them away and insisting that they do not want them; that the way for a people to gain respect is not by continually belittling and ridiculing themselves; that, on the contrary, Negroes must insist continually, in season and out of season, that voting is necessary to modern manhood, that color discrimination is barbarism, and that black boys need education as well as white boys.
Delphine de Vigan, No and Me|Work on a good piece of writing proceeds on three levels: a musical one, where it is composed; an architectural one, where it is constructed; and finally, a textile one, where it is woven.
James D. Sass, Essays in Satanism|Place yourself... You are either a.) part of the problem; b.) part of the solution, or c.) part of the landscape.
W. Bruce Cameron, A Dog's Purpose|My purpose, my whole life, had been to love him and be with him, to make him happy. I didn’t want to cause any unhappiness now—in that way, I decided it was probably better than he wasn’t here to see this, though I missed him so much at that moment the ache of it was as bad as the strange pains in my belly.
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|The roaring of lions, the howling of wolves, the raging of the stormy sea, and the destructive sword, are portions of eternity, too great for the eye of man.
Roshan Sharma|Every time you find your attention captured by a poster, your awareness, and perhaps something more, has, if only for a moment, been appropriated without your consent.
Tibor Fischer, Good To Be God|Stay cool, and wait for opportunity.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|We are immortal beings, Thristan. You cannot hate me throughout all eternity.
Nevil Shute, Round the Bend|How stupid lovers can be! But if they were not, there would be no story.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Darkness well ahead is better than darkness close by, because you can find a way to avoid the former! Search the horizons to see the storms ahead.
Lina Wertmuller|While the notion that torture works has been glorified in television shows and movies, the simple truth is this: torture has never been an effective interrogation method.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|The huntsman took pity on her and said, "Run away into the woods, child, and never come back.
Debasish Mridha|You will get what you want, but you have to expect it with your open heart.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|Why do you always rescue me?" — "Every Cinderella needs a fairy godmother. But sometimes your fairy godmother needs you right back.
Shanice Williams|I love kimonos because you can just throw them on over anything. Ever since I got my first kimono from Lane Bryant in high school and thought, 'This is amazing; I can wear it with everything!'
Max von Sydow|Mr. Bergman had a great imagination and saw the possibilities within every one of his actors, and he gave us great challenges. It was very inspiring.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to heal your heart surround yourself with people that won't tell you hating other people is how you get over being hurt. Surround yourself with people that will tell you to be more like Christ and reach out to those you don't understand or are offended by. Bitter insecure and anxious people will tell you everything you need to hear to help you move on, but very little of it will be the true teachings of Christ.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|For the vile human pigs in life; the sloppy, disheveled, uncaring dregs, the ungrateful, and especially for the vicious, negative emotional peasants — there will only continue to be the hard and painful lessons you so desperately need. The invisible hand will hold you in your wretched place until your last breath — unless you evolve. If you are cruel and ignorant the invisible fist will pound you into oblivion until you submit, humble yourself and soften your hard heart.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. (Hebrew 11:1 KJV)
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|Elder mocked me for praying once, and i spent an hour berating him for that. He ended up throwing up his hands, laughing, and telling me i could believe whatever i wanted if i was going to hold onto my beliefs so hard.
Chase Brooks|Tyler and me at the edge of the roof, the gun in my mouth, I'm wondering how clean this gun is.
Jennifer Hudson Taylor, Highland Sanctuary|There is no lifeguard on duty. We each swim at our own risk during this short journey." ~ Lisa Fantino/Amalfi Blue
Angie karan|I make a point to appreciate all the little things in my life. I go out and smell the air after a good, hard rain. I re-read passages from my favorite books. I hold the little treasures that somebody special gave me. These small actions help remind me that there are so many great, glorious pieces of good in the world.
Susan Catalano, The Timeless Ones|...The discrepancy is that the ethical self should be found immanently in the despair, that the individual won himself by persisting in the despair. True, he has used something within the category of freedom, choosing himself, which seem to remove the difficulty, one that presumably has not struck many, since philosophically doubting everything and then finding the true beginning goes one, two, three. But that does not help. In despairing, I use myself to despair, and therefore I can indeed despair of everything by myself. But if I do this, I cannot come back by myself. It is in this moment of decision that the individual needs divine assistance, whereas it is quite correct that in order to be at this point one must first have understood the existence-relation between the aesthetic and the ethical; that is to say, by being there in passion and inwardness, one surely becomes aware of the religious - and of the leap.
William L. Rowe, God and the Problem of Evil|1) There exist instances of intense suffering which an omnipotent, omniscient being could have prevented without thereby losing some greater good or permitting some evil equally bad or worse.2) An omniscient, wholly good being would prevent the occurrence of any intense suffering it could, unless it could not do so without thereby losing some greater good or permitting some evil equally bad or worse.3) (Therefore) There does not exist an omnipotent, omniscient, wholly good being.
Fritz Zwicky|Miss Taylor says kids that are colored can't go to my school cause they're not smart enough." I come round the counter then. Lift her chin up and smooth back her funny-looking hair. "You think I'm dumb?" "No," she whispers hard, like she means it so much. She look sorry she said it. "What that tell you about Miss Taylor, then?" She blink, like she listening good. "Means Miss Taylor ain't right all the time," I say. She hug me around my neck, say, "You're righter than Miss Taylor." I tear up then. My cup is spilling over. Those is new words to me.
Kristen Ashley, Lady Luck|For over 10 years I worked in the dating, sex and relationship fields, so combining everything I learned into my first fictional adventure romance was a blast and a true labor of love. After all the years I spent advising people on how to date, marry and have great sex, it was exciting to tell a very modern story of a woman in her late 30s working to get the wrong guy out of her life, just as Mr. Right comes along.
David W. Earle|Too many codeine pills,Too many nights of cold chillsToo many weak-handed dealsToo many lives, the addict steals
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|I brought Sammy inside and put him to bed. Said his prayer with him. “‘Now I lay me down to sleep…’” To me, just random noise. Gibberish. I wasn’t sure exactly what it was, but I felt that, when it came to God, there was a broken promise in there somewhere.
Ernest Hemingway, In Our Time|In the early morning on the lake sitting in the stern of the boat with his father rowing, he felt quite sure that he would never die.
Karl Dönitz|Within the church, it is possible for believers to possess a profound unity based on a shared commitment to Biblical truth, an intimate knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, and a deep level of spiritual maturity. Paul also adds "sound doctrine" and "growing in Christlikeness" as additional benefits that result from the saints being properly equipped to build up the body of Christ."(Comments on Ephesians 4 vs 11-13)
Leo Strauss|Virtues are acquired through endeavor, which rests wholly upon yourself.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|Instead, though, as he drew nearer, his mind kept drifting back to Gansey's voice in the cave the day before. The tremulous note in it. The fear - a fear so profound that Gansey could not bring himself to climb out of the pit, though there was nothing physically preventing him. He had not known that Richard Gansey III had it in him to be a coward.Adam remembered crouching on the kitchen floor of his parents' double-wide, telling himself to take Gansey's oft-repeated advice to leave. "Just put what you need in the car, Adam."But he had stayed. Hung in the pit of his father's anger. A coward, too.Adam felt like he needed to reconfigure every conversation he'd ever had with Gansey in light of this new knowledge.
Chris Brown|Trust the young people; trust this generation's innovation. They're making things, changing innovation every day. And all the consumers are the same: they want new things, they want cheap things, they want good things, they want unique things. If we can create these kind of things for consumers, they will come.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He really was beautiful. I know boys aren’t supposed to be, but he was.
Trisha Yearwood|I was doing a tour of the 'Batman' live stage production, and I challenged the cast to join me to run. One time, we were running in Switzerland just before Christmas, and it was heavy snow. Another time, we were running down the Seine in Paris on Christmas Day, and we all had Santa hats on.
Ned Hayes, Sinful Folk|She gently bit his bottom lip, his ear. Worked her way down his body until she reached the inside of his thigh, then bit hard, breaking the skin, drawing blood. "My mark," she said, looking up at him. "Now you'll go back to your wife with my mark.
Robert J. Braathe|Inside the music like this, she understood many things. She understood that Simon was a disappointed man if he needed, at this age, to tell her he had pitied her for years. She understood that as he drove his car back down the coast toward Boston, toward his wife with whom he had raised three children, that something in him would be satisfied to have witnessed her the way he had tonight, and she understood that this form of comfort was true for many people, as it made Malcolm feel better to call Walter Dalton a pathetic fairy, but it was thin milk, this form of nourishment; it could not change that you had wanted to be a concert pianist and ended up a real estate lawyer, that you had married a woman and stayed married to her for thirty years, when she did not ever find you lovely in bed.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust ghosts. Trust those that you have helped to help you in their turn. Trust dreams. Trust your heart, and trust your story. (from 'Instructions')
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|Exercise, prayer, and meditation are examples of calming rituals. They have been shown to induce a happier mood and provide a positive pathway through life's daily frustrations.
Jack Dancer, Detour Allure|If you're single and not committed, then go for it. The world's your oyster. But, if you're happily married and want to remain happily married, then the only oyster should be the one sliding down your throat from your spouse.
Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance|If we have plain old ordinary fear then we are within reach of a solution. Fear has been with humankind for millennia and we do know what to do about it--pray about it, talk about it, feel the fear, and do it anyway. "Artistic" fear, on the other hand, sounds somehow nastier and more virulent, like it just might not yield to ordinary solutions--and yet it does, the moment we become humble enough to try ordinary solutions.
Laura Kreitzer|Death. It was something I had to think about once. Weird, right? Strange that death was ever an inevitable end, but it wasn’t anymore. Not really. I eluded it. Tricked it. It was an odd concept—the world aged, moved forward, yet I . . . didn’t.
Jeffrey Eugenides|But this is all chasing after the wind. The essence of the suicides consisted not of sadness or mystery but simple selfishness. The girls took into their own hands decisions better left to God. They became too powerful to live among us, too self-concerned, too visionary, too blind. What lingered after them was not life, which always overcomes natural death, but the most trivial list of mundane facts: a clock ticking on a wall, a room dim at noon, and the outrageousness of a human being thinking only of herself.
Michael J. Fox|Science cannot progress without reliable and accurate measurement of what it is you are trying to study. The key is measurement, simple as that.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Beware of fame; for when they come for you, they come not to give, but for to gain.Whoever is needed, wields the most power.Whoever is needy, seeks to wield that power.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|You hung around the tattered edges of my soul, that's where you preferred to be...
Mario Quintana|A rua dos cataventosDa vez primeira em que me assassinaram,Perdi um jeito de sorrir que eu tinha.Depois, a cada vez que me mataram,Foram levando qualquer coisa minha.Hoje, dos meu cadáveres eu souO mais desnudo, o que não tem mais nada.Arde um toco de Vela amarelada,Como único bem que me ficou.Vinde! Corvos, chacais, ladrões de estrada!Pois dessa mão avaramente aduncaNão haverão de arracar a luz sagrada!Aves da noite! Asas do horror! Voejai!Que a luz trêmula e triste como um ai,A luz de um morto não se apaga nunca!
Debasish Mridha|Kindness is an attribute of strength, it has boldness in it and the power of love.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|It was his power, his gift, suddenly to shed all superfluities, to shrink and diminish so that he looked barer and felt sparer, even physically, yet lost none of his intensity of mind, and so to stand on his little ledge facing the dark of human ignorance, how we know nothing and the sea eats away the ground we stand on - that was his fate, his gift. But having thrown away, when he dismounted, all gestures and fripperies, all trophies of nuts and roses, and shrunk so that not only fame but even his own name was forgotten by him, he kept even in that desolation a vigilance which spared no phantom and luxuriated in no vision, and it was in this guise that he inspired in William Bankes (intermittently) and in Charles Tansley (obsequiously) and in his wife now, when she looked up and saw him standing at the edge of the lawn, profoundly, reverence, and pity, and gratitude too, as a stake driven into the bed of a channel upon which the gulls perch and the waves beat inspires in merry boat-loads a feeling of gratitude for the duty it is taking upon itself of marking the channel out there in the floods alone.
Austin Kleon, Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered|I have a couple of favorite relatives, but because they're so far away I tend to ignore them-even though they have mailboxes, email addresses and telephone numbers. Today, I'll get back in touch.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I was supposed to be waiting up here when you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way...”“Yes, they do that,” said Dumbledore.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Great men don't strive for greatness, theysimply do great works.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|Jesus is the same yesterday, today and forever and He doesn't need a makeover!
Debasish Mridha|By giving, you get, if you don't give, don't expect.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Time that withers you will wither me. We will fall like ripe fruit and roll down the grass together. Dear friend, let me lie beside you watching the clouds until the earth covers us and we are gone.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Kiss of Shadows|Aww, did we masturbate through the tears last night?
Susan Sontag, Under the Sign of Saturn: Essays|Dissimulation, secretiveness, appear a necessity to the melancholic. He has complex, often veiled relations with others. These feelings of superiority, of inadequacy, of baffled feeling, of not being able to get what one wants, or even name it properly (or consistently) to oneself — these can be, it is felt they ought to be, masked by friendliness, or the most scrupulous manipulation.
Sarah Dessen|As I rolled over, stretching out, my only thought was to go back to the dream I'd been having, which I couldn't remember, other than that it had been good, in that distant, hopeful way unreal things can be.
Galileo Galilei, Discoveries and Opinions of Galileo|Names and attributes must be accommodated to the essence of things, and not the essence to the names, since things come first and names afterwards.
Faith Tigere|Socialism is "group-think." How uninformed in history do you have to be to advocate for "group-think"??
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Acts of Kindness:A random act of kindness, no matter how small, can make a tremendous impact on someone else's life.
Elana K. Arnold, What Girls Are Made Of|It's not new, our valuation of young female people for how they can serve, satisfy, and satiate. Our girls are both the platter and the meal, and we eat them up--we eat their meat, we lap up their sweetness, we covet and control and consume.
Rocio Sanchez|And she saw beauty even in the tiny sparkles of dust suspended in the air, high above.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|When I go out by the gateway, taking the road I drove along that first time I picked up Lotte for the ball, how very different it all is! It is all over, all of it! There is not a hint of the world that once was, not one bulse-beat of those past emotions. I feel like a ghost returning to the burnt-out ruins of the castle he built in his prime as a prince, which he adorned with magnificent splendours and then, on his deathbed, but full of hope, left to his beloved son
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you do not chase success, you will be overtaken by failure.
S.S. Van Dine, The Greene Murder Case|But society is ignorant and venomous, devoid of any trace of insight or understanding. It exalts knavery, and worships stupidity. It crucifies the intelligent, and puts the diseased in dungeons.
Thomas Paine|The Iraq war was always a long shot. But it was made immeasurably longer by its principal architects in Washington, including Douglas Feith, who ignored expert advice, reserved most of their effort for fighting each other in ideological battles, and regarded the Iraqi people as an afterthought.
Eddie  Capparucci|When trapped in a constant state of negative over-stimulation, anxiety becomes the norm in our lives. From the book: Removing Your Shame Label
Robin Gibb|Once in a while, I still witness occasionally sexist behavior and comments from men (which experience has taught me you should always deflect with humour rather than anger). Old habits die hard, after all, and it's unrealistic to expect dinosaurs to fall silent overnight.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|I knew I was being an idiot. But I figured if I kept being an idiot, if I didn't actually accept the truth, then the truth would become false.
Nadine Brandes, A Time to Die|You shouldn’t be placing hope in our lives, Parvin. That’s my point. I don’t know the answers of the future, but your confidence and hope need to be in God.
Clarence Darrow|I smile broadly, feeling as warm and full as the sun.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|The first thing that went through Mahgen's mind was how cold she'd become with the loss of Kathel, how insane it was that things could go from tender and warm, to cold and indifferent, in the matter of seconds. That was what it felt like when you loved completely yet allowed things to get in the way of forever."-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Michael Moore|The important thing to note is that it is not important whether Malala was shot or not - Malala is not asking for personal favors or support. She is asking for support with girls' education and women's rights. So don't support Malala, support her campaign for girls' education and women's rights.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Reflection is a blessing and reflection happens not only when one sees himself on a mirror or on the windowpane or on a puddle, but it also happens when someone criticises you! In every true critique made on you, you will see yourself and you will obtain a good chance to make corrections on yourself! Reflection happens even in the books you read! Reflection is a blessing; when it happens, you discover yourself, you face yourself!
Edward O. Wilson, The Social Conquest of Earth|Species do not grow more perfect: the weaker dominate the strong again and again - the reason being they are the great majority, and they are also cleverer.... Darwin forgot the mind (- that in English): the weak possess more mind. ... To acquire mind one must need mind - one loses it when one no longer needs it. He who possesses strength divests himself of mind.
Brittany Murphy|At the end of the day, the one commonality that both Hindi cinema and Hollywood share is that they are full of talented and inspirational people. Outside of this, there are many differences, from the scheduling and rehearsal to promotion and directing techniques.
Daniel H. Wilson|I don't think I'll ever feel as famous or as popular as I felt when I was a 17-year-old soccer player in Modle. Only about 20,000 people live there and 12,000 of them come to every game. Running onto the pitch each week was just the most fantastic feeling. Nothing can beat that.
Steven Spielberg, Close Encounters of the Third Kind|She wanted to go over and hug his tears away, but she was too frightened.
Tom Brokaw|Speaking as a writer, it would be difficult to find an event in American history more dramatic and riveting than the Civil War.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan of the Apes|M'sieur, I am as a slave to my wife." He kissed the tips of his fingers. "I am as the dirt beneath her feet." He clasped his hands. "I must bestow on her all that she desires, or die!""Pray make use of my sword, " invited his Grace. "It is in the corner behind you.
Christian Bauman|Reading was a joy, a desperately needed escape -- I didn't read to learn, I was reading to read.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|Because the difference between a friend and a real friend is that you and the real friend come from the same territory, of the same place deep inside you, and that means you see the world in the same kind of way. You know each other even before you do.
Bonnie Jensen|Contrary to popular belief, going shopping is really about stopping afterward for cheesecake.
Vishal Bhojwani, SPARK|A smile opened, thin as a paper cut, in the bottom of Flowers's face.
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck, Zoological Philosophy|Our planet is not fragile at its own timescale and we, pitiful latecomers in the last microsecond of our planetary year, are stewards of nothing in the long run.
P. Harding|[B]e comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your soul means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it. And when you resent the ache in your heart, remember: You will be dead and buried soon enough.
Noam Chomsky, Gaza in Crisis: Reflections on Israel's War Against the Palestinians|I am never forget the day I first meet the great Lobachevsky.In one word he told me secret of success in mathematics:Plagiarize!Plagiarize!Let no one else's work evade your eyes!Remember why the good Lord made your eyes!So don't shade your eyes,But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize -Only be sure always to call it please 'resea
Geoff Downes|Nobody has it all, but for me to even come close is amazing.
John Lasseter|I do what I do. You like it, great. You don't, go listen to somebody else. I'm stickin' with the people who stuck with me.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|You have a surprisingly logical mind, for a human. And a female. And a witch.
Kierra C.T. Banks|You are powerful beyond measure! Sometimes we are too afraid of what we might become so we hold on to the story we sold ourselves. You were born chosen and blessed. When you move away from stress and worry, you can begin to cultivate the greatness within. You've gotten glimpses of what you can be because of the hand of God on your life. Let's move from sickness to success. Rewrite your story and you win!!!!
Kathryn Minshew|If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say it at all. And if you do have to say it, make it really funny so I can screenshot it and save it for later.
Jill Kargman|My sister really drooled a lot when she was younger. For her wedding, I was going to get her one of those lace drool cups that go around the ears.
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Vampire and the Virgin|Actually Gabriel’s an archangel,” I corrected. “But otherwise, yes.”“Well, that explains why he’s so hard to impress,” said Xavier flippantly
Raymond Williams, Resources of Hope: Culture, Democracy, Socialism|Death is inevitable. But the meaning people attach to death, its causes and aftermath, is culturally given. Without meaning, without culture making sense of things, life would be impossible.
Gertrude Stein|Everyone has a responsibility towards this larger family of man, but especially if you're privileged, that increases your responsibility.
Tamara L. Chilver|By fulfilling our divinely appointed jobs as parents, we can be God's tools that define and refine our children as they are sculpted into the individuals that He wants them to be.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Scars fade with time. And the ones that never go away, well, they build character, maturity, caution.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|I belong to a nation which for the past four years has begun to relive the course of her entire history and which is calmly and surely preparing out of the ruins to make another history…Your nation, on the other hand, has received from its sons only the love it deserved, which was blind. A nation is not justified by such love. That will be your undoing. And you who were already conquered in your greatest victories, what will you be in the approaching defeat?
Shannon L. Alder|All this. They have all this, and what do we get? Walls and tickets and concrete and stink. Rations and hopelessness and rage. I hate them,” she said, the malice in her words like the lingering taste of a bad kiss.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|We must all work in harmony with each other to stand up for what is right, to speak up for what is fair, and to always voice any corrections – so that the ignorant become informed and justice is never ignored. Every time a person allows an act of ignorance to happen (one ignorant word, thought or action), they delay our progress for TRUE CHANGE. Every person, molecule, and thing matters. We become responsible for the actions of others the instant we become conscious of what they are doing wrong.
Debasish Mridha|This universe was created for joy and happiness. You are born to be happy. Your happiness ultimately makes this universe joyful. Blooming flowers, singing birds, and smiling people fill this universe with joy.
Henry Chancellor, The Museum's Secret|Sir Henry fixed him with a keen eye.'Odd name, Tom Skatt - eh?''Thats right''You don't think we could be related?'Tom looked up at his great-great-great-uncle and smiled.'I don't think so''No,' grinned Sir Henry "no, of course not
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life works on the same principle as a boomerang. It's simple, really—what you send out you get back. A smiling face receives many smiles. Friendliness finds itself surrounded by friends. Giving hugs creates hugs. Offered help is reciprocated. In contrast, if you hurt people you will find much hurt in your life. Unkindness begets unkindness. Misery begets misery. A dour face will receive many sour looks in response. That said, it is easy to understand that if you want a happy life you must contribute to the happiness of those around you.
Jim Butcher, Vignette|Every soul is special. They’re all beautiful. They’re all far more significant than anyone on this rock realizes. I think when people are at their best, they’re acting in accordance with their soul. The ones who have gone bad don’t have bad souls. They’ve just given up on keeping in touch with them.
Craig Venter|If even in science there is no a way of judging a theory but by assessing the number, faith and vocal energy of its supporters, then this must be even more so in the social sciences: truth lies in power.
Laura Kaye, Seduced by the Vampire King|That's what underwear is for, girls, so if an emergency happens you only show your cookies to the people you love.
G.K. Chesterton|Who am I?? No, No you don't ask the questions I ask them my question is how much stupid are you??...You are so quite, why?? You don't have answer, it's not a problem you don't need to answer I kwow it!
Aaron Sanchez|But very often in politics we have the experience called up from my father when someone was trying to help him in the campaign: I can take care of my enemies, may the Good Lord save me from my friends.
Henry Ward Beecher|The experience of democracy is like the experience of life itself-always changing, infinite in its variety, sometimes turbulent and all the more valuable for having been tested by adversity.
Ena Snow|The bottom line is this; when one person stops being a part of your life, another one will come, and fill that empty space. Leave the ones who left in the past, right where they belong, and never look back.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sovereignty unconditionally belongs neither to the people of the nation nor to some supernatural power but to the human mind, to the science and to the high ethical values!
Cheryl Zelenka|Timing is a big factor in seeing our desires met, and God’s timing is perfect. Do not give up on a dream if it seems impossible or out of reach. Nothing is impossible for Yahweh! However, because man has the gift of free will and continually chooses rebellion and sin over submission, the heavenly Father may need time to align events and transform hearts. It takes time to mold self-willed lumps of clay into vessels of honor and gratitude.
George "GM64" Mercado|All too often, we are pleasing the enemy MORE than we are pleasing God by living defeated. Jesus did not die for us to walk around defeated. You have the POWER to turn any situation around that you want to.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Sketchy black van? Weird stalking of my house? What are you going to do next, offer me some candy?
Erica Jong|When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking.
Harlan Coben, Deal Breaker|A dancer on break approached him. She smiled. Each tooth was angled in a different direction, as if her mouth were the masterwork of a mad orthodontist. "Hi," she said. "Hi." "You're really cute." "I don't have any money."She spun and walked away. Ah, romance.
Simon Sinek|The thing about being autistic is that you gradually get less and less autistic, because you keep learning, you keep learning how to behave. It's like being in a play; I'm always in a play.
Kamand Kojouri|Our daily prayer ought to be: Please universe, help me help myself and help me show others how to help themselves.
William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist|And there lies the heart of it, perhaps: in unworthiness. For I think belief in God is not a matter of reason at all; I think it finally is a matter of love: of accepting the possibility that God could ever love us.
Steven Magee|When discharging industrial gas into the indoor environment in high altitude astronomy, we never wore breathing respirators that fed us oxygenated air at above the legally required 19.5% oxygen levels.
Derric Yuh Ndim|I don’t understand why people are always putting us down, instead of encouraging us to become great. Because, when you do become great, you will give me a world that I would not have any other way. We all havesomething to give one another.
Adam Dodek, The Canadian Constitution|We are equal, we re all Humans, we are all related in some way. It doesn't matter what colour our skins is, our race, beliefs, gender, age, we are all equal. I say now is the right time to unite, if we do not unite soon something bads gonna happen
David  Brooks|Republics exist as long as the people "adhere to principles and virtue.
M.F. Moonzajer|Love EgoistSumire: At first, I was simply fighting the image others forced on me. It's true that it's kind of fun to curse people behind their backs, but... I know it's not nice and it makes me feel depressed afterward.
Brian Fatah Steele, Further Than Fate: five tales of post-mythic darkness|As I shivered and brooded on the casting of that brain-blasting shadow, I knew that I had at last pried out one of earth's supreme horors-one of those nameless blights of outer voids whose faint demon scratchings we sometimes hear on the farthest rim of space, yet from which our own finite vision has given us a merciful immunity.
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|What was the difference between love and the agony of waiting? Like love, the agony of waiting began in the muscles somewhere around the upper belly but soon spread out to the chest, the thighs, and the forehead, to invade the entire body with numbing force.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Although I wasn't there to bear witness, I imagine Lot's wife scanned the masses for her children. Perhaps she sought out the curves of their mouths and the shapes of their faces, trying to memorize her children, grown now. She looked back as I and any strong, loving mother would have done.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|Grief is like a drunken house guest, always coming back for one more goodbye hug.
Ransom Riggs|Is anything illegal here?' Addison asked.'Library late fines are stiff. Ten lashes a day, and that's just for paperbacks.'There's a library?''Two. Though one won't lend because all the books are bound in human skin and quite valuable.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|The Bible depicts a world that, seen through modern eyes, is staggering in its savagery. People enslave, rape, and murder members of their immediate families. Warlords slaughter civilians indiscriminately, including the children. Women are bought, sold, and plundered like sex toys. And Yahweh tortures and massacres people by the hundreds of thousands for trivial disobedience or for no reason at all. These atrocities are neither isolated nor obscure. They implicate all the major characters of the Old Testament, the ones that Sunday-school children draw with crayons. And they fall into a continuous plotline that stretches for millennia, from Adam and Eve through Noah, the patriarchs, Moses, Joshua, the judges, Saul, David, Solomon, and beyond.
Roland Puccetti|Man cannot be content in his riches even if he has the whole world, there must be a frivolous extra desire.
Else Holmelund Minarik, Little Bear|Once your baby arrives, the world is no more the same than you are. Because from our very bodies we add to the collective human destiny. Our deepest urge is always toward life, to wholeness and well being.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Shadows|In order to know your enemy, you must become your enemy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love thy soul, manifest thy light
Ed Asner|Someday, I plan to buy a house in Goa, do only one movie a year, and spend the rest of time painting, learning how to cook, cooking for friends, and doing yoga.
Gabriel García Márquez|She nailed it to the wall with her well-aimed dart, like a butterfly with no will whose sentence has always been written.
Teresa Medeiros, Charming the Prince|Stand and yield," she called out, her voice far steadier than her hands. "For I cannot allow you to pass." Bannor's crooked grin was somehow more intimidating than a snarl. 'Twould have been far easier to despise him if he'd been cursed with horns and a tail instead of twinkling blue eyes and a dimple in his jaw. "What would you have me yield, my lady? My sword or my heart?"-willow&bannor-
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|She's been conned, ruined, left for dead, and she's not going to forgive any of it. She will soldier on, if only out of spite.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...a bard's down-to-earth love: My mistress' eyes are nothing like the sun; Coral is far more red and when she walks, treads on the ground...
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|Isn't it true that a well-read book seems more alive to you, Ms Rainn?
Shanaé Jordan|Living without meaning is not Life, it is Death. It is like being in the graveyard except that you still have breath.-RVM
John Zea|SUICIDE...Is to have the freedom to choose; when, where and how to die.― John Zea
M.F. Moonzajer|I am a religious by the heart, but an atheist by the mind.
David Lovelace, Scattershot: My Bipolar Family|Compared to bipolar's magic, reality seems a raw deal. It's not just the boredom that makes recovery so difficult, it's the slow dawning pain that comes with sanity - the realization of illnesss, the humiliating scenes, the blown money and friendships and confidence. Depression seems almost inevitable. The pendulum swings back from transcendence in shards, a bloody, dangerous mess. Crazy high is better than crazy low. So we gamble, dump the pills, and stick it to the control freaks and doctors. They don't understand, we say. They just don't get it. They'll never be artists.
GG Allin|I grew up in a house full of women: my mother, grandmother, three sisters, and two female cats. And I still have the buzz of their conversations in my head. As an adult, I have more female friends than male ones: I just love the way that women talk.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|God, after He spoke long ago to the fathers in the prophets in many portions and in many ways, in these last days has spoken to us in His Son.
Criss Jami|If beauty is relative, then any and everything when compared to the beauty of God is absolutely hideous.
Anthony Liccione|If I simply do my best, I cannot complain even if I am taken to hell.
Cornell Woolrich, Vampire's Honeymoon|Relax, it only hurts a little,” she murmured in Edwin’s ear as she stroked his head and shoulders from behind. “What you feel later more than makes up for it.”“But will I…will I have to drink blood after I am…initiated?”“Don’t worry, Edwin. I promise it will be many years before either you or Ophelia will need to seek your sustenance in such a manner.” Hamlet kissed his cheek. “Are you ready?”Edwin nodded. Closing his eyes, he turned his head slightly to give Hamlet easier access. He felt a momentary pinch and then…Ecstasy! Overwhelming warmth flooded his veins as colors exploded in his mind and a feeling of euphoria lifted him from the bed to the skies. He was flying free from the confines of his body. He soared above the clouds…heading into the stars.“Wonderful, isn’t it?” Ophelia giggled and clapped her hands. “I wish I could experience it more often, but Hamlet says it’s even better once you’re on the receiving end.”He opened his eyes slowly. Still light-headed, Edwin observed the gaze of mutual pleasure in Hamlet’s dark eyes. His sensual lips glistened with tint of red. Instead of horror or aversion, Edwin felt complete peace and contentment.“Thank you.” Without hesitation Edwin pulled Hamlet's lips to his and kissed him.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|We don't need to be constantly reasonable in order to have good relationships; all we need to have mastered is the occasional capacity to acknowledge with good grace that we may, in one or two areas, be somewhat insane.
Bill Bigelow, A People's Curriculum for the Earth: Teaching Climate Change and the Environmental Crisis|Wolsey and Henry VIII, it has to be said, were not exceptional in their love of the table. The English of Tudor times had a reputation throughout Europe for gluttony. Indeed, overeating was regarded as the English vice in the same way that lust was the French one and drunkenness that of the Germans (although looking at the amount of alcohol consumed in England, I expect the English probably ran a close second to the Germans).
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|If we are to have a culture as resilient and competent in the face of necessity as it needs to be, then it must somehow involve within itself a ceremonious generosity toward the wilderness of natural force and instinct. The farm must yield a place to the forest, not as a wood lot, or even as a necessary agricultural principle but as a sacred grove - a place where the Creation is let alone, to serve as instruction, example, refuge; a place for people to go, free of work and presumption, to let themselves alone. (pg. 125, The Body and the Earth)
Pushpendra Mehta, The Suitable Inheritor|Pursue your passion, work with your intuition learn as a child and adapt as water.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|He shivered. His coat was thin, and it was obvious he would not get his kiss, which he found puzzling. The manly heroes of the penny dreadfuls and shilling novels never had these problems getting kissed.
Annie Seaton, Brushing Off the Boss|I can't afford to gamble."His breath came out in a hiss, but he tightened his grip around her."So we'll take it slow then," he said. "I won't push you beyond what you want, Sam. But fair warning: I will push you. When this happens it'll be on your terms, because you want it as much as I do." Not if, but when.
Yami Gautam|I understand only three things - films, fitness, and food.
Jay Woodman|I listen to the silenceand yearn to be more me,swimming in the sea of myself,learning eternally -finding out where the rocks areand smoothing them into sand.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Biologists will teach us that the survival of the species depends on cooperation, not competition.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With peace of being, you can overcome any pain.
Alastair Agutter|Perhaps the secret to life is to understand simplistic perfection. A phenomena that surrounds us all each day in our natural world and by appreciating such beauty and wonder, can provide us with great fulfilment and enlightenment from the knowledge of learning.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield|This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. For if I try to seize this self of which I feel sure, if I try to define and to summarize it, it is nothing but water slipping through my fingers. I can sketch one by one all the aspects it is able to assume, all thoselikewise that have been attributed to it, this up bringing, this origin, this ardor or these silences, this nobility or this vileness. But aspects cannot be added up. This very heart which is mine will forever remain indefinable to me. Between the certainty I have of my existence and the content I try to give to that assurance, the gap will never be filled. Forever I shall be a stranger to myself. In psychology as in logic, there are truths but no truth. Socrates' "Know thyself" has as much value as the "Be virtuous" of our confessionals. They reveal a nostalgia at the same time as an ignorance. They are sterile exercises on great subjects. They are legitimate only in precisely so far as they are approximate.
Brian Ruckley, Bloodheir|When a man may whisper in a close ear, and that whisper be repeated far away and many moons later, then he has power. When a many may speak against another, and that other be brought to ruin and rue by nothing more than those words, then he has power. And if a man can act without the appearance of action, and bring about great change without the appearance of desiring it, then he has power.
Sarah L. Kaufman, The Art of Grace: On Moving Well Through Life|The only thing to do with tears is water your flowers with them, so that there is something to show the world when the sun comes out.
Mattie Stepanek|The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
Kasey Collin P. Dumdum|Who knows how you should be? We simply do our best, over and over and over.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|As it happens I am comfortable with the Michael Laskis of this world, with those who live outside rather than in, those in whom the sense of dread is so acute that they turn to extreme and doomed commitments; I know something about dread myself, and appreciate the elaborate systems with which some people manage to fill the void, appreciate all the opiates of the people, whether they are as accessible as alcohol and heroin and promiscuity or as hard to come by as faith in God or History. But of course I did not mention dread to Michael Laski, whose particular opiate is History. I did suggest “depression,” did venture that it might have been “depressing” for him to see only a dozen or so faces at his last May Day demonstration, but he told me that depression was an impediment to the revolutionary process, a disease afflicting only those who do not have ideology to sustain them.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Humility is hard when someone has things like wealth, knowledge, & recognition that may tempt him/her behave and act pridefully. Otherwise, worrying about pride without these factors that predispose you, it is just an illusion.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Little is to be expected of that day, if it can be called a day, to which we are not awakened by our Genius, but by the mechanical nudgings of some servitor, are not awakened by our own newly acquired force and aspirations from within, accompanied by the undulations of celestial music, instead of factory bells, and a fragrance filling the air--to a higher life than we fell asleep from; and thus the darkness bear its fruit, and prove itself to be good, no less than the light.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|About the time I told God that He didn't exist, I was desperate for an identity.
Thomas Jefferson|He never asked me what I thought, and I never told him what I thought, because in my view that's the way a journalist ought to behave. You ought not to be going around to people volunteering your feelings. That's daily journalism.
Grace Willows, Don't Look Back: And Other Stories of the Paranormal|It waited for her. Standing resolute in the moonlight, it had stood for a hundred years. Yet it waited just for her. Shadows passed across the moon, a cool breeze ruffled the leaves around it. Yet still it waited for her. Ancient tombs glowed in shimmery moonlight, row upon row of cold silent witnesses.
James Kakalios, The Physics of Superheroes: Spectacular Second Edition|I have nothing to do with others, I am only concerned with myself. I take advantage of the fact that the majority of mankind are led by certain rewards to do things which directly or indirectly tend to my convenience.’‘It seems to me an awfully selfish way of looking at things,’ said Philip.‘But are you under the impression that men ever do anything except for selfish reasons?’‘Yes.’‘It is impossible that they should. You will find as you grow older that the first thing needful to make the world a tolerable place to live in is to recognise the inevitable selfishness of humanity. You demand unselfishness from others, which is a preposterous claim that they should sacrifice their desires to yours. Why should they? When you are reconciled to the fact that each is for himself in the world you will ask less from your fellows. They will not disappoint you, and you will look upon them more charitably. Men seek but one thing in life—their pleasure.
Colleen Houck|I could still feel the ghost of him hovering in the quiet, dark recess of my heart. It was as if he was just waiting for me to be lonely, or to let my guard down, so that he could surface and fill my mind again with thoughts of him.
Nora Ephron, I Remember Nothing|Living this long's not as wonderful as people think. I mean, you get the same amount of youth as everyone else, but a great big extra helping of being very old and deaf and creaky.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|Trauma is a unique phenomenon all on its own, as if it is an entity in and of itself.
Benjamin Franklin|If a man could have half of his wishes, he would double his troubles.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|Felipe focused on the smattering of freckles across her bare left shoulder. For the next hour, he counted each of them out of the corner of his eye--an entire universe's worth. Lost in the constellations, he barely noticed the lurch of the small plane.
Julie Jewels Smoot|I will not let triggers, flashbacks,nightmares control my emotions.I will not let those triedto destroy me win this war.I have awakened and I willfind peace with myself.
John H. Johnson|You don't know when you are immersed in a book what the reaction to it will be, but I feel great about 'The Lake of Dreams.'
Phyllis Diller|Housework won't kill you, but then again, why take the chance?
Marissa Meyer, Fairest|Run towards the roar,’ the old people used to tell the young ones. When faced with great danger and when people panic and seek a false sense of safety, run towards the roaring and go where you fear to go. For only in facing your fears can you find some safety and a way through. When the world rattles and the end seems near, go towards the roar.
Richard Dawkins, An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist|Problems arise when (especially) theologians use such metaphorical language without realizing that that is what they are doing, and without even realizing that there is a distinction between metaphor and reality – saying something like: ‘It is not important whether Jesus really fed the five thousand. What matters is what the idea of the story means to us.’ Actually it is important, because millions of devout people do believe the Bible is literally true.
Jack Nicklaus|I've wanted to design golf courses ever since I was a kid. I suppose it comes from the way I've played the game. To find the proper way to play any hole, I've always begun by asking myself what the architect has tried to do with it.
Stefan Zweig, The World of Yesterday|When all the forces in your organism come into play, then life will begin to play around you as well. You'll see what your eyes are closed to now, and you'll hear what you've never heard. The music of your nerves will begin to play, you'll hear the music of the spheres, and you'll listen to the grass grow. Just wait, there's no hurry. It will come in its own time!p. 257
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|Think about what binds you to your husband and he to you. Marvel at the strength of that bond, which is both abstract and concrete, spiritual and legal.
Rae Hachton|When you told me you loved me," Lily's eyes widened when she looked at Lux, "You saved the world.
Adam Baker, Outpost|I looked out the window and saw the street and railroad tracks, the woods beyond. Beyond the woods, the county of which they were a part. And so on, until it all dissolved into the larger thing: my mother's house becoming every other house as I once had seen it, sitting atop the southern end of a broad river valley, close enough to the the mountains that every few years a scared black bear would wander down into the remaining forest, and close enough to the ocean that those early English settlers took it as the farthest point they'd go upstream, the geology of the place preventing them from having any choice other than the one wherein they said, "We are lost; therefore we will call this home." And close enough that as a child I had been teased by older kids who said if I only tried hard enough I would smell salt water, and I, believing, stood among the light poles and the gulls in the parking lots of A&Ps and cried when I knew that it was true despite the fact that they had meant to lie, as children sometimes do.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|The next morning I told Mom I couldn't go to school again. She asked what was wrong. I told her, “The same thing that’s always wrong.” “You’re sick?” “I'm sad.” “About Dad?” “About everything.” She sat down on the bed next to me, even though I knew she was in a hurry. “What's everything?” I started counting on my fingers: “The meat and dairy products in our refrigerator, fistfights, car accidents, Larry–” “Who's Larry?” “The homeless guy in front of the Museum of Natural History who always says ‘I promise it’s for food’ after he asks for money.” She turned around and I zipped her dress while I kept counting. “How you don’t know who Larry is, even though you probably see him all the time, how Buckminster just sleeps and eats and goes to the bathroom and has no ‘raison d’etre’, the short ugly guy with no neck who takes tickets at the IMAX theater, how the sun is going to explode one day, how every birthday I always get at least one thing I already have, poor people who get fat because they eat junk food because it’s cheaper…” That was when I ran out of fingers, but my list was just getting started, and I wanted it to be long, because I knew she wouldn't leave while I was still going. “…domesticated animals, how I have a domesticated animal, nightmares, Microsoft Windows, old people who sit around all day because no one remembers to spend time with them and they’re embarrassed to ask people to spend time with them, secrets, dial phones, how Chinese waitresses smile even when there’s nothing funny or happy, and also how Chinese people own Mexican restaurants but Mexican people never own Chinese restaurants, mirrors, tape decks, my unpopularity in school, Grandma’s coupons, storage facilities, people who don’t know what the Internet is, bad handwriting, beautiful songs, how there won’t be humans in fifty years–” “Who said there won't be humans in fifty years?” I asked her, “Are you an optimist or a pessimist?” She looked at her watch and said, “I'm optimistic.” “Then I have some bed news for you, because humans are going to destroy each other as soon as it becomes easy enough to, which will be very soon.” “Why do beautiful songs make you sad?” “Because they aren't true.” “Never?” “Nothing is beautiful and true.
Havelock Ellis|To jealousy, nothing is more frightful than laughter.
Hannah Hart, Buffering: Unshared Tales of a Life Fully Loaded|There is much in this world that hurts us, but if we let pain become our master, we live our lives as slaves.
Cassandra Clare|If I feel the urge to burst into flames, I'll let you know," Simon was getting fed up. "Look, did you actually ask me to come all the way uptown just so you could stare at me like I'm something in a petrie dish? Next time I'll send you a photo.""And I'll frame it and put it on my nightstand," Jace said, but he didn't sound as if his heart was in the sarcasm. "Look, I asked you here for a reason, not to stare at you. Much as I hate to admit it, vampire, we have something in common.""Totally awesome hair?" Simon suggested
Elinor Wylie|I want to be on the screen, I want to play dress up every day, I want be different people, I want to have fun, and I want to use my imagination.
Julie Kagawa, The Lost Prince|Care to join me, Goodfellow?”“Oh, ice-boy. A moonlight stroll with you? Do you even have to ask?
Watchman Nee, Sit, Walk, Stand|But Christianity is a queer business! If at the outset we try to do anything, we get nothing; if we seek to attain something, we miss everything. For Christianity begins not with a big DO, but with a big DONE.
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|This is m-me.” I indicated the lonely track.“Really? What’s up there?” He peered over my shoulder in genuine curiosity. “Is there a house up there? You’re not a sylph or something that really does live wild, are you?
Immaculée Ilibagiza, Led by Faith: Rising from the Ashes of the Rwandan Genocide|I said the Lord's Prayer hundreds of times, hoping to forgive the killers who were murdering all around me. It was no use-every time I got to the part asking God to "forgive those who trespass against us," my mouth went dry. I couldn't say the words because I didn't truly embrace the feeling behind them. My inability to forgive caused me even greater pain than the anguish I felt in being separated from my family, and it was worse than the physical torment of being constantly hunted.
Mo Yan|There's so many things I want to do. I want to work with great filmmakers, great actors, great scripts. And there's no reason for me to do anything short of that, because I'm 24, I don't have a family, I don't need to make tons of money, and I'm not dying to get famous.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|What you call life is but a dream, and reality is relative.
Kathryn E. Livingston|Yoga isn’t just about showing up on the mat. It’s about showing up in your life, in your day; it’s about opening your heart while standing firm and strong and believing in yourself.
Sharon Ricklin, River of Time|Kyle clapped his hands together. “Goody! The Zoe dates back some 3000 years to when the Greek gods ruled.”“Who’s Zoe?” I interjected.Kyle huffed. “It’s not a who, it’s a what.
Albert Bandura, Social Learning Theory|Psychology cannot tell people how they ought to live their lives. It can however, provide them with the means for effecting personal and social change.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|We have testimony about solitude from the most creative among us. For Mozart, "When I am, as it were, completely myself, entirely alone, and of good cheer -- say, traveling in a carriage or walking after a good meal or during the night when I cannot sleep -- it is on such occasions that my ideas flow best and most abundantly." For Kafka, "You need not leave your room. Remain sitting at your table and listen. You need not even listen, simply wait, just learn to become quiet, and still, and solitary. The world will freely offer itself to you to be unmasked." For Thomas Mann, "Solitude gives birth the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous -- to poetry." For Picasso, "Without great solitude, no serious work is possible.
Ruth Park, The Harp in the South|Then she said, with piteous defiance, "If I could love her, the Good Lord could, and he won't be too hard on an old lady who didn't have an easy life.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|I have no churlish objection to the circumnavigation of the globe, for the purposes of art, of study, and benevolence, so that the man is first domesticated, or does not go abroad with the hope of finding somewhat greater than he knows. He who travels to be amused, or to get somewhat which he does not carry, travels away from himself, and grows old even in youth among old things
Stephen King, It|You are no star, Gabby. You're the sky. The rest of us are just circling your orbit.
Mary Jane Hathaway, These Sheltering Walls|He's come a long way, but he's still never accepted that he's forgiven.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Communists|I would say, if you like, that the party is like an out-moded mathematics...that is to say, the mathematics of Euclid. We need to invent a non-Euclidian mathematics with respect to political discipline.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Takes a Holiday|You’re not just different, you’re exceptional. And I think it’s time that I make you feel that way, too.
Elena Ferrante|I believe that books, once they are written, have no need of their authors. If they have something to say, they will sooner or later find readers; if not, they won’t. . . . I very much love those mysterious volumes, both ancient and modern, that have no definite author but have had and continue to have an intense life of their own. They seem to me a sort of nighttime miracle, like the gifts of the Befana, which I waited for as a child. . . . True miracles are the ones whose makers will never be known. . . .
David Foster Wallace, Consider the Lobster and Other Essays|It is absurd to hold that a man should be ashamed of an inability to defend himself with his limbs, but not ashamed of an inability to defend himself with speech and reason; for the use of rational speech is more distinctive of a human being than the use of his limbs.
Kevin Smith, Tough Shit: Life Advice from a Fat, Lazy Slob Who Did Good|Wanna see how creepy I can be?"-Mr Teatime
Will Schwalbe, The End of Your Life Book Club|Whenever you see confusion, you can be sure that something is wrong. Disorder in the world implies that something is out of place. Usually, at the heart of all disorder you will find man in rebellion against God. It began in the Garden of Eden and continues to this day.
Will Rogers|Commitment is an act, not a word.
Rein Scott, Reborn|You’re demanding fidelity, and I’ll give you that. But if I intended to be celibate, I would’ve become a priest.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|...because I went to London on my own, and because I went to solved the mystery of Who Killed Wellington? and I found my mother and I was brave and I wrote a book and that means I can do anything.
Kim John Payne, Simplicity Parenting: Using the Extraordinary Power of Less to Raise Calmer, Happier, and More Secure Kids|That is the flip side, you see, to laissez-faire parenting. It succeeds or not, throughout the animal kingdom as it does with humans, in direct relationship to the strength of the offspring. Some of us don’t need very much. Some of us need a lot.
Amanda Bretz, Love, Simplified|Some of the dairy people, who were also out of doors on the first Sunday evening after their engagement, heard her impulsive speeches, ecstasized to fragments, though they were too far off to hear the words discoursed; noted the spasmodic catch in her remarks, broken into syllables by the leapings of her heart, as she walked leaning on his arm; her contented pauses, the occassional laugh upon which her soul seemed to ride - the laugh of a woman in company with the man she loves and has won from all other women - unlike anything else in nature. They marked the buoyancy of her tread, like the skim of a bird which has not yet alighted.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|Most of us forget to take time for wonder, praise and gratitude until it is almost too late. Gratitude is a many-colored quality, reaching in all directions. It goes out for small things and for large; it is a God-ward going.
George Orwell, Books v. Cigarettes|A totalitarian society which succeeded in perpetuating itself would probably set up a schizophrenic system of thought, in which the laws of common sense held good in everyday life and in certain exact sciences, but could be disregarded by the politician, the historian, and the sociologist. Already there are countless people who would think it scandalous to falsify a scientific textbook, but would see nothing wrong in falsifying an historical fact. It is at the point where literature and politics cross that totalitarianism exerts its greatest pressure on the intellectual. The exact sciences are not, at this date, menaced to anything like the same extent. This partly accounts for the fact that in all countries it is easier for the scientists than for the writers to line up behind their respective governments.
MiaVictoria|Its better to create the Character than to be the Character , because the one behind the scenes are the ones that really get full credit
Shannon L. Alder|I shouldn't have spoken like that.''People do, sometimes. People who've had less to contend with than you. We're not always in full control of our actions.
Mary E. DeMuth, Wall Around Your Heart|To abandon all is to take our hearts, place them before the One who created them, and dare to believe He can live life powerfully through our surrendered lives.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|When you choose to act on your problems, you cease to be a victim of circumstance and become a force of change; that's when you transition to not only being a survivor, but to being a leader or hero too, and an inspiration to those still in the victim's mindset.
Keisha Keenleyside, The Demons Fib|Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|Men pretend to be “just a friend” at first, even though they want to sleep with you from day one. Otherwise they wouldn't be spending any time, money or attention on you, because these are limited resources and they need these resources to attract a mate. They can't afford to squander them. So they apply these resources to the female that looks to be their best bet to get laid. But they also know that they can't tell the woman on day one that they want to sleep with her, because she'd think it's creepy. So they play along with the illusion that it's “just a friendship” that “suddenly” developed into more, when the woman finally feels inclined to sleep with the guy “because they have a deep connection.” But that was really his goal from day one.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Like most humans, I am hungry...our three basic needs, for food and security and love, are so mixed and mingled and entwined that we cannot straightly think of one without the others. So it happens that when I write of hunger, I am really writing about love and the hunger for it...
Joel Kinnaman|My first job was in sixth grade, sweeping the clay tennis courts at the yacht club near my house, which I was not a member of. Always had to pay my own rent. But I don't really have any concept of how money works. I don't know how much things cost. Like a BMW. Or a quart of milk. It's embarrassing.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I am no poet. I do not love words for the sake of words. I love words for what they can accomplish. Similarly, I am no arithmetician. Numbers that speak only of numbers are of little interest to me.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|God is great not just because nothing is too big for Him. God is great because nothing is too small for Him, either.
Brandon Cella|No matter the situation, never let your emotions overpower your intelligence.
The Notorious B.I.G.|I know now that there are men out there who are, for me, the whole package, who are supportive of my successes because they know I will be just as supportive of theirs. I'm less tolerant of foolishness now; I know that it's important I not tie myself up with the wrong person, because then I will miss the right person coming along.
Leni Riefenstahl|Happiness must be cultivated. It is like character. It is not a thing to be safely let alone for a moment, or it will run to weeds.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|It was her smile that took me captive the day we met, and never once let me go. There was an authentic quality to her smile that made people stop and look; a basic human truth that seemed to emanate from deep within her and naturally find its way upward and out. Like the magma flow from Vesuvius, there was simply no stopping Cathy's smile. It could freeze people where they stood and hold them there, sometimes forever.That's what happened to me anyway.
E.K. Johnston, A Thousand Nights|I had tasted power and I had used it up, but now I would get more of another kind. We would share it, and keep each other from the dark.
Tracy Chevalier|We do not need such things to help us to see God,” I countered. “We have His Word, and that isenough.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|It is not what we know that scares us, it is what we do not
Lindsey O'Connor, The Long Awakening, a memoir|I always felt awkward and unfinished, unworthy of love, suspicious of affection offered. My mother's absence became a great presence in my life.
Arzum Uzun|A Very Short Poem for Poor LoversYou’ve got nothing,I’ve got nothing,And it’s not a good thing.
Karl Lagerfeld|If you stick to something doggedly, you are off to a bad start.
Samuel Pineda Jr.|Power is brilliant Beauty is madnessObsession is addictionPerfection is suicidal, I was born beyond the limits of an ordinary being. So honey make use of it I exist therefore to celebrate or to die.
W.E.B. Du Bois, Souls of Black Folk & Era of Franklin D. Roosevelt 1933-1945 & Movements of the New Left 1950-1975|I laughed but before I could agree with the hairdressers that she was crazy, she said, 'What's the world for if you can't make it up the way you want it?'" 'The way I want it?'" 'Yeah. The way you want it. Don't you want it to be something more than what it is?'" 'What'st eh point? I can't change it.'" 'That's the point. If you don't, it will change you and it'll be your fault cause you let it. I let it. And messed up my life.'" 'Mess it up how?'" 'Forgot it.'" 'Forgot?'" 'Forgot it was mine. My life. I just ran up and down the streets wishing I was somebody else.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Michael had to pound me a couple of times to convince me not to go stage a rescue." Shane shrugged. "He hits like a girl, for a vampire.
Penwell Chiloane|Perhaps one of the reasons I've avoided standing on the point toward the horizon is the second you stand up and point toward a horizon, you realize how much there is to lose.
Ripley Patton, Ghost Hold|Marcus, even in this darkness, I try to swim back to you.I swear, I do.
George Gordon Byron, Manfred|Sorrow is knowledge: they who know the most must mourn the deepest o’er the fatal truth, the Tree of Knowledge is not that of Life.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|Call me infidel, call me atheist, call me what you will, I intend so to treat my children, that they can come to my grave and truthfully say: 'He who sleeps here never gave us a moment of pain. From his lips, now dust, never came to us an unkind word.
Georgia Clark, Parched|I catch movement from the corner of my eye. A tell slender boy stands near us, just a few feet away. Adrenaline bangs through my system. I shove Abel behind me and whip my knife from where I’d hidden it in my boot. “Who the hell are you?
S.L. Stacy, Relapse|Victoria was so wrong about me. I expected them to put me first, above everyone else.I am selfish. I am weak. I am bad.And I need Jasper. I need him like I need air to breathe. No—somehow, that cliché doesn’t seem quite right. He’s more like a shot of whiskey after a hard day. A burst of heroin in my burning veins.He is my drug. My ambrosia.I can’t live without him.
Jason Merkoski, Burning the Page: The eBook Revolution and the Future of Reading|Database Management System [Origin: Data + Latin basus "low, mean, vile, menial, degrading, ounterfeit."] A complex set of interrelational data structures allowing data to be lost in many convenient sequences while retaining a complete record of the logical relations between the missing items. -- From The Devil's DP Dictionary
Marty Rubin|Normally, he liked boundaries. Boundaries were the safety net. Boundaries kept people on the right path. But right now, he felt like rules were made to be broken and consequences were miles and miles away.
Ryan Knighton, Cockeyed: A Memoir of Blindness|It takes great courage when you are suffering to see beyond your suffering to the clear relations between things, to the laws that cause and govern your suffering; it takes great courage to be ruthless with one's griefs.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Mindful Living: How to Bring Love, Compassion, and Inner Peace Into Your Daily Life|The teachings of Buddha are eternal, but even then Buddha did not proclaim them to be infallible. The religion of Buddha has the capacity to change according to times, a quality which no other religion can claim to have...Now what is the basis of Buddhism? If you study carefully, you will see that Buddhism is based on reason. There is an element of flexibility inherent in it, which is not found in any other religion.
Akshay Vasu|I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more . Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allow anyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.-Akshay Vasu
David Brock|By giving the leadership to the private sector in a capitalistic society, we're going to measure the value of art by how many products we can sell.
Jodi Picoult, Mercy|You know it's never fifty-fifty in a marriage. It's always seventy-thirty, or sixty-forty. Someone falls in love first. Someone puts someone else up on a pedestal. Someone works very hard to keep things rolling smoothly; someone else sails along for the ride.
David Bromstad|I have some NASA memorabilia from the early Apollo days that I can't imagine parting with. I've always wanted to play sort of like a space cowboy, too, like the idea of Captain Kirk. I think that's everybody's dream though, right?
Laurent Gounelle, L'homme qui voulait être heureux|Plus on évolue dans sa vie, plus on se débarrasse des croyances quinous limitent, et plus on a de choix. Et le choix, c'est la liberté.
C.J. Sansom, Revelation|I would love to believe that when I die I will live again, that some thinking, feeling, remembering part of me will continue. But much as I want to believe that, and despite the ancient and worldwide cultural traditions that assert an afterlife, I know of nothing to suggest that it is more than wishful thinking.The world is so exquisite with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is to look death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Under certain social circumstances, which may have varied from time to time and place to place, certain people (shamans) saw a relationship between the small, three-dimensional, projected mental images that they experienced at the far end of the intensified spectrum and fragments of animals that lay around their hearths.
Cheryl Cory|For the love of God, unless you’re prepping for Rigoletto at the Met, go easy on the eyeliner.
Stephen Colbert|A moment later, Vesta became aware that her life was passing her by in that busy city, where no man could capture her heart… What if she married someone, who wasn’t mentally prepared to keep his Zoroastrian identity intact? Or what if her future husband was forced to convert to Islam? What if he tried to force her to convert as well? What if he suddenly decided to become an extremist and called for Sharia Laws in Kurdland? She shivered at the thought.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Growing up, my parents managed to show me the importance of reading without cramming it down my throat. A difficult task, I'm sure. It breaks my heart to think that there are kids out there, ready to have their imaginations lit on fire, excited and wanting to read, and facing naked shelves in their school or local libraries. Rather than complain or wait till the system stops failing our nation's children this is a matter I feel we must take into our own hands. There are children, right now, waiting-wanting to read. What shall we tell them>
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|Help me O God! The pain of separation seems more painful to me than death itself. I don't know how much longer I can carry on. Help me carry on this day Lord. Help me to let go, I pray. Though I may not forget, help me to remember how you have always carried me through. Though the pain may not yet go away, assist me in carrying this cross with hope in my heart.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|The investments you make into a brand, makes its name worth it
Mehmet Murat ildan|If nobody is somebody for you, then it means you have lost your belief in people; if anybody is somebody for you, then it means you have much love for every person!
Sunday Adelaja|People who spend their lives like to go to parties and cinemas, sit at home and watch movies, TV Series, TV dramas, etc.They think this is life. But it is spending life not living life.
Frank Sinatra|The Queen is most anxious to enlist everyone in checking this mad, wicked folly of 'Women's Rights'. It is a subject which makes the Queen so furious that she cannot contain herself.
Michael Foley, The Age Of Absurdity: Why Modern Life Makes It Hard To Be Happy|CORNELIA: -Sit down. Don't leave the table.GRACE: -Is that an order?CORNELIA: -I don't give orders to you, I make requests.GRACE: -Sometimes the requests of an employer are hard to distinguish from orders. [She sits down]
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working magic." (1980)]
Confucius|Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them.
M.J. DeMarco|Your choices are made in a moment, and yet their consequences transcend a lifetime.
Rahm Emanuel|Given the fact that I have a family and responsibilities, it's the mark of a man to find the courage to do what is right in the face of oppressive evil.
Joshua Micah Marshall|Background checks, waiting periods, reports of transfers, and access to mental health records have not stopped the legal sale of firearms to legitimate buyers.
Gift Gugu Mona|Some lesson are learnt the hard way, but worthy.
William Wordsworth|Suffering is permanent, obscure and dark,And has the nature of infinity.
Holly Mosier|When I take a break, even just a brief one, the creative energy flows in. Only then do I have anything of value to share with others. Once I recognized this, I stopped feeling guilty about taking time for myself.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|If you built the box, you can also break it down.
Cloris Kylie|Don't be arrogant,Because there are a lot of people that still be better than you.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Viper|Prison is, simply put, the bottom rung of the welfare ladder.
Milton Sapirstein|Tell me how a person judges his or her self-esteem, and I will tell you how that person operates at work, in love, in sex, in parenting, in every important aspect of existence - and how high he or she is likely to rise. The reputation you have with yourself - your self-esteem - is the single most important factor for a fulfilling life.
Jane McGonigal|If you're 40 years old and you've never had a failure, you've been deprived.
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|Bishop was all done with the witty converstaion. 'Will you swear?'And Myrnin said, shockingly, 'I will.' And he proceeded to, a string of swearwords that made Claire blink. He ended with, '—frothy fool-born apple-john! Cheater of vandals and defiler of dead dogs!' and did another twirl and bow. He looked up with a red, red grin that was more like a leer. 'Is that what you meant, my lord?
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Why isn't there a commandment to "honor thy children" or at least one to "not abuse thy children"? The notion that we must honor our parents causes many people to bury their real feelings and set aside their own needs in order to have a relationship with people they would otherwise not associate with. Parents, like anyone else, need to earn respect and honor, and honoring parents who are negative and abusive is not only impossible but extremely self-abusive. Perhaps, as with anything else, honoring our parents starts with honoring ourselves. For many adult children, honoring themselves means not having anything to do with one or both of their parents.
Alphonse de Lamartine|Men being, as has been said, by nature, all free, equal and independent, no one can be put out of this estate, and subjected to the political power of another, without his own consent.
Yawatta Hosby, Plenty of Fish|Danger, the spur of all great minds.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Why are poets so apt to choose their mates, not for any similarity of poetic endowment, but for qualities which might make the happiness of the rudest handicraftsman as well as that of the ideal craftsman of the spirit? Because, probably, at his highest elevation, the poet needs no human intercourse; but he finds it dreary to descend, and be a stranger.
Anthony Liccione|The paint is drying, and time is dying. The pain is crying, lying on my back, trying to get back the time, to brushstrokes too fast, wet went dry and love went dull; now I live in a portrait I never painted.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|A truly Christian love, either to God or men, is a humble broken-hearted love. The desires of the saints, however earnest, are humble desires. Their hope is a humble hope; and their joy, even when it is unspeakable and full of glory, is a humble broken-hearted joy, and leaves the Christian more poor in spirit, and more like a little child, and more disposed to a universal lowliness of behaviour.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|She died that night. Her last breath took her soul, I saw it in my dream. I saw her soul leave her body as she exhaled, and then she had no more needs, no more reason; she was released from her body, and being released, she continued her journey elsewhere, high in the firmament where soul material gathers and plays out all the dreams and joys of which we temporal beings can barely conceive, all the things that are beyond our comprehension, but even so, are not beyond our attainment if we choose to attain them, and believe that we truly can.
Chris Kurtz, The Adventures of a South Pole Pig: A novel of snow and courage|I can't believe what a state I got myself into over this. Everyone was right. They said it would just happen, and it did. I guess the best things do.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive affirmation, positive lifestyle.
Johnny Ball|I have always felt that a woman has the right to treat the subject of her age with ambiguity until, perhaps, she passes into the realm of over ninety. Then it is better she be candid with herself and with the world.
Poppy Delevingne|We really practice music and work really hard. Sometimes we'll leave at six in the morning, and we started at three the day before.
Sunday Adelaja|For a nation to be corruption free, that culture must first be created through the proclamation and propaganda of a correspondent value system.
Jamie Campbell Bower|Virtue comes by nature, learning, and practice, and thanks to virtue, all of the aforesaid may deserve approval.
Hilary T. Smith, Wild Awake|The traffic warden looked up. "This your car?" "It is," said Skulduggery. The traffic warden nodded. "Very nice, very nice. But you can't park here, day or night." "I wasn't aware of that." "There's a sign right over there." "I didn't think it applied to me." "Why wouldn't it have applied to you?" Skulduggery tilted his head. "Because I'm special." "Don't care how special you think you are, you're parked in a no parking area and as such you're---" "We're here on official police business." The traffic warden narrowed his eyes. "You're Garda? I'm going to need to see some identification." "We're undercover," said Skulduggery. "This is a very important undercover operation which you are endangering just by talking to us." He opened his jacket. "Look, I have a gun. I am Detective Inspector Me. This is my partner, Detective Her." The traffic warden frowned. "Her?" "Me," said Stephanie. "Him?" "Not me," said Skulduggery. "Her." "Me," said Stephanie. "You?" said the traffic warden. "Yes," said Stephanie. "I"m sorry, who are you?" Stephanie looked at him. "I'm Her, he's Me. Got it? Good. You better get out of here before you blow our cover. They've got snipers.
Robin Roberts|If you need me to tell you that if you serve God, you'll get a Mercedes, you're lost.
George Eliot|What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Steve Daines|A functioning, robust democracy requires a healthy educated, participatory followership, and an educated, morally grounded leadership.
Edward Young|A place for everything, everything in its place.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Each person’s journey is different. If something—anything—does not feel right to you, then you alone get to decide whether you will honor it or not. The choice of how to respond to your situation is yours—and will always be yours.
Forrest Carr|O me, this place is hell.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|And certainly, the mistakes that we male and female mortals make when we have our own way might fairly raise some wonder that we are so fond of it.
Confucius|When you have faults, do not fear to abandon them.
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Until Justice and Peace Embrace: The Kuyper Lectures for 1981 Delivered at the Free University of Amsterdam|Since I see technology as being an extension of the human body, it's inevitable that it should come home to roost.
Mortimer Adler|To cement a new friendship, especially between foreigners or persons of a different social world, a spark with which both were secretly charged must fly from person to person, and cut across the accidents of place and time.
Upton Sinclair|All art is propaganda. It is universally and inescabably propaganda; sometimes unconsciously, but often deliberately, propaganda.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.
John Kenneth Galbraith|Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|New Englanders began the Revolution not to institute reforms and changes in the order of things, but to save the institutions and customs that already had become old and venerable with them; and were new only to a few stupid Englishmen a hundred and fifty years behind the times.
Joe Hill|It’d be a mistake,” Lee said. “I think maybe you have to make a few,” Merrin said. “If you don’t, you’re probably thinking too much. That’s the worst mistake you can make.
Erik Hassle|Of course having a baby derails the writing process for some time. And I will be the first to say that I have essentially no social life, because there's just nothing left after being a mom, professor, and writer. I used to be big into rock climbing. No more. A lot falls by the wayside.
Tracy Letts, August: Osage County|In selecting men for office, let principle be your guide. Regard not the particular sect or denomination of the candidate - look to his character.
Elizabeth Hardwick, Sleepless Nights|In those years I did not care to enjoy sex, only to have it. That is what seeing Alex again on Fifth Avenue brought back to me - a youth of fascinated, passionless copulation. There they are, figures in a discoloured blur, young men and not so young, the nice ones with automobiles, the dull ones full of suspicions and stinginess. By asking a thousand questions of many heavy souls, I did not learn much. You receive biographies interesting mainly for their coherence. So many are children who from the day of their birth are growing up to be their parents. Look at the voting records, inherited like flat feet.
F. Sionil José|Time will come that all that we love, we will eventually lose, and all that we hate we will eventually face.
Jenna Ushkowitz|I grew up with a heavy diet of gospel, folk, and blues because those are kind of the cornerstones of traditional American music.
D.S. Mixell|It is the touch of a lover's arms that I so desperately crave, not the memories of a love no longer mine.
Constantin Stanislavski|I believe in love. I believe in good stories. I play really hard on the weekends because I like to have those stories. My wife and I go off and do craziness all the time. We're just like, 'What can we go get into this weekend?' Then we have other ones where we just sit and do nothing and then we have work that we do. It's all memories.
Victoria Schwab, Warm Up|Whereas Nature does not admit of more than three dimensions ... it may justly seem very improper to talk of a solid ... drawn into a fourth, fifth, sixth, or further dimension.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|When the challenges of mortality come, and they come for all of us, it may seem hard to have faith and hard to believe. At these times only faith in the Lord Jesus Christ and His Atonement can bring us peace, hope, and understanding. Only faith that He suffered for our sakes will give us the strength to endure to the end. When we gain this faith, we experience a mighty change of heart, and like Enos, we become stronger and begin to feel a desire for the welfare of our brothers and sisters. We pray for them, that they too will be lifted and strengthened through faith on the Atonement of our Savior Jesus Christ.
Debasish Mridha|Life is not a destination to be reached, but it is a journey to be enjoyed.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|My own heroes are the dreamers, those men and women who tried to make the world a better place than when they found it, whether in small ways or great ones. Some succeeded, some failed, most had mixed results... but it is the effort that's heroic, as I see it. Win or lose, I admire those who fight the good fight.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|Even with the utterly lost, to whom life and death are equally jests, there are matters of which no jest can be made.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|What the hell does this say about India? Appearances are more important than truths. Gossip is more potent than facts. Loyalty is all one way, from the woman to the man. And when society stacks up all the odds against a woman, she’d better not count on the man’s support. She has no way out other than to end her own life. And I’m in love with an Indian. I must be crazy.
Victor Hugo, Ninety-Three|Adults havethe benefit of experience and know the trick will work as long as the technique is correct.When we “grow up” we gain this experience and knowledge, but we lose our innocence andsense of wonder. In other words, the price we pay for growing up is a permanent sense ofloss.
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|I will remember this, thought Ender, when I am defeated. To keep dignity, and give honor where it's due, so that defeat is not disgrace. And I hope I don't have to do it often.
Carl Sagan|Science is based on experiment, on a willingness to challenge old dogma, on an openness to see the universe as it really is. Accordingly, science sometimes requires courage - at the very least the courage to question the conventional wisdom.
Shaun Hick, The Army of Five Men|For man to be worthy of any rank, he must strive first to be a man.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|Great people talk about ideas, average people talk about things, and small people talk about wine.
Janette Rallison, How to Take the Ex Out of Ex-Boyfriend|I bet you Cinderella didn't get along with Prince Charming's friends. Oh sure, the knights and barons probably put up with her on account that she was pretty and had such dainty feet and all, but you should know every duchess and contess in the kingdom hated her guts.
Tamora Pierce|As long as there's life, there's hope.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|If you were writing a book to be published, you might be restrained by the fear that your wild imaginings might drive some people crazy. As it is, you are free, you can go off in any direction whatsoever, so long as the flame in your mind burns that way.
Alex E. Carey, Earth's Embrace|Love when you can, and fight when you must, but stand together and never give up, not to the enemy, and not on each other.
Ann-Marie Heidingsfelder, The 20 Minute Sales Coach|Life will always have a different plan for you. If you don’t give up, you will eventually get to your destination. But towards the end of your life, you may look back and realize that it was never really about the destination; it was the journey that counted.
P.D. James, An Unsuitable Job for a Woman|There is something deeply awe-inspiring about the sight of any living creatures in incomputable numbers; it stirs, perhaps, some atavistic chord whose note belongs more properly to the distant days when we were a true part of the animal ecology; when the sight of another species in unthinkable hosts brought fears or hopes no longer applicable.
Ali Harris|Kiss till you can't kiss any more, kiss on the street in front of everyone, kiss as if each one were the last.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|The path to our destination is not always a straight one. We go down the wrong road, we get lost, we turn back. Maybe it doesn't matter which road we embark on. Maybe what matters is that we embark.
Howard Georgi & S. L. Glashow|The laws of physics could be like an onion, with new laws becoming operational as we probe new scales. We simply don't know!
Stephen Graham Jones, Ledfeather|Could feel the reservation wheeling around him, changing shape so that he nearly had to vomit, or hold his arms to his head and scream against it all.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|Friends are not a number. You can't collect connections. You can't just go out one day and be like, "Hey, I need some friends!" *goes shopping, scours social media*
Eric Hansen, Stranger in the Forest: On Foot Across Borneo|Nations rise and fall, flourish and decay, by what they believe in and by what their culture stands for.
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Lick of Frost|I will love you always. When this red hair is white, I will still love you. When the smooth softness of youth is replaced by the delicate softness of age, I will still want to touch your skin. When your face is full of the lines of every smile you have ever smiled, of every surprise I have seen flash through your eyes, when every tear you have ever cried has left its mark upon your face,I will treasure you all the more, because I was there to see it all. I will share your life with you, Meredith, and I will love you until the last breath leaves your body or mine.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|She looked at him for a long moment. "There really is more substance to you than you let on, isn't there?£
Andrew Shue|I was a quiet teenager, introverted, full of angst.
Henry David Thoreau, Where I Lived, and What I Lived For|We have the St. Vitus' dance, and cannot possibly keep our heads still
Stewart Stafford|If they lacked the opportunity, the strength of their sprit would have been sapped; if they had lacked ability, the opportunity would have been wasted.
Elizabeth McCracken|You write the way you think about the world. My motto in times of trouble - and I'm speaking of life, not writing - is 'no humor too black.'
Satish David|Stop talking filthy things, It doesn't help anyone.
Dennis Miller|And by the way, my belief is that if men were the ones getting pregnant, abortions would be easier to get than food poisoning in Moscow
Stacy Pershall, Loud in the House of Myself: Memoir of a Strange Girl|[Caine]"Interesting. Me, I've always wanted to know who my real parents were."[Sam]"Let me guess: you're secretly a wizard who was raised by muggles.
Michael Hayden|Human language is the new UI layer, bots are like new applications, and digital assistants are meta apps. Intelligence is infused into all of your interactions.
Erna Paris, Long Shadows: Truth, Lies and History|In our tribunal, we look only at personal criminal responsibility in a very tightly defined, narrow way and we demand proof beyond a resonable doubt about the involvement of the individual. We do no have a mandate to establish the moral responsibility of those who saw things happen and did nothing, including people who might have had the capacity to stop the process and did nothing. But we have to be careful in thinking that just because we focus on individual criminal guilt we therefore absolve the community. The old distinctions are too simplistic when we move up the chain of command and witness the merging of the collectivity into the personae of these charismatic political and military leaders.'-Louise Arbour, Chief Prosecutor for International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|30 cents, two transfers, loveThinking hard about you I got on the bus and paid 30 cents car fare and asked the driver for two transfers before discovering that I was alone.
Albert Schweitzer|The more connections you and your lover make, not just between your bodies, but between your minds, your hearts, and your souls, the more you will strengthen the fabric of your relationship, and the more real moments you will experience together.
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|When Mikolay and Julia are not at school, they usually go exploring and adventuring. Mikolay’s and Julia’s mummies are both witches and are in charge of fixing things.
Katherine Anne Porter|If I didn't know the ending of a story, I wouldn't begin. I always write my last lines, my last paragraph first, and then I go back and work towards it. I know where I'm going. I know what my goal is. And how I get there is God's grace.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael: An Adventure of the Mind and Spirit|Quitting’s not hard. Deciding to quit is hard. Once you make that mental leap, the rest is easy.”“Really? Was that how you quit me?” And just like that, without thinking, without saying it in my head first, without arguing with myself for days, it’s out there.“So,” she says, as if speaking to an audience under the bridge. “He finally says it.
Stella Knights, Taken Outback|No!I don’t love you!I just like you, a little.Your lips are sweet,and your eyes are precious to me.No!I don’t love you!I just like you, a little....
Brigham Young, Journal of Discurses, Volume 10|If the Devil says you cannot pray when you are angry, tell him it is none of his business, and pray until that species of insanity is dispelled and serenity is restored to the mind. (p. 175)
Otto René Castillo|But I don't shut up and I don't die.I liveand fight, maddeningthose who rule my country.For if I liveI fight,and if I fightI contribute to the dawn.
Ivan Pavlov|Their life is about getting enough money to put food on the table to feed their children, and that's it.
Rushton|At the end of the race nobody really cares about how you started, so stay laser focused and finish strong. Get ready to proclaim "I did it!
Shelby Morgen, Security|Dye a specsuit any color other than the original red, and any stalker would put down five hundred for it without batting an eyelash”“It’s light, comfortable, not too tight, and you don’t sweat in it from the heat. You can go right through a fire in this thing, and no gas will penetrate it. It’s even bulletproof, they say. Of course, fire toxic gas, and bullets -these are only Earth perils. The Zone doesn't have those; in the Zone you have other worries.
John Ortberg, Love Beyond Reason: Moving God's Love from Your Head to Your Heart|If we are serious about loving God, we must begin with people, all people. And especially we must learn to love those that the world generally discards.
Mlungisi Simelane|It is foolish to move into the future on our own when God is waiting to guide us. His plan is the best. If we yield to Him, He can save us from Satan’s snares.. Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God..
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|The way I choose to start my day sets its tone. When I make the decision to begin by giving thanks for the positive things in my life, no matter how seemingly few or bountiful they might be, I am setting the flow for new opportunities to come my way. Each and every day I will remind myself that I can steer my outcome in any direction I wish by the actions I take. The steps I take day in and day out are the determining factors as to whether or not I achieve the success I desire. I take comfort in knowing that I have control over the actions I choose to do or not do.
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|Ah, well.” He smiled-another one of those devastatingly intoxicating smiles that did unreasonable things to her body temperature and respiration.With a nod and a respectful, “Ma’am,” he left her in the middle of the room.Feeling like she’d been hit by a tank.
Elly Griffiths, A Dying Fall|When you get to Hell, I'll be sitting in the hot tub waiting.
Thomas More|The many great gardens of the world, of literature and poetry, of painting and music, of religion and architecture, all make the point as clear as possible: The soul cannot thrive in the absence of a garden. If you don't want paradise, you are not human; and if you are not human, you don't have a soul.
Lisa Murkowski|Marriage is a very good thing, but I think it's a mistake to make a habit out of it.
Yoko Ono|I don't know if my hairstyles reflect that, but I am someone who enjoys change.
Steve Berry|And what of failure?"He shrugged."The consequence of not succeesing.Remember what Homer said.Circumstances rule men,not men circumstances.
Gregory Maguire|Approval is overrated...Approval and disapproval alike satisfy those who deliver it more than those who receive it. I don't care for approval, and I don't mind doing without.
Jennifer E. Smith, Hello, Goodbye, and Everything in Between|I might not say it, but I obviously show you how I feel,” she says. “Why do the words have to be so important?”“They just are,” he says, standing up and brushing off the back of his jeans. “Not because you’re saying them, but because you’re not.
Clare Boothe Luce|The men and women in the Armed Forces, that's what I always think about and what I teach my kids about. We're getting ready to sit down at the table and have Thanksgiving, and there's people that are not with their families.
John F. Kennedy|For me, success is a state of mind. I feel like success isn't about conquering something; it's being happy with who you are.
Debasish Mridha|With love, accept what is happening. Don’t shout at what should happen with anger.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The calmest part of the storm is not in its eye, but in your own soul.
Nikki Rowe|Accept where you are, accept what you have, accept who you are ~ do what you can with all of that and let it be enough.
John Masefield|The distant soul can shake the distant friend's soul and make the longing felt, over untold miles.
Adlai E. Stevenson|I made more money yesterday than I ever thought I'd make in an entire lifetime. But it's like somebody's going to take it all away from me and I'll be back in Texas, installing them damned irrigation wells. I didn't like that when I was sixteen. And I know I wouldn't like it when I'm eighty.
Jean-Claude Van Damme|I stopped thinking about it after trying to figure out what are the lessons learned, and there are so many. After I had basically sorted that out, I figured it's time to really look at the future and not at the past.
Krzysztof Kieślowski, Kieslowski on Kieslowski|My movie is born first in my head, dies on paper; is resuscitated by the living persons and real objects I use, which are killed on film but, placed in a certain order and projected onto a screen, come to life again like flowers in water.
Carole Glasser Langille, In Cannon Cave|When night comes, something speaksfrom that soft, fragrant wilderness.It says, the heart is not a door. But it opens.We feel in the dark for the hinge.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|The Air Loom, for all its florid craziness, can be seen to have a function and a rationale: as a miraculous, if temporary, fix for a breaking mind, a coping strategy for a life that had become too brutally contradictory to sustain otherwise.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Give a try; give a shot. Sometimes, you must not only expect the way to be too clear; strike when you can!
Sunday Adelaja|Never give up. It might not seem easy at first but in the end, it will all be worth it
Alexandra Burt|As a Muslim, I believe in the concept of fate, that there are certain things out of my control. Thus, what chance do I have to stand against kismet?
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|If one plays good music, people don't listen, and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
Robin Sacredfire|Took me a few years to understand what intelligence is; Took me an entire lifetime to understand ignorance. I still haven't found an explanation for ignorance, because the ignorant are too ignorant to justify their ignorance.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Queen of Dreams|Once I heard my mother say that each of us lives in a separate universe, one we have dreamed into being. We love pople when their dream coincides with ours, the way two cutout designs laid one on top of the other might match. But dream worlds are not static like cutouts; sooner or later they change shape, leading to misunderstanding, loneliness and loss of love.
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|A gang is the same as a wolf pack; gang members do not use their energies in friendship with one another, for they do not know what friendship is. If they are united, it is by the common bond of a desire to attack their world.
Tony Dovale|Appreciation and recognition are qualities that most leaders forget, but desperately need, to build a positive, passionate and engaged workplace.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|Aryal whispered, "If I start slapping people, I might not be able to stop.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Every friend was once a stranger and if you know this, you have to understand that conversations are the beginning of connection
George Carlin|They’re not pro-life. You know what they are? They’re anti-woman. Simple as it gets, anti-woman. They don’t like them. They don’t like women. They believe a woman’s primary role is to function as a brood mare for the state.
Laura Linney|In elementary school, we should teach nonviolent conflict resolution and healthy communication skills, which will help children cope with issues like rejection and sexuality later in life.
Anthony Liccione|Sometimes I wonder, that one missing sock after doing laundry, is the smart one. After being unhappy for so long, it finally walks away from a frayed, worn-out relationship.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You have to direct change; if you don't do so, change will direct you. Guess... the direction change will offer you is not a comfortable one. But the direction you can offer change will be the most comfortable. Go, make a change now!
Alan Moore|A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|There is a greater Christian faith than one which settles for the temporal happiness, and that is the augmentation of faith. The more faithful you become, the harder the obstacles get; but the harder the obstacles get, the tougher your spine grows; and the tougher your spine grows, the less dependent you are on man's approval. I came to know this about Christianity when valuing faith before comfort.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|[T]here is no distinction between the predicates of the divine and human nature, and, consequently, no distinction between the divine and human subject … [T]he predicates are not accidents, but express the essence of the subject … [T]he essence of religion … conceives and affirms a profoundly human relation as divine relations[.]
Genevieve Cogman, The Invisible Library|Then what is the purpose of the Library?" Vale asked."To save books," Irene said firmly.
Donna Quesada, Buddha in the Classroom: Zen Wisdom to Inspire Teachers|Thus we see that the all important thing is not killing or giving life, drinking or not drinking, living in the town or the country, being unlucky or lucky, winning or losing. It is how we win, how we lose, how we live or die, finally, how we choose.
Megan Hart|Don't kiss me", he said, looking into Natalie's eyes. There was a second's silence. "Let me kiss you. I'm old-fashioned that way.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|Life and stories are alike in one way: They are full of hollows. The king and queen have no children: They have a child hollow. The girl has a wicked stepmother: She has a mother hollow. In a story, a baby comes along to fill the child hollow. But in life, the hollows continue empty.
Théophile Gautier|What constitutes the pleasure of the traveler is the obstacle, the fatigue, the peril itself. What pleasure can there be in an excursion where one is always sure of arriving, finding ready horses, a soft bed, an excellent supper, and all the comforts one can enjoy at home. One of the great misfortunes of modern life is the lack of the sudden surprise, the absence of all adventures. Everything is so well regulated, so well meshed, so well labeled, that chance is no longer possible; another century of perfection, and each one will be able to foresee, from the day of his birth, what will happen to him until the day of his death. Human will will be completely annihilated. No more crimes, no more virtues, no more physiognomies, no more originality. It will become impossible to distinguish a Russian from a Spaniard, an Englishman from a Chinese, a Frenchman from an American. People will not even be able to recognize one another, for everyone will be same. Then an immense boredom will seize the universe, and suicide will decimate the population of the globe, for the principal spring of life—curiosity—will have been destroyed forever.
Martin Parr|If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are rich.
Doris Lessing, Going Home|THE LILIESThis morning it was, on the pavement, When that smell hit me again And set the houses reeling. People passed like rain: (The way rain moves and advances over the hills) And it was hot, hot and dank, The smell like animals, strong, but sweet too. What was it? Something I had forgotten. I tried to remember, standing there, Sniffing the air on the pavement. Somehow I thought of flowers. Flowers! That bad smell! I looked: down lanes, past houses--There, behind a hoarding, A rubbish-heap, soft and wet and rotten. Then I remembered: After the rain, on the farm, The vlei that was dry and paler than a stone Suddenly turned wet and green and warm. The green was a clash of music. Dry Africa became a swamp And swamp-birds with long beaks Went humming and flashing over the reeds And cicadas shrilling like a train. I took off my clothes and waded into the water. Under my feet first grass, then mud, Then all squelch and water to my waist. A faint iridescence of decay, The heat swimming over the creeks Where the lilies grew that I wanted: Great lilies, white, with pink streaks That stood to their necks in the water. Armfuls I gathered, working there all day. With the green scum closing round my waist, The little frogs about my legs, And jelly-trails of frog-spawn round the stems. Once I saw a snake, drowsing on a stone, Letting his coils trail into the water. I expect he was glad of rain too After nine moinths of being dry as bark. I don't know why I picked those lilies, Piling them on the grass in heaps, For after an hour they blackened, stank. When I left at dark, Red and sore and stupid from the heat, Happy as if I'd built a town, All over the grass were rank Soft, decaying heaps of lilies And the flies over them like black flies on meat...
Jonathan Ryan Batson|We can't always take the higher road when faced with adversity. Sometimes for the sake of restoration, peace and sharing the love of Jesus, we have to walk through the tribulation.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|You know,” he said, “I wish you could see this cave.”“What’s it like?”He paused. “It’s...beautiful, really.”“Tell me.”And so Po described to Katsa what hid in the blackness of the cave; and outside, the world awaited them.
Jacob Grimm|In Lower Pomerania is the Diamond Mountain, which is two miles and a half high, two miles and a half wide, and two miles and a half in depth; every hundred years a little bird comes and sharpens its beak on it, and when the whole mountain is worn away by this, then the first second of eternity will be over.
Adlai E. Stevenson II|A hypocrite is the kind of politician who would cut down a redwood tree, then mount the stump and make a speech for conservation.
John Collier|Just behind his jaw bones a tiny movement was perceptible, like the movement of gills in a fish.
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|People who have recently lost someone have a certain look, recognizable maybe only to those who have seen that look on their own faces. I have noticed it on my face and I notice it now on others. The look is one of extreme vulnerability, nakedness, openness. It is the look of someone who walks from the ophthalmologist's office into the bright daylight with dilated eyes, or of someone who wears glasses and is suddenly made to take them off. These people who have lost someone look naked because they think themselves invisible. I myself felt invisible for a period of time, incorporeal. I seemed to have crossed one of those legendary rivers that divide the living from the dead, entered a place in which I could be seen only by those who were themselves recently bereaved. I understood for the first time the power in the image of the rivers, the Styx, the Lethe, the cloaked ferryman with his pole. I understood for the first time the meaning in the practice of suttee. Widows did not throw themselves on the burning raft out of grief. The burning raft was instead an accurate representation of the place to which their grief (not their families, not the community, not custom, their grief) had taken them.
Tisha Marie Payton, MHR, Live Self-Sufficiently: The 12 Step Living Guide|When you are in harmony with love and positivity, everything you want will be pushed in your direction and given to you.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|There are little pockets of old time in London, where things and places stay the same, like bubbles in amber,” she explained. “There’s a lot of time in London, and it has to go somewhere—it doesn’t all get used up at once.” “I may still be hung over,” sighed Richard. “That almost made sense.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Skin Trade|In real life I do violence, but for psychic stuff I do other things better.
Upton Sinclair - The Jungle|There is one kind of prison where the man is behind bars, and everything he desires is outside; and there is another kind where the things are behind the bars, and the man is outside.
Barbara Kingsolver|Commit yourself to the possibility that everything you see around you is far less real than God. You want to see the truth "with all your heart, with all you soul, and with all your mind," as Jesus says. This is actually a commitment to joy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is not just becoming a Christian; it is also being a Christian all the time, 24 hours a day.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Life is here to be enjoyed, your happiness and your smile makes it even better
Larry Alan Thompson, Know Be Do: Turning the Christian Life Right Side Up|Knowing God supersedes everything else because it is the supreme cause. Everything else—being, doing, loving, believing, hoping, praising, worshipping, evangelizing, glorifying, enjoying—is an effect.
Eric Wilson, Fireproof|But just remember: a woman's like a rose; if you treat her right, she'll bloom, if you don't, she'll wilt.
Cecelia Ahern|But I can understand now why people read, why they like to get lost in somebody else's life. Sometimes I'll read a sentence and it will make me sit up, jolt me, because it is something that I have recently felt but never said out loud. I want to reach into the page and tell the characters that I understand them, that they're not alone, that I'm not alone, that it's okay to feel like this.
Seneca|If there are any persons who contest a received opinion,or who will do so if law or opinion will let them, let us thankthem for it, open our minds to listen to them, and rejoicethat there is some one to do for us what we otherwise ought,if we have any regard for either the certainty or the vitality ofour convictions, to do with much greater labor for ourselves.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|A memory came to me. One time, in middle school, a famous author came to talk to our class and give a writing workshop. One of the things she told us about writing a novel was that the story should be about what the main character wants. Dorothy wants to go home to Kansas. George Milton wants a farm of his own. Amelia Sedley wants to marry her darling George and live happily ever after. The end of the story, according to the famous author, is when the character either gests what he wants or realizes he’s never going to get it. Or sometimes, she said, like Scarlett O’Hara in Gone With the Wind, realizes she doesn’t actually want what she thought she wanted all along. pg. 324 of Bewitching
Palle Oswald|The Native Americans know that wolves are mirrors for humans. What they show us are our strengths and weaknesses... When I lived with the wolves, I was proud of the reflection of myself. But when I came back, I always paled in comparison.
A.Wilding Wells|Never, even in his wildest dreams, had his imagination come close to the reality of her.
Richelle Mead|Sorry,ʺ she said, her face shining with joy when she saw me. ʺShould have put a sock on the door. Didnʹt realize things were getting hot and heavy.ʺʺNo avoiding it,ʺ I said lightly, clasping Dimitriʹs hand. ʺThings are always hot with him around.ʺDimitri looked scandalized. Heʹd never held back when we were in bed together, but his private nature wouldnʹt let him even hint about such matters to others. It was mean, but I laughed and kissed his cheek.ʺOh, this is going to be fun,ʺ I said. ʺNow that everythingʹs out in the open.ʺʺYeah,ʺ he said. ʺI got a pretty ‘funʹ look from your father the other day.
Emily Thorne|While you are waiting to die, you have to live.
Terry Pratchett|Adventure! People talked about the idea as if it were something worthwhile, rather than a mess of bad food, no sleep and strange people inexplicably trying to stick pointed objects in bits of you.
Michael Ende, Momo|People never seemed to notice that, by saving time, they were losing something else. No one cared to admit that life was becoming ever poorer, bleaker and more monotonous. The ones who felt this most keenly were the children, because no one had time for them any more. But time is life itself, and life resides in the human heart. And the more people saved, the less they had.
Julia Glass, The Whole World Over|Water is always working, reorganizing the land.
Debasish Mridha|For peace, let us teach the humanity, tolerance and nonviolence.
Raj Vanjara|No one like the Incomplete Stories, so does the God :-)
Anonymous|Did you close that part of your life, Drizzt Do'Urden? And now are you afraid because it might again be opened?"Drizzt shook his head without hesitation, but it was an unconvincing movement. He paused a long while, they sighed deeply. "I am disappointed," the drow admitted. "In myself, for mt selfishness. I want to see Zaknafein again, to stand beside him and learn from him and listen to his words." Drizzt looked up at Cadderly, his expression truly serene. "But I remember the last time I saw him," he said, and he told Cadderly then of that final meeting.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, The Secrets of Peaches|And his eyes frighten me, too. They're the eyes of an old man, an old man who's seen so much in life that he no longer cares to go on living. They're not even desperate... just quiet and expectant, and very, very lonely, as if he were quite alone of his own free choice.
Paul   Newman|Commander! Sir! Wake up!"Jack surfaced from sleep, wondering who the commander was and wishing he'd respond so he could go back to sleep - until he remembered that he was the commander.
Catherine Anderson, Summer Breeze|A ghost from her past, part of a world to which she no longer belonged but had never stopped missing.
David Zindell, The Broken God|Before, you are wise; after, you are wise. In between you are otherwise
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|People will promise you the moon, offer you the stars, but in the end, the only heavenly body you can truly count on is your on!
Kevin Hearne, Trapped|Billy tries to imagine the vast systems that support these athletes. They are among the best-cared for creatures in the history of the planet, beneficiaries of the best nutrition, the latest technologies, the finest medical care, they live at the very pinnacle of American innovation and abundance, which inspires an extraordinary thought - send them to fight the war! Send them just as they are this moment, well rested, suited up, psyched for brutal combat, send the entire NFL! Attack with all our bears and raiders, our ferocious redskins, our jets, eagles, falcons, chiefs, patriots, cowboys - how could a bunch of skinny hajjis in man-skits and sandals stand a chance against these all-Americans? Resistance is futile, oh Arab foes. Surrender now and save yourself a world of hurt, for our mighty football players cannot be stopped, they are so huge, so strong, so fearsomely ripped that mere bombs and bullets bounce off their bones of steel. Submit, lest our awesome NFL show you straight to the flaming gates of hell!
ShahenshahHK|I was going to make him proud of the man I would become. I was finally going to chart my own course, rattle the stars, and then… Then I would deserve it.”“Deserve what?”“The way he used to look at me, like I was a hero, or something close to one.
Agatha Christie, Hercule Poirot's Christmas|The door opens with a rusted jingle, and an animatronic Santa insults my moral virtue three times. Ho, ho, ho.
Philip K. Dick, Philip K. Dick: The Last Interview and Other Conversations|We must content ourselves with the mystery, the absurdity, the contradictions, the hostility, but also the generosity that our environment offers us. It's not much, but it's always better than the deadly, defeatist certainty of the paranoid.
Noam Chomsky, Free Market Fantasies: Capitalism in the Real World|What happens if fully rational politicians compete for the support of irrational voters — specifically, voters with irrational beliefs about the effects of various policies? It is a recipe for mendacity.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|If you don't believe in the things you're doing, the answer isn't fooling yourself into thinking you believe it. If you don't believe in what you're doing, then you just shouldn't be doing it.
Siegfried Sassoon, Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man|If you miss your bus, just start walking.
Sunday Adelaja|It must be noted however, that there were other Europeans that travelled to other parts of the earth, but because they did not take with them the same Protestant culture of dignity of labour, they did not record the same level of success, growth and development as the early Protestant immigrants had done.
Frank Luntz|There are people still in the Republican Party that I believe practice the communication of anger, of disappointment, of regret, of pain, of sorrow, of suffering. That's not what the American people want to hear.
Paul Broun|So I think democracy, in the long-term, in our countries will survive if it comes to be associated with leadership, will not survive if democracy plus media brings to us more and more followship rather than leadership.
Maya Van Wagenen, Popular: Vintage Wisdom for a Modern Geek|This is the time to remember that I’m the protagonist in my own story, facing every challenge with grace and wit.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|Yes, this is what my senses alone have learned:—Things don’t have significance: they only have existence.Things are the only hidden meaning of things.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|Like Dinah says, “We can only play the cards we’ve been dealt. It doesn’t do any good to wish about things you can’t change.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Though I do not believe in the order of things, still the sticky little leaves that come out in the spring are dear to me, the blue sky is dear to me, some people are dear to me, whom one loves sometimes, would you believe it, without even knowing why; some human deeds are dear to me, which one has perhaps long ceased believing in, but still honors with one's heart, out of old habit..."--Ivan Karamazov
Auliq-Ice|Those that dare not to dream big are cowards, for they fear to expose the already great potentials embedded inside of them.
Thich Nhat Hanh, How to Love|Meditation consists of generating three kinds of energy: mindfulness, concentration, and insight. These three energies give us power to nourish happiness and take care of our suffering. Suffering may be there. But with the energy of mindfulness, concentration, and insight, we can embrace and take care of that suffering and nourish happiness at the same time.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|I don’t know what circumstances occurred in your life for you to build such a strong brick wall around your heart, but I do intend to tear it down." ~Cole
Lailah Gifty Akita|Love is the mighty force of mind, soul and body.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Kissinger would probably be outraged even if he reread his own memoirs, on the grounds that they are not favorable enough.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Under capitalism the common man enjoys amenities which in ages gone by were unknown and therefore inaccessible even to the richest people. But, of course, these motorcars, television sets and refrigerators do not make a man happy. In the instant in which he acquires them, he may feel happier than he did before. But as soon as some of his wishes are satisfied, new wishes spring up. Such is human nature.
Debasish Mridha|A fool thinks that he can cheat others, but a prudent man knows that he can only cheat himself.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Right, you've got a crooked sort of cross..." He consulted Unfogging the Future. "That means you're going to have 'trials and suffering' — sorry about that — but there's a thing that could be the sun... hang on... that means 'great happiness'... so you're going to suffer but be very happy...""You need your Inner Eye tested, if you ask me," said Ron, and they both had to stifle their laughs as Professor Trelawney gazed in their direction.
Pom Klementieff|I believe that filmmaking - as, probably, is everything - is a game you should play with all your cards, and all your dice, and whatever else you've got. So, each time I make a movie, I give it everything I have. I think everyone should, and I think everyone should do everything they do that way.
Germany Kent|No one else knows exactly what the future holds for you, no one else knows what obstacles you've overcome to be where you are, so don't expect others to feel as passionate about your dreams as you do.
Scott Stabile|I’m super fucking sensitive. I love this about myself only slightly more than I can’t stand it. Sometimes I wish I were an unfeeling stone who didn’t take everything so personally and didn’t need so much space all the time. Feeling can get exhausting fast. Mostly, though, I know my sensitivity is a superpower, perhaps my greatest, and it’s the thing that keeps me loving our world in a profound way, when I’m not too busy hiding from it, that is.
Jamie Gold|Those whose lives have been an exercise in the pitting of their wits, or the selling of their talents, time and strength, to those who pay the piper, can even in their old age, even with their wits partially gone, automatically practise defences, and appeal for aid. But not so those who have never asked, who have never bargained.
Bill Gates|To combat the confusion and depression that assault me when I come off the road in the middle of a tour, I seek the most oblivionated music possible. When it's the 'way out there' that I seek, I go right to my stash of amazing music from Japan.
Abdulkadir Abdullahi Mohamed Mirre|People believe that Noah's Ark is a legend when we are already apart of this legend, look around what do you see?
Matt D. Miller|If you always attach positive emotions to the things you want, and never attach negative emotions to the things you don't, then that which you desire most will invariably come your way.
Greg Bear, Hull Zero Three|We are all either conditioned by belief system or consciousness. Belief system is built through the world, consciousness is built from within.
Otto de Joux, Die Enterbten des Liebesgliickes. Ein Beitrag zur Seelenkunde|It would be a mistake to suppose that all Urnings must be woman-haters. Quite the contrary. They are not seldom the faithfulest friends, the truest allies, and most convinced defenders of women.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I got to believe that the people who can really be trusted are those who have kept their promises, not under the influence of pleasing people, but under the influence of doing what they have devoted their lives to be doing!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|After you have done a great thing for a great glory, sit and think and understand the journey thereon, for a little mistake can erase a great glory!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Relax, refresh and refocus.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|War makes animals of men, and we can't let that happen to us. If we do, we won't have any chance of survival.
William Ryan, Blaming the Victim|The main difference is that the enlightened believe that the poor criminal should be rehabilitated while the righteous believe that the immoral criminal should be locked up in jail. Since almost the only available system of rehabilitation in America is to be locked up in jail, the difference remains highly abstract.
Ronie Kendig, Crown of Souls|I don't want adventure.""I think you do. I think in a moment of weakness, you might surprise yourself.
Kevin Spacey|I read it a lot, whenever I find it in a library. Partly because I find new things every time I read it, but also because these BOOKS are always there for me. All of them are there for me. My life changes all the time, but books don’t change. My reading of them changes—I can bring new things to them each time. But the words are familiar words. The world is a place you’ve been before, and it welcomes you back.
James Shapiro, Contested Will: Who Wrote Shakespeare?|We've inherited many ideas about writing that emerged in the eighteenth century, especially an interest in literature as both an expression and an exploration of the self. This development  part of what distinguishes the "modern" from the "early modern"  has shaped the work of many of our most celebrated authors, whose personal experiences indelibly and visibly mark their writing. It's fair to say that the fiction and poetry of many of the finest writers of the past century or so  and I'm thinking here of Conrad, Proust, Lawrence, Joyce, Woolf, Kafka, Plath, Ellison, Lowell, Sexton, Roth, and Coetzee, to name but a few  have been deeply autobiographical. The link between the life and the work is one of the things we're curious about and look for when we pick up the latest book by a favorite author.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|It's nice to have some continuity you can come back to. I feel that in coming home, coming back to London.
Jennifer Skiff, The Divinity of Dogs: True Stories of Miracles Inspired by Man's Best Friend|You never know the hurt others endure in this world behind the closed windows of their life, or the joy a simple act of kindness can bring.
Patrick Stump|I always speak so highly of my mom because she's my partner in crime, and none of this would be possible without her love and support. Always have to make time for Mom.
Dan Barker, Godless: How an Evangelical Preacher Became One of America's Leading Atheists|—Then, said Cranly, you do not intend to become a protestant?—I said that I had lost the faith, Stephen answered, but not that I had lost self-respect. What kind of liberation would that be to forsake an absurdity which is logical and coherent and to embrace one which is illogical and incoherent?
Gayle D. Erwin, The Yhwh Style|When the mouth cries, I want to see God, the heart has reached its finest moment. Once we have sought and seen God, all other things have a way of finding us.
Margaret Atwood, Murder in the Dark: Short Fictions and Prose Poems|Once she wasn't supposed to like it. To have her in a position she didn't like, that was power. Even if she liked it she had to pretend she didn't. Then she was supposed to like it. To make her do something she didn't like and then make her like it, that was greater power. The greatest power of all is when she doesn't really like it but she's supposed to like it, so she has to pretend.
Saim .A. Cheeda|What was once thought, so it shall become.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|To begin with, there is the frightful debauchery of taste that has already been effected by a century of mechanisation. This is almost too obvious and too generally admitted to need pointing out. But as a single instance, take taste in its narrowest sense - the taste for decent food. In the highly mechanical countries, thanks to tinned food, cold storage, synthetic flavouring matters, etc., the palate it almost a dead organ. As you can see by looking at any greengrocer’s shop, what the majority of English people mean by an apple is a lump of highly-coloured cotton wool from America or Australia; they will devour these things, apparently with pleasure, and let the English apples rot under the trees. It is the shiny, standardized, machine-made look of the American apple that appeals to them; the superior taste of the English apple is something they simply do not notice. Or look at the factory-made, foil wrapped cheeses and ‘blended’ butter in an grocer’s; look at the hideous rows of tins which usurp more and more of the space in any food-shop, even a dairy; look at a sixpenny Swiss roll or a twopenny ice-cream; look at the filthy chemical by-product that people will pour down their throats under the name of beer. Wherever you look you will see some slick machine-made article triumphing over the old-fashioned article that still tastes of something other than sawdust. And what applies to food applies also to furniture, houses, clothes, books, amusements and everything else that makes up our environment. These are now millions of people, and they are increasing every year, to whom the blaring of a radio is not only a more acceptable but a more normal background to their thoughts than the lowing of cattle or the song of birds. The mechanisation of the world could never proceed very far while taste, even the taste-buds of the tongue, remained uncorrupted, because in that case most of the products of the machine would be simply unwanted. In a healthy world there would be no demand for tinned food, aspirins, gramophones, gas-pipe chairs, machine guns, daily newspapers, telephones, motor-cars, etc. etc.; and on the other hand there would be a constant demand for the things the machine cannot produce. But meanwhile the machine is here, and its corrupting effects are almost irresistible. One inveighs against it, but one goes on using it. Even a bare-arse savage, given the change, will learn the vices of civilisation within a few months. Mechanisation leads to the decay of taste, the decay of taste leads to demand for machine-made articles and hence to more mechanisation, and so a vicious circle is established.
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|Just as a stressful life can make you depressed, continuing exposure to stressors maintains depression.
Keerthi Singhe, Spirit Flows Power Glows|Memory holds you back, Imagination pushes you forward.
Brooke Nevin|I was home schooled in high school but was definitely the nerd in middle school. I was in three academic clubs, a huge book worm, and the teacher's pet. I was kind of an easy target for bullies.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.
Pauline Melville|If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides of a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget that their is such a thing as war. If the government if inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it.
Abby Geni, The Lightkeepers|We may never know what another person is thinking--never truly get into anyone else's head--but photography brings us as close as anything can. When the members of an audience at an art gallery look at a picture, they can step for a moment inside the mind of the artist. Like telepathy. Like time travel. At some future date, when people gaze at my photographs of the islands, they will see what I saw. They will stand where I stood, on this granite, surrounded by this ocean. Perhaps they will even feel some of the elation I have experienced here.
Greg Baxter, The Apartment|And yet the feeling of injustice itself turned out to be strangely physical. Even realer, in a way, than a her hurting, smelling, sweating body. Injustice had a shape, an a weight, and a temperature, and a texture, and a very bad taste.
E.C "Teddy Blue" Abbott|A single word indicative of doubt, that any thing, or every thing, in that country is not the very best in the world, produces an effect which must be seen and felt to be understood. If the citizens of the United States were indeed the devoted patriots they call themselves, they would surely not thus encrust themselves in the hard, dry, stubborn persuasion, that they are the first and best of the human race, that nothing is to be learnt, but what they are able to teach, and that nothing is worth having, which they do not possess.
Prince Andrew|I have been called a nun with a switchblade where my privacy is concerned. I think there's a point where one says, that's for family, that's for me.
Harper Lee|The one place where a man ought to get a square deal is in a court-room, be he any colour of the rainbow, but people have way of carrying their resentments right into a jury box.
Helena Lancaster|Well, I definitely advise anyone who wants to write, write. Don’t let anyone tell you that you shouldn’t. Don’t let anyone tell you that you can’t. Because a lot of people can be very discouraging to people who say they want to be a professional writer. If you want to do it, then chase it. Chase your dreams. Follow your heart. If that’s what you want, go after it. Write it out. You never know, you could be the next big thing.
Renae Kaye, Shawn's Law|Plato worried that philosophical writing would take the place of living conversations for which, in philosophy, there is no substitute.
Leonardo Padura, El hombre que amaba a los perros|Communism,” I observed, “is a pile of wank.
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|Raven briefly pondered the phrase, "staring down the barrel of a gun". It wasn't really that accurate, he decided. After all, it was too dark to see any features down a barrel, only a black circle at the end of it.
Debasish Mridha|Whoever you meet in your journey of life, enlighten them with the light of your love and kindness.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Do it or not, but do.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|This is where people misunderstand war. When you attack another country for its resources, you are the pirate. But when you protect your country from the pirates, you are the hero.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy a stress free life, enjoy what you have-not what you think you deserve.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|It was kind of soothing, these sounds of lives being lived all around me, for better or for worse. And there I was, in the middle of them all, newly reborn and still waiting for mine to begin.
Tony Burgess, Pontypool Changes Everything|Because different cultures see a particular animal as representing a certain human virtue or vice, the use of animal imagery also allows for more colorful commentary on the human condition.
Dada Bhagwan|One becomes independent (free) from the moment one realizes the principle that, ‘No living being is able to interfere with another living being to the slightest’.
Sam Harris|If you're constantly ruminating about what you just did- or what you should have done- or what you would have done if you only had the chance, you will miss your life. Ok, you will fail to connect with it. You will fail to connect with other people.
Freddie Highmore|Beauty is the only thing that time cannot harm. Philosophies fall away like sand, creeds follow one another, but what is beautiful is a joy for all seasons, a possession for all eternity.
Skyler Samuels|Nowadays people's visual imagination is so much more sophisticated, so much more developed, particularly in young people, that now you can make an image which just slightly suggests something, they can make of it what they will.
Pasi Ilmari Jääskeläinen, The Rabbit Back Literature Society|Even the best cook can’t make chicken soup out of his own feet. There aren’t so terribly many ingredients in anyone’s life, less meat than there is on a sparrow. The average person could come up with at most two good novels. Many who think very highly of themselves can’t manage more than a couple of anecdotes.
Gary Wolf|If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
Abraham Lincoln|Let no feeling of discouragement preyupon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.
Steven Magee|If I am looking for inspiration, then I read the religious scriptures.
Henry Enfield Roscoe|The man attempted to salute and Renius forced himself to smile, biting back his temper at the sloppy manners. He watched the fat figure run away into the buildings and wiped the first beads of sweat from his brow. Strange that such men as that should understand loyalty where so many others threw it aside at the first hint of freedom.
John Steinbeck|And yet, for a writer of fiction, part of the heart remains that of a stranger, for what we are trying to do is to understand those others who are our fictional characters, somehow to gain entrance to their minds and feelings, to respect them for themselves as human individuals, and to portray them as truly as we can. The whole process of fiction is a mysterious one, and a writer, however experienced, remains in some ways a perpetual amateur, or perhaps a perpetual traveller, an explorer of those inner territories, those strange lands of the heart and spirit.
Robert Dallek|We have actually experienced in recent months a dramatic demonstration of an unprecedented intelligence failure, perhaps the most significant intelligence failure in the history of the United States.
Fakeer Ishavardas|There will be no beautiful widow with Persian eyes sitting at your grave. And teary-eyed kids won't be asking: "Papa, papa, can you hear us?
Colleen Hoover, Never Never: Part Three|While he spends all of his time trying to remember, I spend all of my time trying to forget.I don’t want to remember how it feels to love him.I want to forget everything in this world that reminds me of him.
Ace Antonio Hall|Black snowflakes creep down from the sky, advancing slowly, methodically. All the money in the world, which my father seems to have, can’t keep the demons from chasing me ⎯ Aishling Morrighan Delaney, a.k.a. princess of Clan Delaney. Everything is messed up. I’m wearing the “Happy Birthday” sash across my chest that my best friend, Claire, had always insisted I wear for my special day, but this is not that day. My twentieth birthday was over a month ago, on October 31, the night of Samhain, the Celtic New Year’s Eve.This is December 7th, and the Ten Colds Moon is rising. My fate stalks me. Doesn’t look like I’m going to make it to my belated birthday party. I lean into my horse, Kheelan, as he tears across the bracken and bramble moor, and beyond through the amethyst fields of devil’s bit, for a moment outrunning the faerie’s freak show. The spiky shrubs of the moor bite my legs as we attempt to outrun the Fates and the black snow that comes like a gathering sandstorm, trailing me. This princess thing in Ireland can get a girl killed fast, or maybe it’s just me. I am the faerie slayer of the seventh order and the 28th generation, the prophesied Gael Siridean, the Searcher. As such, my head is crowned with a supernatural bounty, and the price is high…The thread of my life frays rapidly, as does the hem of this black velvet medieval-style dress I borrowed from my best friend, Claire. She’s throwing me a themed party this year. If I make it out of this alive tonight, she’s going to kill me for ruining her dress and causing her more worry. Maybe she’ll grant me mercy when she takes in my drenched, haggard appearance with thistle strewn throughout my hair and dark eyeliner no doubt leaving claw marks down my cheeks. I can’t tell her what really happened here tonight. I can’t tell anyone.
Amy Hempel, The Collected Stories| I think of the chimp, the one with the talking hands. In the course of the experiment, that chimp had a baby. Imagine how her trainers must have thrilled when the mother, without prompting, began to sign her newborn. Baby, drink milk. Baby, play ball. And when the baby died, the mother stood over the body, her wrinkled hands moving with animal grace, forming again and again the words: Baby, come hug, Baby come hug, fluent now in the language of grief.
Philip Pullman|There's a hunger for stories in all of us, adults too. We need stories so much that we're even willing to read bad books to get them, if the good books won't supply them.
Herman Koch|Well, fame is a drug and when you take it away from an addict, things can get ugly.
Alamvusha|Death is beautiful, part of life... No, it is sad. It’s sad when anyone dies. Even though every single human dies. So it’s really not that sad.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Jokes are another example of stupidity... we are so wise and so clever and we do stupid stuff, how wise is that?Jokes on stage of being serious... when you aren't serious what you get is more likely somebody being in state of seriousness.
Pamela Anderson|And in that moment, I felt my own ignorance spread suddenly out behind me like a pair of wings, and every single thing I didn’t know was a feather on those wings. I could feel them tugging at the air, restless to be airborne.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Don't leave the dream, lead your dreams!
Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz, The Madman and the Nun: and Other Plays|The country was a dreamland; and perhaps it even reminded my wife's grandfather of the night he woke up drunk in his friend's house, beside his friend's wife, everything similar but new, different, better. The United States of America was like an eternity of those first disorientating seconds of not knowing and not wanting to.
Carl Jung|There's no place that communicates as much - and as quickly - as Times Square does. I see the roiling energy and its forceful race into the future. Of course, after 15 minutes, I want to get as far away from there as possible.
Chris Wooding, Poison|Once upon a time there was a young lady who lived in a marsh, and her name was Poison.
Dean Ornish|A boxer's diet should be low in fat and high in proteins and sugar. Therefore you should eat plenty of lean meat, milk, leafy vegetables, and fresh fruit and ice cream for sugar.
Ellen F. Davis|Agrarians are committed to preserving both communities and the material means of life, to cultivating practices that ensure that the essential means of life suffice for all members of the present generation and are not diminished for those who come after. Agrarianism in this sense is, and has nearly always been, a marginal culture existing at the edge or under the domination of a larger culture whose ideology, social system, and economy are fundamentally different. So agrarian writers, both ancient and modern, always speak with a vivid awareness of the threat posed by the culture of the powerful.
Jason Gay, Little Victories: Perfect Rules for Imperfect Living|That's the thing about the internet: it doesn't simply help us find the best thing out there; it has helped to produce the idea that there is a best thing, and, if we search hard enough, we can find it.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|If there is to be reconciliation, first there must be truth.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|But you have to sacrifice yourself for YOURSELF, too.
Alexis Landau, The Empire of the Senses|Anyone young, famous and beautiful who dies young is forever frozen in time and fascinating to all of us.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|In a situation of manipulation, the Left is almost always tempted by a “quick return to power,” forgets the necessity of joining with the oppressed to forge an organization, and strays into an impossible “dialogue” with the dominant elites. It ends by being manipulated by these elites, and not infrequently itself falls in an elitist game, which it calls “realism.”Manipulation, like the conquest whose objectives it serves, attempts to anesthetize the people so they will not think. For if the people join to their presence in the historical process critical thinking about that process, the threat of their emergence materializes in revolution…One of the methods of manipulation is to inoculate individuals with the bourgeois appetite for personal success. This manipulation is sometimes carried out directly by the elites and sometimes indirectly, through populist leaders.
Ludwig von Mises, Economic Freedom and Interventionism|Used to the conditions of a capitalistic environment, the average American takes it for granted that every year business makes something new and better accessible to him. Looking backward upon the years of his own life, he realizes that many implements that were totally unknown in the days of his youth and many others which at that time could be enjoyed only by a small minority are now standard equipment of almost every household. He is fully confident that this trend will prevail also in the future. He simply calls it the American way of life and does not give serious thought to the question of what made this continuous improvement in the supply of material goods possible.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Tides of Destiny|Most people never think beyond their birth. But if I had contented myself with everyone else's opinions of me, I wouldn't be the man I am today. People like us make our own destinies, Gwenwhyfar—and to the waves with the naysayers who oppose us.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Afore me! It is so very late,That we may call it early by and by.
Deborah Eisenberg, The Stories|Stop that Stuart," Patty said as Stuart struggled with the suitcases, which were too heavy for him, she thought. (Almost everything was way too heavy for Stuart.)" Just put those down. Besides," Patty said, "where will you go? You don't have anyplace to go." But Stuart took her hand and held it for a moment against his closed eyes, and despite the many occasions when Patty had wanted him to go, and the several occasions when she had tried to make him go, despite the fact that he was at his most enragingly pathetic, for once she could think of nothing, nothing at all that he could be trying to shame her into or shame her out of, and so it occurred to her that this he would really leave---that he was simply saying good-bye. All along, Patty had been unaware that time is as adhesive as love, and that the more time you spend with someone the greater the likelihood of finding yourself with a permanent sort of thing to deal with that people casually refer to as "friendship," as if that were the end of the matter,when the truth is that even if "your friend" does something annoying, or if you and "your friend" decided that you hate each other, or if "your friend" moves away and you lose each other's address, you still have a friendship, and although it can change shape, look different in different lights, become an embarrassment or an encumbrance or a sorrow, it can't simply cease to have existed, no matter how far into the past it sinks, so attempts to disavow or destroy it will not merely constitute betrayals of friendship but, more practically, are bound to be fruitless, causing damage only to the humans involved rather than to that gummy jungle(friendship)in which those humans have entrapped themselves, so if sometime in the future you're not going to want to have been a particular person's friend, or if you're not going to want to have had that particular friendship you and that person can make with one another, then don't be friends with that person at all, don't talk to that person, don't go anywhere near that person, because as soon as you start to see something from that person's point of view (which, inevitably, will be as soon as you stand next to that person) common ground is sure to slide under your feet.
Randy Johnson|We are at our very best, and we are happiest, when we are fully engaged in work we enjoy on the journey toward the goal we've established for ourselves. It gives meaning to our time off and comfort to our sleep. It makes everything else in life so wonderful, so worthwhile.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Do you trust me Ana?"Ana! "Yes,I do."I respond spontaneously, not thinking...because it's true-I do trust him."Well,then"he looks relieved. "The rest of this stuff is just details""important details
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|My life of conversation leads me to reimagine the very meaning of hope. I define hope as distinct from optimism or idealism. It has nothing to do with wishing. It references reality at every turn and reveres truth. It lives open eyed and wholeheartedly with the darkness that is woven ineluctably into the light of life and sometimes seems to overcome it. Hope, like every virtue, is a choice that becomes a habit that becomes spiritual muscle memory.
Frederick Douglass|In a completely sane world, madness is the only freedom.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|You know," she murmured, "we're all heading straight to hell.""Yes," said Masako, giving her a bleak look. "It's like riding downhill with no brakes.""You mean, there's no way to stop?" "No, you stop all right - when you crash.
Cass Sunstein|When history is erased, people's moral values are also erased.
Beeban Kidron|God bless you if you have one child, but I don't think anybody should have just one child. Everybody needs a sibling. I have siblings, and I have so many amazing, precious memories with my siblings. I don't know what I would do if I had been an only child.
Donna George Storey, Amorous Woman|And so I told him how living in Japan would give him a leisure no mere tourist has, to know the rhythms of the place, a land of tiny poems.
Karl Pearson, The Grammar of Science|If the whole world shared such experiences, we would then have common dreams and everybody could begin thinking about tomorrow. And if everybody thinks about tomorrow, then someday we can visit the sky together.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Healing is about choices—choices to treat or not to treat, tochoose one type of intervention over another, or to choose onemethod of treatment in conjunction with another. One choice does not eliminate all other possibilities.You can choose and choose again. The most importantchoice is the decision to heal; all else follows.
William Banting|I am now in that happy comfortable state that I do not hesitate to indulge in any fancy in regard to diet, but watch the consequences, and do not continue any course which adds to weight or bulk and consequent discomfort.
Sidney Poitier|I think when romantic comedies are done well, it's a great genre. 'When Harry Met Sally' is kind of a benchmark for me, but I'm very happy to admit that I love 'Pretty Woman.' I do! It's a great film, and so is 'Sixteen Candles.' I was a big John Hughes fan - still am. I have moments where I have to watch a Hughes film.
Henry Ward Beecher|There are more quarrels smothered by just shutting your mouth, and holding it shut, than by all the wisdom in the world.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|Stories have changed, my dear boy,” the man in the grey suit says, his voice almost imperceptibly sad. “There are no more battles between good and evil, no monsters to slay, no maidens in need of rescue. Most maidens are perfectly capable of rescuing themselves in my experience, at least the ones worth something, in any case. There are no longer simple tales with quests and beasts and happy endings. The quests lack clarity of goal or path. The beasts take different forms and are difficult to recognize for what they are. And there are never really endings, happy or otherwise. Things keep overlapping and blur, your story is part of your sister’s story is part of many other stories, and there in no telling where any of them may lead. Good and evil are a great deal more complex than a princess and a dragon, or a wolf and a scarlet-clad little girl. And is not the dragon the hero of his own story? Is not the wolf simply acting as a wolf should act? Though perhaps it is a singular wolf who goes to such lengths as to dress as a grandmother to toy with its prey.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With all your heart, reach out to your divine-dreams.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|We long to have again the vanished past, in spite of all its pain.
Will Leamon|I am not angry at Microsoft, as they did give me Windows 10 for free! I do feel a little misled about its reliability on older computers never certified for its installation by the manufacturer though.
Karen Chance, In Vino Veritas|That wasn’t so bad,” I decided, after downing the shot. Maybe I was getting my rhythm. “Because you threw it over your shoulder,” Scarface told me, looking smug. “Did not.” I looked behind me, only to see an outraged vamp with fey wine dripping down his face. “Oops.” “It was for luck,” Ray said defensively, wrapping both my hands around a glass. “Drink!” I drank.
Veronica Hollinger, Blood Read: The Vampire as Metaphor in Contemporary Culture|When you die, your culture takes you in, and then, if you've given enough, your place is near the centre.
Lynda K. Scott, Altered Destiny|The woman trembled, eyes wide as she stared at the bluff. Her teeth pressed against her lower lip hard enough he wouldn’t have been surprised to see blood. Devyn recognized the building hysteria. His chest tightened; he’d seen like expressions all too often and it opened a raw, bleeding hurt in his chest.
Paul Ricœur|Without guilt or remorse, shame was an empty emotion. Indeed, shame would not be shame.
Don Roff|If you schlep a shit job everyday, keep and feed a little secret life--whether it's writing, art, running, music, your thoughts. It's yours.
Joy Sikorski|Memories are strange things. Withough being something I can hold in my hand, they wield a beguiling power over me. Like a mirage in the noontime heat of summer, they dance before my inner eyes and beckon me to find water where there is not water.
Rachel Carson|The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe about us the less taste we shall have for the destruction of our race. Wonder and humility are wholesome emotions, and they do not exist side by side with a lust for destru
Victor Pelevin, The Sacred Book of the Werewolf|There's a scientific hypothesis that every person's name is a primary suggestive command that contains the entire script of their life in highly concentrated form. . . . According to this point of view, there is only a limited number of names, because society only needs a limited number of human types. Just a few models of worker and warrior ants, if I could put it like that. And everybody's psyche is preprogrammed at a basic level by the associative semantic fields that their first name and surname activate.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|The French believe that kids feel confident when they're able to do things for themselves, and do those things well. After children have learned to talk, adults don't praise them for saying just anything. They praise them for saying interesting things, and for speaking well.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|Stay away from the underground lake I implore,The Siren will see you are heard of no more.
BinYamin Gulzar|Sitting alone in the alley of dark submissive loneliness.Retrospecting on the things that were left unsaid , only if they weren't ! The monsters within my head grow stronger everyday ,Fighting them everyday , I wonder , does it make me an unsung hero , no one knows about ! ? May be I will die like a unknown martyer within my own hallucinations Or may be perhaps I may be a sacrificial lamb .Happiness is but a dream I cherish most , I need peace , I have none .Set me free , I have been broken I want to breath ., my last ! I want to be free at last !
Shay Savage, Transcendence|Elizabeth."I feel my smile on my face as I understand what she is doing. Though it's a strange one, she has a name-sound just like I do, and she's telling me what it is. I try to make the same sounds."Ehh..beh." I frown. Why is her name-sound so difficult and so long?She frowns right back at me and says it again. "Elizabeth.""Beh-tah-babaa."She sighs and her forehead wrinkles. "Elizabeth. Eeee-lizzzz-ahh-beth.""Laahh...baaay."She taps her chest again."Beth!"The sound is shorter but still very odd."Beh-bet.""Beth," she repeats.I've had enough. I reach out and touch her should."Beh.""Beth." I tap her a little harder and growl."Beh", I repeat. I tap her again. "BEH!"Her eyes widen a bit, and she inhales sharply. A moment later, her shoulders drop and she sighs."Beh," she says quietly.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|When you discover your own self, you will see that same infinite potential in your lover’s eyes.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|To gain your share of the market, you must show how your company is different and how your culture produces a unique experience for your customers, leaving no room for competition. And that, Bombshell, is your brand.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Making a dream into reality begins with what you have, not with what you are waiting on.
Immaculée Ilibagiza, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust|The author recognizes the power of the persecuting tribe referring to members of hers consistently as "snakes" or "roaches". This dehumanizing language, she realizes, seeps into the subconscious and makes it easier to forget that fellow humans were created in God's image.
John F. Kennedy|If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for dive
Jane Mendelsohn, I Was Amelia Earhart|The spring came suddenly; the rains stopped, the days grew noticeably longer, and the afternoon light felt powdery, as if it might blow away.
Levon Peter Poe|In our very ordinariness', we are capable of extraordinary actions
Abraham Hicks|Do you keep pace with those around you, or do you decide yourself just how you will live your life? The truth is...only you are qualified to set your standards. Only you can determine how you should live and what you will finally expect from yourself.
Barbara Kyle, Blood Between Queens|Fenella Doorn watched the unfamiliar wreck of a ship ghosting into her bay. Crippled by cannon fire, she thought. What else could do such damage? The foremast was blown away, as well as half the mainmast where a jury rig clung to the jagged stump, and shot holes tattered the sails on the mizzen. And yet, to Fenella’s experienced eye the vessel had an air of defiance. Demi-cannons hulked in the shadowed gun ports. This ship was a fighter, battered but not beaten. With fight still in her, was she friend or foe?
Yosef Marcus, Pirkei Avot: Ethics of the Fathers|Not surprisingly, the all-powerful evocation of terrorism is reserved only for those acts that threaten the government-sponsored status quo, but not that perpetrated by the state or corporations against the population. So, for example, the ugly history of white people lynching, bombing, and killing Blacks in the United States is not understood, taught, or remembered as a part of the homeland’s history of terrorism.
Born In Slavery: Slave Narratives from The Federal Writers Project|And hoops, like rings aflame set to jump through for a world fit for someone elseThe cold harsh feel of steel on skin, the unloved touch of an industry used to deprave all mankind of its creativity and cast us out as a solider of fortune. Working to build an empire of dirt until the grave of another unknown warrior lays dead and buried amongst the masses of a billion unknowns before him.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|I know you don't think that any tongue I speak is mine; it must be rented. I am always denial, or pretense. A child born mid-flight has no nation. I can pull on either culture, but they always melt like a dream, trickle away, water on the oiled pelt of foreign.
Dr. James Foster|Paulo noticed the creature’s swift and frantic breathing and the drop of red staining the ground beneath, but above all he saw the bird’s uppermost eye, wide open and fixed on his. That single eye reflected panic and despair on a scale he had never before witnessed. It was both tiny and enormous, and with every passing moment it seemed to expand, encompassing the trees, the landscape, the sky. That look stilled the wind and darkened the day and, at a glance, transformed a moment of ecstasy into a bottomless pit of guilt."From "The Algorithm of Power", Part 3: The Paulo Fontana Story
Jeff Koons|In fighting the debt crisis, E.U. countries have enhanced co-operation and carried out reform with tremendous courage. This is laudable.
Daniel Vlcek|Come on, shake off the covers of this sloth, for sitting softly cushioned, or tucked in bed, is no way to win fame.
Eric Bredesen, Mythology & History|In marriage you are not sacrificing yourself to the other person. You are sacrificing yourself to the relationship.You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.Life will always be sorrowful. We can't change it, but we can change our attitude toward it.Awe is what moves us forward.
Jonathan Grant, Divine Sex: A Compelling Vision for Christian Relationships in a Hypersexualized Age|The Pharisees had an ethic of avoidance, and Jesus had an ethic of involvement.
Tim Fargo|Mistakes should be examined, learned from, and discarded; not dwelled upon and stored.
Julian Quintero|Perfection is just an opinion, but the only way anyone will ever reach perfection is through one 'man' who is Jesus Christ. Many have come against him and have passive aggressively felt tall in his imperfections but will forever fall short of his eternal glory. To compare oneself to our God who has given us all life, opportunity, and free will and to use it to gloat over him is a huge mistake that will be paid maybe not in the current life but most definitely in the eternal life. It is much simpler to live up to his standard than to try and forge our own. We are forever changing and yet he has always remained the same.
Eileen Anglin|Every time that we consider our past, examine our present environment, and speculate about the future, we engage in mental projection. Contemplation merges into thinking, and thinking unspools into theorizing suppositions. Every act of attentiveness expands our state of awareness. Deductive surmises represent an ongoing process of making applicable connections between theories and facts. Devising working hypothesis represents one of the highest intellectual achievements of humankind.
Herman Melville|A writer should have this little voice inside of you saying, Tell the truth. Reveal a few secrets here.
Jeanne M. Lee, I Once Was a Monkey: Stories Buddha Told|while people go on chatting about a million and one thingsI mostly sit and observe with ascended understandingsas they bring up the topic of death and of a person dyingI listen quietly while often accidentally smilingat the absurdity of anybody ever believing in deathI don't mean to be insensitive towards a body's last breatha higher Reality laid bare, bodily expiration is of no accountwith this revelation incalculable life fears we surmountthe Sage is notorious for finding strange things funnygiggling at horrors and ridiculous events not so sunnysometimes a straight face is merely for showbut spy the glint in his eye about a truth you don’t knowan unfounded assumption is that we only live oncenot a Mystic throughout history has avowed this occurrenceChristian ones may not have mentioned being reborn againthey also didn't deny it—their teaching was kept plainjust as the Buddha intentionally avoided the God conceptultimately not essential, under the rug reincarnation is swept
Adele          Rose, Shattered|How do you want me to give you that warning?” he added, grinning. Sweat rolled down his chiselled back and he wagged his eyebrows suggestively. “It comes with two settings. One that reads: ‘danger – too hot to handle’ or ‘danger – don’t get too close or you’ll get burnt.
Anatole France|An education isn't how much you have committed to memory, or even how much you know. It's being able to differentiate between what you know and what you don't.
Nigel Barker|You have to tell guys to ask you on a date. Smile when you do it - however that works, I'm not 'Cosmo.' But yeah - not a lot of people know how to 'court' anymore, sorry.
Sofía Navarro|Cocky little king. You assume you're the only one that gives me satisfaction?"His smile widens as he lifts one of my arms and kisses the sensitive skin of my wrist. "If there is something in this world that can please you more than me," he says, his warm breath caressing my skin, "then I'll be extra diligent in my duties tonight, my queen. Indulge me with every sensation that gives you pleasure, and I will match it and more."Whatever retort was on my tongue vanishes, his heated words stealing all reason from my mind. Only one lingers: queen. Hearing him refer to me as his intended opens my heart like the sea opens to the sky, and I am his.
Jon Stewart|We speak now or I do, and others do. You've never spoken before. You will. You'll be able to say how the city is a pit and a hill and a standard and an animal that hunts and a vessel on the sea and the sea and how we are fish in it, not like the man who swims weekly with fish but the fish with which he swims, the water, the pool. I love you, you light me, warm me, you are suns.You have never spoken before.
Cassandra Giovanni, In Between Seasons|I felt bashful, like I had when I'd first told him of An Imperial Affliction. "Um, okay. Okay. 'Let us go, trough certain half-deserted streets,/ The muttering retreats/ Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels/ and sawdust restaurants with oyster shells:/ Streets that follow like a tedious argument/ Of insidious intent/ To lead you to an overwhelming question../Oh, do not ask, "What is it?"/ Let us go and make our visit" "I'm in love with you," he said quietly. "Augustus," I said. "I am, " he said. He was staring at me, and I could see the corners of his eyes crinkling. "I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you." "Augustus," I said again, not knowing what else to say. It felt like everything was rising up in me, like I was drowning in this wierdly painful joy, but I couldn't say it back. I couldn't say it back. I just looked at him and let him look at me until he nodded, lips pursed, and turned away, placing the side of his head against the window.
Bruno Schulz|Mom, how come you never go outside?""I told you, I'm a vampire.
Jen Pollock Michel, Teach Us to Want: Longing, Ambition & the Life of Faith|The phrases of the Lord's Prayer, "are words we pray, not always because we believe them, but because we WANT to believe them.
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|You are not in any way aware that you are already victorious, that life has happened to you. You are already a winner and nothing more is possible, all that could happen has happened to you. You are already an emperor, and there is no other kingdom to be won. But you have not recognized it, you have not known the beauty of the life that has already happened to you. You have not known the silence, the peace, the bliss that is already there.And because you are not aware of the inner kingdom, you always feel that something more is needed, some victory, to prove that you are not a beggar.
Scott Stabile|And then it hit me—I don’t have to participate in these toxic conversations. But if I choose to, I can set a different example. I can bring love to the moment,regardless of the response. I can choose to be kind, no matter what.My power lives in my love.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Then what is true love?” she asked audaciously.	Derian leaned forward, his focus powerfully fixed on her. His voice turned delicate and compelling as he spoke. 	“Love is so much more than a feeling. True love, Eena, is something that develops over time. It’s not that initial infatuation nor the shivers and butterflies that take your breath away when you’re first attracted to someone. Those things are nice, but they are barely the beginning of what could become true love. The emotions you speak of are temporary and unreliable, elicited when two people come together. The power I speak of grows ever stronger over time until it is steadfast, even in separation. Then, reunited, it solidifies unshakably.”	She shook her head. “I don’t quite follow.” 	The captain inched closer, fixing her with the sincerest of gazes. His hands cupped as if he were holding his very heart within them. “True love is a developed and intense appreciation for someone. It’s that perfect awareness that you are finally whole when she’s with you, and that hollow incompleteness you suffer when she’s gone. True love takes time, Eena. It’s an earned comfort that tells you she’ll be right there beside you no matter what you do, not necessarily happy with your every action, but faithful to you just the same. Love is knowing someone so deeply, understanding her so completely, that you can finish her thoughts without hesitation, confident in reading her face, her body, even her slightest gesture means something to you. Love is years of devotion, sacrifice, commitment, loyalty, trust, faith, and friendship all wrapped up in one. True love does more than cause your heart to flutter, Eena. It upholds your heart when the infatuation no longer makes it flutter.”	“Wow.
Will Davis Jr., 10 Things Jesus Never Said: And Why You Should Stop Believing Them|To be yourself is in many ways, is to be inconvenient to others. Only placaters and appeasers get along with other people all the time and that's not really getting along with anyone. That's just self erasure.To be alive, to be in a relationship is to constantly court inconvenience to others and out of that inconvenience can come enormous growth. I simply work as an imperasist. Empiricism comes first. So, I speak things that are inconvenient to others but, true for me. I observe their response. It's incredibly easy to find out the truth in your relationships. All you do is speak the truth. You speak the truth about what's on your mind to those around you and their true natures will be revealed in about 5 seconds.You have honesty in your relationships. You speak the truth about your experience, thought's, and feelings in your relationships and then you do not control how other people respond. Your as honest as can be and you simply observe how they respond. It's like that spray you use to see the lasers in the room. Honesty reveals everything.OK So, if these people constantly sacrifice my happiness, security, and mental health for the sake of their petty emotional selfish needs then I could choose to stay in those relationships if I want. I mean, I could choose to continue to hire an employee who steals from me everyday. I just have to be aware that he's stealing from me everyday.
Elizabeth Bear, Shattered Pillars|What was a book? Not just ink and fiber and stitchery: a series of processes. To a wizard, it was not a static object--but a human thought caught and bound, made concrete through sacred technology. Magic, then, and a deep form of it.
Yusuf Idris, City of Love and Ashes|I see a girl, soon to be a woman," Tibb continues. "The girl who will share your life. She will love you, she will betray you, and finally she will die for you. And it will all have been for nothing. All for nothing in the end.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|With an objective eye, take an inventory of your successes and enlist the honest feedback of a trusted and respected mentor or peer. Chances are they see you in a better light than you see yourself!
Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human|In my mother's book, a vegetarian is somebody who is not concern with his or her diet and health. "Someone who prefer bush and grass, as if they is sheeps and cows, is somebody who don't have enough food to put in his mouth," she always say.Only vegetarians eat dryfood regularly—and like to eat it, too. It is not considered normal for a person to cook food that doesn't have some amount o' meat or fish to go with it. Only someone who is starving, who don't have money to buy a fish head or a single flying fish or even the head of a dolphin—in other words, a person who is "catching his arse"—has to eat dryfood. A person at this stage is a person one remove from having to cook bakes for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|Some people are going to leave, but that's not the end of your story. That's the end of their part in your story.
Toni Sorenson|We all want to be happier, more financially secure and to experience more rewarding relationships. We all dream of making something more of our lives. A mountain trail is a terrific place to make our biggest, boldest, brightest dreams come true.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Respectable Prostitute/Lucifer and the Lord/In Camera|Amuse yourself, torment your desires. Drink when you're thirsty -- that would be very much too simple! If you didn't harbour a temptation eternally in your soul, you'd run the risk of forgetting yourself.
Robert Buettner, Overkill|He seemed like a walking blasphemy, a blend of the angel and the ape.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Being God's Friend|Though you wear your fingers to the bone with service, weep your eyes out with repentance, make your knees hard with kneeling, and dry your throat with shouting, if your heart does not beat with love, your religion falls to the ground like a withered leaf in autumn.
Wayne W. Dyer, Inspiration: Your Ultimate Calling|If you value your relationship or friendship, your ego won't stand in the way of a meaningful apology.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Humor relieves the tension between what we see or desire but repress in order to sustain a survivable illusion about the world we live in. As such it's always potent stuff, and dangerous.
Gin Wigmore|I tell people a lot of times, if you want to be a part of something, you never know, you kind of just have to be around. A lot of people don't really have the patience for it, and they don't stick around. Dre and I are still working together, and we have plenty of music for the future.
Kelly Armstrong|It made a romantic tale. The young rouge, cheating death, returning to his grieving lover. But in reality? Ashyn had always known life did not resemble one of her book stories or Moria's bard tales, and yet there was a part of her that hoped it did. The more she saw, the more she realized she was wrong. People made up stories because that is what they wanted from their world. A place where goodness, kindness, and honor were rewarded. They were not rewarded. The people of Edgewood could attest to that. - Sea Of Shadows
Oscar De La Hoya|In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|And Peter laughed, and when he did, all the Devils grinned, because Peter's laugh was a most contagious thing.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Don't forget who your heroes are, what they mean to you, and why they mean that to you.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Surprise was not when i thanked my parents. Surprise came when they said, "What for"?
Jane Yolen, Take Joy: A Writer's Guide to Loving the Craft|I contend that good children's stories are always about the Getting of Wisdom. That's another way of saying, "Let your characters grow. Up." And good stories for adults are about the Holding of Wisdom. Another way of saying, "Recognize you are grown up.
Filippo Brunelleschi|Sculptures created from found materials like ice and thorns, driftwood, and even bleached kangaroo bones all presuppose that artistic design will yield to the cycles of time and climate, whether over an hour or a decade.
Kathy Trithardt|His terror became his companion. When it seemed to diminish, or grow easier to bear, he forced himself to remember the details of what he had said and done so that his fears returned, redoubled. His previous life, which had been without fear, he now dismissed as an illusion since he had come to believe that only in fear could the truth be found. When he woke from sleep without anxiety, he asked himself, What is wrong? What is missing? And then his door opened slowly, and a child put its head around and gazed at him: there are wheels, Ned thought, wheels within wheels. The curtains were now always closed, for the sun horrified him: he was reminded of a film he had seen some time before, and how the brightness of the noonday light had struck the water where a man, in danger of drowning, was struggling for his life.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|There was only one catch and that was Catch-22, which specified that a concern for one's safety in the face of dangers that were real and immediate was the process of a rational mind. Orr was crazy and could be grounded. All he had to do was ask; and as soon as he did, he would no longer be crazy and would have to fly more missions. Orr would be crazy to fly more missions and sane if he didn't, but if he was sane he had to fly them. If he flew them he was crazy and didn't have to; but if he didn't want to he was sane and had to. Yossarian was moved very deeply by the absolute simplicity of this clause of Catch-22 and let out a respectful whistle."That's some catch, that Catch-22," he observed."It's the best there is," Doc Daneeka agreed.
Anthony Trollope, The Small House at Allington|I will not be "famous," "great." I will go on adventuring, changing, opening my mind and my eyes, refusing to be stamped and stereotyped. The thing is to free one's self: to let it find its dimensions, not be impeded.
Turkish Proverb|As budget cuts cripple civilian agencies and programs, they lose their ability to perform ad they once did, so we look to the military to pick up the slack. . . . This requires still higher military budgets, which continues the devastating cycle.
Laurell K. Hamilton|Sex is like crying, it does look pretty if you really do it
Nate Berkus|As he approached his 28th birthday in February 1840, Dickens knew himself to be famous, successful and tired. He needed a rest, and he made up his mind to keep the year free of the pressure of producing monthly installments of yet another long novel.
Angela Parkhurst, Forget Me Not|At the end of the day, I fight for those who cannot fight for themselves. If that makes me an outlaw, so be it. I’ve been called worse.
John Bunyan|Just as Christian came up to the Cross, his burden loosed from off his shoulders, fell from off his back, and began to tumble down the hill, and so it continued to do till it came to the mouth of the sepulchre. There it fell in, and I saw it no more!
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|we enjoy the peace we find today because people in past generations were appalled by the violence in their time and worked to reduce it, and so we should work to reduce the violence that remains in our time.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|A tiny cage of butterflies suddenly buzzed around the inside of her gut. Her superhot professor wanted to take a nighttime stroll with her and he was offering her his jacket. Before she could decide whether she wanted to be the type of girl who did that sort of thing with her professor, which was clearly inappropriate, she grasped the leather jacket in her hands and slipped it on. Aw, shucks, who was she kidding? She totally was that kind of girl.
Anton Chekhov|If you start to revise before you've reached the end, you're likely to begin dawdling with the revisions and putting off the difficult task of writing.
Maureen Johnson, The Madness Underneath|Beauty is what we have seen and what we are going to see in the future. It is the totality of physical, emotional and biological structures we have created within generations intentionally or unintentionally for our enjoyment and satisfaction. We consider ourselves beautiful, because we have seen it and imagine for thousands of years. If we had five feet, nine eyes and twenty fingers we still were beautiful.
Aimee Bender, The Girl in the Flammable Skirt|Oh yes", said the old woman, "but I've heard these so-called stoves are by no means all they are supposed to be. I never saw a stove in my day, and yet never ailed a thing, at least as long as I could really be called alive, except for nettle rash one night when I was in my fifteenth year.. It was caused by some fresh fish that the boys used to catch in the lakes thereabouts." The man did not answer for a while, but lay pondering the medical history of this incredible old creature who, without ever setting eyes on a stove, had suffered almost no ailments in the past sixty-five years.
Stephen King|Virtue has a veil, vice a mask.
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|Kate lost a mother," I said, "but I lost a nothing."Kate doesn't feel that way," Jack assured me.But what about everybody else besides Kate? How can I ever explain to anyone what she was when she and I had no name? People need names for everything. I wasn't a relative or a friend, I was just an object of her kindness.". I buried my face in his shoulder.True kindness is stabilizing," I went on. "When you feel it and when you express it, it becomes the whole meaning of things. Like all there is to achieve. It's life, demystified. A place out of self, a network of simple pleasures, not a waltz, but like whirls within a waltz."You're the one now," Jack said definitively. "That's why you met her. She had something she had to pass on." (p. 95)
Thomas Babington Macaulay|Then none was for a party;Then all were for the state;Then the great man helped the poor,And the poor man loved the great;Then lands were fairly proportioned;Then spoils were fairly sold;The Romans were like brothersIn the brave days of old.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Once you get off the bandwagon of believing that truth is your enemy and is bad news with all kinds of associated unhappy obligations, you can then afford to take it on with some enthusiasm and start to have some fun with it. You can begin to trust yourself and play with mystery and big questions without the need for a crutch of an answer to lean on and sell to others (“Here you go, this crutch worked for me.”). And you then begin to see these big words, like imagination, fearlessness and truth as signposts to more fun, instead of the reverse as you do now. To start the engine, just follow what you yearn for, make a contract with that which compels you, and fulfill the trust of that contract through choice and action.
Solange Knowles|I'm very sad 'Life' wasn't a big hit, But it was undone by politics at NBC. It was intense. I moved my wife, and we had two children back to back. So working those hours and living abroad in L.A. was a handful. But it was a great experience.
Debasish Mridha|To get to a destination, you have to know the address. To find your purpose in life, you must set a goal, draw a map, and start the journey.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|You think your smarter and braver than anyone?, well,, think again, you don't always win from the battle you're in.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Reading, writing, eating and sleeping; either makes you crazy or scholar.
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|perhaps the problem of evil is a human problem, one of an egotistical mind-set, an anthropocentric bent in our thinking and perspective.
Sarra Manning, Kiss and Make Up|I smile. I smile all the time, but you're just not around to see it these days".
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|I was very much provoked. Of course, I knew there are no fairies; but that needn't prevent my thinking there is.
Tom Walsh, Just for Today, The Expanded Edition|It seems that many of us have the goal of making other people conform to our desires and expectations, whether or not we would admit to such a thing. We see this especially in parents who get upset because their children don’t conform to their expectations, but instead follow a pattern of development that is unique and individual. We often use language with peers and colleagues that encourages them to change their ways of doing things to our ways of doing things: “You should” and “You ought to” are usually presented as advice, but in the end they really are about changing someone else’s ways of doing things. And we may offer this “advice” in a spirit of love and helpfulness, but we can be much more helpful when we help them to find their own ways of changing things. It can be incredibly freeing to spend an entire day not looking to try to change the behaviors, beliefs, or attitudes of other human beings. If we approach life in this way, we may learn much about the other people in our lives instead of trying to make them be like us.
Leon R. Kass|I am in a profession that has succeeded because of its ability to fix. If your problem is fixable, we know just what to do. But if it’s not? The fact that we have had no adequate answers to this question is troubling and has caused callousness, inhumanity, and extraordinary suffering.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Czech: Řekni mi, co čteš, a já ti řeknu, kdo jsi.English: Tell me what you read, and I'll tell you who you are.First president of Czechoslovakia.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|Marriage would change hardly anything between us, except that we would end our arguments in a much more satisfying way. And of course I would have extensive legal rights over your body, your property, and all your individual freedoms, but I don't see what's so alarming about that.
Callie Hart, Calico|Let's go old school to impress people. Wear a smile, rather than a branded dress. Crease out our differences with understanding. And, use empathy, care, and patience as accessories. Then, let's make a conversation, not talk. Ah, what a fine world it would be! Fine, pure and minus artifice.
Sunday Adelaja|Those gifts and talents, which are incorporated in you and have not yet been implemented, make your potential
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|But dying is for the sweetest ones. And he remembers sweetness, when life was sweet, and sweetly he was given that other lifetime.
Eva Scoutt, The Intern|He told her over and over how beautiful she was but, to her, his beauty was beyond any words she would ever be able to speak.
Dennis R. Miller|Revenge in the hands of your enemies is a loaded gun. You can beg them for mercy, wave the white flag of surrender, but the only true elixir for the vitriol they bestow is a measure of hatred dispensed of your own.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|Nobody wants to worship you if you have the same problems, the same bad breath and messy hair and hangnails, as a regular person. You have to be everything regular people aren’t. Where they fail, you have to go all the way. Be what people are too afraid to be. Become whom they admire. People shopping for a messiah want quality. Nobody is going to follow a loser. When it comes to choosing a savior, they won't settle for just a human being.
Catherine Bailey, Black Diamonds: The Rise and Fall of an English Dynasty|[T]here are no illnesses in nature, only relationships. There are, of course, naturally occurring events, including infectious viruses, malignant growths, ruptures of tissues, and unusual chromosome constellations, but these are not ipso facto illnesses. Without the social meaning that humans attach to them they do not constitute illness or disease: The fracture of a septuagenarian's femur has, within the world of nature, so more significance than the snapping of an autumn leaf from its twig; and the invasion of a human organism by cholera germs carries with it no more the stamp of "illness" than the souring of milk by other forms of bacteria. (Sedgwick, 1972, p. 211)
Derek Blasberg|The holidays are my favorite time of year! Christmas was always one of the biggest celebrations in Sweden, and I look forward to the festivities each year.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I am a bit old fashion but I believe in prayer, I believe prayer can move mountain. Prayer might not be our responsibility but it is a good starting place. It can give us heaven's prospectives on human problems. I know we need to do a bit more than pray but that doesn't mean we don't need to pray.
Truth Devour, Wantin|Our fated untainted soul gives us free reign, only doth backward pull our clouded minds when we ourselves falsely protect from pain.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Go for the love that sets you free, not the love that destroys you from inside.
Nurudeen Ushawu|I can see education is everywhere, and many people were educated. But I realize that common sense is not that common.
Dada Bhagwan|The mind that does inner intentions (bhaav-mann) is the ‘charge’ mind. The mind that is getting exhausted (dravya-mann) is the ‘discharge’ mind. Bhaav-mann creates the worldly life. Dravya-mann brings an end to the worldly life. When egoism goes away, bhaav-mann vanishes.
Brima Lamin & Chantale Wesley-Lamin, The Walk - Memoir of a Liberian Civil War Survivor, 2016|He was a nobody. Yet and still, he held the gun and therfore all of the power.
Bill O'Reilly|I failed eighth grade twice, and then they moved me up to ninth grade. Then I failed that and dropped out. My teacher would hand me a test, and I'd grade it myself with an F, then put my head down on the desk.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Rules for navigating the net, Or people will roll their eye Lest you can't roll the R rect: Literally, don´t dink and dive!
Edmund Burke, Speech on Conciliation with America|if one of two or more joint wrongdoers has to pay all the damages, he cannot recover contribution from his fellows.
Jack Dangermond|Once I tried to make a standardization of staircases. Probably that is one of the oldest of the standardizations. Of course, we design new staircase steps every day in connection with all our houses, but a standardized step depends on the height of the buildings and on all kinds of things.
Rachel B. Glaser, Paulina & Fran|Fools – in other words most people – imagine that it would be a wonderful achievement to be able to recover our youth; but those who know life are aware how little it would profit us. ("A Woman's Vengeance")
Melania Trump|I usually decide what to wear in the morning, but sometimes, I'll have a favorite coat or sweater or shoes, and I'll wear them everyday for a week!
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Say thank you for a beautiful life and be grateful for the small things of life which are miracles we have actually got used to. Gratitude banishes negativity from your life, brings happiness and you start living in abundance and attract more love and prosperity because of the way you think about your life.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Any thought sequence that minimizes anxiety would get reinforced over time. The sequence would be maintained during the person’s development and would be provoked in contexts where refutation of the belief might occur. So, any kind of refutation of a person’s religious beliefs makes the beliefs only stronger.
Seid Šabanović|An exaltation of spirit lifted me, as it were, far above the earth and the sinful creatures crawling on its surface; and I deemed myself as an eagle among the children of men, soaring on high, and looking down with pity and contempt on the grovelling creatures below.
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|I try hard not to judge anyone, and I try to bless everyone who is a part of my life, particularly anyone with whom I am having any problems
Elinor Wylie|I love bright words, words up and singing early;Words that are luminous in the dark, and sing;Warm lazy words, white cattle under trees;I love words opalescent, cool, and pearly,Like midsummer moths, and honied words like bees, Gilded and sticky, with a little sting.
Hassan Nasrallah|Are hackers a threat? The degree of threat presented by any conduct, whether legal or illegal, depends on the actions and intent of the individual and the harm they cause.
Harold Brodkey|Joshie has always told Post Human Services Staff to keep a diary, to remember who we were because every moment, our brains and synapses are being rebuilt and rewired with maddening disregard for our personalities, so that each year, each month, each day, we transfer into a different person, an utterly unfaithful iteration of our original selves, of the drooling kid in the sandbox. But not me. I am still a facsimile of my early childhood. I am still looking for a loving dad to lift me up and brush the sand off my ass and to hear English, calm and hurtless, fall off his lips.
David Abram, The Spell of the Sensuous: Perception and Language in a More-Than-Human World|We are human only in contact, and conviviality, with what is not human.
Rose Wynters, Delicate Devastation|No wonder she was so underweight. She was desperate to please a woman that could never be pleased, in the hopes of being loved and accepted by the very person that should be giving that freely.
Ariel Gordon|Two things consistently bring me pleasure: hot sweet tea and writing. Which is not to say that either are particularly good for me…I use entirely too much sugar and so far don’t find sucralose to be a good alternative. Also, writing is not a practice that engenders confidence. Quite the opposite. It’s about making yourself deliberately insecure so that you can write the next thing and have it be worth reading.And that’s not even taking into consideration the business end of things, which can make you bitter if you’re not careful…But I’ve spent my the bulk of my life to date figuring out the right mix of fat and sugar in my tea and also, how to get incrementally better (I hope…) at the writing, so I’m not giving it/them up!
Pablo Neruda|I will show her that loving her is my greatest truth, and the most beautiful thing I have ever known. ” — Gem
Dacha Avelin|In such uncommon longings, hidden in plain sight in our lives, does God call us.
Khaled Hosseini|and every day I thank [God] that I am alive, not because I fear death, but because my wife has a husband and my son is not an orphan.
John Updike|Energy, like the biblical grain of the mustard-seed, will remove mountains.
Deyth Banger|Off this fucking predictable soap opera, this will happen now, then that, then that and you say that you are christian and you start watching series of Turkey people which believe in a very different god so far god of hell - Allah...
Ramana Pemmaraju|The more I try to understand one very peculiar aspect of women, it seems clear to me that apart from the beauty or the sensuous state that women command over men, there is an interiority, lesser known to the masses which is more of agony and pain - a resultant effort of the continuous mood swings and the frequent natural cycles that buoy them, it is in this state that women function and calibrate on this basis in selecting their soul mate and not the usual histrionics that men take effort in pleasing them!
Madeleine L'Engle|Life is not easy and comfortable, with nothing ever going wrong as long as you buy the right product. It's not true that if you have the right insurance everything is going to be fine. That's not what it's really like. Terrible things happen. And those are the things we learn from.
Zooey Deschanel|After the first day of practice, there's not one guy who's playing at 100 percent or who feels great. Sometimes, getting up in the morning and brushing your teeth is the hardest part of the day - it just hurts.
Simon Singh, Trick or Treatment: The Undeniable Facts about Alternative Medicine|Perhaps the greatest danger in the way that alternative therapists behave is simply the promotion of their own treatments when patients should be in the care of a conventional doctor. There are numerous reports of patients with serious conditions (e.g. diabetes, cancer, AIDS) suffering harm after following irresponsible advice form alternative practitioners instead of following the advice of a doctor.
Amanda Ashton-Booth|Change is your gateway to opportunity, opportunities will lead you to a new and fulfilling life.
Pierce Brosnan|I'm a very loyal boyfriend. I'm a bit of a joker... I can be romantic, but not too sickly.
Walker Percy, Love in the Ruins|Lord, grant that my work increase knowledge and help other men. Failing that, Lord, grant that it will not lead to man’s destruction. Failing that, Lord, grant that my article in Brain be published before the destruction takes place.
Sylvia Earle|From a certain age, I sort of accepted myself for what I was. And although to other people it was like nothing ever goes right, I had a really nice attitude that I'd inherited from my parents, and especially from my dad.
Alfusainey jallow|She'd put her teeth in his heart, long ago, and he'd left the print there, evidence that he wanted her love. That he returned it.
Lawrence Martin, Harperland: The Politics Of Control|If the rules make such a difference, then it becomes very important who gets to make them.
Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn|Do the things I never did. Swear. Wear neon colours. Skydive. Climb fences. Ride horses naked. Say obscene things. Make love. Shout at people when they piss you off. Toot your horn. Scream. Become tainted and be proud of it. It’s who you are. You came into this world naked and blank, like a canvass, but I want you to go screaming out of it covered in every colour of the rainbow.
Mary Zimmerman, Metamorphoses|Let me die the moment my love dies. Let me not outlive my own capacity to love. Let me die still loving, and so, never die.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The smaller the item of gratitude, the purer is the connection to our heart.
A.E. Housman, More Poems|Under the ground seep the toxins of the population that lives above. If you have to, you will eat roots and earthworms. It is always night. Candles burn in lanterns made from tin cans. When it is nighttime up above, you can crawl out, but only for a little while. You feel ashamed of your matted hair, your torn clothes, the dirt on your face. Who would want to speak to you? They are all shiny and pretty. They have parents and house with gardens. What do you have? The earth. Whole handfuls of it. The lizard people with their slit eyes and scaly skin. Your loneliness. Your longing.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|That's the thing I'm learning about being thrown out on yer own. Nobody does nothing for you. If you don't change it, it don't get changed.
Meagan Spooner, These Broken Stars|The stars were so simple when she was a kid, a smattering of glowing dust circling the Earth. She did not then know that each was a sun, most considerably more massive than the daylight one she knew.
Andrew Murray|Humility is perfect quietness of heart. It is to expect nothing, to wonder at nothing that is done to me, to feel nothing done against me. It is to be at rest when nobody praises me, and when I am blamed or despised. It is to have a blessed home in the Lord, where I can go in and shut the door, and kneel to my Father in secret, and am at peace as in a deep sea of calmness, when all around and above is trouble.
Marilyn Monroe|I have feelings too. I am still human. All I want is to be loved, for myself and for my talent. 
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Personal tranquility consists in the orderly structuring of the mind, which occurs whenever a person engages in the exquisite practice of contemplating personal experiences, harmonizing time spent with other people, reading great books, and working on self-improvement.
David Dark|Religion isn't best understood primarily as a collection of beliefs held by backward people with fear and trembling for most of human history (religion as brainwash). It is rather, among other things, a scriptorium of beleaguered witness, a record of collated information, both fragmentary and sometimes systematic, with which we may feel compelled to reckon as it somehow, across history, reckons with us, an inheritance, if you like, of difficult wisdom.
Judith Merkle Riley, The Oracle Glass|Why the Romans, Father?" I asked him one afternoon. "Because, my child, they teach us how to bear suffering in a world of injustice where all faith is dead," he answered.
James Pedigo|I might be old and ugly now, but you started that way, Jack.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|No child, no matter what path they may have chosen, should be abandoned by the people who should love them the most. When two people come together and make the conscious decision to create a life, they have an obligation to protect and love that child until death.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|A few years after I gave some lectures for the freshmen at Caltech (which were published as the Feynman Lectures on Physics), I received a long letter from a feminist group. I was accused of being anti-women because of two stories: the first was a discussion of the subtleties of velocity, and involved a woman driver being stopped by a cop. There's a discussion about how fast she was going, and I had her raise valid objections to the cop's definitions of velocity. The letter said I was making the women look stupid. The other story they objected to was told by the great astronomer Arthur Eddington, who had just figured out that the stars get their power from burning hydrogen in a nuclear reaction producing helium. He recounted how, on the night after his discovery, he was sitting on a bench with his girlfriend. She said, "Look how pretty the stars shine!" To which he replied, "Yes, and right now, I'm the only man in the world who knows how they shine." He was describing a kind of wonderful loneliness you have when you make a discovery. The letter claimed that I was saying a women is incapable of understanding nuclear reactions. I figured there was no point in trying to answer their accusations in detail, so I wrote a short letter back to them: "Don't bug me, Man!
L.J Vanier|We are all spiritual beings, having a spiritual experience, while in physical bodies. What this means is that we continue to be through eternity, always changing and expanding. When we accept this, we realize that there are no limitations, other than those that we impose upon ourselves. Mastery is within our power—if we wish it to be.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Programming means your mindset, thought processes and frame of reference must be correctly wired and mapped to enable the incubation of thoughts and ideas that lead to success. Your subconscious mind is key in this process and will always look for ways and means, night and day, to fulfil and implement the thoughts that are always fed into it. It is your faithful servant. I call it the connection between God and man. It is an essential part of the human spirit.
Ambrose Bierce|When modeling agencies were saying that I was too big and gaining weight, my mom said, 'OK, we're going to discuss what they're saying over pizza, and we're going to plan the future of your career which doesn't involve you having to be skinny.'
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|Nor do I like being told upsetting news—unless there is a good reason. I can’t help but feel that there is an element of cruelty, if not sadism, in friends telling one another upsetting things for no reason except to observe their reactions.
Holly Hood|Never been more truthful then right now, looking at you fixes everything.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|Those dreaming of the perfect match are outnumbered by those who don't really want it at all, though perhaps they can't admit it. After all, our culture makes individual freedom, autonomy and fulfillment the very highest values, and thoughtful people know deep down that any love relationship at all means the loss of all three. You can say, 'I want someone who will accept me just as I am,' but in your heart of hearts you know that you are not perfect, that there are plenty of things about you that need to be changed, and that anyone who gets to know you up close and personal will want to change them.
Peter Gasser|A photograph is a click away. A good photograph is a hundred clicks away and a better one, a thousand clicks away
Paris Reidhead|If I had my way, I would declare a moratorium on public preaching of 'the plan of salvation' in America for one to two years. Then I would call on everyone who has use of the airwaves and the pulpits to preach the holiness of God, the righteousness of God, and the Law of God until sinners would cry out, 'What must we do to be saved?" Then I would take them off in a corner and whisper the gospel to them. Don't use John 3:16. Such drastic action is needed because we have a gospel hardened generation of sinners by telling them how to be saved before they have any understanding why they need to be saved.
Bruce L. Shelley, Church History in Plain Language|If we see some admirable work of human art, we are at once eager to investigate the nature, the manner, the end of its production; and the contemplation of the works of God stirs us with an incomparably greater longing to learn the principles, the method, the purpose of creation. This desire, this passion, has without doubt been implanted in us by God. And as the eye seeks light, as our body craves food, so our mind is impressed with the . . . natural desire to know the truth of God and the causes of what we observe." --Origen(185-254)
Ronnie McBrayer, The Jesus Tribe: Following Christ in the Land of the Empire|We preach grace, but we don’t always practice it. We talk about God’s mercy, but we don’t always want the people who need it most to know it or get in on it. We say we are in the redemption business, but the door to that redemption is often locked by us from the inside. We say, “Come in! All are welcome!” but “all” is often marked with an asterisk. How, I ask, can the world change – how can heaven come to earth – if we stingily protest against God for his grace to others, grace we have freely received ourselves? How can we pray “thy kingdom come,” and be resentful toward God and those he allows to enter the kingdom in his way and his timing?
Ellen Hopkins, Burned|Maturity is when you're able to say, 'It's not just them. It's me.
Dudley Young|A five-word sentence that could change the world tomorrow is "What would love do now?"
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|You’ll have days of complete lack of faith in your abilities. But you have to keep coming back. That’s when you know you’re a writer – when you take the failures and appear at the desk again, over and over again.
Steve Maraboli|To determine not to think of it was but to think of it still, to suffer from it still.
J.K. Rowling|You don’t get to rewind your life like a tape and splice it back together, pretending it never knotted and tore, when it did and you know it did.
Peggi Speers, The Inspired Caregiver: Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|Poverty Effeciency Syndrome are multiple negative poverty effects (Self induced effects,acquired,inherited..)
William Paul Young, The Shack|...if anything matters then everything matters. Because you are important, everything you do is important. Every time you forgive, the universe changes; every time you reach out and touch a heart or a life, the world changes; with every kindness and service, seen or unseen, my purposes are accomplished and nothing will be the same again.
William James|Always take all the time to reflect that circumstances permit, but when the time for action has come, stop thinking. (Andrew Jackson)
Auliq-Ice|Life doesn't give you much, but for the ones who want to learn, life teaches them how to be strong before they start living their lives instead of just existing in this world.
Mary Tornyenyor|Flame itself is something that produces light via a chemical reaction, its not an opaque object unless its a very sooty flame.May i not have sooth in me Lord. MAY I BE A LIGHT WHEREVER I BE
Mitch Albom|While Leo fussed over his helm controls, Hazel and Frank relayed the story of the fish-centaurs and their training camp.'Incredible,' Jason said. 'These are really good brownies.''That's your only comment?' Piper demanded.He looked surprised. 'What? I heard the story. Fish-centaurs. Merpeople. Letter of intro to the Tiber River god. Got it. But these brownies--''I know,' Frank said, his mouth full. 'Try them with Ester's peach preserves.''That,' Hazel said, 'is incredibly disgusting.''Pass me the jar, man,' Jason said.Hazel and Piper exchanged a look of total exasperation. Boys.
Dominique Vandorien|This love beyond time and space, it knows only it's own truth." Immortalis Amor, Darkest Secrets
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Delight and cheer in life, and let it uplift and inspire you. Spread happiness.
Sam Killermann|Loneliness is a poison, but aloneness is a catalyst.
Ian Anderson|I Like this quote I dislike this quote“My house is run, essentially, by an adopted, fully clawed cat with a mean nature.
H.W. Brands|It is more important to me that my students come out of my class believing 'This story is interesting and I might want to know more about it', than to fill them up with information. If I can remind them or convince them that history is interesting then I feel I have succeeded, because unlike chemistry or physics, history is a subject that anyone can teach themselves, if they are interested."[
Wendy Werneth|Spain is more vegan-friendly than you've been led to believe. The truth is, most places are.
Nina Guilbeau|When you lose someone, you get used to living day to day without them. But you’ll never get used to the “10 second heartbreak.” That’s the time it takes to wake to full consciousness each day and remember…
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|A neon-pink 3 flickered and instantly disappeared again into the dark. The sight of it on my own device now made me sick. I held my finger down on the menu screen; each little app logo began to vibrate. I deleted the 3. I contemplated deleting everything. Cleaning it all away. The idea had a charm, a self-cancellation, many little suicides, a way to dispatch myself without actually going anywhere.
Elizabeth Gaskell|...I know I was wrong. If i could go back and do it over, I would. I wish I could undo it all."I know that." Grandma reached over and put a twisted hand on hers. "'Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow.' Isaiah one eighteen."I've done terrible things."Don't make no difference. You can't out-sin the cross.
Carl Sagan|In that case, on behalf of Earthlife, I urge that, with full knowledge of our limitations, we vastly increase our knowledge of the Solar System and then begin to settle other worlds.
Jane Yolen, A Sending of Dragons|You've got some power," Jakkin said. "One hug—and the lights go out!
Claire Danes|I went to my son's graduation this weekend, and I heard a great quote I've never heard before from Albert Einstein. It was that the greatest danger to the world is not the bad people but it's the good people who don't speak out.
Lady Gaga|My new album that I'm creating, which is finished pretty much, was written with this new instinctual energy that I've developed getting to know my fans. They protect me, so now it's my destiny to protect them.
Sonny Perdue|If it's a good idea, go ahead and do it. It's much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.
Mohiro Kitoh, Bokurano: Ours, Vol. 8|I don't really know a whole lot about complicated, worldly things. But I think parents and siblings, they need to be able to care for each other unconditionally. How many people could you risk your life to protect? Not that many, I bet. Everyone's top priority is taking care of themselves. But if there's anyone who can overcome that, it's flesh and blood. If you understand that feeling, then you can look at other people, and realize, this person's family cares about them, too. That's a really heavy feeling. When you think about that, it becomes a lot harder to do horrible things to them. So I think that love for your family....is really at the root of what it means to care for other people.
Joseph Heller, Catch 22|So many things were testing his faith. There was the Bible, of course, but the Bible was a book, and so were Bleak House, Treasure Island, Ethan Frome and The Last of the Mohicans. Did it then seem probable, as he had once overheard Dunbar ask, that the answers to riddles of creation would be supplied by people too ignorant to understand the mechanics of rainfall? Had Almighty God, in all His infinite wisdom, really been afraid that men six thousand years ago would succeed in building a tower to heaven?
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I must court her now,' said the Prince. 'Leave us alone for a minute.' He rode the white expertly down the hill.	Buttercup had never seen such a giant beast. Or such a rider.	'I am your Prince and you will marry me,' Humperdinck said.	Buttercup whispered, 'I am your servant and I refuse.'	'I am your Prince and you cannot refuse.'	'I am your loyal servant and I just did.'	'Refusal means death.'	'Kill me then.'	'I am your Prince and I’m not that bad — how could you rather be dead than married to me?'	'Because,' Buttercup said, 'marriage involves love, and that is not a pastime at which I excel. I tried once, and it went badly, and I am sworn never to love another.' 	'Love?' said Prince Humperdinck. 'Who mentioned love? Not me, I can tell you. Look: there must always be a male heir to the throne of Florin. That’s me. Once my father dies, there won’t be an heir, just a king. That’s me again. When that happens, I’ll marry and have children until there is a son. So you can either marry me and be the richest and most powerful woman in a thousand miles and give turkeys away at Christmas and provide me a son, or you can die in terrible pain in the very near future. Make up your own mind.'	'I’ll never love you.'	'I wouldn’t want it if I had it.'	'Then by all means let us marry.
Chris Hedges, American Fascists: The Christian Right and the War On America|The split in America, rather than simply economic, is between those who embrace reason, who function in the real world of cause and effect, and those who, numbed by isolation and despair, now seek meaning in a mythical world of intuition, a world that is no longer reality-based, a world of magic.
Hugh MacLeod, Ignore Everybody: and 39 Other Keys to Creativity|If your business plan depends on suddenly being "discovered" by some big shot, your plan will probably fail. Nobody suddenly discovers anything. Things are made slowly and in pain.
Muni Natarajan|In the monastery, you are always in some kind of a situation where you are pressured so that your worst qualities come up. But you actually want that to happen so you can deal with them
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|... whatever family name has been given to a case of depression, it has an objective in common with all its kind: to sabotage the network of emotions you had come to identify as the composition of yourself. It is then you discover that your “old self” is not the substantial and inviolable thing you thought it was, nor was the rest of your “old” reality.
Onyi Anyado|The joy and laughter and youth they brought was an antidote to the somberness enveloping his flat, the hours when he felt the very walls and ceilings were encrusted with the distress of of unhappy decades
Didier Anzieu, Le Corps De L'oeuvre|Reading is, with friendship, one of the surest contributions to the work of grieving. It helps us, more generally, to grieve for the limitations of our life, the limitations of the human condition.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: How Silicon Valley, the Navy SEALs, and Maverick Scientists Are Revolutionizing the Way We Live and Work|Several serious medical studies and entire referenced books show that lowering cholesterol with medications did NOT reduce the number of deaths by stroke nor the amount of sickness, including heart attacks and (Atkins, Herbert, TW, Suurbula, Ravnskov, Smith). In addition, some commonly prescribed cholesterol-lowering drugs actually lowered the good HDL cholesterol as well (Johansson), putting you at higher risk of an early heart attack.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sweet pleasure of prayer, the grace of the soul.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Magical|Hmm," she said. "'Curiouser and curiouser,' to quote Alice.
Rahul Dravid|Just as the Internet drops transaction and collaboration costs in business and government, it also drops the cost of dissent, of rebellion, and even insurrection.
William Ernest Henley, Echoes of Life and Death;|Find the Grace in the things you can’t change, and help somebody if you can.
Shamus McCarty, Texas Biker Zombies From Outer Space|What makes us the strongest tribe on the continent is the fact that a group that opposes these values--a group that would have mankind remain in the new dark ages--is permitted to grow, permitted to exist...and, after it becomes a violent terrorist organization, is allowed to live on it own lands, taken out of the lands of those it has attacked and continues to attack!" He had to stop speaking then--the applause was louder than even his amplified voice. "They expect that fear will drive us to become like them...closed-minded, blind, angry. Our society will remain open and free so long as I am standing upright," he continued, once the applause died down.
Samuel Richardson, Clarissa, or, the History of a Young Lady|The Piper is coming nearer," he said, "he is nearer than he was that evening I saw him before. His long, shadowy cloak is blowing around him. He pipes - he pipes - and we must follow - Jem and Carl and Jerry and I - round and round the world. Listen - listen - can't you hear his wild music?
Rei Kawakubo|There's a lot of shoes that people consider high-end fashion, from Balenciaga to this and that or whatever, and the Pro Models are very similar to me. They're very fashionable to me - the design and the shape of them. I just like them.
Sierra Lawrimore|Something to remember... You only get one chance to grow and live, so make it Beautiful!
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Making a decision takes a moment, living a decision takes a life-time.
Philip G. Zimbardo, Man, Interrupted: Why Young Men Are Struggling & What We Can Do about It|Western societies want men to be upstanding, proactive citizens who take responsibility for themselves, who work with others to improve their communities and nation as a whole. The irony is that society is not giving the support, guidance, means, or places for these young men even to be motivated or interested in aspiring to these goals. In fact, society - from politics to the media to the classroom to our very own families - is a major contributor to this demise because it is inhibiting young men's intellectual, creative, and social abilities right from the start. And the irony is only compounded by the fact that men play such a powerful part in society, which means they are effectively denying their younger counterparts the opportunity to thrive.
Sherwood Smith|Teen fiction should be about teenagers - no matter how many arguments there are about what YA lit should be, this seems like the one thing we can all agree on.
Mahatma Gandhi|If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Then my sole relief was to walk along the corridor of the third storey, backwards and forwards, safe in the silence and solitude of the spot, and allow my mind's eye to dwell on whatever bright visions rose before it - and, certainly, they were many and glowing; to let my heart be heaved by the exultant movement, which, while it swelled it in trouble, expanded it with life; and, best of all, to open my inward ear to a tale that was never ended - a tale my imagination created, and narrated continuously; quickened with all of incident, life, fire, feeling, that I desired and had not in my actual existence.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|Have you never thought how danger must surround power as shadow does light? This sorcery is not a game we play for pleasure or for praise. Think of this: that every word, every act of our Art is said and is done either for good, or for evil. Before you speak or do you must know the price that is to pay!
|No one has ever changed the outcomes of the future by constantly worrying about it. Therefore, your goal should be to always focus on the present and give it all that you have in you.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World / Brave New World Revisited|So long as you do not achieve social liberty, whatever freedom is provided by the law is of no avail to you.
Jack Donovan, The Way of Men|When men evaluate each other as men, they still look for the same virtues that they’d need to keep the perimeter. Men respond to and admire the qualities that would make men useful and dependable in an emergency. Men have always had a role apart, and they still judge one another according to the demands of that role as a guardian in a gang struggling for survival against encroaching doom. Everything that is specifically about being a man—not merely a person—has to do with that role
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Consistently and uninterruptedly continued inflation must eventually lead to collapse. The purchasing power of money will fall lower and lower, until it eventually disappears altogether. It is true that an endless process of depredation can be imagined. We can imagine the purchasing power of money getting continually lower without ever disappearing altogether, and prices getting continually higher without it ever becoming impossible to obtain commodities in exchange for notes. Eventually this would lead to a situation in which even retail transactions were in terms of millions and billions and even higher figures; bu t the monetary system itself would remain. But such an imaginary state of affairs is hardly within the bounds of possibility. In the long run, a money which continually fell in value would have no commercial utility. It could not be used as a standard of deferred payments. For all transactions in which commodities or services were not exchanged for cash, another medium would have to be sought. In fact, a money that is continually depreciating becomes useless even for cash transactions. Everybody attempts to minimize his cash reserves, which are a source of continual loss.
Albert Jay Nock|It was Thomas Edison who brought us electricity, not the Sierra Club. It was the Wright brothers who got us off the ground, not the Federal Aviation Administration. It was Henry Ford who ended the isolation of millions of Americans by making the automobile affordable, not Ralph Nader. Those who have helped the poor the most have not been those who have gone around loudly expressing 'compassion' for the poor, but those who found ways to make industry more productive and distribution more efficient, so that the poor of today can afford things that the affluent of yesterday could only dream about.
Miyakahi Hayao|I do not know where to go, but I have been on the road.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|All the labor of all the ages, all the devotion, all the inspiration, all the noonday brightness of human genius are destined to extinction. So now, my friends, if that is true, and it is true, what is the point?
Debasish Mridha|There is only one truth, and that is love, all others are a byproduct.
Pierce Brosnan|My dad always told me to stand up to bullies, and Bill O'Reilly is kind of a bully, and he's the kind of kid who hits other kids on the playground. And when you hit him, he runs to the teacher and says, 'Teacher, sue him.'
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I saw the years of my life spaced along a road in the form of telephone poles threaded together by wires. I counted one, two, three... nineteen telephone poles, and then the wires dangled into space, and try as I would, I couldn't see a single pole beyond the nineteenth.
Samuel P. Huntington, The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order|Arabs and other Muslims generally agreed that Saddam Hussein might be a bloody tyrant, but, paralleling FDR's thinking, "he is our bloody tyrant." In their view, the invasion was a family affair to be settled within the family and those who intervened in the name of some grand theory of international justice were doing so to protect their own selfish interests and to maintain Arab subordination to the west.
Matt Dunn, The Ex-Boyfriend's Handbook|Because that's what unfaithfulness is, isn't it? A cancer that's always there in the back of your mind, eating away at the foundations of the relationship.
Garrison Keillor|If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax.
A.E. Via|Day slammed the door behind Johnson, leaving just him and his partner in the room alone. Day hit the lights.“Setting the mood, Leo?” God grinned at him.“I want to talk to you now.”“You can’t always get what you want, Leonidis,” God rebutted.“I want you,” Day said with no hesitation.The room was deathly silent. After a few long seconds God responded simply, “No you don’t.”“I do. Isn’t it obvious?” Day moved a little closer.“You don’t know what the fuck you want. I’ve watched you for four years, jumping from bed to bed and fucking your way through half of Atlanta. I have one emotional night and all of a sudden you want me…fuck you,” God said in his gruffest voice.Day’s body heated instantly at the sound. He moved even closer to where God was standing on the opposite side of the table.“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize I was supposed to be saving myself for marriage, and even more so, I didn’t realize you were a goddamn virgin. How many women have I seen you fuck in that pussy-getting truck of yours, huh?” Day lowered his voice as he stood directly in front of God. “Just tell me you didn’t feel what I did last night.” He closed the small gap, not minding God’s height at all, and looked up into electric-green eyes. “Tell me you don’t want me too, and I’ll back the fuck off.”God looked down at him and Day could see the uncertainty all over that ruggedly handsome face.“Shit’s complicated, Leo.” God’s breath ghosted across his forehead.“Make me understand, Cashel,” Day whispered and slowly brought his hands up to rest on God’s waist.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing a memoir is a holistic method of learning and healing by placing responsibility for personal transformation on the spiritual authority of the self. Writing a person’s life story is useful to gain a comprehensive understanding regarding a person’s maturation, distinctive stages of personal development, and the influences provided by their family and society. The writing processes also serves as a catharsis for painful personal events that a person seeks to integrate into their transmuting being. Writing our personal story, we discover new dimensions of our being.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|We pray for the big things and forget to give thanks for the ordinary, small (and yet really not small) gifts.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|TEIRESIAS:You have your eyes but see not where you arein sin, nor where you live, nor whom you live with.Do you know who your parents are? Unknowingyou are enemy to kith and kinin death, beneath the earth, and in this life.
Gary Herbert|I brought a Border Collie back home to Vancouver from Wales - where some of my ancestors are from - and needed to challenge him in other ways than just being my pet. So I investigated sheep herding and took a few lessons, and decided I was probably learning more than my dog!
Corrine Jackson, Ignited|You kissed me yes, But it was not just goodnight even then I could feel the promise in it. The promise that you could kiss me like that forever.
Christopher Bigsby|When today fails to offer the justification for hope, tomorrow becomes the only grail worth pursuing.
Deborah Smith, Alice at Heart|We are all bodies of water, guarding the mystery of our depths, but some of us have more to guard than others.
Ouida|God hates this wishful dreaming because it makes the dreamer proud and pretentious. Those who dream of this idealized community demand that it be fulfilled by God, by others, and by themselves. They enter the community of Christians with their demands, set up their own law, and judge one another and even God accordingly.
Vironika Tugaleva|Each person you admire is simply a reminder of your own latent excellence, your own unacknowledged beauty.
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|If you could think your way into being a weak minded individual, you could also think your way into being a strong minded person. Life is all about the repeated interpretations we place on things.
Rodrigo Duterte|Religion is part of the human make-up. It's also part of our cultural and intellectual history. Religion was our first attempt at literature, the texts, our first attempt at cosmology, making sense of where we are in the universe, our first attempt at health care, believing in faith healing, our first attempt at philosophy.
Paige Skyler|On the other side of the ledger stood the fact that fotitude was useless against it (liquor). Even the mightiest potsman, a paladin who could match tankards with a whole alehouse of swag-bellies Falstaffs and outquaff the parcel of them, would see his length measured upon the floor by less liquid than it would take to fill his hat.
Martin Jacques|Spending $1 for a brand new house would feel very, very good. Spending $1,000 for a ham sandwich would feel very, very bad. Spending $19,000 for a small family car would feel, well, more or less right. But as with physical pain, fiscal pain can depend on the individual, and everyone has a different threshold.
J.L. Carr, A Month in the Country|If I’d stayed there, would I always have been happy? No, I suppose not. People move away, grow older, die, and the bright belief that there will be another marvelous thing around each corner fades. It is now or never; we must snatch at happiness as it flies.
Sunday Adelaja|Since when has grafts, bribes to get your children into the higher institution become a Nigerian thing?
Roseanne Barr|I have to say, you know, I've seen so many people go through the cycle and become famous and not famous anymore and, you know, want - have their priorities change and want different things.
Elizabeth Kolbert|Objectivity cannot be equated with mental blankness; rather, objectivity resides in recognizing your preferences and then subjecting them to especially harsh scrutiny — and also in a willingness to revise or abandon your theories when the tests fail (as they usually do).
Debasish Mridha|Gratitude, like faith, is a muscle. The more you use it, the stronger it grows, and the more power you have to use it on your behalf. If you do not practice gratefulness, its benefaction will go unnoticed, and your capacity to draw on its gifts will be diminished. To be grateful is to find blessings in everything. This is the most powerful attitude to adopt, for there are blessings in everything.
Judy Penz Sheluk, World Enough and Crime|There are times when you have to commit a crime to prevent an even bigger one. At least, that’s what I tell myself when I can’t sleep at night.
Yolanda De Iuliis, The Memoirs of 'I'|To make one think is to change a generation, to build one thought is to grow a better world
Hideki Tojo|Within speech, words are subject to a kind of relation that is independent of the first and based on their linkage: these are syntagmatic relations, of which I have spoken.
Josi S. Kilpack, A Heart Revealed|Do not worry yourself so much. Take joy in things that are joyful, there is no harm in that.
Jay McInerney, Brightness Falls|When the evening was over, Anne could not but be amused at the idea of her coming to Lyme, to preach patience and resignation to a young man whom she had never seen before; nor could she help fearing, on more serious reflection, that, like many other great moralists and preachers, she had been eloquent on a point in which her own conduct would ill bear examination.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|He can’t take his eyes off the stars, but I can’t take mine off his face. I can see the stars reflected in his eyes, can see the wonder of it in the way his mouth opens but no sound comes out. His eyes, his face—they’re beautiful.
Michael Connelly, The Poet|There is a means to every end. A root to any cause. Sometimes the root is more evil than any cause, though it's the cause that is usually most vilified.
Lama Surya Das, Letting Go Of The Person You Used To Be|With every breath, the old moment is lost; a new moment arrives. We exhale and we let go of the old moment. It is lost to us. In doing so, we let go of the person we used to be. We inhale and breathe in the moment that is becoming. In doing so, we welcome the person we are becoming. We repeat the process. This is meditation. This is renewal. This is life.
Sam Singleton|I liked making people laugh, and I decided I was an atheist early on. My Dad was all right with that. We argued about it all the time, but it was good-natured. He was the most open-minded human being I've ever known.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|There are few things more important than being prepared—for an interview, an important meeting, selling your home, a new baby—the list goes on.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wait for You|Isabella." He pronounced my full name carefully, then playfully ruffled my hair with his free hand. A shock ran through my body at his casual touch. "Bella, I couldn't live with myself if I ever hurt you. You don't know how it's tortured me." He looked down, ashamed again. "The thought of you, still, white, cold . . . to never see you blush scarlet again, to never see that flash of intuition in your eyes when you see through my pretenses . . . it would be unendurable." he lifted his glorious, agonized eyes to mine. "You are the most important thing to me now. The most important thing to me ever.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|What is it?Nothing. I had a bad dream.What did you dream about?Nothing.Are you okay?No.He put his arms around him and held him. It's okay, he said.I was crying. But you didnt wake up.I'm sorry. I was just so tired.I meant in the dream.
Salvatore Quasimodo|There's a glorious sense of freedom in comedy, just allowing myself to tell jokes, allowing myself to interrupt myself and tell old African folk stories that I made up - or didn't - and Jamaican stories.
Nando Parrado, Miracle in the Andes|As we used to say in the mountains, "Breathe. Breathe again. With every breath, you are alive." After all these years, this still the best advice I can give you: Savor your existence. Live every moment. Do not waste a breath.
Gerard Way|Making a record is a lot like surgery without an anesthetic. You first have to cut yourself up the middle. Then you have to rip out every single organ, every single part and lay them on a table. You then need to examine the parts, and the reality of the situation hits you. You find yourself saying things like "I didn't know that part was so ugly." Or "I better get a professional opinion about that." You go to bed hollow and then back into the operating room the next day. . .facing every fear, every disgusting thing you hate about yourself. Then you pop it all back in, sew yourself shut and perform. . . you perform like your life depended on it----and in those perfect moments you find beauty you never knew existed. You find yourself and you friends all over again, you find something to fight for, something to love. Something to show the world.
Ambrose Bierce, The Moonlit Road and Other Ghost and Horror Stories|This is only a record of broken and apparently unrelated memories, some of them as distinct and sequent as brilliant beads upon a thread, others remote and strange, having the character of crimson dreams with interspaces blank and black -- witch-fires glowing still and red in a great desolation.
James Rozoff|Solitude does not necessarily mean living apart from others; rather, it means never living apart from one’s self.A Hidden Wholeness: The Journey Toward an Undivided Life
Lachman Gary Larkin Steve, The Dedalus Book of the Occult: A Dark Muse|...Newspapers, popular fiction, and magazines churned out words by the million, and the worn coins of everyday speech were less and less able to communicate anything more than the most commonplace meanings....
Michael Marshall Smith, Only Forward|We’re not the Faster-than-the-Speed-of-Light Generation anymore. We’re not even the Next-New-Thing Generation. We’re the Soon-to-Be-Obsolete Kids, and we’ve crowded in here to hide from the future and the past. We know what’s up – the future looms straight ahead like a black wrought-iron gate and the past is charging after us like a badass Doberman, only this one doesn’t have any letup in him.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|Funny way to spend your life, though, studying another chap's versifying.
Carl R. Rogers, A Way of Being|Empathy isn't just something that happens to us - a meteor shower of synapses firing across the brain - it's also a choice we make: to pay attention, to extend ourselves. It's made of exertion, that dowdier cousin of impulse. Sometimes we care for another because we know we should, or because it's asked for, but this doesn't make our caring hollow. This confession of effort chafes against the notion that empathy should always rise unbidden, that genuine means the same thing as unwilled, that intentionality is the enemy of love. But I believe in intention and I believe in work. I believe in waking up in the middle of the night and packing our bags and leaving our worst selves for our better ones.
Sheila Rowbotham, Women, Resistance and Revolution: A History of Women and Revolution in the Modern World|There is a difference between having your own movement and cutting yourself off politically from all other movements. This last form of feminist isolationism is attractive in its simplicity. It appears to offer an option which implies that you concentrate on your own struggle and wait for some absolute future when men and women have progressed towards equality. It is of course a profoundly liberal utopian notion. ‘Progress’ is seen as some kind of single linear advance towards a goal. There is no sense of a movement living and working in history, learning though a dialectical interaction of its own efforts in objective circumstances. It forgets that the consciousness of particular groups amongst the oppressed is only partial. While this consciousness must be realized and expressed in their own movement, if the attempt is not continually to extend and connect this partial consciousness to the experience of other oppressed groups, it cannot politicize itself in a revolutionary sense. It becomes locked within its own particularism.
Lindsey Kelk, I Heart New York|New York is an ugly city, a dirty city. Its climate is a scandal, its politics are used to frighten children, its traffic is madness, its competition is murderous. But there is one thing about it - once you have lived in New York and it has become your home, no place else is good enough.
Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times|I only had access to him when we were together in the library, and I loved them both -the library and my father- equally and without question.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|Good questions are those that show that you not only want the job, you are prepared to knock the ball out of the park once you have it. So ask, “What would a successful year in the job look like?” or “What did you most value in the person who left?” You’ve done a Google search of the field and the company, of course, and one of your questions could be about emerging trends. Interviewers love it when questions relate to them and their accomplishments (“I’ve heard you made some exciting changes recently. What has the outcome been?”).
Shirley Chisholm, Unbought And Unbossed|The fundamental human right, the presupposition of every other right, is the right to life itself. This is true of life from the moment of conception until its natural end. Abortion, consequently, cannot be a human right -- it is the very opposite. It is a deep wound in society.
Noah P. Woodward|What if I said, there was a way
Barbara Kellerman|Now it is easy to perceive that the moral part of love is a factitious sentiment, engendered by society, and cried up by the women with great care and address in order to establish their empire, and secure command to that sex which ought to obey.
Rosa Luxemburg|To respect law, a man carries mercy with his endeavours. To respect ethics, he moves on wasteful relationships.
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|This can’t be a coincidence, and there’s no longer any doubt in my mind.	I am in a horror story.
Marv Levy|You live with the fear people might find out. Then you actually have the courage to tell people and they go, I don't think you are gay. It's enough to drive you crazy.
Amit Kalantri|Reading is the noblest of all the hobbies, that is why people mention it so frequently in their resume even if they don't read much.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement.
Ali Lohan|The cast of 'Vikings' is a real team, a true ensemble. It's a mad, eclectic, great bunch! But we support each other and trust each other completely. There are no egos.
Alain Mabanckou, Broken Glass|it would be fairer to say I have traveled widely, without ever leaving my own native soil, I've traveled, one might say, through literature, each time I've opened a book the pages echoed with a noise like the dip of a paddle in midstream, and throughout my odyssey I never crossed a single border, and so never had to produce a passport, I'd just pick a destination at random, setting my prejudices firmly to one side, and be welcomed with open arms in places swarming with weird and wonderful characters
Josefa Iloilo|A lot of guys have muscles. A lot of strong men in this world. I think it's important to show that even under all this strength there's a fragile side, a side that can be affected.
Angel Rosa|This guilt is a joke, and it’s exhausting to watch you martyr yourself.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|Other major world religions are still centered in the same general geographic area from which they originated except for Christianity. Even more intriguing, the center of Christian growth continues to move. Why? This author suggests that Christian principles bring prosperity but then the prosperity brings a temptation to chase stability and respectability. Thus, Christian growth moves to an area where people are desperate enough to trust Christ alone.
Chuck Palahniuk|Here in the bathroom with me are razor blades. Here is iodine to drink. Here are sleeping pills to swallow. You have a choice. Live or die. Every breath is a choice. Every minute is a choice. To be or not to be. Every time you don't throw yourself down the stairs, that's a choice. Every time you don't crash your car, you reenlist.
Nathan Hale|I venture to suggest that patriotism is not a short and frenzied outburst of emotion, but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime.
Bill Collins|...I really did "choose" to be Jim every single day, but that once I put my sword down I haven't chosen Jenny at all; I simply wake up and here I am.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|She had always wanted words, she loved them, grew up on them. Words gave her clarity, brought reason, shape. Whereas I thought words bent emotions like sticks in water.
Isaac Asimov, Robots and Empire|Most of us move through life with little chance to learn much about ourselves. We know some things we like and some things we dislike, we have a few ideas about what makes us happy, and we die in ignorance regarding anything profound within ourselves.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Oh God, for a few who will love me in tiny ways every single day of my flashing existence. For a mere one or two who will treat me like the trash I am, who will love the smell of garbage and rummage through the bin of my failings to find the wrapped cheeseburger they can do without but consider long enough to get their taste buds used to the idea. Oh for a melodious tongue to sing me a song about french fries.
G.E. Nolly, Hamfist Over the Trail: The Air Combat Adventures of Hamilton Hamfist Hancock|It’d be easy to blame everything on 9/11 or the wars that came after. It’s really about the choices we made. By necessity we adapt to the realities of the world we live in, but if we forget that how we live shapes and influences the world around us, then we’ve already lost.
Peggy Toney Horton|As the year comes to a close, it is a time for reflection – a time to release old thoughts and beliefs and forgive old hurts. Whatever has happened in the past year, the New Year brings fresh beginnings. Exciting new experiences and relationships await. Let us be thankful for the blessings of the past and the promise of the future.
johnathon trooper|The cop looks annoyed, like we're giving him a headache. I want to explain everything to him that its really not as screwed up as it all sounds, but then I remember that it is.
Erik Pevernagie|Relationships may become wrecked by a quirky syndrome: the “Ain't broke, don't fix”-syndrome. When there is no interaction in the neural network and no breakthrough into the mind but only a shallow skin experience, living together might be very torturous. If a heartfelt bond has not been molded, nothing can be broken and thus nothing needs to be fixed. (“I wonder what went wrong.”)
Quetzal|I had been my whole life a bell, and never knew it until at that moment I was lifted and struck.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|I felt a new wave of irritation, squelched it as I kicked into scientist mode. First rule: block mind-set. Don’t suspect, don’t fear, don’t hope for any outcome. Observe, weigh, measure, and record.Second rule: block emotion. Leave sorrow, pity, and outrage for later. Anger or grief can lead to error and misjudgment. Mistakes do your victim no good.
Maurice Renard, The Hands Of Orlac|The story was an 82 year old guy with a broken neck. He had apparently fallen in his bathroom that morning, cracking his 1st and 2nd vertebrae. I had a vague memory from medical school that this wasn't a good thing--the expression "hangman's fracture" kept bobbing up from the well of facts I do not use --but I had a much more distinct impression that this was not a case for cardiology."And Ortho isn't taking him because?" I said wearily."Because he's got internal organs, dude."I sighed. "So why me?""Because they got an EKG."The MAO was clearly enjoying himself. I remembered he had recently been accepted to a cardiology fellowship. I braced myself for the punch line."And?""And there's ectopy on it. Ectopy." He then made a noise intended to suggest a ghost haunting something.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Muse|I’d be careful about watching me too closely.”“Why?” She smiled to match the sassy tone in her voice.The smirk that had lingered on his face dropped away, replaced by a serious expression. “You might not like what you see.
Adhish Mazumder|Before you work with me you must know that I am an atheist and I believe in neither supreme powers of any God or the trickery of the Devil, I am student of the criminal psychology and believe that behind every murder there is psychopath at work with some insidious agenda at play and motive unknown to human mind.
Maura Madden, Crafternoon: A Guide to Getting Artsy and Crafty with Your Friends All Year Long|You get in life what you create. Expectation drives the creative process. What do you expect? You expect whatever it is you're thinking about. Your thought process, the conversation in your head, is at the base of the results you create in life.
Pooja Ruprell|We have to believe that our prayers, if pure and powerful can transform any catastrophic situation, regardless of its magnitude.
Mary Cholmondeley|Every year I live I am more convinced that the waste of life lies in the love we have not given, the powers we have not used, the selfish prudence that will risk nothing, and which shirking pain, misses happiness as well. No one ever yet was the poorer in the long run for having once in a lifetime ‘let out all the length of the reins.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|She cannot possibly be dead, people do not just die
Don Rose|On March 11, 1985, Mikhail Gorbachev became leader of the Soviet Union, and within a few weeks the full-scale reformation he attempted to carry out both inside his country and in its cold war relations with the West, particularly the United States, began to unfold.
Siobhan Davis, Saven Deliverance|I look down at his beautiful face, shining with so much love and admiration for me, and I know that every struggle I’ve faced up to this point has all been worth it, because it led me to him.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Then his singing paused, and he stood for a moment to cry out softly in the vernacular of the region: 'Blest be Adonoi Elohim, King of All, who maketh bread to spring forth from the earth,' in a sort of nasal bleat. The bleat being finished, he sat again, and commenced eating. The wanderer had come a long way indeed, thought Brother Francis, who knew of no adjacent realm governed by a monarch with such an unfamiliar name and such strange pretensions.
Val Uchendu|An artist must take comfort that there's no satisfaction whatsoever with one's creation, just a dissatisfaction that keeps one a step away from sliding into mediocrity.
Kevin Focke|When I’m passionate about something I strive for excellence, judging whether or not I achieved it is up to the audience.
Gigi Hadid|If you're able to help some people and make them smile and make them realize that life is good, then that's worth so much more than buying a pair of shoes.
Bryan Sykes, The Seven Daughters of Eve: The Science That Reveals Our Genetic Ancestry|We are all a complete mixture;yet at the same time,we are all related.Each gene can trace its own journey to a different common ancestor.This is a quite extraordinary legacy that we all have inherited from the people who lived before us.Our genes did not just appear when we were born.They have been carried to us by millions of individual lives over thousands of generations.
Zadie Smith, NW|Ever since that day, I have lived a lie, the lie of living.
Hermann Hesse, Wandering|Home is neither here nor there. Home is within you, or home is nowhere at all.
Cary Fowler|Childlike surrender and trust, I believe, is the defining spirit of authentic discipleship.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we’ve learned as we’ve moved toward that dream. That’s the point at which most people give up. It’s the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one 'dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God's word will produce with your level of understanding. The much you can understand it, the more wisdom you are privileged to have.
Ismail Kadare, Mëngjeset në Kafe Rostand|Albania’s future is towards Christianity, since it is connected with it culturally, old memories, and its pre-Turkish nostalgia. With the passing of time, the late Islamic religion that came with the Ottomans should evaporate (at first in Albania and then in Kosova), until it will be replaced by Christianity or, to be more exact, Christian culture. Thus from one evil (the prohibition of religion in 1967) goodness will come. The Albanian nation will make a great historical correction that will accelerate its unity with its mother continent: Europe
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Most board meetings amount to little more than intellectual masturbation. They are ideas that cause thrills, chills, and satisfaction, but there is no impregnation. Nothing is ever born of them. It’s intellectual masturbation.
Justin Kyle McFarlane Beau|All we need to release our inner God is a pulpit and an audience, both of which the Internet supplies in great abundance. Too bad that the corollaly to being in God mode in cyberspace is an explosion of narcissism and self-centeredness.
Philip Jenkins, Jesus Wars: How Four Patriarchs, Three Queens, and Two Emperors Decided What Christians Would Believe for the Next 1,500 years|In any theological struggle, the first thousand years are always the bitterest.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|But what is the past? Could it be, the firmness of the past is just illusion? Could the past be a kaleidoscope, a pattern of images that shift with each disturbance of a sudden breeze, a laugh, a thought? And if the shift is everywhere, how would we know?
John Ruskin|He's not wanting to fight," she assured the captain."He is driven by curiosity?" Deudermont asked."By loyalty," Catti-brie answered. "And nothing more. Drizzt is bound by friendship to ye and to the crew, and if a simple contest against the man will make for an easier sail, then he's up to the fight. But there is no curiosity in Drizzt. No stupid pride. He's not for caring who's the better at swordplay."Deudermont nodded and his expression brightened. The young woman's words confirmed his belief in his friend.
Erik Pevernagie|Good Values, when shared by all affiliates, are extremely motivating because everybody is performing with shared beliefs.
R.J. Prescott, The Hurricane|I’d been so caught up in surviving and staying free, that I'd forgotten that freedom was a state of mind.
Meinos Kaen, Proud Parents Blog|Henry,' at last said one, again dipping the spoon into the flaming spirit, 'hast thou read Hoffman?''I should think so,' said Henry.'What think you of him?''Why, that he writes admirably; and, moreover, what is more admirable - in such a manner that you see at once he almost believes that which he relates. As for me, I know very well that when I read him of a dark night, I am obliged to creep to bed without shutting my book, and without daring to look behind me.''Indeed; then you love the terrible and fantastic?''I do,' said Henry. ("The Dead Man's Story
Gale Martin, Grace Unexpected|This is why we all fight so hard. Not just for the vote, but for an equal opportunity in the world. A vote is a voice. I think you underestimate yourself, Queenie. This is your fight, same as it is mine.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Avery slides on his glasses and opens his eyes again. “Dammit!” he says again with more feeling. “Why does stuff like this keep happening?”“You say that as if it’s a bad thing,” Rob says, smirking.
Samantha Towle, Trouble|He gave me the one thing he's never given to anyone before..He gave me his heart, and his trust.And in return, I gave him the same right back....
Chuck Klosterman|In Western culture, virtually everything is understood through the process of storytelling, often to the detriment of reality. When we recount history, we tend to use the life experience of one person — the “journey” of a particular “hero,” in the lingo of the mythologist Joseph Campbell — as a prism for understanding everything else.
Carrie Underwood|I remember, in school, writing Janet Jackson and Michael Jackson and asking them to come get me out of class. I would imagine them running down the hall and asking my teacher, 'Ms. Daniels, can we get Missy out of class? We're here to see Missy.'
Adele|I have only one ambition, which is to be famous.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked. Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione. When we're looking for the Horcruxes."Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to his forehead. "I forgot we'll be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|If you want your life to be a five-star reality, you have to stop settling for a fast food mentality!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A sign of power in a man is not only when people follow what he suggests, but also when people make a conscious effort to do the exact opposite of what he suggests.
Emmuska Orczy, Links in the Chain of Life|I have so often been asked the question: "But how did you come to think of The Scarlet Pimpernel?" And my answer has always been: "It was God's will that I should." And to you moderns, who perhaps do not believe as I do, I will say, "In the chain of my life, there were so many links, all of which tended towards bringing me to the fulfillment of my destiny.
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|Life is to be lived, not controlled; and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Hiroko Sakai|To his surprise he...discovered that it was possible to be good at what you had little interest in, just as it had been possible to be bad at something…that you cared about a great deal.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Learning a new language, just like opening a new window, allows you to see the world with intimacy.
