Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If in this generation, you still consider yourself the only one who knows or who has the capacity to make a difference, it’s a shame because you are delaying this leadership excellence train from reaching its destination. Make a decision to change your leadership philosophy and agenda today!
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|From then on, I was terrified that I or one of my parents were going to die. My mother worried me the most. She was the force around which our world turned. Unlike our father, who spent his life in the clouds, my mother was propelled through the universe by the brute force of reason. She was the judge in all of our arguments. One disapproving word from her was enough to send us off to hide in a corner, where we would cry and fantasize our own martyrdrom. And yet. One kiss could restore us to princedom. Without her, our lives would dissolve into chaos.
Tiffany Domena|Be sure of this: when you make time for the Holy Spirit, He will make time to visit you.
Alice Munro|I was happy in the library. Walls of printed pages, evidence of so many created worlds--this was a comfort to me.
James S.A. Corey, Drive|Last period of the day. Charles had decided that morning that he would talk about tessellations. Last period, they should have been covering sines and cosines. They should have been starting to graph, but he just didn't have it in him. Tessellations were his favorite.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|In order for us to live within this finely balanced constellation of complex systems, in order for the Earth to show resilience and last for centuries into the future as an environment of human life, we have to embody three things: a respect for Earth systems and their details in balance; a commitment to discovering and sharing the truth and only the truth at all times about all things; and a commitment to doing no harm.
Samuel L. Norman, The Adventures of Grant McKingsley and The Secret of the Phoenix|We make history every day, Professor. The question is whether or not you'll be remembered for it.Grant McKingsley
Kristin Hannah, Comfort & Joy|Well, memory can play tricks. Most people, I think, tend to remember the good rather than the bad when someone close to them dies.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|..if people were rain, I was drizzle and she was ahurricane.
Allison M. Dickson|If you can't stand your own company alone in a room for long hours, or, when it gets tough, the feeling of being in a locked cell, or, when it gets tougher still, the vague feeling of being buried alive--then don't be a writer.
Orison Swett Marden|A considerable share of the world's population still cannot afford comfortable housing, education and quality health care.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|He slung off his backpack. He'd managed to grab a lot of supplies at the Napa Bargain Mart: a portable GPS, duct tape, lighter, superglue, water bottle, camping roll, a Comfy Panda Pillow Pet (as seen on TV), and a Swiss army knife—pretty much every tool a modern demigod could want.
Joshua Ferris|Loving means losing control of our schedule, our money, and our time. When we love we cease to be the master and become a servant.
William E. Connolly, The Fragility of Things: Self-Organizing Processes, Neoliberal Fantasies, and Democratic Activism|If you are stuck in circumstances in which it takes Herculean efforts to get through the day— doing low-income work, obeying an authoritarian boss, buying clothes for the children, dealing with school issues, paying the rent or mortgage, fixing the car, negotiating with a spouse, paying taxes, and caring for older parents— it is not easy to pay close attention to larger political issues. Indeed you may wish that these issues would take care of themselves. It is not a huge jump from such a wish to become attracted to a public philosophy, spouted regularly at your job and on the media, that economic life would regulate itself automatically if only the state did not repeatedly intervene in it in clumsy ways. Now underfunded practices such as the license bureau, state welfare, public health insurance, public schools, public retirement plans, and the like begin to appear as awkward, bureaucratic organizations that could be replaced or eliminated if only the rational market were allowed to take care of things impersonally and quietly, as it were. Certainly such bureaucracies are indeed often clumsy. But more people are now attracted to compare that clumsiness to the myth of how an impersonal market would perform if it took on even more assignments and if state regulation of it were reduced even further. So a lot of “independents” and “moderates” may become predisposed to the myth of the rational market in part because the pressures of daily life encourage them to seek comfort in ideological formations that promise automatic rationality.
David Millar|'Little Night' has layers of meaning. There's something enchanted about night. All those heavenly bodies, shooting stars, the crescent moon, celestial phenomenon. Owls fly at night, and first kisses happen. Night is romantic. Alternately, darkness hides the worst of human behavior.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|We scientists perceive it as the Truth that will give us absolute understanding of the universe – which is impossible at the moment for a young species like us. On the other hand, the mystics perceive the Ultimate Truth, to be the attainment of Absolute Divinity, which all the religious giants experienced. But this attainment, is nowhere near the actual Ultimate Truth – it is only a subjective experience of the mind, evoked by specific internal and external stimuli.
Marie Kondō|It is not our memories but the person we have become because of those experiences that we should treasure. This is the lesson these keepsakes teach us when we sort them. The space in which we live should be for the person we are becoming now, not for the person we were in the past.
Colleen Hoover, Never Never: Part Two|Until then, never lose hope. Never stop loving me. Never forget.  Never Never
Catherine Marie Bergman, Autobiography of My Guardian Angel: Divine Words From Above to be Read by Humankind|to know your true value in a state brings forth good intentions and value into that which is Now for you. And this is an honest way to live - healthy, wealthy, well-being, all day every and day. So be it. A good sentence to state is: I am healthy, wealthy, well-being.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Breathing Room|She threw up her hands. "All right. Why not?" Why not?" Sure." His arms fell to his sides. "That's it? I pour my heart out. I love you so much I've got freakin' tears in my eyes. And all I get in return is 'Why not'?" What did you expect? Am I supposed to fall all over you just because you've finally come to your senses?" Would it be too much to ask?"...He'd begun to glare at her again, his eyes growing stormier by the minute."When do you think you might be ready? To fall all over me, that is.
Fernando Pessoa, Poems of Fernando Pessoa|Again I see you, But me I don't see!, The magical mirror in which I saw myself has been broken, And only a piece of me I see in each fatal fragment - Only a piece of you and me!...
Arthur Conan Doyle, Through The Magic Door|It is a great thing to start life with a small number of really good books which are your very own. You may not appreciate them at first. You may pine for your novel of crude and unadulterated adventure. You may, and will, give it the preference when you can. But the dull days come, and the rainy days come, and always you are driven to fill up the chinks of your reading with the worthy books which wait so patiently for your notice. And then suddenly, on a day which marks an epoch in your life, you understand the difference. You see, like a flash, how the one stands for nothing, and the other for literature. From that day onwards you may return to your crudities, but at least you do so with some standard of comparison in your mind. You can never be the same as you were before. Then gradually the good thing becomes more dear to you; it builds itself up with your growing mind; it becomes a part of your better self, and so, at last, you can look, as I do now, at the old covers and love them for all that they have meant in the past.
Suzanne Gordon|To be alone is to be different, to be different is to be alone.
Morgan Rhodes, Rebel Spring|Weapons master is giving me special lessons." she (Amily) chuckled. " He calls then How Not To Get Killed lessons.
Robert J. McCracken|Get to know two things about a man. How he earns his money and how he spends it. You will then have the clue to his character. You will have a searchlight that shows up the inmost recesses of his soul. You know all you need to know about his standards, his motives, his driving desires, his real religion.
Lora Leigh, Megan's Mark|All I know is I'm totallyalone. All alone i n an unfamiliar place, like some solitary explorer who's lost his compass and his map. Is this what it means to be free? I don't know, and I give up thinking about it.
Juliet Marillier, Heart's Blood|Any girl who says she doesn’t keep a list of best kisses ever is lying. She may not have a pen-and-paper list, but she knows in her head who rocked her world and made her more than weak in the knees.
Malachy McCourt|If you have one foot in the past and one foot in the future, you're pissing on the present.
Stefan Molyneux|There’s nothing lonelier than empty relationships. At least when you’re alone you can be yourself, but when you’re in empty relationships you can’t even be yourself.You can be real alone, or you can be a ghost with false friends.Pulse proximity is not intimacy, and it’s worse than no friends at all.
Heather R. Blair, Blood in Fire|People who understand the dark understand the universe,and therefor they can connect their soul so life can give them the uplifting mystic it has.
Shawn Weeks, 344 Pounds: How I Lost 125 Pounds By Counting Calories|Stepping into extreme longevity requires strategy, knowledge, spiritual research, emotional release work, inspired dedication, and determination.
Tyka Nelson|I loved theater growing up, and my mom always took us to the touring productions that would come through town. We would go to Chicago all the time and see shows. I loved it.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|I am a lonely man,' Sensei said. 'And so I am glad that you come to see me. But I am also a melancholy man, and so I asked you why you should wish to visit me so often.
Shelly Branch, What Would Jackie Do?: An Inspired Guide to Distinctive Living|He reminds me of how one would feel when they think of home. A place where you eventually have to find your way back to, because it is where you are safe and loved.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|There is nothing magical in them at all. The magic is only in what books say, how they stitched the patches of the universe together into one garment for us.
Philip Plait|Traditional American intellectuals are, in a sense, increasingly reactionary, and quite often proudly (and perversely) ignorant of many of the truly significant intellectual accomplishments of our time.
Meia Geddes, The Little Queen|I didn't care whether I had gotten dressed, or what state my hair was in or anything– it didn't matter. I felt close to him, and I'd come to regard him as just another part of the scenery.
Katherine Mansfield, Katherine Mansfield Letters And Journals: A Selection|I sometimes wonder whether the act of surrender is not one of the greatest of all - the highest. It is one of the [most] difficult of all... You see it's so immensely complicated. It needs real humility and at the same time, an absolute belief in one's own essential freedom. It is an act of faith. At the last moments, like all great acts, it is pure risk. This is true for me as a human being and as a writer. Dear Heaven, how hard it is to let go - to step into the blue. And yet one's creative life depends on it and one desires to do nothing else.
Merce Cunningham|You have to love dancing to stick to it. It gives you nothing back, no manuscripts to store away, no paintings to show on walls and maybe hang in museums, no poems to be printed and sold, nothing but that single fleeting moment when you feel alive.
Pope Benedict XVI, Jesus of Nazareth|The great question that will be with us throughout this entire book: What did Jesus actually bring, if not world peace, universal prosperity, and a better world? What has he brought?The answer is very simple: God.... He has brought God, and now we know his face, now we can call upon him. Now we know the path that we human beings have to take in this world. Jesus has brought God and with God the truth about our origin and destiny: faith, hope and love. It is only because of our hardness of heart that we think this is too little. Yes indeed, God's power works quietly in this world, but it is the true and the lasting power. Again and again, God's cause seems to be in its death throes. Yet over and over again it proves to be the thing that truly endures and saves.
Harold Brodkey|So, yes, I lied, And, believe me, I am so sorry. But I was so in love with you and I didn't know what to do about it and I didn't want to give you any reason not fall in love with me back
Francis of Assisi|By striving to do the impossible, man has always achieved what is possible. Those who have cautiously done no more than they believed possible have never taken a single step forward.
DaShanne Stokes|Sometimes it is not easy to find any words that properly convey a thought. When we hear or read, we usually remember the gist, not the exact words, so there has to be such a thing as a gist that is not the same as a bunch of words.
Penelope Trunk (Journalist)|In conformity with this spirit and aim of the Stoa, Epictetus begins with it and constantly returns to it as the kernel of his philosophy, that we should bear in mind and distinguish what depends on us and what does not, and thus should not count on the latter at all. In this way we shall certainly remain free from all pain, suffering, and anxiety. Now what depends on us is the will alone, and here there gradually takes place a transition to a doctrine of virtue, since it is noticed that, as the external world that is independent of us determines good and bad fortune, so inner satisfaction or dissatisfaction with ourselves proceeds from the will. But later it was asked whether we should attribute the names *bonum et malum* to the two former or to the two latter. This was really arbitrary and a matter of choice, and made no difference. But yet the Stoics argued incessantly about this with the Peripatetics and Epicureans, and amused themselves with the inadmissible comparison of two wholly incommensurable quantities and with the contrary and paradoxical judgements arising therefrom, which they cast on one another. An interesting collection of these is afforded us from the Stoic side by the *Paradoxa* of Cicero."—from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Paye in two volumes: volume I, pp. 88-89
Zooey Deschanel|Learning, n. The kind of ignorance distinguishing the studious.
Scott Stabile|I see you. I see your strength and courage, your hesitations and fears. I see the way you love others, and your struggle to love yourself.I see how hard you work to grow, and your dedication to heal. I see your vulnerable humanity, and your transcendent divinity.I see you, and I love what I see.
Michele Bachmann|Real faith is when you believe in something that you can't see. When things are going really bad and you can still get up and say I believe that they're gonna get better, that there's a higher lesson to what I'm going through. It can be hard sometimes, and to turn it around like that, that's true faith.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|... without the incarnation, Christianity isn't even a very good story, and most sadly, it means nothing. "Be nice to one another" is not a message that can give my life meaning, assure me of love beyond brokenness, and break open the dark doors of death with the key of hope.The incarnation is an essential part of Jesus-shaped spirituality.
Daniel Handler, All the Dirty Parts|For every girl I thought I was uncomplicated sex, it wasn't. Put it this way: if you can't see the complication, you're probably it.
Lawrence Hill|He wouldn’t be the one to prove to the world that there was an afterlife, but he hoped to be the one to prove it to himself, though he would have a few stern questions for a Creator who made people haunt libraries.
Dominic Monaghan|Stop being conned by the old mantra that says, 'Leaders are cool, managers are dweebs.' Instead, follow the Peters Principle: Leaders are cool. Managers are cool too!
Abhijit Naskar|I said I don't want to know," Kailani said firmly, her voice suddenly too loud. Cristina sat back into the bench, her eyes wide and disappointed. Then Ana started waving wildly, her small hand arcing for her mother's undivided attention, and, as Kailani watched in silence, the child slipped safely down the slide."Kailani to Cristina
William Ritter|Give me some credit. You don't get far in my game with your eyes closed. I get it-who doesn't like a man in uniform? But trust me, men are never worth it. Behind every great man is a woman who gave up on greatness and tied herself into an apron. Romance is for saps, Abbie. You're sharp, and you've got pluck. Don't waste it.
James Shirley, Poems|It's tempting to ask why if you fed your neighbors during the time of the earthquake and fire, you didn't do so before or after.
Thomas Jefferson|I never submitted the whole system of my opinions to the creed of any party of men whatever in religion, in philosophy, in politics, or in anything else where I was capable of thinking for myself. Such an addiction is the last degradation of a free and moral agent. If I could not go to heaven but with a party, I would not go there at all.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Whenever you are being insulted by ungodliness and injustice, endeavor to speak against it, endeavor to stand up against it, and expect to see change.
Sarah Bowen Shea, Train Like a Mother: How to Get Across Any Finish Line - and Not Lose Your Family, Job, or Sanity|Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up," Bannister said. "It knows it must outrun the fastest lion, or it will be killed. Every morning in Africa, a lion wakes up. It knows it must run faster than the slowest gazelle, or it will starve. It doesn't matter whether you're a lion or a gazelle - when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.
Sunday Adelaja|Never look at how others who live dishonestly become rich, look at God and His holiness
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|If your self-talk leans toward the negative, the continual bashing will become debilitating
Lailah Gifty Akita|Ask for God's grace, He freely gives, whoever ask.
Sylvia Plath|In the German tongue, in the Polish townScraped flat by the rollerOf wars, wars, wars ...
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|I turned my ear toward the door because I heard him breathing. When you’re alone and afraid, the simple sound of the steady in and out of air being drawn by another person is good medicine.
Amy Tan, Saving Fish from Drowning|One may as well be asleep as to read for anything but to improve his mind and morals, and regulate his conduct.
Brian Spellman|Self talk and self prayer: When you audible the first and correctly interpret, the white coats correct you in a nuthouse. When you audible the second and misinterpret, the dinner coats swear you to an oath in the White House. Does this make you nuts too? Then outfit your sanity seeking political asylum at my house.
Aryn Kyle, The God of Animals|Old-fashioned people think you can have a soul without money. They think the less money you have, the more soul you have. Young people nowadays know better. A soul is a very expensive thing to keep: much more so than a motor car.
Troy Ragland|I stand beside Tom's barn and ponder the benign heedlessness of the people in the speeding cars, and here I am in the speeding car. In my heart I wish the bypass had never been built; in my car I never take the old way.
Frederick Marryat, The Pirate|Young ladies ... who fall in love, never consider whether there is sufficient "to make the pot boil" - probably because young ladies in love lose their appetites, and, not feeling inclined to eat at that time, they imagine that love will always supply the want of food.
John Muir|Everybody makes mistakes, but when goalkeepers make them, it is costly. That's the nature of being a goalkeeper.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|It was a failure of pedagogical nerve, she reminded herself, to give up on a student.
Adolf Guggenbühl-Craig, Matrimonio: Vivi o morti|A marriage only works if one opens to exactly that which one would never ask for otherwise. Only through rubbing oneself sore and losing oneself is one able to learn about oneself, God, and the world. Like every soteriological pathway, that of marriage is hard and painful.
E. O. Wilson|Everyone who achieves success in a great venture, solves each problem as they came to it. They helped themselves. And they were helped through powers known and unknown to them at the time they set out on their voyage. They keep going regardless of the obstacles they met.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Things, events, that occupy space yet come to an end when someone dies make us stop in wonder - and yet one thing, or an infinite number of things, dies with every man's or woman's death, unless the universe itself has a memory, as theosophists have suggested. In the course of time there was one day that closed the last eyes that had looked on Christ; the battle of Junín and the love of Helen died with the death of one man. What will die with me the day I die? What pathetic or frail image will be lost to the world? The voice of Macedonio Fernández, the image of a bay horse in a vacant lot on the corner of Sarrano and Charcas, a bar of sulfur in the drawer of a mahogany desk?
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Public sentiment is everything, said Lincoln. With public sentiment, nothing can fail. Without it, nothing can succeed.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|All of Nature follows perfectly geometric laws. The Ancient Egyptian, Greek, Peruvian, Mayan, and Chinese cultures were well aware of this, as Phi—known as the Golden Ratio or Golden Mean—was used in the constructions of their sculptures and architecture.
Dannika Dark, Seven Years|It took me two years to give him all of my heart, and he threw it away in one night.
Azar Nafisi, Things I've Been Silent About: Memories|Every house was different. Some had prayer rooms, some did not. Some of the women covered, most did not. Some fasted for Ramadan, some did not. Every one of them shopped. Most had been to that same ball because America was the great place where you could worship many things at once, until now.
Robert Vanleeuwen|For it is in selfishness & greed most choose to walk. In hate we choose to be. Yes even the words of love fall from false lips in these times, spreading a deceitful lie about truth itself. We'd rather be consumed by our flesh than to be a giver of life. Shackled by our world in Lou of freeing it. Destroying our meaning - instead of embracing it.
Mark F. LaMoure|Excellence is a high quality, that delivers success and achievement.
Walter Scott|People are lucky and unlucky not according to what they get absolutely, but according to the ratio between what they get and what they have been led to expect.
Leslie Parrott, Soul Friends: What Every Woman Needs to Grow in Her Faith|Blessed are you who sow. Every seed you so plant, will grow into bountiful crops for great harvest.
Sebastien de Castell, Traitor's Blade|She turned back to the rest of us. "They've taken it all," she said. "They've taken every last good thing in the world."Then she swung the door wide. "Now go and show them your answer.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|I wanted to get angry, this guy pushed me so hard.
Pascal Bruckner, The Tyranny of Guilt: An Essay on Western Masochism|There is no solution for Europe other than deepening the democratic values it invented. It does not need a geographical extension, absurdly drawn out to the ends of the Earth; what it needs is an intensification of its soul, a condensation of its strengths. It is one of the rare places on this planet where something absolutely unprecedented is happening, without its people even knowing it, so much do they take miracles for granted. Beyond imprecation and apology, we have to express our delighted amazement that we live on this continent and not another. Europe, the planet's moral compass, has sobered up after the intoxication of conquest and has acquired a sense of the fragility of human affairs. It has to rediscover its civilizing capabilities, not recover its taste for blood and carnage, chiefly for spiritual advances. But the spirit of penitence must not smother the spirit of resistance. Europe must cherish freedom as its most precious possession and teach it to schoolchildren. It must also celebrate the beauty of discord and divest itself of its sick allergy to confrontation, not be afraid to point out the enemy, and combine firmness with regard to governments and generosity with regard to peoples. In short, it must simply reconnect with the subversive richness of its ideas and the vitality of its founding principles.Naturally, we will continue to speak the double language of fidelity and rupture, to oscillate between being a prosecutor and a defense lawyer. That is our mental hygiene: we are forced to be both the knife and the wound, the blade that cuts and the hand that heals. The first duty of a democracy is not to ruminate on old evils, it is to relentlessly denounce its present crimes and failures. This requires reciprocity, with everyone applying the same rule. We must have done with the blackmail of culpability, cease to sacrifice ourselves to our persecutors. A policy of friendship cannot be founded on the false principle: we take the opprobrium, you take the forgiveness. Once we have recognized any faults we have, then the prosecution must turn against the accusers and subject them to constant criticism as well. Let us cease to confuse the necessary evaluation of ourselves with moralizing masochism. There comes a time when remorse becomes a second offence that adds to the first without cancelling it. Let us inject in others a poison that has long gnawed away at us: shame. A little guilty conscience in Tehran, Riyadh, Karachi, Moscow, Beijing, Havana, Caracas, Algiers, Damascus, Yangon, Harare, and Khartoum, to mention them alone, would do these governments, and especially their people, a lot of good. The fines gift Europe could give the world would be to offer it the spirit of critical examination that it has conceived and that has saved it from so many perils. It is a poisoned gift, but one that is indispensable for the survival of humanity.
Joe Abercrombie|By swap news do you mean drink?" "I do, and that excessively.
Agnes Smedley|I like a women who's got some balls, some strength. As long as I can beat her at arm wrestling, that's fine.
Steve Goodier|But let me offer a word of caution. If you choose to give from your heart, be careful. The most incredible feeling might just overwhelm you. And if you continue in this behavior, that feeling may become permanent.
Debasish Mridha|Patriotism is dangerous, but kindness is always kind.
John Shors, Beneath a Marble Sky|Ultimately, my love saved me, for my love gave me strength. At night, when sleep was sunwilling to rescue me, I gritted my teeth and devoured my fondest memories.
J.J. Brown, The Doctor's Dreams|Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I just want to sleep. The whole point of not talking about it, of silencing the memory, is to make it go away. It won't. I'll need brain surgery to cut it out of my head.
Kristina McMorris, The Edge of Lost|It’s fascinating, really, when you think about it. How a person can slip into a new life as one would a new pair of shoes. At first there’s a keen awareness of the fit: a stiffness at the heel, the binding of the width, the curve pressed to the arch. But with time and enough steps, the feel becomes so natural you almost forget you’re wearing them at all.
Jennifer Aniston|We all have experiences in our lives that change us, and we all learn from people, like my dad, but at the end of the day, it's only us. And we're only responsible to make ourselves happy.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Pleasure and pain.That was my Melody.She was my poisonso toxic, when sampled,yet,so sweet...
Lisa Loeb|'Cat?' 'Cat' can be anybody from the guy in the gutter to a lawyer, doctor, the biggest man to the lowest man, but if he's in there with a good heart and enjoy the same music together, he's a cat.
William Shakespeare, Titus Andronicus|MARCUS ANDRONICUS: Now is a time to storm; why art thou still?TITUS ANDRONICUS: Ha, ha, ha!MARCUS ANDRONICUS: Why dost thou laugh? it fits not with this hour.TITUS ANDRONICUS: Why, I have not another tear to shed:
Michel de Montaigne|As concerning marriage, besides that it is a covenant, the entrance into which only is free, but the continuance in it forced and compulsory, having another dependence than that of our own free will, and a bargain commonly contracted to other ends, there almost always happens a thousand intricacies in it to unravel, enough to break the thread and to divert the current of a lively affection: whereas friendship has no manner of business or traffic with aught but itself. Moreover, to say truth, the ordinary talent of women is not such as is sufficient to maintain the conference and communication required to the support of this sacred tie; nor do they appear to be endued with constancy of mind, to sustain the pinch of so hard and durable a knot. And doubtless, if without this, there could be such a free and voluntary familiarity contracted, where not only the souls might have this entire fruition, but the bodies also might share in the alliance, and a man be engaged throughout, the friendship would certainly be more full and perfect; but it is without example that this sex has ever yet arrived at such perfection; and, by the common consent of the ancient schools, it is wholly rejected from it.
Anthony Horowitz, Magpie Murders|Five minutes ago is gone, never to be seen again. Five minutes from now, isn't here yet....What are you going to do with it?
Dembe Michael|As William James observed, we must reflect that, when we reach the end of our days, our life experience will equal what we have paid attention to, whether by choice or default. We are at risk, without quite fully realizing it, of living lives that are less our own than we imagine.
Jerry Lee Lewis|Being black, Latino, or Asian is not a genre. Romantic comedies, thrillers, action - those are genres. I think there's a lot of people who want to have the conversation. I don't think people are afraid of it, I just think it's the time to have that conversation. Race is not a genre.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi contro il potere e la stupidità|Stupidity, once it overcomes its initial state of inertia, is sustained by its own momentum.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Do you think I'm pretty?I think you're beautifulBeautiful?You are so beautiful, it hurts sometimes.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|A month later the law student leaves you for one of her classmates, tells you that it was great but she has to start being realistic. . . . .Later you see her with said classmate on the Yard. He's even lighter than you but he still looks unquestionably black. He's also like nine feet tall and put together like an anatomy primer. They are walking hand in hand and she looks so very happy that you try to find the space in your heart not to begrudge her.
Dan  Harmon|In practice it undermines the transformation of faith. When Christians concentrate their time and energy on their own separate spheres and their own institutions-whether all-absorbing megachurches, Christian yellow-page businesses, or womb-to-tomb Christian cultural ghettoes-they lose the outward thrusting, transforming power that is at the heart of the gospel. Instead of being 'salt' and 'light' -images of a permeating and penetrating action-Christians and Christian institutions become soft and vulnerable to corruption from within.
Elisabeth Elliot, A Chance to Die: The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael|A sum can be put right: but only by going back till you find the error and working it afresh from that point, never by simply going on.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Every moment of this experience we call a physical life is determined by the choices you make in your thoughts, intentions, and actions. Thus, when you choose to experience a thought, image, or activity from a place of loving, joyful, and compassionate intentions for yourself and others, you have the power to weave a lovely fabric that heals your mind, body, and soul. When you choose differently, the fabric you weave may contribute to an experience of suffering and pain in the form of mental, emotional, physical, and spiritual anguish. The choice is always yours.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|You see those stars, which shines at night when the sky darkens it shines for you when your heart is blackened
Edgar Fiedler|The man who will use his skill and constructive imagination to see how much he can give for a dollar, instead of how little he can give for a dollar, is bound to succeed.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|No one chooses his parent or childhood, but you can choose your own direction. Everyone has problems and obstacles to overcome.
Chuck Palahniuk, Stranger than Fiction|Everything is funnier in retrospect, funnier and prettier and cooler. You can laugh at anything from far enough away.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|People pontificate, "Suicide is selfishness." Career churchmen like Pater go a step further and call in a cowardly assault on the living. Oafs argue this specious line for varying reason: to evade fingers of blame, to impress one's audience with one's mental fiber, to vent anger, or just because one lacks the necessary suffering to sympathize. Cowardice is nothing to do with it - suicide takes considerable courage. Japanese have the right idea. No, what's selfish is to demand another to endure an intolerable existence, just to spare families, friends, and enemies a bit of soul-searching.
Dana Gore, Choose Awareness|It takes extraordinary mental discipline to transmit human experience without perversion. Truth telling is unnatural. Lying is an important aspect of humanity. We lie to other people to prevent hurt feelings and we deceive ourselves in order to protect our noble sense of being a good person. Dishonesty and inaccuracy preserves our quest seeking uninterrupted personal pleasure. I shall eschew pleasure seeking and cultivate precision of mind and moral character that precious truth telling necessitates. Reading and writing, along with observing nature and studious reflection on vivid personal experiences is the process methodology that will bring me closest to discovering inviolate verity of existence and becoming a doyen for all the immaculate truth, beauty, and goodness in this world.
Sunday Adelaja|From the moment of your birth, you have a calling
Aleister Crowley, The Book of the Law|The word of sin is Restriction. O man! refuse not thy wife, if she will! O lover, if thou wilt, depart! There is no bond that can unite the divided but love: all else is a curse. Accursed! Accursed be it to the aeons! Hell.
Mark Schatzker, The Dorito Effect: The Surprising New Truth About Food and Flavor|Flavor factories churn out chemical desire. We spray, squirt, and inject hundreds of millions of pounds of those chemicals on food every year, and then we find ourselves surprised and alarmed that people keep eating. We have become so talented at soaking our food in fakeness that the leading cause of preventable death - smoking - bears a troubling resemblance to the second leading cause of preventable death - obesity.
Marius Vieth, Better Street Photos In 3 Powerful Steps|Photoshop and Lightroom help me transform my photos into what my heart felt, but my camera couldn't quite capture!
Debasish Mridha|In darkness, be your own light.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|He leaned forward to inspect her closer. "Is that all hair?"... Sudden, overwhelming panic clawed up Cress's throat. With a squeak, she ducked out of view of the camera and scrambled beneath the desk. Her back struck the wall with a thud that rattled her teeth. She crouched there, skin burning hot and pulse thundering as she took in the room before her— the room that he was now seeing too, with the rumpled bedcovers and the mustached man on all the screens telling her to grab her imaginary partner and swing them around."Wha—where'd she go?" Thorne's voice came to her through the screen."Honestly, Thorne." A girl. Linh Cinder? "Do you ever think before you speak?""What? What did I say?"" 'Is that all hair?' ""Did you see it? It was like a cross between a magpie nest and ball of yarn after it's been mauled by a cheetah."A beat. Then, "A cheetah?""It was the first big cat that came to mind.
Austin Kleon, Show Your Work!: 10 Ways to Share Your Creativity and Get Discovered|Don't think of your website as a self-promotion machine, think of it as a self-invention machine.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|...if he can write a book at all, a writer cannot do it by peeping over his shoulder at somebody else, any more than a woman can have a baby by watching some other woman have one. It is a genital process, and all of its stages are intra-abdominal;
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|I must have appeared like a real bad boy in Christy's eyes. Well, at least a bad boy by home and away standards.
Archna Mohan|In any relationship I believe love should flow naturally . We cannot control it, make other person guilty or punish it to happen.Love need patience , acceptance and trust. For love to come we make a hard and fast rule on from where, who and we chase it. Love flow naturally.When you feel scarcity of love , you need to be patience , big hearted, whole. Remain in your own love zone do not push, control because love is natural. You cannot ask or demand for it.We might not get the people who we want us to love but there are people who will step in and they can see the light or flow of our love as it is.We do not need to transform anyone, we need to know our love towards ourselves and how it flows in others.When resistance is not there, when openness comes in a relationship . We bend, we are flexible and we trust our loving nature . We become less depended on what other is giving us. We do get fair love and acceptance too.
Steve Carell|My dad made a film called 'Willow' when he was a young filmmaker, which screened at the Cannes film festival, and people were booing afterwards.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The yardstick that we frequently use to determine if something can be restored is based on the handful of inches that we bring to the process, when God shows up with an infinite amount of miles.
Raniero Cantalamessa, Virginity: A Positive Approach to Celibacy for the Sake of the Kingdom of Heaven|For I have hedged me with a thorny hedge, I live alone, I look to die alone: Yet sometimes, when a wind sighs through the sedge, Ghosts of my buried years, and friends come back, My heart goes sighing after swallows flown On sometime summer's unreturning track.
Jake Vanderplas, Statistics, Data Mining, and Machine Learning in Astronomy: A Practical Python Guide for the Analysis of Survey Data|Due to the various pragmatic obstacles, it is rare for a mission-critical analysis to be done in the “fully Bayesian” manner, i.e., without the use of tried-and-true frequentist tools at the various stages. Philosophy and beauty aside, the reliability and efficiency of the underlying computations required by the Bayesian framework are the main practical issues. A central technical issue at the heart of this is that it is much easier to do optimization (reliably and efficiently) in high dimensions than it is to do integration in high dimensions. Thus the workhorse machine learning methods, while there are ongoing efforts to adapt them to Bayesian framework, are almost all rooted in frequentist methods. A work-around is to perform MAP inference, which is optimization based.Most users of Bayesian estimation methods, in practice, are likely to use a mix of Bayesian and frequentist tools. The reverse is also true—frequentist data analysts, even if they stay formally within the frequentist framework, are often influenced by “Bayesian thinking,” referring to “priors” and “posteriors.” The most advisable position is probably to know both paradigms well, in order to make informed judgments about which tools to apply in which situations.
Colleen Hoover, Point of Retreat|Welcome to thee,O sword of eternity!Through BuddhaAnd through Daruma alikeThou hast cleft thy way.
Jeanne Safer, The Golden Condom: And Other Essays on Love Lost and Found|We cannot understand the Higher Wisdom. Later, well after the event, we may see the lesson contained in the event, and be truly grateful. We must, however, submit to what happens, accepting all that unfolds gracefully. This is the key. All your tragedies in life and in the theatre come about because of non-acceptance of the will of the Gods. Not my petty little ant-like will, but the Gods omnipotent will, let that will be done, I say. This is the beginning and end of the virtuous life.
Lukas Forchhammer|In high school I dated a white woman. She would come to visit me on the rez. And her dad, who was very racist, didn't like that at all. And he told her one time, 'You shouldn't go on the rez if you're white because Indians have a lot of anger in their heart.'
John Piper, The Passion of Jesus Christ|The Bible says he was raised not just after the blood-shedding, but by it. This means that what the death of Christ accomplished was so full and so prefect that the resurrection was the reward and vindication of Christ's achievement in death.
Jared Diamond, Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies|Thanks to this availability of suitable wild mammals and plants, early peoples of the Fertile Crescent could quickly assemble a potent and balanced biological package for intensive food production. That package comprised three cereals, as the main carbohydrate sources; four pulses, with 20—25 percent protein, and four domestic animals, as the main protein sources, supplemented by the generous protein content of wheat; and flax as a source of fiber and oil (termed linseed oil: flax seeds are about 40 percent oil). Eventually, thousands of years after the beginnings of animal domestication and food production, the animals also began to be used for milk, wool, plowing, and transport. Thus, the crops and animals of the Fertile Crescent's first farmers came to meet humanity's basic economic needs: carbohydrate, protein, fat, clothing, traction, and transport.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|The purpose of education should ultimately be the advancement of the species. And for this to actually happen, the world needs the kind of education by means of which character is formed, strength of the mind is increased and the human intellect is expanded beyond its own limits.
Charles Portis, True Grit|I confess [Election] is a hard doctrine, running contrary to our earthly ideas of fair play, but I can see no way around it. Read I Corinthians 6:13 and II Timothy 1:9,10. Also I Peter 1:2,19,20 and Romans 11:7. There you have it. It was good for Paul and Silas and it is good enough for me. It is good enough for you too.
Sunday Adelaja|If God had not grievance to all, we will not have survived up to the time we repented
Hugh Hefner|I represent the kids who come from nothing but who understand it all and love it all. That's what I represent - those are the cool kids, you know, the kids of tomorrow, because who would've known that I'd be who I am today? We are the kids of tomorrow.
Jonathan Stroud, The Amulet of Samarkand|Hermy, when she was not otter-hunting, could be very sarcastic, and he had a clear month of Hermy in front of him, without any otter-hunting, which, so she had informed him, was not possible in August. This was mysterious to Georgie, because it did not seem likely that all otters died in August, and a fresh brood came in like caterpillars. If Hermy was here in October she would otter-hunt all morning and snore all afternoon, and be in the best of tempers, but the August visit required more careful steering.
Norlito Baclayen|Dirty or clean, crumpled or finely creased, you are still priceless to those who Love you.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The pain you feel is simply because you do not yet have the strength to forgive. But you will grow strong again, that is for sure.
Susan May Warren, My Foolish Heart|Life isn't sure, life is scary, It doesn't mean you stop living it.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|Power is lost or won, never created or destroyed. Power is a visitor to, not a possession of, those it empowers. The mad tend to crave it, many of the sane crave it, but the wise worry about its long-term side effects.
J. B. Smoove|Over the years, I had nurtured the hope to be able to fly; to handle a machine as it rose higher and higher in the stratosphere was my dearest dream.
Eddie Murray|French Yemeni relations are strong and good, they are relations depending on friendship and cooperation; my relationship with the president Chiraq are old and real.
Shashi Dhar|This is a dynamic particular to encounters with male drivers, who seem to grow all the more indignant the more completely they are in the wrong. I think the emotional reasoning, if you can call it that, is transitive: You make me feel bad; feeling bad makes me mad; ergo, you make me mad.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|She smoothed her fingertips down his cheeks and cupped his face in her hands. "I'm not sure it can get any better."	He sucked in a ragged breath. "Oh, darlin'," he said, sliding his finger beneath one of the straps of her sundress and guiding it off of her shoulder. "I promise you it can." He kissed the spot where the strap had been and drew his fingers up her thighs with a light, feathery touch. "And I'm a man who keeps his promises.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I am on a mission, I will depend on a greater power to accomplish the task.
Thomas Goodwin|God is infinitely beautiful in himself, and his beauty ought to attract you like a magnet to him.
Upton Sinclair|I asked a man who took a death boat to Europe across the treachelous waters of the Mediterranean from Libya"Why are you taking this death boat". "I am already dead." He said. This is my coffin. If I succeed to get to the other side, I get a new life. If I fail, I loose nothing. I remain what I am now: Dead.
Karen Amanda Hooper, Taking Back Forever|Since I spent much of my childhood being left behind and ignored, one might think that, as an adult, moments of perceived abandonment would feel old hat. The truth is, as an adult, I am always waiting to be left behind. I’m always ready to be discarded and, therefore, I spend a significant amount of time preparing for this eventuality.I lower my expectations, I don’t seek out meaningful relationships, and I don’t engage in any sort of real intimacy, physical or otherwise.Engage is the key word here. Except, when I engage, when it happens, when I’m left behind it doesn’t feel old hat. It feels like it did the first time and it takes me by surprise. So, I don’t let it happen.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|In youth, our blood rises and becomes volatile. Desire, worry, and anxiety increase. External circumstances now direct the rise and fall of emotions. Will and intention become constrained by social conventions. Competition, conflict, and scheming are the norm in interactions with people. The approval and disapproval of others become important, and the honest and sincere expression of thoughts and feelings is lost.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible says there is a certain pleasure in sin.However, it is short-lived and fatal.
Everance Caiser|And when I looked outside the window, something inside of me churned, swallowing hard I looked up and saw blue. I squeezed my eyes shut, holding back the tears and emotions that were swelling inside of me. And then I realized, the only time that I could feel anything at all, was when I could feel him.
Gabrielle Black, Treating Murder|You don’t look like much, but they say you murdered that other chick.” Treating Murder
Rabindranath Tagore, Sadhana|All changes, even the most longed for, have their melancholy; for what we leave behind usis a part of ourselves. We must die to one life before we can enter another
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|All around the world, people are exuberantly laughing right now.
Anna Aquino|Wasn’t I allowed at least one nervous breakdown a year? Maybe next year Jon and I could pencil it into our calendar. Maybe we could post it in the church bulletin. It would read “ATTENTION: Our Dear Pastor’s wife is scheduling her annual nervous breakdown, so if you could avoid calling, texting, emailing, or whining in her direction for the next week between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., she would be most grateful.
Renee Carlino, Swear on This Life|They projected an illusion of warmth with their home-cooking and hand-stitched quilts, yet underneath the facade was an institutional rigidity, as if they were running an orphanage where children would be fed and cared for but never loved. Love was such a key ingredient in molding humans, yet it was inaccessible to kids inside of the system.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|...my ability to trust had been shattered into splinters, its fragmented shards slicing through every darkened recess of my mind, his absolution won my over all the more.
Blair Thornburgh|Novels are just very, very, very long lies. That is to say, you’ve got to get your story straight!
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|When I'm with you, bells go off in my head like a moving truck that's backing up.
P.I. Alltraine, Heartbound|I wanted her to notice me, to pay attention to me. It was an irrational desire, one I‘d never experienced before.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Is there a particular reason you keep biting vampires?"Will touched the dried blood on his wrists, and smiled. "They don't expect it.""Of course they don't. They know what happens when one of us consumes vampire blood. They probablyexpect you to have more sense.""That expectation never seems to serve them very well, does it?
Mishi McCoy|We are not called to embody Jesus ourselves; He has already been incarnated and is still even now! No, we are not called to be Jesus; we are called to fall at His feet and worship Him. We are called to affirm that "the Word became flesh and dwelt among us, and we have seen his glory, glory as of the only Son from the Father, full of grace and truth." [John 1:14] And it is through this worship, through recognizing His rightful place, that we are finally humbled.When we are consumed with God's glory, we forget to worry about our own. When our eyes are fixed on Him as the source of all goodness and truth and beauty, we accept that we are not. When we are enamored by His worth and majesty, we can stop being so enamored with ourselves. And fascinatingly, when we seek God's glory, we'll be able to appreciate it in the people around us. Instead of seeing them as threats to our own glory, we will see them as beautiful reflections of His.
Leonard S. Marcus|The better the writer, the more complicated the dangler.
Athol Fugard, Master Harold...and the boys|Yes! That's what all our talk about a decent world has been... just so much bullshit.""We did say it was still only a dream.""And a bloody useless one at that. Life's a fuck-up and it's never going to change.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|So, even in the midst of craziness and exhaustion and a life-changing chaos,I was filled with peace and the sweet knowledge that I was walking the path my Goddess wanted me on.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|I'm wondering what to read next." Matilda said. "I've finished all the children's books.
Carl Sagan, Contact|At the very moment that humans discovered the scale of the universe and found that their most unconstrained fancies were in fact dwarfed by the true dimensions of even the Milky Way Galaxy, they took steps that ensured that their descendants would be unable to see the stars at all. For a million years humans had grown up with a personal daily knowledge of the vault of heaven. In the last few thousand years they began building and emigrating to the cities. In the last few decades, a major fraction of the human population has abandoned a rustic way of life. As technology developed and the cities were polluted, the nights became starless. New generations grew to maturity wholly ignorant of the sky that had transfixed their ancestors and that had stimulated the modern age of science and technology. Without even noticing, just as astronomy entered a golden age most people cut themselves off from the sky, a cosmic isolationism that ended only with the dawn of space exploration.
José Latour|The student has his Rome, his whole glowing Italy, within the four walls of his library. He has in his books the ruins of an antique world and the glories of a modern one.
Stanisław Jerzy Lec|When you jump for joy, beware that no one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|A wave of saudade swept over me as I realized home never existed at all. The concept of home felt far from my reach, and I felt sick with longing.
May Water/May B. Wilde|Many things are thrown our way in this game of life. It's how you deal with them that shows your true character. I want all of you to feel the hope, love & passion I feel for the upcoming year & the rest of my life. I want ALL of you to not only go for your dreams, but have a damn ass good time doing it! Love & Warmth, May ♥
Taylor Swift|Outrage alternated with a sweaty fear he had never before felt. Something, it seemed to him was being drained from him, leaving the body feeling like a very dry sponge, very light, completely at the mercy of sly toying gusts of wind.
Padma Venkatraman, Climbing the Stairs|A library's function is to give the public in the quickest and cheapest way: information, inspiration, and recreation. If a better way than the book can be found, we should use it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|It's a queer business, making oneself blind.
Honore de Balzac|When anything goes, it's women who lose.
Mike Bond, The Last Savanna|I have spent hours and hours watching elephants, and to come to understand what emotional creatures they are...it's not just a species facing extinction, it's massive individual suffering.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|They did not suffer shipwreck because the entrepreneurs were not public-spirited, as the socialist-etatistic legend has it. They were bound to fail because the economic organization based upon division of labour and private property in the means of production can function only so long as price-determination in the market is free.
Liza Featherstone, False Choices: The Faux Feminism of Hillary Rodham Clinton|The right to choose to abort a fetus is critical, as is the ability to effect that choice in real life, so it's great that Hillary Clinton wants to repeal the Hyde Amendment. But without welfare, single-payer health care, a minimum wage of at least $15--all policies she staunchly opposes--many people have to forgo babies they'd really love to have. That's not really a choice.It seems ill-conceived to have tethered feminism to such a narrow issue as abortion. Yet it makes sense from an insular Beltway fundraising perspective to focus on an issue that makes no demands--the opposite, really--of the oligarch class; this is probably a big reason why EMILY'S List has never dabbled in backing universal pre-K or paid maternity leave; a major reason 'reproductive choice' has such a narrow and negative definition in the American political discourse.The thing is, an abortion is by definition a story you want to forget, not repeat and relive. And for the same reason abortion pills will never be the blockbuster moneymakers heartburn medications are, abortion is a consummately foolish thing to attempt to build a political movement around. It happens once or twice in a woman's lifetime.Kids, on the other hand, are with you forever. A more promising movement--one that goes against everything Hillary Clinton stands for--might take that to heart.
Michael Hirsch|The words "I am ..." are potent words  be careful what you hitch them to. The thing you're claiming has a way of reaching back and claiming you.
Ingrid Bergman|Just supposing," he said, "just supposing" --he didn't know what was coming next, so he thought he'd just sit back and listen--"that there was some extraordinary way in which you were very important to me, and that, though you didn't know it, I was very important to you, but it all went for nothing because we only had five miles and I was a stupid idiot at knowing how to say something very important to someone I've only just met and not crash into lorries a the same time, what would you say..." He paused, helplessly, and looked at her."I should do.
Ali Shaw, The Girl With Glass Feet|Sometimes Midas suspected that life was a film with subliminal messages. Things would move along with an acceptable degree of predictability, then be punctuated by some horrible childhood memory.
Avril Lavigne|Just when I think I have learned the way to live, life changes.
Catrina Burgess, Awakening|My mama always said, You can always ask. The worst they can do is say no. But I don’t think Mama was thinking about revenge and murder when she dealt out that piece of homespun advice
Becky Lewellen Povich|You know, Becky, you haven't been the same since that crowbar fell on your head.
Michelle Templet|Our time was most delightfully spent, in mutual Protestations of Freindship, and in vows of unalterable Love, in which we were secure from being interrupted, by intruding and disagreeable Visistors, as Augustus and Sophia had on their first Entrance in the Neighbourhood, taken due care to inform the surrounding Families, that as their happiness centered wholly in themselves, they wished for no other society.
Sunday Adelaja|We are not afraid of rivalry, for we are unique
Grace Slick|Early on, I played one or two disturbed people, and I guess I must have been good at it, because it stuck. But, you know, I'm a regular guy. I stay home a lot, I make an effort to keep a distance from the whole social thing, the openings, the parties. I try to live in a calm way.
Michael Chabon|If you continually diet, you are putting your body in a quasi-famine situation. It slows your metabolism down and breaks the thermostat. Diets don't work. They don't help you understand why you're eating more than your body wanted in the first place.
Winston S. Churchill, Never Give In!: The Best of Winston Churchill's Speeches|Broadly speaking, the short words are the best, and the old words best of all.
Munia Khan|Just a little piece of peace can cultivate the land of Palestine, but inhuman human won't let it do that....
Yaron Brook, Equal is Unfair: America's Misguided Fight Against Income Inequality|Our focus should be on making the most of our own lives, regardless of whether we start at the bottom or the top- not on envying the advantages and achievements of others.
Brian Buffini|Accepting oneself, in all your glory and in all your shortcomings, is a major point in becoming your best possible self.
Morley Safer|But to a Vietnamese peasant whose home means a lifetime of back-breaking labor, it will take more than presidential promises to convince him that we are on his side.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|This is a feeling that you had, Quentin,' she said. 'Once, a very long time ago. A rare one. This is how you felt when you were eight years old, and you opened one of the Fillory books for the first time, and you felt awe and joy and hope and longing all at once. You felt them very strongly, Quentin. You dreamed of Fillory then, with a power and an innocence that not many ever experience. That's where all this began for you. You wanted the world to be better than it was.
Erika Camplin, Prison Food in America|For several years he hadn't moved outside a large, airy room, but this was OK, because he spent most of his time inside his own head in any case. There's a certain type of person it's very hard to imprison.
Inio Asano, Solanin|The world is drowning in weirdness and lies......and here we are, so used to it that we're actually bored!
Ralph Caplan|I put the bra in brand, and I top it!
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|LADIES!!!! You are not a SEXUAL OBJECT! - not a PUNCHING BAG _ not a target for EMOTIONAL ABUSE! You worth more than that! You were created by God to be a Partner to MEN not a SLAVE, to provide Strength and support to them not to be used and manipulated by them, to submit to them not to become fools in that process. You have your Dignity and Self Worth. Never sacrifice those!
Alice James|All that is necessary to break the spell of inertia and frustration is this: Act as if it were impossible to fail. That is the talisman, the formula, the command of right about face which turns us from failure to success.
Lise Arin, Matilda Empress|A sudden yearning to hold Artagan close overtakes me, to smell the scent of his skin and run my hands through his tousled black hair. He will soon ride into peril again as he has many times before. No matter how often he rides away, I never get used to it.
Alan McCluskey, Boy & Girl|Listen to this. A bomb goes off downtown and the police arrest the Easter bunny, Santa Claus, the tooth fairy and Osama Bin Laden. They put them in an identity parade and have a witness try to point out the perpetrator. Who does she pick?"Joe said, "I don’t know.""Osama Bin Laden," the taxi driver said. "Because the other three don’t exist.
John Hadac, The Project|Some persons fancy that bias and counter-bias are favorable to the extraction of truth–that hot and partisan debate is the way to investigate. This is the theory of our atrocious legal procedure. But Logic puts its heel upon this suggestion. It irrefragably demonstrates that knowledge can only be furthered by the real desire for it, and that the methods of obstinacy, of authority and every mode of trying to reach a foregone conclusion, are absolutely of no value. These things are proved. The reader is at liberty to think so or not as long as the proof is not set forth, or as long as he refrains from examining it. Just so, he can preserve, if he likes, his freedom of opinion in regard to the propositions of geometry; only, in that case, if he takes a fancy to read Euclid, he will do well to skip whatever he finds with A, B, C, etc., for, if he reads attentively that disagreeable matter, the freedom of his opinion about geometry may unhappily be lost forever.
Tenacious D|The lonesome and desperate kids out there, that pain will translate﻿ to magic perhaps.
Clara Diane Thompson, Five Glass Slippers|She told herself there had been nothing outside, nothing peering in at her from the darkness. Nothing at all.
Helen Reddy|I am fully anticipating that something - perhaps many things - will not go according to plan on our actual wedding day. If some of the flowers are wilted, or there aren't enough vegetarian meals, or the priest calls me the wrong name, I will embrace these errors.
Mark Ireland, Messages from the Afterlife: A Bereaved Father's Journey in the World of Spirit Visitations, Psychic-Mediums, and Synchronicity|People can fall into habitual programmed patterns of thinking, underpinned by long-held beliefs and blind acceptance of conventional wisdom. Lying beneath such surface thoughts are mental cues that operate on the subconscious level, compelling people to act in certain ways, yielding conclusions that fit within their pre-existing biases. Many people are unaware that these processes are even occurring.
Osip Mandelstam|This instant which I cannot leave, which locks me in and limits me on every side, this instant I am made of will be no more than a confused dream.
Elisabeth Elliot|To be a follower of the Crucified means, sooner or later, a personal encounter with the cross. And the cross always entails loss. The great symbol of Christianity means sacrifice and no one calls himself a Christian can evade this stark fact.
Howard Dunkley|My stories are about humans and how they react, or fail to react, or react stupidly. I'm pointing the finger at us, not at the zombies. I try to respect and sympathize with the zombies as much as possible.
Sunday Adelaja|If the churches, mosques and other religious centres could come together to embrace a nation’s value system, and then set out to disciple the nation in these values and virtues, then the greatness of such a nation is inevitable.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|They told us love was a disease. They told us it would kill us in the end.For the very first time I realize, that this, too, might also be a lie.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|No. Absolutely not. I forbid it. You'll have nightmares." "She was my friend! You must allow me. Why are you so horrid?" As soon as the angry words were out of my mouth, I knew I had gone too far. "Matilda!" Mother rose from her chair. "You are forbidden to pseak to me in that tone! Apologize at once.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|I went to a foot specialist recently and she said:"You've broken a bone, it's healed funny.""What can you do?""Not much."She strapped me up though and that's the reason my foot is hurting, because the strapping gave me cramp.When I'm about to die I'm going to head ti a swamp so I topple in when the time comes. In 50,000 years when they dig me up, pretty well preserved, the scientists will have to work out what sort of life I led from my bone structure, teeth and whatnot. Maybe I'll be clutching a Felt record or something to give them a clue. They'll look at my foot and say: "This man broke a bone and it's healed funny." And they'll look at the Felt record, analysing the grooves with a Groove Analyser and they'll say: "He was obviously in an indie band and one day the pressure got too much, and he booted a wall." And they wouldn't be far from the truth, those crazy scientists.
Tom DeMarco, Peopleware: Productive Projects and Teams|To live in modernity--an era contemporaneous with the triumph of the news--is to be constantly reminded that, thanks to science and technology, change and improvement are continuous and relentless. This is part of the reason we must keep checking the news in the first place: we might at any moment be informed of some extraordinary development that will fundamentally alter reality. Time is an arrow following a precarious, rapid and yet tantalizingly upward trajectory.
Patrick Ness, The Crane Wife|He answered the phone to his daughter with a broken but joyous heart, ready to speak with her of astonishment and wonder.
James   Marshall, Ninja Versus Pirate Featuring Zombies|When the battle is over, the winners find it very hard not to pursue their violence. If you are strong enough to hold violence, you are strong enough to hold true to your pact. Then you have more moral fiber than most adults. Free will is one of the pillars of being human.
Adam Gidwitz, A Tale Dark & Grimm|You see, to find the brightest wisdom one must pass through the darkest zones. And through the darkest zones there can be no guide. No guide, that is, but courage
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Your perception of a person, place, or thing may not be accurate. Just because it looks good does not mean it is good and vice versa. Always be aware of your surroundings. Pay attention to the people, places, and things around you. Don't allow your misperception to put you in an uncomfortable situation
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|In all my paintings, the animal is at the centre. Surrounding it are the things that define the animal. This is how beauty is characterized. You need to characterize beauty by association. I have learned to worship beauty. Not ordinary beauty but that in its stormiest nature.
Peter Sinn Nachtrieb, boom|Sure, people can make you happy, but no one can stop you from being happy.
Alan Alda|The good thing about songwriting is you don't have to delineate between what's true and what's fiction; records aren't put on the shelf that way. Books are, movies are, but records aren't.
Albert Howard|People who reported having a terrible traumatic experience and who kept the experience a secret had far more health problems than people who openly talked about their traumas. Why would keeping a secret be so toxic? More importantly, if you asked people to disclose emotionally powerful secrets, would their health improve? The answer, my students and I soon discovered, was yes.We began running experiments where people were asked to write about traumatic experiences for fifteen to twenty minutes a day for three to four consecutive days. Compared to people who were told to write about nonemotional topics, those who wrote about trauma evidenced improved physical health. Later studies found that emotional writing boosted immune function, brought about drops in blood pressure, and reduced feelings of depression and elevated daily moods. Now, over twenty-five years after the first writing experiment, more than two hundred similar writing studies have been conducted all over the world. While the effects are often modest, the mere act of translating emotional upheavals into words is consistently associated with improvements in physical and mental health.
Debasish Mridha|Failure is our teacher, not the success.
Ripley Patton, Ghost Hand|Rivera rubbed his temples. "Satan told you to do it?" he said wearily."No.""Elvis?""I told you, it's supernatural.
Gail Carson Levine, Writing Magic: Creating Stories that Fly|Did you know that childhood is the only time in our lives when insanity is not only permitted to us, but expected?
Rosa Luxemburg|The hydrogen powered car, with its high fuel mileage and zero emission rate, is just one example of the products under development that will help increase our energy independence.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|Mama told me to make a special point to remember the best times of my life. There are so many hard things to live through, and latching on to the good things will give you strength to endure, she says. So I must remember this day. It is beautiful and this seems like the best time to live and the best place
Candace Vianna, The Science of Loving|Or else I may do something I’m pretty sure you’ll hate me for in the mornin’.” The low huskiness of his voice washed over her like a heated caress, sending shivers down her spine, and obliterating whatever defenses she’d manage to build against him.
Stephen Colbert|We played at a festival in Mexico City, at the same time as another famous artist, and I reckon we had 55,000 people watching New Order; the other had 7,000. I think from that I've discovered the secret of success in the music industry: don't do any promotion.
Mohammad Rafiq Teli|Each of us would like the ability to do what we want to do, when we want to do it, without incurring the moral approbation of others. We, however, tend to conveniently forget this also gives others the right to do whatever they want.
Simran Sethi|Cohen testified that there was no 'direct relationship' linking heart disease to dietary fats, and that he had been able to induce the same blood-vessel complications seen in heart disease merely by feeding sugar to his laboratory rats. Peter Cleave testified to his belief that the problem extended to all refined carbohydrates. 'I don't hold the cholesterol view for a moment,' Cleave said, noting that mankind had been eating saturated fats for hundreds of thousands of years. 'For a modern disease to be related to an old-fashioned food is one of the most ludicrous things I have ever heard in my life... but, when it comes to the dreadful sweet things that are served up... that is a very different proposition.
Jo Walton, Among Others|The trees reach up above me toward the sky, stretching out their great limbs in an intricate pattern that reminds me of the pattern of light... the pattern shifting back and forth as I climb.
Nikki Gemmell|and I looked and looked at her, and knew as clearly as I know I am to die, that I loved her more than anything I had ever seen or imagined on earth, or hoped for anywhere else. She was only the faint violet whiff and dead leaf echo of the nymphet I had rolled myself upon with such cries in the past; an echo on the brink of a russet ravine, with a far wood under a white sky, and brown leaves choking the brook, and one last cricket in the crisp weeds... but thank God it was not that echo alone that I worshipped. What I used to pamper among the tangled vines of my heart, mon grand pch radieux, had dwindled to its essence: sterile and selfish vice, all that I cancelled and cursed. You may jeer at me, and threaten to clear the court, but until I am gagged and halfthrottled, I will shout my poor truth. I insist the world know how much I loved my Lolita, this Lolita, pale and polluted, and big with another’s child, but still gray-eyed, still sooty-lashed, still auburn and almond, still Carmencita, still mine; Changeons de vie, ma Carmen, allons vivre quelque, part o nous ne serons jamais spars; Ohio? The wilds of Massachusetts? No matter, even if those eyes of hers would fade to myopic fish, and her nipples swell and crack, and her lovely young velvety delicate delta be tainted and torneven then I would go mad with tenderness at the mere sight of your dear wan face, at the mere sound of your raucous young voice, my Lolita.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|You walk and walk and walk and then you look at back and see your youth, so far away from you, so young, so curious, so hopeful, so breezy, so brave! To feel young in old age, remember your youth very often! Remind yourself frequently what you were once!
Marlen Haushofer|The barriers between animal and human come down very easily. We belong to a single great family, and if we are lonely and unhappy we gladly accept the friendship of our distant relations.
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|If we accept time for what it is, how it flows and how we flow with it, I doubt very much that would continue wasting loads of it by constantly checking our watches.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is hope for the sinner! Salvation is there for the unbelief! The saved don’t need salvation; they only need to be strengthened for the rescue work! Absolute repentance, a true faith and hope in Jesus Christ are the most important things the sinner and the unbelief need for a true salvation in Christ!
Debasish Mridha|Find what you love, now give all your heart to get it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our voices, our service, and our abilities are to be employed, primarily, for the glory of God.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|A scientist has to be neutral in his search for the truth, but he cannot be neutral as to the use of that truth when found. If you know more than other people, you have more responsibility, rather than less.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|You are the best gift that I receive from God,and you are the Best reason to live in this world.I love you
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|We're so engaged in doing things to achieve purposes of outer value that we forget the inner value, the rapture that is associated with being alive, is what it is all about.
George Eliot, The Mill on the Floss|So my life is a point-counterpoint, a kind of fugue, and a falling away–and everything winds up being lost to me, and everything falls into oblivion, or into the hands of the other man.
Matt Lauer|Reilly Brown is a master of balancing action, humor, and extreme violence, and his character designs for some of the alien races and technology that we encounter is just amazing.
Brad D. Smith|In the morning, I use a Philosophy cleanser and Olay Regenerist Daily 3 Point Treatment Cream, which sinks in well and feels firming. I rarely wear foundation, so cotton wool soaked in warm water is often enough to cleanse at night, but I take off eye make-up with Klorane's cornflower-infused remover.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|If you hate others in the name of God, you should be looking within to see where it stopped being about God and where it started being about YOU.
Paul Beatty, The Sellout|Their dark skin, their gender, their economic status--none of those were acceptable excuses for not giving the fullest rein to their imaginations and ambitions.
Alma Alexander|If you really want to be a writer, nobody can stop you -- and if you don't, nobody can help you.
Stig Dagerman, Sleet: Selected Stories|When she enters the room she immediately shuts the window and draws the shade with a quick, hard pull. Then she throws herself down on the bed, and the sobbing starts all over again. It's as if she can't sob when she's not in a lying position - either that or she has to start sobbing the moment she lies down.
Diana Gabaldon|...when a good poet is confronted with difficult facts that he knows to be true but also are inimical to poetry, he has no choice but to flee to the margins; it was...this very retreat that allowed him to hear the hidden music that is the source of all art.
Feisal Abdul Rauf|When I was able to go to school in my early years, my third grade teacher, Ms. Harris, convinced me that one day I would be a writer. I heard her, but I knew that I had to leave Georgia, and unlike my friend Ray Charles, I did not go around with 'Georgia on My Mind.'
Jael McHenry, The Kitchen Daughter|I tell myself I’m fine on my own, but am I? No friends to fall back on, no relationships, no support. Left to my own devices, I have no devices.
Colum McCann, TransAtlantic|We seldom know what echo our actions will find, but our stories will most certainly outlast us.
C. JoyBell C.|You'll come to learn that many times, the people you have problems with are not really the people you have problems with; but in actuality, the problems lie in the premises of everybody else in between you, in their suggestive glances, in their implications and tone of voice, in their provocations and less-than-noble intent. Again, it comes down to shutting out the noise that isn't supposed to be there and listening to your inner silence.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader’s.
Elizabeth Goddard, Wilderness Reunion|Alice released a long exhale. "Showtime.
Ayobami Adebayo, Stay with Me|So love is like a test,but in what sense?To what end?Who was carrying out the test?But I think I did believe that Love had immense power to unearth all that was good in us,refine us and reveal to us the better versions of ourselves.
Nikki Rosen, Dancing Softly|She held the book in her hands, feeling a sense of awe, and lightly ran a finger over its cover as if it contained sacred writings.
Jerry Hall|I work every morning, all morning, sometimes in the afternoons. Then sometimes I hunt in the afternoons - quail, doves, grouse up north - but just to stay alive, because writers die from their lifestyle but also from their lack of movement.
Melissa Jensen, The Fine Art of Truth or Dare|sometimes no matter how many eyelashes or dandelion seeds you blow, no matter how much of your heart you tear out and slap on your sleeve, it just ain't gonna happen.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|You’re gonna be like Aquaman?” she asked. “Get the fish to fight for you?”“Thanks,” Percy said. “I haven’t heard enough Aquaman jokes for one lifetime.
Debbie Harry|Our wisdom comes from our experience, and our experience comes from our foolishness.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy|The images of myth must be the daemonic guardians, omnipresent and unnoticed, which protect the growth of the young mind, and guide man's interpretation of his life and struggles.
David D. Burns|For me, writing is a love-hate relationship.
Stacy A King|When times get tough, and you are feeling isolated, remember that you are not alone.
Donald Judd|I really believe you can predict when someone has a great attitude, a real well of talent.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|One can feel obliged to look at phototgraphs that record great cruelties and crimes. One should feel obliged to think about what it means to look at them, about the capacity actually to assimilate what they show. Not all reactions to these pictures are under the supervision of reason and conscience.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|For years, I worked seven-day weeks, through birthdays and most public holidays, Christmases and New Year’s Eves included. I worked mornings and afternoons, resuming work after dinner. I remember feeling as if life were a protracted exercise in pulling myself out of a well by a rope, and that rope was work.
Geoff Banister|When I am a good host, I can order the world precisely as I believe it ought to be. It is a world that I have created in my mind and in my own image, and it gladdens me profoundly to see it unfold without original sin, without expulsions and floods and disobedience and illness. When I am a good guest, I have returned to Eden, where everything I need is provided for me, including companionship and a benevolent deity at my shoulder serving me and protecting me. The concept of paradise may be backward-looking but the concept of heaven is anticipatory. Perhaps this is what heaven will be like? A great table of oak worn smooth with age and candle wax; a dimly lit room, a quartet of angels playing Sarah Vaughan in the corner; this blissful throb of quiet, intelligent conversation; bubbling pots and aromatic stews that no one seems to have worked to prepare; and you - you have nothing to worry about, not now, not here, not for all eternity. Leave it all behind at the threshold, forget everything, for here in heaven, you are my guest. 
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|Remember that the choices you make, and the reasons you make them, shape your destiny. Remember your free will...And remember, what the True One has made is supposed to bring balance and unity, not anger, fear or revenge. Do not fear, what is yours to use. Only beware the ends to which it is turned, and know the means will truly determine the outcome.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|God, who needs nothing, loves into existence wholly superfluous creatures in order that He may love and perfect them. He creates the universe, already foreseeing - or should we say "seeing"? there are no tenses in God - the buzzing cloud of flies about the cross, the flayed back pressed against the uneven stake, the nails driven through the mesial nerves, the repeated incipient suffocation as the body droops, the repeated torture of back and arms as it is time after time, for breath's sake, hitched up. If I may dare the biological image, God is a "host" who deliberately creates His own parasites; causes us to be that we may exploit and "take advantage of" Him. Herein is love. This is the diagram of Love Himself, the inventor of all loves.
Kirsten Gillibrand|I was who I was in high school in accordance with the rules of conduct for a normal person, like obeying your mom and dad. Then I got out of high school and moved out of the house, and I just started, for lack of a better term, running free.
Lucas Remmerswaal, 13 Habits.com the Tale of Tortoise Buffett and Trader Hare|Warren Buffett chuckled and said to me "I hope it's not my bad habits" Good Habits once established are just as hard to break as bad habits and bad habits are easier to abandon today than tomorrow. So what are you going to do about it?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin—plain, old-fashioned sin, the self-same sin which caused Adam’s downfall—is what we are all suffering from today, and it will do us far more harm than good to try to dress it up with a fancy, more attractive label.
Awdhesh Singh|Every author believes, when his first book is published, that those that acclaim it are his personal friends or impersonal peers, while its revilers can only be envious rogues and nonentities.
Karen Marie Moning, Dreamfever|You may choose to believe or not, but the fact is that immortal means immortal. Can you imagine that for a moment, never dying? Never fading? Existing, just as you are, for all time?
smishra|It sometime is so amazing to know, how the most ordinary day turns so extraordinary, in a flash of second. And depending on harshness of a sudden jolt of reality, sometime one has no option but to still be hopeful, listen to the heartbeat, still dream grand, still dream impossible; and keep one's inner self illuminated forever. After all, dream only turns into reality, if one is genuinely passionate and truthful to it. What a waste of life it would be otherwise.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|They say the eyes are the windows to our soul; glass gateways that do little to conceal our true self. Yet, for me, they're also the narrators of our heart and give insight to our well-kept secrets... secrets I wanted to remain hidden.
R.A. Salvatore, Passage to Dawn|She's very selfish. Not exactly self-centered, but totally indifferent to everyone and everything. Don't you agree?' 'I don't think that's possible,' said Mr Satterthwaite, slowly. 'I mean everyone's interest must go somewhere.
Ufuoma Apoki|My heart pounded annoyingly in my ears, and it was getting harder to stay focused. I'd almost gotten trapped in here, and now I'd come back. Sometimes I did have truly terrible ideas.
Pat Barker, Toby's Room|I had him in my cab once.Who? Neville askedRupert Brooke. He was good, him. "There's some corner of a foreign field/ That is forever England".That would be the bit with my nose under it; just fucking drive, will you?
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|And sometimes if I wantTo imagine I’m a lamb(Or a whole flockSpreading out all over the hillsideSo I can be a lot of happy things at the same time),It’s only because I feel what I write at sunset,Or when a cloud passes its hand over the lightAnd silence runs over the grass outside.When I sit and write poemsOr, walking along the roads or pathways,I write poems on the paper in my thoughts,I feel a staff in my handAnd see my silhouetteOn top of a knoll,Looking after my flock and seeing my ideas,Or looking after my ideas and seeing my flock,With a silly smile like someone who doesn’t understand what somebody’s sayingBut tries to pretend they do.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|Some believe that as an icon the image of Oscar Wilde is too old and notorious--all right, not an icon, let him be our oriflamme.
Mr. Smith Goes To Washington|The main thing is to make history, not to write it
Steven Tyler|So I picked a field where I had a little exposure. Where I thought I could have an enormous challenge, and have a chance to really do some good, to be a pioneer in an area, and not just be like everyone else.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Travis: I didn’t know they made permanent makeup. I looked like a clown for a month.Connor: Yeah. They put a curse on me so that no matter what I wore, my clothes were two sizes too small and I felt like a geek.Travis: You are a geek.
Julianne MacLean, Love According to Lily|Demons never die quietly, and a week ago the storm was a proper demon, sweeping through the Caribbean after her long ocean crossing from Africa, a category five when she finally came ashore at San Juan before moving on to Santo Domingo and then Cuba and Florida. But now she's grown very old, as her kind measures age, and these are her death throes. So she holds tightly to this night, hanging on with the desperate fury of any dying thing, any dying thing that might once have thought itself invincible.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Tom began screaming, and I wondered if the baby's soft brain was, in this moment, changing shape in response to the violent stimuli. I tried to intellectualize the noise to protect the baby's psyche. I whispered: Isn't that interesting to hear a man scream? Doesn't that challenge our stereotypes of what men can do? And then I tried, Shhhhhhhhh.
Johnny Vegas|The potential for the abuse of power through digital networks - upon which we the people now depend for nearly everything, including our politics - is one of the most insidious threats to democracy in the Internet age.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|Ideas are interesting, but people are vastly more so.
OlgaGOA|I don't know what you have thought of. Everyone thinks to the extent of his depravity..." #HenriettaLedyanova. #ItalianPassion
Isabel Allende, Maya's Notebook|I was alone, without a single cent, in an unknown country. If I'd learned anything from last year's ill-fated adventures, though, it was not to get overwhelmed by minor inconveniences.
Colin Beavan, No Impact Man|The stranger smiled at her. "Humanity has found a cure to a disease they never new existed.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Nothing can hurt you except sin; nothing can grieve me except sin; nothing can defeat you except sin. Therefore, be on your guard, my Mansoul.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|[At the beginning of modern science], a light dawned on all those who study nature. They comprehended that reason has insight only into what it itself produces according to its own design; that it must take the lead with principles for its judgments according to constant laws and compel nature to answer its questions, rather than letting nature guide its movements by keeping reason, as it were, in leading-strings; for otherwise accidental observations, made according to no previously designed plan, can never connect up into a necessary law, which is yet what reason seeks and requires. Reason, in order to be taught by nature, must approach nature with its principles in one hand, according to which alone the agreement among appearances can count as laws, and, in the other hand, the experiments thought in accordance with these principles - yet in order to be instructed by nature not like a pupil, who has recited to him whatever the teacher wants to say, but like an appointed judge who compels witnesses to answer the questions he puts to them. Thus even physics owes the advantageous revolution in its way of thinking to the inspiration that what reason would not be able to know of itself and has to learn from nature, it has to seek in the latter (though not merely ascribe to it) in accordance with what reason itself puts into nature. This is how natural science was first brought to the secure course of a science after groping about for so many centuries.
Maya Angelou, Mom & Me & Mom|Frequently, I have been asked how I got to be this way. How did I, born black in a white country, poor in a society where wealth is adored and sought after at all costs, female in an environment where only large ships and some engines are described favourably by using the female pronoun-how did I get to be Maya Angelou?
Gail Sheehy|Well, I mean, if a joke or humor is bawdy, it's got to be funny enough to warrant it. You can't just have it bawdy or dirty just for the sake of being that - it's got to be funny.
Nicholas Sparks|For a moment, I wondered how different my life would have been had they been my parents, but I shook the thought away. I knew my father had done the best he could, and I had no regrets about the way I'd turned out. Regrets about the journey, maybe, but not the destination. Because however it had happened, I'd somehow ended up eating shrimp in a dingy downtown shack with a girl that I already knew I'd never forget.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|She studied me with concern. She touched the new streak of gray in my hair that matched hers exactly—our painful souvenir from holding Atlas's burden. There was a lot I'd wanted to say to Annabeth, but Athena had taken the confidence out of me. I felt like I'd been punched in th
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|The single greatest lesson the garden teaches is that our relationship to the planet need not be zero-sum, and that as long as the sun still shines and people still can plan and plant, think and do, we can, if we bother to try, find ways to provide for ourselves without diminishing the world. 
John Stewart Collis, The Wood|And like any dog, like any savage, I lay there enjoying myself, harming no man, selling nothing, competing not at all, thinking no evil, smiled on by the sun, bent over by the trees, and softly folded in the arms of the earth.
Paul Haggis|I think what's important in a good manager and a good agent is that they know your vision and that they are passionate about you and believe in you. Because if they don't, then they're not going to work hard for you, and they're going to send you out on things that you don't want to do.
Chris Jirika|Try not to be in a hurry to get older because youth happens once in your life. Thereafter, old age stays with you forever.
George Orwell, 1984|He was conscious of nothing except the blankness of the page in front of him, the itching of the skin above his ankle, the blaring of the music, and a slight booziness caused by the gin.
Mark Wahlberg|I became a larger than life figure for one reason only. When you're quoted in the 'Wall Street Journal', the 'New York Times', constantly as the expert in the business people assume you're a lot bigger than you are. And then I had to run like hell to catch up with my own image.
Francis Chan, You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity|If you’d rather watch your kids grow up than see the face of your Savior today, you don’t grasp the beauty of God. If you worry about what would happen to your children if you were gone, you don’t understand the providence of God.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|We can witness collective movements alarmingly influenced by genuine social phobias and affecting the most industrialized and educated societies. Exclusive identities are being asserted, singular affiliations are being stressed, and it is becoming increasingly difficult to recognize the other in the mirror of one´s own quest. Reducing the other to the sole expression of his or her "difference" is one of the stages of dehumanization; and law alone - let alone the right to equality - cannot suffice to remedy the situation. Here comes the time of the new "barbarians".
Ally Carter, Uncommon Criminals|...there was some kind of connection between the capacity to love and the capacity to love *running*. The engineering was certainly the same: both depended on loosening your grip on your own desires, putting aside what you wanted and appreciating what you've got, being patient and forgiving and... undemanding...maybe we shouldn't be surprised that getting better at one could make you better at the other.
Matthew D. Ryan|That which does not kill you ... probably isn't close enough, so just start running.
Gudjon Bergmann, Baby Steps to Meditation|We all want results and we want them fast. But, when practicing meditation, impatience is a hindrance.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|I love you every day,Mom
Hiromu Arakawa, Fullmetal Alchemist, Vol. 4|The sun did not shine. It was too wet to play. So we sat in the house. All that cold, cold, wet day.
Genesis Rodriguez|If the inner world is inundated with peace, then the nightmare of world war cannot even come into being.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Truthfully she felt incredibly miserable, seeing university students and tourists bustling in and out of the place with their cell phones in hand, texting like there was no tomorrow. Living behind a screen, they’d likely text with their last breath.
David Graeber|Honor," she said, "is the coin that stays in your pocket when all your silver has been spent.
David Pilling, Reiver|An adventure is nothing but a story. After the adventure ends, it’s nothing but a memory; a shadow of a life you lived. People will envy you for the time it takes you to tell the story. But after that, what then? I think people admire you more for becoming a teacher. I really do.
Kailash Satyarthi|Achieving gender equality requires the engagement of women and men, girls and boys. It is everyone's responsibility.
Peter Criss|The attitude of, 'I will never self-publish,' coming from any author, indicates that they have never been in a position where it is their only option.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|If you want to make your wife joyful, treat her like Holy Spirit
John Wayne|If you can't convince them, confuse them.
Jakub Marian, 333 Wittiest Quotable Quotes|[An example of misattribution:]If you don’t know the source of a quote,you can always make it sound better by attributing it to me.— Mark Twain
RVM|If something happens that causes you Pain, remind yourself that you can’t get the Rainbow without a little Rain.
Abhijit Naskar|The existence of true religion is predicated on the practice of goodness. Goodness is Godliness. There is nothing else. Religion lies in practice, not in bookish theories.
Queen Latifah|I keep forcing, I keep learning new things in the game, and so far I have been taking challenges as they come.
Shane K.P. O'Neill, Bound By Blood: Volume 2 (Bound By Blood, #2)|Where moments before the bright morning sun flickered through the branches of the huge oak trees surrounding the property, every-thing in a ten yard radius immediately went pitch dark. The air, already a chilly fifty degrees, dropped past freezing in an instant, and the pressure changed to the point where he thought his eardrums might burst.
Byron Katie, Loving What Is: Four Questions That Can Change Your Life|I am a lover of what is, not because I'm a spiritual person, but because it hurts when I argue with reality.
Tilicia Haridat|I knew I loved you when the very thought of breaking your heart, broke mine.
Frederick P. Brooks Jr., The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering|Management is proving beyond a shadow of a doubt they don't have enough to do," she murmured back. "So they've invented a new acronym.
Donna Lynn Hope|I can't help it. You bring it out in me," he accused. "No," I said. "You're choosing to let me get to you. Don't. It's all in the mind.
Jerry Pournelle, The Prince|Mr. Prince, would you like to know the most significant event in the history of freedom?""The American Revolution?""A defensible choice, a close second even, but not mine. I would choose the moment when the Roman plebians required the patricians to write down the twelve tables of the law and put them where everyone could see them -- thereby proclaimed the law supreme over the politicians. The rule of law is the essence of freedom.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|Since then, at an uncertain hour, That agony returns: And till my ghastly tale is told, This heart within me burns.
Brit Morin|While technology is important, it's what we do with it that truly matters.
Carol Weekes, Dead Reflections|Death is a dark flower, its perfume heady and dangerous as it pulls you into its bosom.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|It's him," I said. "Typhon."I was seriously hoping Chiron would say something good, like 'No, that's our huge friend Leroy! He's going to help us!
Teddy Roosevelt|If no one on this planet ever loves you, I always will.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|True love takes time. It’s an earned comfort that tells you she’ll be right there beside you no matter what you do, not necessarily happy with your every action, but faithful to you just the same.
Christian Bobin|In such blue beauty you sense the darkness into which the light will soon fall, and in this conjugal life of blue and black you find the one lesson of things that suits you, the proof of a certain excellence in this life where everything is given to us, every instant, blue with black, strength with hurt.
C. JoyBell C.|See everything, but judge nothing. Just choose your own path and let others choose their own. See everything, but judge no one. Just focus on your own path and let others focus on their own. See everything, but judge not what you see. You have your own inner worlds to conquer, your own inner gardens to water and to hone. You have your own inner gold to mine. See all, judge not, know thyself.
Dave Grohl|To the teacher weighed down with paperwork, I say: you've been messed around too often. You came into teaching to spend your time teaching children not filling in forms.
Joss Whedon|No matter whether you’re a gay or a mixed race couple; when you’re drawn together, ultimately it doesn’t matter what everybody thinks because it’s so honest, true, and sincere. How can that be wrong?
Elias Canetti, Die gerettete Zunge: Geschichte einer Jugend|For I believe that part of knowledge is its desire to show itself and its refusal to put up with a merely hidden existence. I find mute knowledge dangerous, for it grows ever more mute and ultimately secret, and must then avenge itself for being secret.
Ronald Steel, Walter Lippmann and the American Century|Many people still feel so scared about spirit or ghost, not yet realizing that there are so many unidentified living creatures on this planet earth which might be even more dreadful.
Jerry Spinelli, Maniac Magee|Emerald slopes became so tall they touched the clouds, and showers painted diamond waterfalls that sluiced down cliff sides.
Isuna Hasekura, Spice & Wolf, Vol. 01|I used to be embarrassed by my mom, but now I know what she is—she’s a hero.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach, System of Nature|All children are atheists, they have no idea of God.
Billie Letts, Where the Heart Is|We choose those we like; with those we love, we have no say in the matter.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes love doesn't look like what we think it should look like. Sometimes it's paradoxical. Sometimes we have to step outside our comfort zone. Sometimes we have to be more honest than we thought we'd ever have to be or more supportive than we are taught is appropriate. When we traverse those boundaries, that's when we really understand what this whole love thing is all about. We become more than just human. We become part of the giant, beautiful ever-changing reality of life. By loving without limits, we become wise, strong, and beautiful. We become more of what we already are.
Daniel Todd Gilbert|Your emotions are meant to fluctuate, just like your blood pressure is meant to fluctuate. It’s a system that’s supposed to move back and forth, between happy and unhappy. That’s how the system guides you through the world.
Victoria Lorient-Faibish, Find Your "Self-Culture" Moving From Depression and Anxiety to Monumental Self-Acceptance|Find your "self-culture" is hero's work. I liken it to the journey of a warrior who is preparing for battle. There is no violence in the battle, but there is a plan of attack and a methodology that you need to employ to complete the journey. Page 12
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I didn't come from a success lineage but I am so glad that my earthly lineage is not my final story because when I gave my life to Jesus twelve years back, God interrupted my story.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Science is thus a paradigm for how we ought to gain knowledge—not the particular methods or institutions of science but its value system, namely to seek to explain the world, to evaluate candidate explanations objectively, and to be cognizant of the tentativeness and uncertainty of our understanding at any time.
John Mayer, John Mayer - Battle Studies|I felt like a kid standing in the world's greatest video arcade without any quarters, unable to do anything but walk around and watch the other kids play.
Ryan Mark|She reads books as one would breathe air,to fill up and live.
Alicia D'Aversa, The First Child|You are a woman, let them see your fire
Elsa Gadia|Do all good things with sincerity, even if nobody appreciates, trust me every kindness are always appreciated by the Lord
Chris Burkmenn|No matter how many times you think you have failed, there is always another opportunity for you to succeed.
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|Sometimes we are outright rude when we interact with people. We meet a gay guy or a couple living together, and we think we have the obligation and right to warn them what God thinks about their sexuality on our first meeting. As if their sex life is the first thing on God’s agenda.It’s not.Love is. Grace is. Mercy is. Jesus is.
Carroll Bryant|One should never give up on hope. Unless that's the name of the girl who cheated on you in which case, yeah, give her up.
Zoey Dean, Almost Famous|A familiar name on its own, however, does not carry its bearer far unless the talent is there, and the will to work.
Colleen Hoover, November 9|The man I picture in my mind is someone ordinary like me. Maybe he’s wearing glasses, maybe he’s not so handsome, but it’s how he loves me that’s extraordinary. It doesn’t matter how many people there are in a room. He knows when I’m there and he’ll find me right away, because I’m his heart and you always have to know where your heartbeat’s coming from.
R.J. Palacio|Their memory was something tangible and heavy, and I would carry it with me.
Germany Kent|If you never try, you'll never know. You are what you manifest.
Jeb Bush|If I get a chance to write a comic book or do a voice in an Adult Swim show, I do it. It's much more fulfilling to me and I get to work with people who I'm a fan of.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|The average personality re-shapes frequently, every few years even our bodies undergo a complete overhaul-desirable or not, it is a natural thing that we should change.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|Ramon looked closely at the little guy as he ate. "Maybe he's Jewish. I mean, if Sammy Davis Jr. could convert to Judaism, why not a chupacabra? We should name him Harry Mendelbaum."I held up my arms in protest. "You're all racist. Now shut up. We'll call him Taco von Precious of Svenenstein. There, everybody h
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You are simply naturally inclined to make mistakes just as everyone else is, whether male or female, black or white, young or old. These mistakes are your school of learning, therefore forgiveness is your greatest teacher in this school of learning.
Nikki Rowe|We become extremely vulnerable to the ones that love us, we believe in what they say, we believe in their faith held next to us. It's law of attraction to become who your surrounded by, so instead of focusing of changing another, find some one suitable to your soul.
Kathleen Rooney, Lillian Boxfish Takes a Walk|The best predictor of success is a sense of resiliency, grit, capacity to fail and get up. If you're prevented from feeling discomfort of failure, you have no sense of how to handle those things at all.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|You know what they say, Queenie: ALWAYS bet like you have a pair.
Faith Hunter, Black Arts|Your greatest challenge is to not be distracted by that which happens in front of you, or is pulling on you or calling to you, but instead to find your center and magnetize to yourself all those things that are in alignment with your inner being
Louis de Bernières, Corelli's Mandolin|The sky is blue today, Max, and there is a big long cloud, and it's stretched out, like a rope. At the end of it, the sun islike a yellow hole. . .
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|I wonder, though... what would it be like? To be that close to a boy and have him see all of you, no holding back. Would it be scary only for a second or two, or would it be scary the whole time? What if I didn't like it at all? Or what if I liked it too much? It's a lot to think about.
M.F. Moonzajer|Why do they have windows? Is it to let a glimpse of the world in? Or for us to see out? Our own place is small perhaps, but when your old man is eaten up by his own shadow, you realize maybe that in every house, something so savage and sad and brilliant is standing up, without the world even seeing it. Maybe that's what these pages of words are about. Bringing the world to the window.
Richard Yates|Ocular infidelity is unfortunately rampant in this so called "artist's world.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|Someone carries my belief that raises hope in me, but flame didn’t last for long
Kyle Hill|We believe with all the strength of our spirit that mankind has a supreme, primary and irreplaceable need which can be satisfied only through Jesus Christ, the first-born among men, the head of the new humanity, in whom each individual reaches full self-realization.
Jeffrey Fry|Everyone in your life gives you something. The bad ones give you experience, the worst ones a lesson; the good ones give you memories, the best ones, joy.
Bonnie Hunt|I am not a famous person at home - I'm just a guy here. I'm a father, I'm a companion, I'm a human being. I am not a public figure in my house; I am not a celebrity. I am not a famous person to myself - I am just a guy.
Mircea Popister|They say watch the breathing, watch the diet and for God’s sake make that kid go quiet. But they never say: “I am wrong and you are right”, because the self –pride they always want to hide! But in time, like the truth it shall come to surface and all those lies, that awful misery they always boast about will be extinct, whilst their conscience filled with guilt.
Jim Parsons|If you imagine someone with 100 percent determination and 100 percent intelligence, you can discard a lot of intelligence before they stop succeeding. But if you start discarding determination, you very quickly get an ineffectual and perpetual grad student.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|I went through a period where I couldn’t keep off the establishment’s roofs, it was a serious urge I had. To look at a drainpipe and start shaking with excitement, nobody knows the feeling of hitting a prison roof, not unless you’ve done it. Let me tell you, it’s like a lotto win - it’s power. You’re the governor; it’s a kick in the teeth to the system.
Nani Palkhiwala, We, The People: India, the largest Democracy|This great Mughal Emperor [Akbar] was illiterate; he could neither read nor write. However, that had not stopped Akbar from cultivating the acquaintance of the most learned and cultured poets, authors, musicians, and architects of the time - relying solely on his remarkable memory during conversations with them.
Shannon L. Alder|You are not a victim. You are a willing participant that has created your own anxiety through your negative mind, insecurities and actions. If you want to secure your future then the only way is through love, forgiveness and the willingness to admit you have participated in the uncomfortableness you are experiencing now. Stop telling yourself you are justified in hate, indifference, silence or bias. You are not. You can't build a positive life through battling others. The world is full of victims. No one wants to hear that story. People want to know how you did what the majority wouldn't do-you forgave and built up your enemies. It is seems totally rare and unheard of these days to swallow your pain and take the high road, but guess what? Those are the leaders that people admire and want to know. Those are the 1% who change the world and people's lives. So why do you want to be like the world when you can be beyond it?
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|derelict. my voice cracked and yolk poured out. wind chimes rigid, no breeze, no song. my wings found hidden in your suitcase. pleas for help mistaken for a swan song. i'm stuffing pages from my journal down my throat as kindling. hoping the smoke will get the taste of you out of my mouth. he looks at me from across the room and all i want is to push him against the wall. ravage. ravage. carnage has never been more vogue. is it still art if it doesn't bring you to your knees? lover, let me prey at your altar. let me bare my fangs in praise. don't i look so pretty in a funeral shroud? i keep time with the click of my creaking bones. dance with me under the milky translucence of a world suffocating. how did you find me? i buried myself beneath the cicadas. is a girl trapped in glass still a prize?let me get under your skin. i want to know what your fears taste like. i want to consume.
T.A|Everyone has their own New York in the heart, place where there is hope for everybody.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to know the value of a year, ask the student who was in the final year of his university education, when the lecturers went on strike and the school ended up closing for a year.
Deborah Curtis, Touching from a Distance: Ian Curtis and Joy Division|No one realized that, being left out in the cold, I was also very much in the dark.
Srividya Srinivasan|I'm not trying to put you down, but even if I did, you'd have nowhere to go.
Julian Barratt|Naboo: "You've read all the books, but when it comes to the crunch, where are you?"Saboo: "The crunch! How dare you speak to me of the crunch? You know nothing of the crunch. You've never even been to the crunch!"Naboo: "Been there once."Saboo: "Oh, a little day trip 'round the crunch, we can all go there as tourists. 'Ooh, that's a bit of crunch-'"Naboo: "Shut it!
Jeanine Basinger|Where must we go, we who wander this wasteland, in search of our better selves.
Carol Archer|What is a writer?A writer is a magician who can create a masterpiece With a wave of a pencilA writer has the key to a new worldCapturing readers and taking them on a roller coaster ride away from realityBut a writer can be a commanding tyrantOr a hypnotist stealing mindsWhat is a writer?A writer is a powerful being, an intelligent thinkerAnd an artist creating mind pictures through words.A writer is a keeper of secretsOr like a roomful of words waiting for a bookBut a writer is also a puppet master taking controlWith no strings attachedWhat is a writer?A writer is a true friendUsing words to spread smiles to the worldA writer is…..The voice of the hear
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|If you celebrate your differentness, the world will, too. It believes exactly what you tell it—through the words you use to describe yourself, the actions you take to care for yourself, and the choices you make to express yourself. Tell the world you are one-of-a-kind creation who came here to experience wonder and spread joy. Expect to be accommodated.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|Even in a personal sense, after all, art is an intensified life. By art one is more deeply satisfied and more rapidly used up. It engraves on the countenance of its servant the traces of imaginary and intellectual adventures, and even if he has outwardly existed in cloistral tranquility, it leads in the long term to overfastidiousness, over-refinement, nervous fatigue and overstimulation, such as can seldom result from a life of the most extravagant passions and pleasures.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Rest leads to renewal of spirit, soul and strength.
Saaif Alam|If moral truths do not exist as a foundation for law, then law itself becomes merely a system of raw political power accountable to no one.
Paul J. Zak, The Moral Molecule: The Source of Love and Prosperity|My research shows that improving the quality of education is a cost-free way to raise prosperity. it's cost-free because it reinforces so many of the other things we need to keep the virtuous cycle rolling that, ultimately, the increase in economic benefits far outstrips the cost of the investment. Education brings more people into the comfort zone of higher income, which increases trust, then causes people to demand better government, which further increases the trust, which further reduces inequality, which increases the pool of those who will get a good education.
Debasish Mridha|Love yourself as much you can before loving others. If you don't have something, you can't give it to anyone.
Gary L. Francione|We do not need to eat animals, wear animals, or use animals for entertainment purposes, and our only defense of these uses is our pleasure, amusement, and convenience.
Samuel Johnson|I do think, in time, people will have, sort of, relationships with certain kinds of robots - not every robot, but certain kinds of robots - where they might feel that it is a sort of friendship, but it's going to be of a robot-human kind.
Betty  Smith|You must not let me out,' it warned him gently, as it saw his eyes rest on the lock.'If you release me now that I know my nature, I could not help but unmake the enchantment of the mirrors. You see, they are tame now and they show only what people want and need to see in them. The wildness of them is bound up in my form, though I did not know it for a long time. If I were uncaged, I could not help but tear at the enchantment until I was unnamed. Then I would fly into all of the mirrors and windows and into shining footpaths after rain. The mirrors would become wild and they would be absolutely, utterly truthful. Everything would be seen for what it truly was. My laughter would greet every lie and every pretense. It would rumble like a volcano under the smooth surface of everything. You can imagine the chaos it would cause here, for those who dwell in the greylands do so because the mirrors are tamed. If I were free, people would come to be afraid of them. They would cease to believe in their reflections and eventually they would no longer believe in themselves. No, laughter must remain caged here.
Stephen King, It|For a moment he felt a wild hope: perhaps this really was a nightmare. Perhaps he would awake in his own bed, bathed in sweat, shaking, maybe even crying . . . but alive. Safe. Then he pushed the thought away. Its charm was deadly, its comfort fatal.
Zoë Brigley, Conquest|Beneath my dress is a ladder of desire,that I climb tonight and each night after that.
Ramon Ravenswood, Twilight Zone Encounters|You whom my body longs for,where are you?In the stars, in the river, over the rainbow?Perhaps you hide in the shadows of the mountains,whistling in the wind through mighty peaksJust maybe you are in every corner of my beingawaiting invocationÔ Manna Breathfill my life with your infinite power
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|Although once when we were talking after class, Herr Silverman told me that when someone rises up and holds himself to a higher standard, even when doing so benefits others, average people resent it, mostly because they’re not strong enough to do the same.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Kill me, then! You will not win, you cannot win! The wand will never, ever be yours-
Friedrich Heinrich Karl de la Motte Fouqué, Undine, The Water Sprite: Spring|You must know, my own love, that in each element there exists a race of beings, whose form scarcely differs from yours, but who very seldom appear to mortal sight … you now see before you, my love, an undine.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|A marriage is about how clever you deal with it, not about pushing it away when hurricanes come crashing down. You've to be strong and find a way to not let the world tear your marriage apart.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|Man makes his own destiny. Despite being a woman, she makes Man, a Gentleman.
Sami Abouzid|I never thought I would lose you I never thought You would be gone I never thought The love we had Now is done,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,You meant the world to me You are all I had in life My magical symphony Had ended tonight ………………………
Helen Nearing, The Good Life: Helen and Scott Nearing's Sixty Years of Self-Sufficient Living|The value of doing something does not lie in the ease or difficulty, the probability or improbability of its achievement, but in the vision, the plan, the determination and the perseverance, the effort and the struggle which go into the project. Life is enriched by aspiration and effort, rather than by acquisition and accumulation.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|The road to success is built up as you travel, its blue print never exists.
Malin Persson Giolito|The compound feelings have vanished, the mixture of colors in an art shop, sixteen shades of eggshell. Yellow and blue make green. Friendship? Jealousy? Tenderness? Consideration, sympathy. Happiness. I miss happiness the most, the mixture of everything, of all the negative emotions, a drop of surprise and a bit of joy. Happiness is the perfect blend, but no one knows the recipe.
Stephan Attia, The Rising Lines of Wonderment: Poetry|Time, so majestically fine, was passing by when I asked him to stop, a while, and lay his imprint upon the spaciousness of feelings: his face, reflected in the mirror of my memories, his smile, envisaged by my eyes, in quest of his new dwellings with wells of meanings. And there, he stopped its moment... and kissed my curiosity. It was then when I felt in love with him.
Geoffrey Nunberg, Ascent of the A-Word: Assholism, the First Sixty Years|Often misconstrued, authenticity is not about being an open book, revealing every detail of yourself without rhyme or reason. It is simply the act of openly and courageously seeing what needs to be seen, saying what needs to be said, doing what needs to be done, and becoming that which you are intent on being.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Blood began to flow, at first cautiously, as if embarrassed by its appearance; a few thin red lines exploring the gravitational trajectory of its new terrain. Now it flowed faster, steadily staining her pale flesh a horrific red.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Expectations hurt, be it sorry, be it thank you.
Debasish Mridha|Don't wait for a perfect husband, love a man endlessly to make him perfect.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|Evil is termed as sin because it has the power to attract the mind. It acts upon our mind and heart to do what nature desires, even when such acts are prohibited by the laws of society. We feel guilty doing things that nature has designed as perfectly natural.
John Boyd Orr|All Church power is, therefore, properly ministerial and administrative. Everything is to be done in the name of Christ, and in accordance with his directions.
Margaret  Slade|I have seen under the sun, vengeance is of the Lord.
Julia Quinn, It's in His Kiss|This is a wonderful day,” Anthony was muttering to himself. “A wonderful day.” He looked up sharply at Gareth. “You don’t have sisters, do you?”“None,” Gareth confirmed.“I am in possession of four,” Anthony said, tossing back at least a third of the contents of his glass. “Four. And now they’re all off my hands. I’m done,” he said, looking as if he might break into a jig at any moment. “I’m free.”“You’ve daughters, don’t you?” Gareth could not resist reminding him.“Just one, and she’s only three. I have years before I have to go through this again. If I’m lucky, she’ll convert to Catholicism and become a nun.Gareth choked on his drink.“It’s good, isn’t it?” Anthony said, looking at the bottle. “Aged twenty-four years.”“I don’t believe I’ve ever ingested anything quite so ancient,” Gareth murmured.
Martin Luther, The Bondage of the Will|Hi! I'm Ethan, I shop at Ikea. I bought a $300 dining suite and it took me three days to assemble!
Nathaniel Branden|It is a mistake to look at someone who is self assertive and say, "It's easy for her, she has good self-esteem." One of the ways you build self-esteem is by being self-assertive when it is not easy to do so. There are always times when self-assertiveness requires courage, no matter how high your self-esteem.
Charles Dickens, Christmas Stories|But the windows of the house of Memory, and the windows of the house of Mercy, are not so easily closed as windows of glass and wood. They fly open unexpectedly; they rattle in the night; they must be nailed up. Mr. The Englishman had tried nailing them, but had not driven the nails quite home. So he passed but a disturbed evening and a worse night.
Tony Benn|When I read the script, I liked the script very much and I thought it was a marvelous part for her, because I think it is a change of pace. I mean, we know how wonderful she is in romantic comedy.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|But still, my heart beats. It dreams. It wonders. And most dangerous of all, it hopes, because despite its smallness, this hope is still a great something
Sherman Alexie|If one reads enough books one has a fighting chance. Or better, one's chances of survival increase with each book one reads.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|Gemma had blond hair and blue eyes. I did not.Gemma was always an A student. I was more of a B-all-you-can-be kind of gal.When Gemma was into science, I was into skipping.When Gemma was into foreign languages, I was into the hot Italian guy down the street.
Adam Smith|When you're building a company, you need to continually strengthen every component - finance, strategic partnerships, executive team, and relationships with every last constituency.
Ondrelique C. Ouellette|But then again...perhaps the whole human race is cursed, and I'm simply in the lower echelon and therefore lose everything first.
Isaac Asimov, Pebble in the Sky|It is true that all of us are the beneficiaries of crimes committed by our ancestors, and it is true that nothing can be done about that now because the victims are dead and the survivors are innocent. These are good reasons for keeping our mouths shut about the past: but tell me, what are our reasons for silence about atrocities still to come?
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you need a helping hand, look inside you before anywhere else!
Ivar Giaever|As in biomedical science, pioneering industrial inventions have not been mothered by necessity. Rather, inventions for which there was no commercial use only later became the commercial airplanes, xerography and lasers on which modern society depends.
Dallas Willard, Renovation of the Heart: Putting On the Character of Christ|We don't believe something by merely saying we believe it, or even when we believe that we believe it. We believe something when we act as if it were true.
Steve Lowe, The Best Of Is It Just Me Or Is Everything Shit?|Funny how you never hear novelists or painters say they work in the 'creative industries', but only squalid little advertising people. How could this be? (.....)If you listen to advertisers, you'd think they're the fucking Oracle and that for a fee they'll slip you the Answer. They are obsessed with being seen as 'creative', but what they do seems rather to be 'parasitical' : pinching cultural innovations and using them to persuade people that they want stuff. So there's a dilemma for us all to think 'creatively' about.
Joseph E. Stiglitz, Making Globalization Work|We may need to put down the book from time to time, but we should make sure not to let the computer become the new book. The universal medium, like the universal library, is a dream that does more harm than good.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|To them, as to Magnus, time was like rain, glittering as it fell, changing the world, but something that could also be taken for granted.Until you loved a mortal. Then time became gold in a miser's hands, every bright year counted out carefully, infinitely precious, and each one slipping through your fingers.
Ed O'Neill|Americans in particular are myopic. They're not traveling as much. When you were a college student, the next thing you would do on graduation was to take a year off and travel. That's what I did. I went to Indonesia.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|There was a sense of tightness in the room now, filling the space. Attraction was like that. It filled. It poured into you like batter into a pan, sticking to the sides.
James Beard|Food security is not in the supermarket. It's not in the government. It's not at the emergency services division. True food security is the historical normalcy of packing it in during the abundant times, building that in-house larder, and resting easy knowing that our little ones are not dependent on next week's farmers' market or the electronic cashiers at the supermarket.
Virginia Toole|Thanks to you my toughest life lessons.. it may appear that I'm falling, ... but, I' m stronger than I have ever been
M.F. Moonzajer|JAY: Why is a story more upfront than life?LENORE: It just seems more honest, somehow.JAY: Honest meaning closer to the truth?LENORE: I smell trap.JAY: I smell breakthrough. The truth is that there's no difference between a life and a story? But a life pretends to be something more? But it really isn't more?LENORE: I would kill for a shower.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|He supposed he was one of those unfortunates born with a great capacity for suffering.... He opened his eyes a moment and they were dark with fear, for only one race was run as yet and there might be many others.... Then his newborn courage came back to him and he accepted his suffering as the price he must pay for the gift of creation that was his. And suffering, he had discovered, could be the gateway to renewal, than which no more glorious experience can be man's on earth.
Mariama Bâ, So Long a Letter|Each life has its share of heroism, an obscure heroism, born of abdication, of renunciation and acceptance under the merciless whip of fate.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|When a single cat let loose a war cry, it was an unsettling sound. When two cats suddenly wailed at each other in a similar fashion, it was downright unne
Julie Cotton, The Theory of Learning: An Introduction|The suggestion that the normal human brain has an almost infinite capacity is important: it means that almost everyone is educable. Given enough time and the right opportunities, everyone can learn anything. It is a sad commentary on the training and teaching profession that so many people feel that they are incapable of learning; surely our teaching and instruction is at fault when we reject someone as a failure. How can we say they have not learned when we have used only a small part of the learner's mental capacity. Mea culpa.
Andie MacDowell|My mom was a great tennis player, and I remember being six or seven years old watching Steffi Graf and Monica Seles in Wimbledon in my house. I've always been a tennis fan.
Katarina Jovic, Howling at the Stars|Did I behave myself tonight, Ross?’ she asked. ‘Did I behave as Mrs Poldark should behave?’‘You misbehaved monstrously,’ he said, ‘and were a triumph.
John Lennon|When you do something noble and beautiful and nobody noticed, do not be sad. For the sun every morning is a beautiful spectacle and yet most of the audience still sleeps.
Teju Cole, Every Day is for the Thief|But now I understand something more fully that I once only understood abstractly. I see how utterly ridiculous it is to think that the state can be the right means to help those who are poor or living at the margins of society. The state is their enemy, as it is for everyone else.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|All right, he thought, okay; if thats the way it is; a savagery of anger in him now at the picture. They call them "pin-up girls" and think its cute how "our boys," now that they're drafted, love to hang them in their wall lockers. And then close up all the whorehouses, every place they can, so our young men will not be contaminated.
Richard Curtis|Shooting Willoughby carrying Marianne up the path. They did it four times. 'Faster,' said Ang [Lee]. They do it twice more. 'Don't pant so much,' said Ang. Greg [Wise (playing Willoughby)], to his great credit, didn't scream.
Ismat Ahmed Shaikh|Knowledge, you may get from books but wisdom is trapped within you, release it.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|Mankind is a single body and each nation a part of that body. We must never say "What does it matter to me if some part of the world is ailing?" If there is such an illness, we must concern ourselves with it as though we were having that illness.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Take|My aunt and overprivileged cousin only recognize two states of being: glitter and grunge. And if you weren’t glitter, well, that only left one other option.
Luminita D. Saviuc|Fill your heart with love. Forgive and let go. Not necessarily because those who mistreated you deserve it, but because you do. Let forgiveness liberate you from your past. Allow it to take away all the resentment you’ve kept in your heart for all this time and allow it to fill in that empty space with love. Forgive, release and let go.
Rush Limbaugh|I don't trust liberals, I trust conservatives.
Orson Scott Card, The Lost Gate|The world always said to just be yourself, but it turned out when Evelyn was herself, no guys were at all interested, so she was left with games of make-believe, expressing enthusiasm for whatever the men wanted to do, be it rock climbing or going to a cheese-beer pairing or a Knicks game.
David Willis McCullough, Wars of the Irish Kings: A Thousand Years of Struggle, from the Age of Myth through the Reign of Queen Elizabeth I|...early medieval Ireland sounds like a somewhat crazed Wisconsin, in which every dairy farm is an armed camp at perpetual war with its neighbors, and every farmer claims he is a king.
Fredric Jameson|I also argued before the war that the administration was underestimating Arab nationalism and Iraqi nationalism, that it was not going to be as easy to rule Iraq as they thought.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|I knew who I was now. I had figured out how to love myself. And more and more each day, I was learning to be myself in the world. Life felt completely different, like I was sipping the perfection of a made-to-order drink that was exactly what I had imagined. As I looked up at the stars right then, I found myself saying, “This is what it was supposed to be like all along.
J.M. Coetzee, Life and Times of Michael K|The ingenerating of a principle of grace in the soul seems in Scripture to be compared to the conceiving of Christ in the womb... And the conception of Christ in the womb of the blessed virgin by the power of the Holy Ghost, seems to be a designed resemblance of the conception of Christ in the soul of a believer by the power of the same Holy Ghost.
Jordan Castillo Price, Vertigo|I suggest you give up now. According to my research, in a vampire-werewolf love triangle, the vampire always gets the girl.
Michael Ondaatje|Across the valley, a waterfall stumbles down. In a month or two the really hard rains will come down for eighteen hours a day and that waterfall will once again become tough as a glacier and wash away the road. But now it looks as delicate as the path of a white butterfly in a long-exposed photograph.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|I can do this, I lied to myself feebly. No one was going to bite me.
Vernor Vinge|The essence of real creativity is a certain playfulness, a flitting from idea to idea without getting bogged down by fixated demands. Of course, you don’t always get what you thought you were asking for.
Joseph Conrad|What you will encounter is 'grace unmeasured, vast and free' --the kind that will frighten and free you at the same time. That's what grace does, after all.
Eddie Izzard, Glorious|But with dogs, we do have "bad dog." Bad dog exists. "Bad dog! Bad dog! Stole a biscuit, bad dog!" The dog is saying, "Who are you to judge me? You human beings who’ve had genocide, war against people of different creeds, colors, religions, and I stole a biscuit?! Is that a crime? People of the world!""Well, if you put it that way, I think you’ve got a point. Have another biscuit, sorry.
Francis A. Schaeffer, True Spirituality: How to Live for Jesus Moment by Moment|The command has been to 'go,' but we have stayed – in body, gifts, prayer and influence. He has asked us to be witnesses unto the uttermost parts of the earth ... but 99% of Christians have kept puttering around in the homeland.
Brian Tracy|The potential of the average person is like a huge ocean unsailed, anew continent unexplored, a world of possibilities waiting to bereleased and channeled toward some great good.
Candida Martinelli, Violet's Problem|There are no more gates, only hinges clinging to the walls like broken spiders.
Honor Raconteur Deepwoods|father taught me that the tongue should have three gatekeepers: Is it true? Is it kind? Is it necessary? If it’s not one of those three, it’s best not to say it
A.E. Samaan|I feel that for white America to understand the significance of the problem of the Negro will take a bigger and tougher America than any we have yet known. I feel that America's past is too shallow, her national character too superficially optimistic, her very morality too suffused with color hate for her to accomplish so vast and complex a task. Culturally the Negro represents a paradox: Though he is an organic part of the nation, he is excluded by the ride and direction of American culture. Frankly, it is felt to be right to exclude him, and it if felt to be wrong to admit him freely. Therefore if, within the confines of its present culture, the nation ever seeks to purge itself of its color hate, it will find itself at war with itself, convulsed by a spasm of emotional and moral confusion. If the nation ever finds itself examining its real relation to the Negro, it will find itself doing infinitely more than that; for the anti-Negro attitude of whites represents but a tiny part - though a symbolically significant one - of the moral attitude of the nation. Our too-young and too-new America, lusty because it is lonely, aggressive because it is afraid, insists upon seeing the world in terms of good and bad, the holy and the evil, the high and the low, the white and the black; our America is frightened of fact, of history, of processes, of necessity. It hugs the easy way of damning those whom it cannot understand, of excluding those who look different, and it salves its conscience with a self-draped cloak of righteousness. Am I damning my native land? No; for I, too, share these faults of character! And I really do not think that America, adolescent and cocksure, a stranger to suffering and travail, an enemy of passion and sacrifice, is ready to probe into its most fundamental beliefs.
Lily Amis, Angel of Love  Lily: Zak, My Sweet Inspiration|But I will not repine. It cannot last long. He will be forgot, and we shall all be as we were before.
Jed Rubenfeld|A woman's love for a man is half animal passion and half hate. The more a woman loves a man, the more she hates him.
Ron Wyden|When I became an entrepreneur, I had the knowledge to develop and manage budgets, market products and review legal contracts.
Holly Ordway|You can't fake joy. Authentic joy is the kind that grows out of the soil of pain and doubt and fear, because that is the reality of the world.
Thomas Huxley|I have discovered the secret of happiness - it is work, either with the hands or the head. The moment I have something to do, the draughts are open and my chimney draws, and I am happy.
J.E.  Allen, Year of Fire and Ash|Please let's change subject, as despite the alliteration, I don't think Politics and Puddings go together.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Someone who lies and someone who tells the truth are playing on opposite sides, so to speak, in the same game. Each responds to the facts as he understands them, although the response of the one is guided by the authority of the truth, while the response of the other defies that authority and refuses to meet its demands. The bullshitter ignores these demands altogether. He does not reject the authority of the truth, as the liar does, and oppose himself to it. He pays no attention to it at all. By virtue of this, bullshit is a greater enemy of the truth than lies are.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Strong Poison|Gee, I'm sorry I didn't hear you in all this rain. Go ahead in, please."Anthony Perkin's Norman BatesTalking To Janet Leigh's Marion Crane.
Tanya Masse|Taking care of yourself, taking time for yourself & rewarding yourself is NOT selfish. It’s important & absolutely necessary!
Akshay Vasu|When the people whom we love the most leave us, we start learning to live with the shadows they have left inside us.
Katelyne Parker, Hosanna|Joseph went from prison toprime minister from trials to triumph, from scar-weary to stardom.
Paul Klee|When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
Lake Bell|Not everything in old age is grim. I haven't walked through an airport for years, and wheelchairs are the way to travel.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall much be required.
Helen Suzman|Philanthropy is involved with basic innovations that transform society, not simply maintaining the status quo or filling basic social needs that were formerly the province of the public sector.
Edward Ross, Filmish: A Graphic Journey Through Film|VR and AR will eventually converge, and smart glasses will take over our digital interactions.
Mhairi McFarlane, You Had Me At Hello|The rain is falling all around,It falls on field and tree,It rains on the umbrellas here,And on the ships at sea.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|When you do a bad deed, if God did not forgive you, it might punishes you at the same time of conducting the bad deed, or it will take forty years, if during forty years you did not get the punishment, be sure will keep the punishment for you to the day of judgment.
Amy Andrews, Some Girls Lie|Even though it inspires some of the world's greatest literature, music, and art, obsessive love is one of the most potent and compelling of tortures and one of the most difficult to overcome -- especially because it feels beyond conscious control. Tormented lovers try the patience even of those who truly love them, because they sufferers do not desire help extricating themselves though they claim to be seeking it; this is an illness from which no one wants to be cured.
J.R. Ward, Dead After Dark|God, now she knew what decent men felt like, the disquiet before taking someone for their first time.
Dennis Quaid|I have profoundly mixed feelings about the Affordable Care Act. What I love about it is its impulse. It attempts to deal with this intractable problem in American health care life, which is that a significant portion of the population does not have access to quality medical care.
Kim Harrison, Every Which Way But Dead|And then there are the rare ones who know love, who understand it. Who freely give of themselves, demanding only a return of that love,that trust.
Ben Platt|Ultimately, there's always been a link between comic books and video games, and comic books and movies, and then basically all three steadily becoming this sort of transmedia.
Orrin Woodward|Never become a slave to tradition, learn to foresee new things.
Serena Williams|I really encourage people to travel so we can see how the rest of the world views our country. That's really important. Secondly, as artists, activists, and citizens who vote, we have to begin to vote from our heart.
Hannibal|I only need 1 thing: Everything" - Sengoku Nadeko
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|If this is the best of possible worlds, what then are the others?
Joya Ryan, Chasing Trouble|Can we have breakfast now? No matter how sweet it is, a man can’t live on pussy alone.
Carl Sagan|Present global culture is a kind of arrogant newcomer. It arrives on the planetary stage following four and a half billion years of other acts, and after looking about for a few thousand years declares itself in possession of eternal truths. But in a world that is changing as fast as ours, this is a prescription for disaster. No nation, no religion, no economic system, no body of knowledge, is likely to have all the answers for our survival. There must be many social systems that would work far better than any now in existence. In the scientific tradition, our task is to find them.
Frances Wright|Easter may seem boring to children, and it is blessedly unencumbered by the silly fun that plagues Christmas. Yet it contains the one thing needful for every human life: the good news of Resurrection.
Karen Amanda Hooper, Dangerous Depths|Don't let things go, if you truly don't want them to go, trying again is far better than regret.
Shannon Hale|Rin thought of the crossbow bolt. Of the whoosh and sting of wind and fire heat and the man who would have killed her. Of pushing in front of Enna. Of almost dying. Of home and Ma and being farther away than the lands in tales, and maybe never going home. Of standing by a strange tree in a faraway wood with girls who spoke the language of fire. Of a queen of Kel who wanted them dead.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Maybe I should have got some chili-slaw dogs from Shorty’s. Everybody loves those.”	“Buddy,” Lars said, dropping his shoes to the deck with a thump, “sit yourself down and stop fussing. You’re reminding me of my Aunt Glynna with all this temperature takin’ and foil tuckin’. This food is fine.
Mikhail Bakunin|There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|But that's the thing with death. The whisper of it descent travels fast and wide, and people must've know I'd become a corpse because nobody even came to view the body.
Nora Ephron|I think there are different kinds of comedians, and I prefer the clowns who are going: 'I'm an idiot, aren't we all a bit like this, laugh at me.' Whereas, a lot of other comedians are saying: 'Aren't I clever? You want to be me, aren't I cool? Revere me.' Which is fine. But that's not my bag.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Awakened|Don’t worry,” I said. “We won’t be having slumber parties and spa days any time soon.” “I quite like spa days.
Michael Holbrook, Dear You, Live! Love, Life: Awaking your spirit, overcoming fears & excuses, and living a purposeful, fulfilling life.|If you are allowing something to upset or anger you, try this: Before giving in to those negative emotions, try and think of one positive thing, one learning that you will gain, a single glimpse of something that you can use to build a positive future. Here’s a nudge to push you along: You own your mind. You choose to be either a victim or to take control.
Sarah Orne Jewett, The Country of the Pointed Firs|Great,' I said. 'Visit exotic Australia. Get bitten by an exotic snake. Die exotically.
Bernard Williams|I met two or three men who were very kind to me. There was a magistrate who couldn't stand priests, and a priest who didn't have a good word to say for magistrates; and there was a landlord who let furnished rooms by the hour and spoke highly of both priests and magistrates, because both were his best clients.
Syed Sharukh|Everyone kept asking me to stay, so I did.
Kevin Stirtz|To work best democracy needs a diversity of thoughts, ideas and expression. This is only possible with freedom and civility.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|Leaving the feasibility of testicular transplants alone for the moment, she said, “It was mostly my mistake.
Thomas Jefferson|I have observed that gentlemen suppose that the general legislature will do every thing mischievous they possibly can, and that they will omit to do every thing good which they are authorized to do. If this were a reasonable supposition, their objections would be good. I consider it reasonable to conclude that they will as readily do their duty as deviate from it; nor do I go on the grounds mentioned by gentlemen on the other side — that we are to place unlimited confidence in them, and expect nothing but the most exalted integrity and sublime virtue. But I go on this great republican principle, that the people will have virtue and intelligence to select men of virtue and wisdom. Is there no virtue among us? If there be not, we are in a wretched situation. No theoretical checks, no form of government, can render us secure. To suppose that any form of government will secure liberty or happiness without any virtue in the people, is a chimerical idea. If there be sufficient virtue and intelligence in the community, it will be exercised in the selection of these men; so that we do not depend on their virtue, or put confidence in our rulers, but in the people who are to choose them.” James Madison (speech at the Virginia Ratifying Convention, 20 June 1788)
Emma Goldman, Red Emma Speaks|America is no longer a country that cares about experts. In fact, it hates experts. If you can't fit a story into the culture-war storyline in ten seconds or less, it dies.
Roland Allen|Mind and spirit together make up that which separates us from the rest of the animal world, that which enables a man to know the truth and that which enables him to die for the truth.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|The night surrounds, breathes across her skin. They’re lost in the shadows of the moon.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|1)	Everyone nodded in silent agreement, and then one by onedisappeared into the castle’s dark shadowswhere night met blackened airand creepy thingswhispered the most haunting words into the wind.
Anthony Mackie|Everybody knows when you've got a role in a Spike Lee movie, you're gonna blow up. But I happen to be the only person who's had the lead in the two Spike Lee movies nobody saw.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Dr. Kristin Neff is a researcher and professor at the University of Texas at Austin. She runs the Self-Compassion Research Lab, where she studies how we develop and practice self-compassion. According to Neff, self-compassion has three elements: self-kindness, common humanity, and mindfulness. Here are abbreviated definitions for each of these: Self-kindness: Being warm and understanding toward ourselves when we suffer, fail, or feel inadequate, rather than ignoring our pain or flagellating ourselves with self-criticism. Common humanity: Common humanity recognizes that suffering and feelings of personal inadequacy are part of the shared human experience—something we all go through rather than something that happens to “me” alone. Mindfulness: Taking a balanced approach to negative emotions so that feelings are neither suppressed nor exaggerated. We cannot ignore our pain and feel compassion for it at the same time. Mindfulness requires that we not “over-identify” with thoughts and feelings, so that we are caught up and swept away by negativity.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|This thing in your chest, slightly tilted towards the left, could be fidgety at times. Make sure you set it right.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|In a well-balanced, reasoning mind there is no such thing as an intuition - an inspired guess! You can guess, of course - and a guess is either right or wrong. If it is right you can call it an intuition. If it is wrong you usually do not speak of it again. But what is often called an intuition is really impression based on logical deduction or experience. When an expert feels that there is something wrong about a picture or a piece of furniture or the signature on a cheque he is really basing that feeling on a host of a small signs and details. He has no need to go into them minutely - his experience obviates that - the net result is the definite impression that something is wrong. But it is not a guess, it is an impression based on experience.
Charli XCX|If I could have been a marine biologist I would have, but I didn't have that kind of intelligence. Numbers were never my strong point.
Khurshed Batliwala|Study for Knowledge, not for marks. If you have the Knowledge, you will get the marks.
غسان كنفاني, All That's Left to You: A Novella and Short Stories|Literacy is a bridge from misery to hope. It is a tool for daily life in modern society. It is a bulwark against poverty, and a building block of development, an essential complement to investments in roads, dams, clinics and factories. Literacy is a platform for democratization, and a vehicle for the promotion of cultural and national identity. Especially for girls and women, it is an agent of family health and nutrition. For everyone, everywhere, literacy is, along with education in general, a basic human right.... Literacy is, finally, the road to human progress and the means through which every man, woman and child can realize his or her full potential.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Out, damned spot! out, I say!
Terry Pratchett|The harder I work, the luckier I become.
Rachel Kushner|Foreigners who speak Arabic in the Middle East are often assumed to be working for the C.I.A. or Israel's intelligence agency, the Mossad.
Chloe Neill, Firespell|Oh please," Scout said."Don't take that tone with me. You know you'd love to have a minion. Someone at your beck and call. Someone to do your bidding. How many times have you said to yourself," Self, I need a unicorn to run errands and such?
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|I took a chance, I took a shot And you may think I’m bullet-proof, but I’m not. You took a swing, I took it hard. And down here from the ground I see who you are
Tia Carrere|I have these visions of myself being thirty, thirty-five, forty having a family.
J.W. Dunne, An Experiment with Time|In my own case, I employed this experiment mainly in order to seek for the barrier, if any, which divides our knowledge of the past from our knowledge of the future. And the odd thing was that there did not seem to be any such barrier at all.
D.S. Mixell|How...how do you feel about me?”“I think it’s pretty obvious.”“Let’s just say I need a detailed account.”His lashes lifted and his eyes met mine. “I can do that for you.”“Okay.” I leaned toward him.“I never once stopped thinking about you when you were taken away. Four years. All I could hope was that you were in a good place. Never expected you to walk into school. Didn’t even allow myself to dream about that. And then you did, and seeing you blew me away. You were just like I remembered, but different. The hints of the girl I saw in you when we were younger were now right in front of me. The moment you said my name—the moment you hugged me I knew.” Rider reached between us, folding his hand around mine. “I knew I’d fall in love with you and I did. I love you, Mallory.”My lips parted on an inhale. “What?”“I love you, and not the kind of love we had for each other when we were younger, you know? Paige knows that. So does Hector. So did Jayden. I love you.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|It's chance, I tell you,' he interrupted, ' as everything is in a man's life.
Waqar Masood|There is treasure hidden beneath the entire land, but the problem is people are unwilling to dig it out.
Horace Greeley|We're all prostitutes if you think about it. The whole capitalist system is built on meretriciousness. You sell your body or you sell your mind, and the Cartesian mind/body thing is a fallacy anyway, your mind is just your brain, so it amounts to the same thing really.
Philip Appleman|No philosophy, no religion, has ever brought so glad a message to the world as this good news of Atheism.
Jack Dancer, Detour Paris|When you come to a detour, take it.
Joel T. McGrath|It doesn't matter how long you're here for, or what accomplishments you have, it matters what you do with that time and the type of person that you are.
Melanie Joy, Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows: An Introduction to Carnism: The Belief System That Enables Us to Eat Some Animals and Not Others|It is impossible to exercise free will as long as we are operating from within the system. Free will requires consciousness, and our pervasive and deep-seated patterns of thought are unconscious; they are outside of our awareness and therefore outside of our control. While we remain in the system, we see the world through the eyes of carnism. And as long as we look through eyes other than our own, we will be living in accordance to a truth that is not of our own choosing. We must step outside the system to find our lost empathy and make choices that reflect what we truly feel and believe, rather than what we've been taught to feel and believe.
Kelly Clarkson|Everything changes, but beauty remains.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|I have only to glance over my shoulder for all those years to drop away and I see it behind me again, the ravine, rising all green and black through the saplings, a picture that will never leave me.
Adam P. Knave, Crazy Little Things|You can get used to horror, he thought. When it has lost immediacy and is no longer pungent and has become a steady diet. When it has degraded to a chain of mind-numbing events. (“Lover When You're Near Me”)
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|In my view, the spurning of DID is highly connected with knowing and not knowing about child sexual abuse. Side by side with denial of childhood trauma and of severe dissociation, is an unmistakable cognizance of dissociative processes as they are embedded in our language. We regularly say things such as, "pull yourself together", "he is coming unglued", "she was beside herself", "don't fall apart", "he's not all there", "she was shattered", and so on.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|He said that it was very difficult to become an astronaut. I said that I knew. You had to become an officer in the air force and you had to take lots of orders and be prepared to kill other human beings, and I couldn't take orders. Also I didn't have 20/20 vision, which you needed to be a pilot.
Debasish Mridha|For a peaceful world, the golden rules to live by are mutual understanding, respect, tolerance, forgiveness, and love.
Gary   Hopkins|You fill a bucket drop by drop. You clear your mind thought by thought. You heal yourself moment by moment. Today I make one drop, clear one thought, and get present to one moment. And then I do it again.
Kerry E. Wagner, Never Let Go of My Hand|You must dare, and dare again, and then dare a little bit more, and go on daring.
M.T. Anderson, The Kingdom on the Waves|There are some who believe that the mind is a blank tablet, on which experience is writ until the page be full, and the cryptic world is known; but I see rather that my own life hath been one long forgetting, the erasure of what was drawn, a terrible redaction; til all that remains is blank white and comfortless.I know not what we have been; I know not what we are; but I know what we might be.And so I light out for the unknown regions.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Duke of Midnight|In the vestibule of the Manchester Town Hall are placed two life-sized marble statues facing each other. One of these is that of John Dalton ... the other that of James Prescott Joule. ... Thus the honour is done to Manchester's two greatest sons—to Dalton, the founder of modern Chemistry and of the atomic theory, and the laws of chemical-combining proportions; to Joule, the founder of modern physics and the discoverer of the Law of Conservation of Energy.One gave to the world the final proof ... that in every kind of chemical change no loss of matter occurs; the other proved that in all the varied modes of physical change, no loss of energy takes place.
Bryce Courtenay|You are so lost to your higher self that you would resent me for my achievements, rather than celebrate them with me, sexually?
Oskar Kokoschka|How do I define art? A work of art is not an object of monetary value; it is a timid attempt by man to recreate the miracle of which every young woman is capable: to produce life from nothing. Hence, only women and artists have respect for life, and the segment of the so-called "society" that denies women the right to vote and therefore to participate, and denies artists the right to exist, does not really care for life. It oppresses humanity,and it has, directly or indirectly, a vested interest in wars.
Walt Disney Company|Landscapes of great wonder and beauty lie under our feet and all around us. They are discovered in tunnels in the ground, the heart of flowers, the hollows of trees, fresh-water ponds, seaweed jungles between tides, and even drops of water. Life in these hidden worlds is more startling in reality than anything we can imagine. How could this earth of ours, which is only a speck in the heavens, have so much variety of life, so many curious and exciting creatures?
Clive Barker, Abarat|Darkness always had its part to play. Without it, how would we know when we walked in the light? It’s only when its ambitions become too grandiose that it must be opposed, disciplined, sometimes—if necessary—brought down for a time. Then it will rise again, as it must.
Nadia Comaneci|Education should learn from the positive side of gaming - reward, accomplishment, and fun.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|He pressed his lips to her shoulder, whispering along her soft skin, "I'm right where I want to be.
Anna Deavere Smith|Hopefully, when people see 'Senna', they will understand why this inspirational story needed to be told, why it had to be made as a movie for the big screen, and why it is a film for everyone.
Stetson Kennedy|I recall Ghandi said ultimately all things devolve into the political, but I'd argue that all things devolve into pro-people and anti-people. And I can pose the question, which side are you on?
E'yen A. Gardner, Poetic License|And like nectar inside the bud,my blood drinks from your blood, beloved,and starves to join the salvation in your eyes;to be understood again and again, by your nakedness and certainty, a humbleness that trickles into the crevices of my seasoned mind.
Saint Bruno|While the world changes, the cross stands firm.
Robert Lowell, Collected Poems|I saw the spiders marching through the air,Swimming from tree to tree that mildewed dayIn latter August when the hayCame creaking to the barn. But whereThe wind is westerly,Where gnarled November makes the spiders flyInto the apparitions of the sky,They purpose nothing but their ease and dieUrgently beating east to sunrise and the sea;
Mark A. Noll, The Civil War as a Theological Crisis|A new movement reinforced by activists such as Buddhist monks, physicians who practised traditional medicine, teachers, farmers, and laborers brought Prime Minister Bandaranaike into the political helm. The leaders of the Davulawatta community considered this election a personal achievement. They saw this as a people's government and appreciated its genuine interest in fulfilling the needs of the common people. They trusted that the present government would eradicate poverty and the caste discrimination, and work to promote self-esteem.
Thomas J. Watson|Every few seconds it changes - up an eighth, down an eighth - it's like playing a slot machine. I lose $20 million, I gain $20 million.
Anne Sexton, Anne Sexton: A Self-Portrait in Letters|Anne, I don't want to live. . . . Now listen, life is lovely, but I Can't Live It. I can't even explain. I know how silly it sounds . . . but if you knew how it Felt. To be alive, yes, alive, but not be able to live it. Ay that's the rub. I am like a stone that lives . . . locked outside of all that's real. . . . Anne, do you know of such things, can you hear???? I wish, or think I wish, that I were dying of something for then I could be brave, but to be not dying, and yet . . . and yet to [be] behind a wall, watching everyone fit in where I can't, to talk behind a gray foggy wall, to live but to not reach or to reach wrong . . . to do it all wrong . . . believe me, (can you?) . . . what's wrong. I want to belong. I'm like a jew who ends up in the wrong country. I'm not a part. I'm not a member. I'm frozen.
William Swan Plumer|The child watched its disappearance--he was astounded but dreamy. His stupefaction was complicated by a sense of the dark reality of existence. It seemed as if there were experience in this dawning being. Did he, perchance, already exercise judgment? Experience coming too early constructs, sometimes, in the obscure depths of a child's mind, some dangerous balance--we know not what--in which the poor little soul weighs God.Feeling himself innocent, he yielded. There was no complaint-THE IRREPROACHABLE DOES NOT REPROACH.(The Man Who Laughs)
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Don Ricardo wanted a successor worthy of himself. Jorge would always be cocooned in the privileges of his class, hiding from his mediocrity in creature comforts. Penelope, the beautiful Penelope, was a woman, and therefore a treasure, not a treasurer. Julian, who had the soul of a poet, and therefore the soul of a murderer, fulfilled all the requirements. It was only a question of time.
Alan Bradley, Thrice the Brinded Cat Hath Mew'd|We always want to love the recipients of our charity," the doctor said, negotiating a sharp bend in the road with a surprising demonstration of steering skill, "but it is not necessary. Indeed, it is sometimes not possible.
Kevin Costner|One hour of life, crowded to the full with glorious action, and filled with noble risks, is worth whole years of those mean observances of paltry decorum, in which men steal through existence, like sluggish waters through a marsh, without either honor or observation.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Like all failed experiments, that one taught me something I didn’t expect: one key ingredient of so-called experience is the delusional faith that it is unique and special, that those included in it are privileged and those excluded from it are missing out. And I, like a scientist unwittingly inhaling toxic fumes from the beaker I was boiling in my lab, had, through sheer physical proximity, been infected by that same delusion and in my drugged state had come to believe I was Excluded: condemned to stand shivering outside the public library at Fifth Avenue and Forty-second Street forever and...
Mariah Carey|I got obsessed with classical music, I got obsessed with Chopin, with playing the piano.
Henry Hopper|The privilege I've had as a curator is not just the discovery of new works... but what I've discovered about myself and what I can offer in the space of an exhibition - to talk about beauty, to talk about power, to talk about ourselves, and to talk and speak to each other.
Anthony Liccione|Here's a strange fact: murder a man, and you feel responsible for his life - possessive, even. You know more about him than his father and mother; they knew his fetus, but you know his corpse. Only you can complete the story of his life, only you know why his body has to be pushed into the fire before its time, and why his toes curl up and fight for another hour on earth.
Cheryl Strayed, Torch|He was the most ordinary man in all the world, and yet in her memory he'd become luminous, like the prince in a fairy tale.
Robert Graves|My life has a mysterious purpose that I don't understand, and day by day, conflict by conflict, I learn by going where I have to go.
Debasish Mridha|You will find the peace, not by looking outside, but by changing your thoughts, feelings and perception inside.
Peter Diamandis|Open-source encyclopedias such as Wikipedia and search engines such as Google and Bing, which people can tap into anytime and anywhere via computers and smart phones, put a world of knowledge at our fingertips at a lower cost than ever before.
Walter de la Mare|When our heart wants to live in purity & do the right thing, God will keep us from falling into sin.
Glenn Beck, The Christmas Sweater|I considered him and felt the now familiar crush of emotions weighing on me, begging me to cave in and fall into his strong arms.I pushed back with every ounce of energy I had left. Every time I trusted someone, I got hurt. Every time I let go, I was let down. Not again. I would drive them away before the left.
Karen Russell, St. Lucy's Home for Girls Raised by Wolves|There is a rustle of dead leaves. Dried sap, a branch crack, the whirring teeth of Mr. Omaru's saw. My father--my real father--is a limb that got axed off the family tree a long time ago now. My mother coughs and cleans phantom juices off her silver with a cloth doily. My sisters clench their knives.
Dada Bhagwan|We’ (the Gnani Purush, the enlightened one) do not have the time to prove that ‘ours’ is correct; nor do ‘we’ have the time to make you correct as well.
Melody Beattie|When I was growing up, I, like many Jews, cheered what appeared to be the receding of faith from everyday life. The further religion got from our lives the better our lives would get, I thought, because persecution had been such a burden to Jewish families for generations.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|If two people said the same thing but only one of them said it beautifully, then only that one will conquer both the hearts and the minds of the people!
Michelle M. Pillow, The Jaded Hunter|It is true. Indeed, that is why I dared not speak. I have yearned to be again at the side of my beloved Arianllyn, and my thoughts are with her now. But had I chosen to return, I would ever wonder whether my choice was made through wisdom or following the wishes of my own heart. I see this is as it must be, and the destiny laid upon me. I am content to die here.
Shannon L. Alder|It is not through fighting the opposition that will win you dignity. It is when you fight the fear in yourself that asks you why you don't feel you have it, regardless if you win or lose.
Breeana Puttroff|He shook his head, trying to shake the convoluted thoughts loose. He couldn't worry about it right now. Not about how Thomas felt, or how Quinn did, or even how he, himself did. They were where they were, and there were things to do. First and foremost, there was a baby to deliver.
Louis L'Amour|It means little to anybody but us. We set store by kinfolk. We've our troubles from time to time, but when one of us is in danger, there'll be help from any who are around.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|One of the problems with all of this is that not all narratives are equal. Imagine, to take a silly example, that someone told you story after story extolling the virtues of eating dog shit. You've been told these stories since you were a child. You believe them. You eat dog shit hotdogs, dog shit ice cream, General Tso's dog shit. Sooner or later, if you are exposed to some other foods, you might figure out that dog shit really doesn't taste good. Or if you cling too tightly to these stories (or if your enculturation is so strong that dog shit actually does taste good to you), the diet might make you sick or kill you. To make this example a little less silly, substitute the word pesticides for dog shit. Or, for that matter, substitute Big Mac, Whopper, or Coca Cola.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|For if the will has nothing to employ it and love has no present object with which to busy itself, the soul finds itself without either support or occupation, its solitude and aridity cause it great distress and its thoughts involve it in the severest conflict.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|Our heroes are over there where the white crosses are. We're survivors over here. None of us are heroes. I don't think you'll talk to a man who say we are. You figure a hero is someone who does above and beyond the call of duty, and when you give your life that's as above and beyond as you can get- Earl McClung.
Rob Machado|No one does a better, cleaner, or environmental friendlier, than the United States, when it comes to drilling for oil, gas, coal, oil refineries and fish friendly hydroelectric.
Amy Klobuchar|I am no technophobe. I like being able to calibrate communication, depending on the situation - texting for the simple and immediate; email for business or when I want to put some lag time into the exchange; Twitter to promote something; Facebook to draw a crowd.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Be complimentary:Find something positive to say to compliment another person. Whether they are being a great parent, dressing nicely, maintaining a gorgeous yard, or winning a recent 5K run, pick something to acknowledge which is noteworthy.
Greg Graffin|Science is the most durable and nondivisive way of thinking about the human circumstance. It transcends cultural, national, and political boundaries. You don't have American science versus Canadian science versus Japanese science.
R.S. Grey, Scoring Wilder|The most crucial truths are always rejected before they're accepted. " he says gazing out of space."It's one of our greatest human flaws: arrogance. We look up and dare to assume we know, when the universe is unknowable.
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|WHO KNOWS WHAT EVIL LURKS IN THE HEART OF MEN?The Death of Rats looked up from the feast of the potato. SQUEAK, he said.Death waved a hand dismissively. WELL, YES, OBVIOUSLY ME, he said. I JUST WONDERED IF THERE WAS ANYONE ELSE.
Thomas Lloyd Qualls, Waking Up at Rembrandt's|Some people succeed not because they have wealth and education, but because they have firm focus.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|This world owes us nothing. Existence is not indebted to us. Humanity lives under this misconception that we deserve life’s blessings, that we deserve happiness. But in truth, life owes us nothing
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Sometimes it’s about knowing people, all of the time, it’s about knowing God!
Lailah Gifty Akita|May your heart be melted with faith, love and hope.
Sherman Alexie, Blasphemy: New and Selected Stories|He felt split in two, one crazy man eating hair and one rational man watching a crazy man eat hair. He chewed and swallowed the last pieces of his father's life. He felt like he was building a museum of pain, a freak show, where he was the only visitor viewing the only mutant screaming the only prayer he knew: Come back, Daddy. Come back, Daddy. Come back, Daddy. Come back, Daddy. Come back, Daddy. Come back, Daddy. Come back, Daddy. Come back Daddy...
Marion Nestle, Pet Food Politics: The Chihuahua in the Coal Mine|Thinking about lunch. Smoked salmon with pedigreed lettuce and razor-sharp slices of onion that have been soaked in ice water, brushed with horseradish and mustard, served on French butter rolls baked in the hot ovens of Kinokuniya. A sandwich made in heaven
J.L. Merrow, Muscling Through|It was weird, ’cause there we were in Italy listening to people singing in German. The music was nice, though, and there was this guy dressed up like a parrot. If you’d asked me a year ago to guess what opera was like, I’d never have guessed it had guys dressed as parrots. I might’ve wanted to go and see some sooner if I’d known. It was a sweet story, ’cause he met this girl who was dressed as a parrot too, and they got off together.
David Rakoff, Fraud: Essays|The logic underlying the truism that one should always travel on a plane with a book is also precisely why bed-and-breakfast culture is to be avoided if at all possible. Namely, you might have to talk to someone.
Carl Sagan, Comet|Therefore, men of Polynesia and Boston and China and Mount Fuji and the barrios of the Philippines, do not come to these islands empty-handed, or craven in spirit, or afraid to starve. There is no food here. In these islands there is no certainty. Bring your own food, your own gods, your own flowers and fruits and concepts. For if you come without resources to these islands you will perish... On these harsh terms the islands waited.
Erik Pevernagie|When fiction has become reality, life may turn into a fairy tale or a firestorm. Tina, time has come to pull up one’s socks and start relearning and reassessing living. ("Another empty room")
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Empathy isn't just listening, it's asking the questions whose answers need to be listened to.
Huang Po, The Zen Teaching of Huang Po: On the Transmission of Mind|Careful! Even moonlit dewdrops, If you’re lured to watch, Are a wall before the Truth. — Sogyo
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|He knew the saying was “the way to a man’s heart was through his stomach,” he was kind of counting on it working the other way around.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Though people sort of need your permission to talk to you, they do not really need one to talk about you.
Richard Stallman|While writing, saying, and doing much, Mr. Trump is apologizing for his past sins. He's walking away from supporting abortion, hurling insults and more. Now, America needs to follow suit and apologize for the scourge of legal abortion that has left millions of empty cradles, wombs barren, women's health damaged, and families broken.
Jessica    Thompson|I'm cautious with the love word because I really know what it means. I've been there, done that and I know what the implications are. I also know that people say they love people when they don't, and it often results in tears and avoidance of bars, supermarkets, even whole towns in extreme cases.
H.M. Ward, Torn|What'd you think would happen when you died? That the prophecy would just be over and we'd all be like, oops, guess we got that one wrong?
Christopher Hitchens|From this simplest necessity to the highest religious abstraction, from the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and everything we have comes from a single attribute of man—the function of his reasoning mind.
Andrea Gogelein|You can make excuses or you can achieve your goals, but you can't do both.
Nick Nolan, Wide Asleep|How the hell would she support herself and her mother if Agua Dulce’s new owner built one of those mega service stations right next door? Or worse yet, right on top of them.
Karen Armstrong|My primary assessment would be because American Christians tend to be incredibly self-indulgent, so they see the church as a place there for them to meet their needs and to express faith in a way that is meaningful for them.
Veronica Rossi, Riders|I have limited experience, but I know this: moments of connection with another human being are patently rare. But rarer still are those who can recognize such a connection when they see one.
John Green, Paper Towns|Standing before this building, I learn something about fear. I learn that it is not the idle fantasies of someone who maybe wants something important to happen to him, even if the important thing is horrible. It is not the disgust of seeing a dead stranger, and not the breathlessness of hearing a shotgun pumped outside of Becca Arrington’s house. This cannot be addressed by breathing exercises. This fear bears no analogy to any fear I knew before. This is the basest of all possible emotions, the feeling that was with us before we existed, before this building existed, before the earth existed. This is the fear that made fish crawl onto dry land and evolve lungs, the fear that teaches us to run, the fear that makes us bury our dead.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|He had to feel those lips on him again. Had. To. This wasn’t a mild expression of preference. This was an imperative. His body was insistent. To continue hisexistence on this earth, he now needed the following: food, water, shelter, clothing, and Minerva Highwood’s lips.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|The memory of war, however, like all memory, is mostly local.
Cathy Guisewite|So, where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year?
Sergio Aragones|I'm sad and blue, about nobody but you. I told you that I loved you right from the start, you told me the same and now you try to break my little heart.
Alan Greenspan|Talk low, talk slow and don't say too much.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|Pausing gives us the opportunity to arrive at an internal place from which we can choose wisely what needs to be done or said, and then do so gently.
Theophile Gautier|People come to see beauty, and I dance to give it to them.
Chief Seattle (Sealth), Suquamish Chief|Never discount your dreams; for they, after all, are yours.
David Malouf, The Happy Life: The Search for Contentment in the Modern World|Fiction, with its preference for what is small and might elsewhere seem irrelevant; its facility for smuggling us into another skin and allowing us to live a new life there; its painstaking devotion to what without it might go unnoticed and unseen; its respect for contingency, and the unlikely and odd; its willingness to expose itself to moments of low, almost animal being and make them nobly illuminating, can deliver truths we might not otherwise stumble on.
George du Maurier|My people? Who are they?I went into the church where the congregationWorshiped my God. Were they my people?I felt no kinship to them as they knelt there.My people! Where are they?I went into the land where I was born,Where men spoke my language.I was a stranger there.“My people,” my soul cried. “Who are my people?”Last night in the rain I met an old manWho spoke a language I do not speak,Which marked him as one who does not know my God.With apologetic smile he offered meThe shelter of his patched umbrella.I met his eyes...And then I knew...
Eric Jerome Dickey, Finding Gideon|And a woman needs a man to protect her from other men. Well, women used to. . . . Things have changed. Women are in the middle East, fighting and protecting men now.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The enlightened worry less than others,quarrel less than others,fight less than others,transgress less than others;care more than others,give more than others,and love more than others.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The only artists I have ever known who are personally delightful are bad artists. Good artists exist simply in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets are absolutely fascinating. The worse their rhymes are, the more picturesque they look. The mere fact of having published a book of second-rate sonnets makes a man quite irresistible. He lives the poetry that he cannot write. The others write the poetry that they dare not realize.
Roger Penrose, The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe|We have a closed circle of consistency here: the laws of physics produce complex systems, and these complex systems lead to consciousness, which then produces mathematics, which can then encode in a succinct and inspiring way the very underlying laws of physics that gave rise to it.
Mustafa SULTAN|Praise be to Allah, who revealed the Book, controls the clouds, defeats factionalism, and says in His Book: 'But when the forbidden months are past, then fight and slay the pagans wherever ye find them, seize them, beleaguer them, and lie in wait for them in every stratagem (of war)'; and peace be upon our Prophet, Muhammad Bin-'Abdallah, who said: I have been sent with the sword between my hands to ensure that no one but Allah is worshipped, Allah who put my livelihood under the shadow of my spear and who inflicts humiliation and scorn on those who disobey my orders....All these crimes and sins committed by the Americans are a clear declaration of war on Allah, his messenger, and Muslims. And ulema have throughout Islamic history unanimously agreed that the jihad is an individual duty if the enemy destroys the Muslim countries. This was revealed by Imam Bin-Qadamah in 'Al- Mughni,' Imam al-Kisa'i in 'Al-Bada'i,' al-Qurtubi in his interpretation, and the shaykh of al-Islam in his books, where he said: 'As for the fighting to repulse [an enemy], it is aimed at defending sanctity and religion, and it is a duty as agreed [by the ulema]. Nothing is more sacred than belief except repulsing an enemy who is attacking religion and life.'On that basis, and in compliance with Allah's order, we issue the following fatwa to all Muslims:The ruling to kill the Americans and their allies -- civilians and military -- is an individual duty for every Muslim who can do it in any country in which it is possible to do it, in order to liberate the al-Aqsa Mosque and the holy mosque [Mecca] from their grip, and in order for their armies to move out of all the lands of Islam, defeated and unable to threaten any Muslim. This is in accordance with the words of Almighty Allah, 'and fight the pagans all together as they fight you all together,' and 'fight them until there is no more tumult or oppression, and there prevail justice and faith in Allah.'...We -- with Allah's help -- call on every Muslim who believes in Allah and wishes to be rewarded to comply with Allah's order to kill the Americans and plunder their money wherever and whenever they find it. We also call on Muslim ulema, leaders, youths, and soldiers to launch the raid on Satan's U.S. troops and the devil's supporters allying with them, and to displace those who are behind them so that they may learn a lesson....Almighty Allah also says: 'O ye who believe, what is the matter with you, that when ye are asked to go forth in the cause of Allah, ye cling so heavily to the earth! Do ye prefer the life of this world to the hereafter? But little is the comfort of this life, as compared with the hereafter. Unless ye go forth, He will punish you with a grievous penalty, and put others in your place; but Him ye would not harm in the least. For Allah hath power over all things.'Almighty Allah also says: 'So lose no heart, nor fall into despair. For ye must gain mastery if ye are true in f
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|Love hadn’t existed in this world. Only hate, deceit and lies, but by letting him in I’d let all of that crumble.By letting me in he’d done the same, and now we were engaged in an even deadlier game than before.
Claude Lévi-Strauss, Tristes Tropiques|For mile after mile the same melodic phrase rose up in my memory. I simply couldn’t get free of it. Each time it had a new fascination for me. Initially imprecise in outline, it seemed to become more and more intricately woven, as if to conceal from the listener how eventually it would end. This weaving and re-weaving became so complicated that one wondered how it could possibly be unravelled; and then suddenly one note would resolve the whole problem, and the solution would seem yet more audacious than the procedures which had preceded, called for, and made possible its arrival; when it was heard, all that had gone before took on a new meaning, and the quest, which had seemed arbitrary, was seen to have prepared the way for this undreamed-of solution.
Travis Bradberry|I think there is probably no better person to aspire to emulate than Steve Jobs and what he has done at Apple in terms of his leadership, his innovation, not settling for mediocrity.
Benjamin Suulola|Word, when you give it power that’s what it holds”.
George Hickenlooper|My father... removed from Kentucky to... Indiana, in my eighth year... It was a wild region, with many bears and other wild animals still in the woods. There I grew up... Of course when I came of age, I did not know much. Still somehow, I could read, write, and cipher... but that was all.
Wangari Maathai|Our stories come from our lives and from the playwright's pen, the mind of the actor, the roles we create, the artistry of life itself and the quest for peace.
Hippocrates|The life so short, the craft so long to learn.
Shannon L. Alder|When a small group of people come together to relive the Salem witch hunts, God cries. For if anything is sorrowful to God, it is evil done in his name. When you find out you were not given the truth, how will you live with yourself?
Gilbert Hernández|Everything either is, was or will be. Time doesn't really exist. It's just something we have made up that makes it easier for us to grasp the universe.
Robert H. Schuller|Oh, these vast, calm, measureless mountain days, days in whose light everything seems equally divine, opening a thousand windows to show us God.
Madalyn Beck, Dragon Hearts & Dandelion Fuzz|And the fight for who we are,for who we hope to become,has only begun.
Jeremy Robinson|Leopold, like most men of power and prestige, was not so much interested in listening to what others had to say as he was in having an audience.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily of New Moon|This is a lot more satisfying," he said, "when I have intelligent life whom I can render awed, rapt with attention for my clever verbosity."The ugly lizard-crab-thing on the next rock over clicked its claw, an almost hesitant sound."Your right, of course," Wit said. "My usual audience isn't particularly intelligent. That was also the obvious joke, however, so shame on you.
Dick Dorworth, The Perfect Turn: And Other Tales of Skiing and Skiers|Death, in its certainty, is exacting its due respect and repose before it takes my hand.
Albert Einstein, The World As I See It|I gang my own gait and have never belonged to my country, my home, my friends, or even my immediate family, with my whole heart; in the face of all these ties I have never lost an obstinate sense of detachment, of the need for solitude — a feeling which increases with the years.
Seekerohan|We are rich in hearts, but poor with love.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|Happiness is a beautiful feeling. It is a beautiful mind, and a peaceful mind
Darcy Leech, From My Mother|My mom’s smile is genuine,A lilac beamingIn the presence of her Sun.Indentions in the sand proveTime’s linear progression,Her hair yet unblighted,Carrying midnight’s consistency.Clear tracks fading as theMovement slips furtherIn the past.CheekbonesHigh, soft,In summer’s hue,Hopeful.Each step’s unknown impact,A future looking back.My father’s strength:One whoseLife is in his arms.Squinting past the camera,He rests upon a rockLike caramel corn half eaten,Just to the leftOf man-made concrete conventionDaylight’s eraserRemoving color to his right.Dustin sitsIn my father’s lap,Open mouth of a droolingBig mouth bass;Muscle toneOf a well exercisedJelly fish,He looks at meHalf aware;His wheelchairPerched at the edgeOf parking lot gravel graftedLike a scar on nature’s beach,Opening to the ironic splendorOf a bitter tasting lake.I took the picture.Age 11.Capturing the pinnacle arcOf a sonTo my lilacWhoOutlived him and weeps,Still.Their sky has staple holes –Maybe that’s how theLightLeaked out.
Maya Angelou|For myself, if I am to stake all I have and hope to be upon anything, I will venture it upon the abounding fullness of God - upon the assurance that, as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are His ways higher than our ways, and His thoughts than our thoughts.
Rev. Kellen Roggenbuck|Damage control is part of life. It would be better to never make a mistake, but once it's made it's best to handle it with grace and humility. Sometimes that shows others more than our failures ever could.
Muzwot|When a judge walks into the room, and everybody stands up, you’re not standing up to that guy, you’re standing up to the robe that he’s wearing and the role that he’s going to play. What makes him worthy of that role is his integrity, as a representative of the principles of that role, and not some group of prejudices of his own. So what you’re standing up to is a mythological character. I imagine some kings and queens are the most stupid, absurd, banal people you could run into, probably interested only in horses and women, you know. But you’re not responding to them as personalities, you’re responding to them in their mythological roles. When someone becomes a judge, or President of the United States, the man is no longer that man, he’s the representative of an eternal office; he has to sacrifice his personal desires and even life possibilities to the role that he now signifies.
Noam Chomsky|Respect is one of life's greatest treasures. I mean, what does it all add up to if you don't have that?
Oscar Wilde|Either this wallpaper goes, or I do.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Such a nasty bruise,” he says, staring straight into my eyes. I am stunned he can see it. Delicate to the touch and tender on every side, the bruise is deeper than days. My hand automatically moves to my chest.Science taught me with valid assurance that my heart was fixed in my rib cage, but life has since shown me otherwise. My heart in fact dangles from a tangle of strings. The ends are grasped tight by numerous people who yank and release, having caused many painful bruises over time. I cry because they are invisible to most.“Such a nasty bruise,” he repeats, tugging on my poor heart. His kind eyes fall away from mine as I feel a squeeze on my arm. He twists it enough to show me a small, round patch of purple surrounded by a sickly yellowish corona. “Oh. My elbow.” I let the air exhale from my lungs. Another bruise forms where my heart has hit the floor. It is jerked up again. “Can I do anything for you?” I see in his eyes the mirror image of a finger—his finger—wrapped in one of the dangling strings. He tugs and I feel it.“No,” I reply to his question. But it is a lie. There is something he could do, along with all who grasp a portion of the web entangling my heart. I wish they would mercifully let go.
Alphonso Jackson|Well, my personal mission statement is that we want marriage equality in all 50 states. We want it not to be a state-by-state issue. We don't want it to be something the majority is voting on. I don't think the civil rights of any minority should be in the hands of any majority.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The shovel is bigger than the spoon, but it can never ever do the work the spoon does. They both look similar; they both have different sizes but one more thing not to forget is that "they are important in their own roles"! Each is unique! You are unique too. Take the lead!
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|The anarch knows the rules. He has studied them as a historian and goes along with them as a contemporary. Wherever possible, he plays his own game within their framework; this makes the fewest waves.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|I don't take success and failure seriously. The only thing I do seriously is march forward. If I fall, I get up and march again.
Jim Harrison|Like most people, I have several pet subjects - that may or may not be interesting to other people. Don't get me started on happiness, or habits, or children's literature, or Winston Churchill, unless you really want to talk about it.
Alexander Hamilton, The Federalist Papers|I really am a pessimist. I've always felt that fascism is a more natural governmental condition than democracy. Democracy is a grace. It's something essentially splendid because it's not at all routine or automatic. Fascism goes back to our infancy and childhood, where we were always told how to live. We were told, Yes, you may do this; no, you may not do that. So the secret of fascism is that it has this appeal to people whose later lives are not satisfactory.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|Oscar leaned in, eyes wide. 'He's keeping me,' he whispered to the kitten.Pebble chirped. Oscar's eyes flicked to the books underneath his bed. They called out to him: Misfit. Orphan. Idiot.Oscar coughed and shifted his eyes back to Pebble. 'He thinks I can work the shop. ... He said he knew I could do it.'Wolf: He didn't see you work the shop. He doesn't know. Just wait until he hears.'He wants me to do the best I can.'Wolf: If only he knew how bad that was. He'll know soon.Oscar clenched his hands into fists and squeezed his eyes shut. ... 'I'm not going to disappoint him,' Oscar said. He repeated himself once more, in case the words themselves had any power. 'I'm not.
Angie karan|When someone is angry and hateful toward you ~ they spit out all kinds of venom, to inflict you with unnecessary hurt and pain. But when you know who you are within, and you stand by your truth, their venom cannot poison you, its arrow turns and points straight back at them! To be humble and virtuous is a trait of the noble and the righteous
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Of course we still want to know you!" Harry said, staring at Hagrid."You don't think anything that Skeeter cow - sorry, Professor," he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore."I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't any idea what you said, Harry," said Dumbledore, twiddling his thumbs and staring at the ceiling.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|In the hands of blood-sucking monsters a scripture becomes a weapon that takes away humanism from the heart of humans and fills them with hate, rage and selfishness, whereas, in the hands of modern human beings the same scripture can become the greatest philosophical tool to endow the species with goodness and compassion.
Padmasree Warrior|One of the things that has happened with technology is that it can only be helpful if it is useful, of course, but it can only be helpful too if it's accessible, and it can only be helpful if it's affordable.
Henry Rollins|The blues. It runs through all American music. Somebody bending the note. The other is the two-beat groove. It's in New Orleans music, it's in jazz, it's in country music, it's in gospel.
|Your destiny desperately needs your consistent presence and strategic effective actions. Therefore, it's time for you to courageously show up, go all out, and embrace its reality.
Ernst Jünger, Copse 125: A Chronicle from the Trench Warfare of 1918|Those in authority within institutions and social structures attempt to justify their rule by linking it, as if it were a necessary consequence, with moral symbols, sacred emblems, or legal formulae which are widely believed and deeply internalized. These central conceptions may refer to a god or gods, the 'votes of the majority,' the 'will of the people,' the 'aristocracy of talents or wealth,' to the 'divine right of kings' or to the alleged extraordinary endowment of the person of the ruler himself.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|We are born into this precious human existence to achieve the uni cation of opposites and become enlightened, or liberated, from the illusion of separation.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|When men in power decide that things need to be rebalanced at any cost, the violence is never brief and never really directed solely at the imbalance that supposedly inspired it. The rule of law becomes the rule of violence. Revenge becomes a synonym for justice. No city is safe from such horror, no nation, no time in all of history. Be ready to recognize the moment. Be always ready.
Bob  Ross, The Joy of Painting with Bob Ross, Vol. 29|- I'm so busy doing what I must do that I don't have time for what I ought to do... and I never get a chance to do what I want to do!- Son, that's universal. The way to keep that recipe from killing you is occasionally to do what you want to do anyhow.
James Carlos Blake|What Walter thinks is that people are like rivers. We never stay in the same place but jest keep flowing along, learning new stuff and picking up new experiences and changing all the time. So today’s you isn’t the same as yesterday’s you and won’t be the same as tomorrow’s you. But Walter also thinks that there’s a real perfect you that you’re always trying to get to, and the better you are at living your life, the closer you come to it.
Liz  Newman|You don’t have to stop fighting for others, you just have to remember to fight for yourself too.
James D. Bradley, Flags of Our Fathers|Not every girl can be Isabelle Lightwood or Katniss Everdeen. I think the true measure of a hero is what a person does with what they have, how hard they are willing to fight, and how far they are willing to go to set things right.
Donna Tartt|And what does a person with such romantic temperament seek in the study of the classics?"If by romantic you mean solitary and introspective, I think romantics are frequently the best classicists.
Oscar Wilde, Lord Arthur Savile's Crime and Other Stories|Actors are so fortunate. They can choose whether they will appear in tragedy or in comedy, whether they will suffer or make merry, laugh or shed tears. But in real life it is different. Most men and women are forced to perform parts for which they have no qualifications. Our Guildensterns play Hamlet for us, and our Hamlets have to jest like Prince Hal. The world is a stage, but the play is badly cast.
Jen Pollock Michel, Teach Us to Want: Longing, Ambition & the Life of Faith|In Martin Luther's life and behavior is very courteous and friendly, and there is nothing of the stern stoic or grumpy fellow about him. He can adjust to all occasions. In social gathering he is gay, witty, ever full of joy, always has a bright and happy face, no matter how seriously his adversaries threatening him. One can see that God's strength is within him. – Petrus Mosellanus
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|The phone collapsed distances, just as the radio did, and, like the radio, it relied on the miracle of imagination: one had to concentrate deeply, plunge headlong into it.
Libba Bray|Write like it matters, and it will.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|When you win, you often lose, that's just a fact. There's no currency to straighten a warped spirit, or open a closed heart, a selfish heart...
Victoria  James, Falling for the P.I.|In an unexpected move, Bryce reached for my hand and pulled me to his side. “Play along. We’ll straighten this out later.”Good Lord, the school hottie was touching me. It felt like I’d won some sort of geek-girl lottery. And depending on how this played out, Bryce could be the answer to my boyfriend problems. If he wanted me to cover for him, then he needed to help me with my overprotective brothers.
Zorica Savron, Only for You, My Love: Love Poetry|I’m really happy when I’m with you. I get the feeling you feel the same way. And if that’s true, I don’t think you should give a fuck about what people may or may not think of our age difference. Furthermore, if our ages were reversed, no one would bat an eyelash. Am I right? So now it’s just some sexist, patriarchal crap, and you don’t strike me as the kind of woman who’s going to let that dictate her happiness. All right? Next issue…
Tanya R. Liverman|When a cycle in your life repeats, you should troubleshot where the glitch is. Find the glitch and you will find your purposed journey.
Gnash|I feel I am lucky. I am grateful for this life that God has given me. I am happy, as I am getting to do work that I want to do and enjoy doing it.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|She leaned into me, and when I closed my eyes, I knew I wanted nothing more than to hold her this way forever.
William Shakespeare, ഹാംലെറ്റ് | Hamlet|This is the very ecstasy of love,Whose violent property fordoes itselfAnd leads the will to desperate undertakingsAs oft as any passion under heavenThat does afflict our natures.
Robert Irvine|Statistics show that of those who contract the habit of eating, very few survive.
Charles Dickens, The Haunted House|To work, her dumb lunge says,is to move a certain mass...through a certain distance,is to pull your weight and feelexact and equal to it.Feel dragged upon. And buoyant.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|A vast silence reigned over the land. The land itself was a desolation, lifeless, without movement, so lone and cold that the spirit of it was not even that of sadness. There was a hint in it of laughter, but of laughter more terrible than any sadness-a laughter that was mirthless as the smile of the Sphinx, a laughter cold as the frost and partaking of the grimness of infallibility. It was the masterful and incommunicable wisdom of eternity laughing at the futility of life and the effort of life. It was the Wild, the savage, frozen-hearted Northland Wild.
John McCain, Faith of My Fathers: A Family Memoir|Ironically for someone who had so long asserted his own individuality as his first and best defense against insults of any kind, I discovered that faith in myself proved to be the least formidable strength I possessed when confronting alone organized inhumanity on a greater scale than I had conceived possible. Faith in myself was important, and remains important to my self esteem. But I discovered in prison that faith in myself alone, sep0arate from other, more important allegiances , was ultimately no match for the cruelty that human beings could devise when they were entirely unencumbered by respect for the God given dignity of man. This is the lesson I learned in prison. It is, perhaps, the most important lesson I have ever learned.
Michele Bachmann|You can rule ignorance; you can manipulate the illiterate; you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics.
Kimora Lee Simmons|The best and safest thing is to keep a balance in your life, acknowledge the great powers around us and in us. If you can do that, and live that way, you are really a wise man.
Sherryl Jordan, Winter of Fire|I ran then, following the power, ran with joy and a wild, winging certainty, right into the hearth of everything I loved.And there was no earth, no cold, no dust, nor stones nor water rushing past; but only this joy, this singing, awesome flight straight into the soul of God.Into fire.
J. Robert Moskin|The leaving happened slowly, gradually, as these things do, and before we knew it, we were lost to each other, as if a magician had whisked a cloth off the table, leaving the dishes there, jolted. And when we looked back it was all a blur, time on fast forward, hurtling to an inevitable conclusion.
|Trials and tribulations only come into your life to test you, so you could make some testimonies out of them.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|There are times when the evil seems so impenetrable, the wickedness so victorious, you don't even know how to hope. But then the good news bursts in, as impossible to deny as it is to believe.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Fire should never be tempered in a female because that's what fuels her passion, causing it to ignite." He lifted my chin with his hand and stroked his thumb gently across my lips. "All a male can hope for is to be consumed by it until there is nothing left of him.
Jonathon Larson|I feel something so right, doing the wrong thing.
A.W. Tozer, The Attributes of God: Deeper into the Father's Heart|For the Christian, death is not the end of adventure but a doorway from a wold where dreams and adventures shrink, to a world where dreams and adventures forever expand.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Stephen Douglas's oratory was designed for the galleries, Lincoln's for his peers
Eckhart Tolle|His meals were always punctual. Whether she cooked well or badly he did not know; it was a matter of total indifference to him. During his meals, which he ate at his writing desk, he was busy with important considerations. As a rule he would not have been able to say what precisely he had in his mouth. He reserved consciousness for real thoughts; they depend upon it; without consciousness, thoughts are unthinkable. Chewing and digestion happen of themselves.
Anthony Browne|I have nothing against respecting people who lived before, but we have no responsibility toward them.
Ram Dass|When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Mark Mills, The Information Officer|He dusted off the shoulder tab and stared at it, so light in his hand, so inconsequential. It was hard to believe that a shred of cloth could have so much destructive power locked away in it.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Wow! So beautiful. Which star? Planet, not star; It WAS called Earth.
Hildegard of Bingen, Selected Writings|Similarly, it does not matter what the mind is doing once you identify it as a fool. If there is somebody very stupid around you who goes on blabbering, do you not learn to simply ignore him and carry on with your work? That is all you need to do.
F.B. Meyer|The soul can do without everything except the word of God, without which none at all of its wants are provided for.
Rayleigh|In the last moment of his life, he turned his fading "flame of life" into a huge fire that enveloped the world. I've never laughed more than on that day...!! I've never cried more than on that day... I've never drank more either..!! He was our captain... and he was a magnificent man...!!!
Adrienne Rich|Woman-identification is a source of energy, a potential springhead of female power, violently curtailed and wasted under the institution of heterosexuality. The denial of reality and visibility to women’s passion for women, women’s choice of women as allies, life companions, and community; the forcing of such relationships into dissimulation and their disintegration under intense pressure, have meant an incalculable loss to the power of all women to change the social relations of the sexes to liberate ourselves and each other. The lie of compulsory female heterosexuality today admits not just feminist scholarship, but every profession, every reference work, every curriculum, every organizing attempt, every relationship or conversation over which it hovers. It creates, specifically, a profound falseness, hypocrisy, and hysteria in the heterosexual dialogue, for every heterosexual relationship is lived in the queasy strobe-light of that lie. However we choose to identify ourselves, however we find ourselves labeled, it flickers across and distorts our lives.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Sunday Philosophy Club|For a short while she considered the idea of orchestral courtesy. Certainly one should avoid giving political offence: German orchestras, of course, used to be careful about playing Wagner abroad, at least in some countries, choosing instead German composers who were somewhat more ... apologetic.
Elif Shafak, The Bastard of Istanbul|Nessa had never really felt truly beautiful before, but tonight she not only understood that she was beautiful, she understood that everyone was. That for all the competition and fear and knowing that the next runner was coming up behind you, she had been missing out on how beautiful life could be. She should have been watching and appreciating others instead of waiting inside herself for the right time to shine. The time was now.
Scott Stabile|Your past and your pain will certainly impact you,but they don’t have to define you. You get to write your own definition.
C.J. Tulli|It hurts when you lose a friend to death, it hurts even more when you lose a friend still living.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|We must strongly resist reductions in diversity, especially when it happens, either directly or indirectly, because of our own activities.
|The unexpected will occur, but in the end, your life will never seize to become what you continuously make of it.
Marc Cohn|There's a stranger in a car Driving down your street Acts like he knows who you are Slaps his hand on the empty seat and says "Are you gonna get in Or are you gonna stay out?" Just a stranger in a car Might be the one they told you about Well you never were one for cautiousness You open the door He gives you a tender kiss And you can't even hear them no more --All the voices of choices Now only one road remains And strangers in a car Two hearts Two souls Tonight Two lanes You don't know where you're goin' You don't know what you're doin' Hell it might be the highway to heaven And it might be the road to ruin But this is a song For strangers in a car Baby maybe that's all We really are Strangers in a car (Driving down your street) Just strangers in a car (Driving down your street) Strangers in a car
Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek|Maybe we’ll admit this thing we have is perfect, not worth messing around with. And stay together forever. If you’re interested, that is.”She glanced away. “I could think about that.”He buried his face in her neck. “Think fast
Derric Yuh Ndim|If you want to live an exceptional life, you must move beyond probability into the realm of possibility
Hilary Duff|I can’t really act the way I want to act, or say what I want to say all the time. And a lot of times, I cover that up with a smile.
Mikhail Bakunin|This is the problem with modern-day feminism. It used to be about equality. Now, it's about bashing men, asking for free stuff, and tearing down other women for refusing to play victim to the trumped-up, B.S. 'War on Women.'
William Goldman|...what draws us into a story and keeps us there is the firing of our dopamine neurons, signaling that intriguing information is on the way.
Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow|As our means increase, so do our desires;and we ever stand midway between the two.
Sesan Kareem|If we have the power and the means, then we must help.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Sergeant Colon of the Ankh-Morpork City Guard was on duty. He was guarding the Brass Bridge, the main link between Ankh and Morpork. From theft.When it came to crime prevention, Sergeant Colon found it safest to think big.
Ian McEwan, Solar|He was thinking of that time, the way one does on long journeys when rootlessness and boredom, lack of sleep or routine can summon from out of nowhere random stretches of the past, make them as real as a haunting. --Solar
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|What would it mean in practice to eliminate all the 'negative people' from one's life? It might be a good move to separate from a chronically carping spouse, but it is not so easy to abandon the whiny toddler, the colicky infant, or the sullen teenager. And at the workplace, while it's probably advisable to detect and terminate those who show signs of becoming mass killers, there are other annoying people who might actually have something useful to say: the financial officer who keeps worrying about the bank's subprime mortgage exposure or the auto executive who questions the company's overinvestment in SUVs and trucks. Purge everyone who 'brings you down,' and you risk being very lonely, or, what is worse, cut off from reality.
Oscar Wilde, The Decay of Lying|If something cannot be done to check, or at least to modify, our monstrous worship of facts, art will become sterile and beauty will pass away from the land.
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe: Rediscovering the Wonder of a God You Can't Control|Her heart was revealed in a slip, as our hearts always are.
Lori Toland, Soul Seduction|Look, I'm good okay. I'm her..." he stopped dead. The woman at the desk looked up expectantly, "uncle." His voice faded."Katie certainly has a lot of those, " the annoying person chirped before handing his ID back and pointing to a side door. SHe gave him a different sort of look. This one he recognized. He smiled at her. She was sort of good looking, actually. "You gay like her other uncles?" Jack laughed."Nope.
Solange Knowles|We believe in government involvement that leads to independence: good schools, quality roads and the best health care.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|In Proverbs, a wisdom book of the Hebrew Scriptures, a cat would find a few “wisdom” passages as noxious as the Garden of Eden passages. Again the symbology of fruit being eaten
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|Spray a bug with a toxin and it dies; spray a man, spray his brain, and he becomes an insect that clacks and vibrates about in a closed circle forever. A reflex machine, like an ant. Repeating his last instruction.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you see the light of this day, thank God.
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|Even if all life on our planet is destroyed, there must be other life somewhere which we know nothing of. It is impossible that ours is the only world; there must be world after world unseen by us, in some region or dimension that we simply do not percieve.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Whether we fear the existence of boundaries with others or crave more of them, there’s no denying that individuation and separation are inevitable parts of loving relationships that become the site of tension.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|Wasplike with their long slender hulls, these were ships not seen in these waters before. They approached in a line, each flying a large American flag. To the hundreds of onlookers by now gathered on shore, many also carrying American flags, it would be a sight they would never forget and into which they read great meaning. These were the descendants of the colonials returning now at Britain's hour of need....
Carol S. Dweck, Mindset: The New Psychology of Success|We can choose partner, make friends, hire people who make us feel faultless. But think about it – do you never want to grow? Next time you’re tempted to surround yourself with worshippers, go to church.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|No one is ever quite ready; everyone is always caught off guard. Parenthood chooses you. And you open your eyes, look at what you've got, say "Oh, my gosh," and recognize that of all the balls there ever were, this is the one you should not drop. It's not a question of choice.
Joan Gould|Once upon a time, when men and women hurtled through the air on metal wings, when they wore webbed feet and walked on the bottom of the sea, learning the speech of whales and the songs of the dolphins, when pearly-fleshed and jewelled apparitions of Texan herdsmen and houris shimmered in the dusk on Nicaraguan hillsides, when folk in Norway and Tasmania in dead of winter could dream of fresh strawberries, dates, guavas and passion fruits and find them spread next morning on their tables, there was a woman who was largely irrelevant, and therefore happy.
Marquis de Sade|Take all of your wasted honorEvery little past frustrationTake all of your so-called problems,Better put 'em in quotations
Anonymous|My husband yells comments like "How long till you're ready? Throw out a date."
Tanith Lee, The Book of the Damned|I held out my book. It was precious to me, as were all the things I'd written; even where I despised their inadequacy there was not one I would disown. Each tore its way from my entrails. Each had shortened my life, killed me with its own special little death.
Oliver Markus|If you call yourself an "authoress" on your Facebook profile, you suck at life. You are stupid and your children are ugly. It doesn't matter if you're just trying to be cute and original. You're not. You are about as original as all those other witless twits "writing" the one millionth shitty Fifty Shades clone. Or maybe you're trying to show your 2000 fake Facebook "friends" that you are an empowered feminist who will not stand for sexist terminology. But you're not showing people that you are fighting the good fight, you're showing people that you are a sheep, who's trying just a little too hard to ride the current wave of idiotic political correctness. The word "author" is no more gender-discrimination than the word "person." Do you call yourself a personess? No, of course not, because then you might as well wear a sign around your neck that says, "Hello, I'm a retard.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|When we look up at night and view the stars, everything we see is shinning because of distant nuclear fusion.
Brian Lovestar, Dream Myself Alive|Kill Piracy; Save Creativity"!
Tucker Elliot|There was a time we laughed at the old guys up on the hill. The ones who graduated a couple of years before us, and who would hang around the school and the ballpark still, and would sit on the hoods of their cars and tell us how when they were seniors they did it better, faster, and further. We laughed, because we were still doing it, and all they could do was talk. If our goals were not met, there was next year, but it never occurred to us that one day there would not be a next year, and that the guys sitting on the hoods of their cars at the top of the hill, wishing they could have one more year, willing to settle for one last game, could one day be us.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|She realized he wasn’t listening to music and gave him a curious look of amusement as she picked up the cover to an audio book. ‘What To Expect When You’re Expecting.’ God forgive me, I love this man. “Thought I should be informed, you know?” Alessandro explained sheepishly. Bree tried to tear her gaze away from his gleaming chest. “Plus all the lactating and dilating and placenta talk does wonders to crush any man’s libido.
Natalie Portman|I love the ubiquitous idly-dosa combination. In fact, that was my pet name as a kid! In school, I would bug the canteen boys to get me my daily quota of idly!
Kelton Wright, Anonymous Asked: Life Lessons from the Internet's Big Sister|So when people asked me why I was moving away from the city of my dreams, I asked them why I wouldn't. It's not about greener pastures. It's never been about that. All it's ever been about is exploring and falling and pulling myself back together. Every time I do, I get stronger. I get faster. I get smarter. I get sweeter, hungrier, and happier. Dreams are mobile, fate doesn't live in one city, and karma is your shadow. I was offered a career opportunity that knocked quietly. It wasn't a million dollar check on my doorstep, it was more like the passing words of a stranger at a bar that change your perspective of the world. Something clicked and I had to accept.
Wendy Mass, Every Soul a Star|The more clearly you understand yourself and your emotions, the more you become a lover of what is.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|I believe most people are small dreamers because they dream about great things, however, they think those great things are going to come to them when they wait
Joy Stephens|Hey, Mrs. Jakes, how come people can’t afford new shoes or food, but they can still buy candy?” She smiled and waved him off. “Oh, people will always find a way to buy chocolate, Elliot. Chocolate is forever.
1 John 2 1517|Men speak of God’s love for man… but if providence does not come in this hour, where is He then? My conclusion is simple. The Semitic texts from Bronze Age Palestine of which Christianity is comprised still fit uncomfortably well with contemporary life. The Old Testament depicts a God capricious and cruel; blood sacrifice, vengeance, genocide; death and destruction et al. Would He not approve of Herr Hitler and the brutal, tribalistic crusade against Hebrews and non-Christian ‘untermensch?’One thing is inarguable. His church on Earth has produced some of the most vigorous and violent contribution to the European fascist cause.It is synergy. Man Created God, even if God Created Man; it all exists in the hubris and apotheosis of the narcissistic soul, and alas, all too many of the human herd are willing to follow the beastly trait of leadership. The idea of self-emancipation and advancement, with Europe under the jackboot of fascism, would be Quixotic to the point of mirthless lunacy.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|If we can benchmark nature on how it operates, then we never have to worry about how, and when God takes care of us.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May you find love, joy and hope at Christmas and every day of your life.
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|Frosh (2002) has suggested that therapeutic spaces provide children and adults with the rare opportunity to articulate experiences that are otherwise excluded from the dominant symbolic order. However, since the 1990s, post-modern and post-structural theory has often been deployed in ways that attempt to ‘manage’ from; afar the perturbing disclosures of abuse and trauma that arise in therapeutic spaces (Frosh 2002). Nowhere is this clearer than in relation to organised abuse, where the testimony of girls and women has been deconstructed as symptoms of cultural hysteria (Showalter 1997) and the colonisation of women’s minds by therapeutic discourse (Hacking 1995). However, behind words and discourse, ‘a real world and real lives do exist, howsoever we interpret, construct and recycle accounts of these by a variety of symbolic means’ (Stanley 1993: 214). Summit (1994: 5) once described organised abuse as a ‘subject of smoke and mirrors’, observing the ways in which it has persistently defied conceptualisation or explanation. Explanations for serious or sadistic child sex offending have typically rested on psychiatric concepts of ‘paedophilia’ or particular psychological categories that have limited utility for the study of the cultures of sexual abuse that emerge in the families or institutions in which organised abuse takes pace. For those clinicians and researchers who take organised abuse seriously, their reliance upon individualistic rather than sociological explanations for child sexual abuse has left them unable to explain the emergence of coordinated, and often sadistic, multi—perpetrator sexual abuse in a range of contexts around the world.
John Donne|Learn from nature. Stuff lives and stuff dies all the time, you know. Animals and birds and flowers. Trees come and go, and we come and go. That's it. So we should all seize life and make the most of what we have while we can.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Leadership is a privilege to serve and make a difference. Take care of what belongs to another as if it were your own. Be accountable to others or to another because you realize you are not a master. Be considerate of those you serve because they, not you, perceive the difference you are or you are not making, in their lives.
Ella Dominguez, Continental Breakfast|Mr. Pettifor, I’ve brought you lunch, Sir.” “Leave it on my desk,” he grouses. “It’s your favorite, Sir, a Reuben with au jus,” I say softly.
Carl Bridenbaugh, Jamestown, 1544-1699|History is full of examples of men with deep-seated grievances who embraced good causes, in part at least, to settle old scores.
Louis Kahn|There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart. There is a powerful need for symbolism, and that means the architecture must have something that appeals to the human heart.
Casey Stengel|I never smoke to excess - that is, I smoke in moderation, only one cigar at a time.
|No matter how challenging things get, never stop believing in yourself. Self-doubt is nothing but a highway to failure.
Joanne Woodward|Sexiness wears thin after awhile and beauty fades, but to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, ah, now that is a treat.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Damn, she just kept on surprising him. First with her beauty. Then with the illustrations. He'd been forced to accept that there was more to her character than he'd gleaned from her letters, but none of it fell too far outside the borders of his carefully mapped mental territory labeled "Madeline." She was privileged, sheltered, intelligent, curious, and far too crafty.But this...This was different. As he watched her with the tenants' children, his conception of her pushed against its established boundaries. He was forced to add new descriptors to his list. Ones like "generous" and "responsible" and "protective.
Juan Rulfo, Pedro Páramo|Sólo yo entiendo lo lejos que está el cielo de nosotros; pero conozco cómo acortar las veredas. Todo consiste en morir, Dios mediante, cuando uno quiera y no cuando Él lo disponga. O, si tú quieres, forzarlo a disponer antes de tiempo.
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|After this whole acting thing is over and done, you eventually have to be human. Some people are never human. It's very weird.
Rosamond Purcell|It is a cliche that human beings are fascinated by size--mountain peaks, high buildings, and whales. We are also amazed by miniatures--a flea on a mouse, a flea on a trapeze, the Last Supper carved on the head of a pin.
Antonia Perdu|I'm almost convinced that I'm never awake. I'm not sure if I'm not in fact dreaming when I live, and living when I dream, or if dreaming and living are for me intersected, intermingled things that together form my conscious self.
Joanne Harris, The Gospel of Loki|Things don't so much end as disappear. They don't so much begin as turn up. You think there will be a time to say goodbye, but people have often gone before you know about it. And I don't just mean the dying.
Veronica Roth|Don't. Please don't say it."I search his eyes. For what, I don't know. "Why?""Because I don't want you to. I need you to come back to me. Not to help me. Or to help my father. I'm done with that. I don't want your help. It all boils down to you. I just want you.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|Look through that clump of trees. There's a hawk sitting on the weathervane at the Red Rooster Inn. I've heard that if someone you love very much passes away, they can come back in the form of a hawk, to look after you and give you comfort.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|When Christ calls a man, he bids him come and die.
Winston Graham, The Black Moon|Do not try to compensate people for the love they show you. Rather, replicate the love.
Eric Whitacre|I think all good architecture should challenge you, make you start asking questions. You don't have to understand it. You may not like it. That's OK.
Darren Shan, A Living Nightmare|I'm a fighter. I believe in the eye-for-an-eye business. I'm no cheek turner. I got no respect for a man who won't hit back. You kill my dog, you better hide your cat.
Steve Irwin|A State which has universal suffrage and a wide extension of the jury franchise, must qualify the people by education to rightly exercise the great powers with which they are invested.
Dannielle Wicks, Fading Away|I freeze when I come face to face with a naked man’s chest. Why does this keep happening to me? Trying to keep my eyes averted from his very naked lower regions, I look up.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I turn sentences around. That’s my life. I write a sentence and then I turn it around. Then I look at it and I turn it around again. Then I have lunch. Then I come back in and write another sentence. Then I have tea and turn the new sentence around. Then I read the two sentences over and turn them both around. Then I lie down on my sofa and think. Then I get up and throw them out and start from the beginning. And if I knock off from this routine for as long as a day, I’m frantic with boredom . . .
Zbigniew Brzezinski|It is important to ask ourselves, as citizens, whether a world power can provide global leadership on the basis of fear and anxiety.
John Mark Reynolds|A healthy Christian life cannot be stitched together from a series of disjointed mountain-top experiences. We need a Christian spirituality that endures the shadowy, low-lying valleys and the rocky slopes in between all those glorious summits.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|If someone out of work knows only three words about their impending job-hunt, I’m willing to bet thosethree words will be: resumes/CV, interviews, and networking.
Suman Pokhrel, Jeevanko Chheubaata|The dream too thinks twice, gets filtered to go softto be seated on children's eyes.
Beck|It's amazing how, over time, a person's perspective can be altered.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|A terrible premonition washed over me. This was how the whole world would end.... They would devour the forest and excrete piles of buildings made of stone wrenched from the earth or from dead trees. They would hammer paths of bare stone between their dwellings, and dirty the rivers and subdue the land until it could recall only the will of man. They could not stop themselves from doing what they did. They did not see what they did, and even if they saw, they did not know how to stop. They no longer knew what was enough.
Jill Shalvis, Sweet Little Lies|Wow," she whispered. "Gorgeous.""Yeah," he said, looking at her.She laughed. "That's cheesy."He grinned. "You liked it.""No, I didn't."He peered at her over his dark sunglasses, letting his gaze slip past her face.She followed his line of sight and realized that her nipples were pressing eagerly against the thin white cotton of her shirt. "That's because I'm cold," she said and crossed her arms over her chest.He laughed. "It's seventy five degrees.""Downright chilly," she said, nose in the air.Grinning, he reeled her in, and with Thor (the dog) protesting between them, he kissed the living daylights out of her.
Asghar Farhadi|The arts are the one thing that appeal right across all forms of politics, race, creed - everything.
Jesus Christ|It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and the prudence never to practice either of them.
H.W. Brands|Make me the father, O Lord, who will show my sons enough of a sense of humor, so that they will always be serious, but never take themselves too seriously. Give them humility, so they will always remember the simplicity of true greatness, the open mind of true wisdom, the meekness of true strength.
Katie Reus, Enemy Mine|Sweetheart, no one needs coffee, I just like the taste. Almost as much as I like the way you taste.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|But there’s a part of me that wonders what it would be like to be the most important person to someone else, to always feel like you were missing a piece of yourself when he wasn’t near you.
Rhiannon McGavin|I'm never growing up, I'll just sit in the corner of time and sip my juice box petulantly and judge your terrible Hamlet adaptations.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|- Just that. Your family must be very different from mine.- I’d say so. - I laughed. - For one, no one wears their tiaras to breakfast.- Maxon smiled. - More of a dinner thing at the Singer house?”- “Of course.
Heather Heffner, Year of the Tiger|Victory's contagious" -Lorde
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you always find yourself numbering your troubles, you will never find time counting your blessings. There is no use becoming frustrated in your difficulties while you have all opportunities hiding in them for a turnover!
Gavin Maxwell, Ring of Bright Water|I have more than once tried to analyse this apparently deliberate form of self-torture that seems common to so many people in face of the extinction of a valued life, human or animal, and it springs, I think, from a negation of death, as if by summoning and arranging these subjective images one were in some way cheating the objective fact. It is, I believe, an entirely instinctive process, and the distress it brings with it is an incidental, a by-product, rather than a masochistic end.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life is so big. Do not try to fill it. Instead, expand within. You are enough for you.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Not ordinarily do men achieve this balance of opposites. The idealists are not usually realistic, and the realists are not usually idealistic. The militant are not generally known to be passive, nor the passive to be militant. Seldom are the humble self-assertive, or the self assertive humble. ...truth is found neither in the thesis nor the antithesis, but in an emergent synthesis that reconciles the two.
CeeLo Green|You need a whole community to raise a child. I have raised two children, alone.
William Blake|Fun opens the doors to creativity, which then leads to inspiration, which then births passion, which all together equals both happiness and success!
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|A ghostly voice shivered along my spine, whispering, "We shall meet soon, bèt nan bwa.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Anxiety's like a rocking chair. It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you very far.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|Nothing - really, absolutely nothing - says more about Victorian Britain and its capacity for brilliance than that the century's most daring and iconic building was entrusted to a gardener.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|I think that I had better go, Holmes.""Not a bit, doctor. Stay where you are. I am lost without my Boswell.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|Death? Why all this fuss about death? Use your imagination, try to visualize a world without death! Death is the essential condition to life, not an evil.
Tadashi Shoji|Strengths are not activities you're good at, they're activities that strengthen you. A strength is an activity that before you're doing it you look forward to doing it; while you're doing it, time goes by quickly and you can concentrate; after you've done it, it seems to fulfill a need of yours.
Arthur Schopenhauer|I tell you the truth, it is hard for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven. Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|THE soul should always stand ajar, That if the heaven inquire,He will not be obliged to wait, Or shy of troubling her.Depart, before the host has slid The bolt upon the door,To seek for the accomplished guest, -- Her visitor no more.
Stephen Dunn, Different Hours|My name,” I whispered in her ear, and she shivered with pleasure. “Say my name again. Not in anger, or disgust, but as you did just now. As if I am the only man in the world who can satisfy you.~Liam C.
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|maybe here, in dauntless, bravery is the highest form of wisdom. the acknowledgement that life can and should be lived without fear
Karen Michelle Miller, Words to Ponder About Life, Love and Men|When you learn to love yourself, you will no longer tolerate mistreatment of any kind. Not from him. Not from her. And not from YOU.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|From so high above it, the world seems ordered and deliberate.But I know it's more than that. And less. It is structured and chaotic. Beautiful and strange.
Taylor Adams|Once someone's hurt you, it's harder to relax around them, harder to think of them as safe to love. But it doesn't stop you from wanting them. Sometimes I actually think it makes the wanting worse.
Jennifer E. Smith|I think you have to be more of a believer for these things to work," he said, wiping some ice cream from his face. "How are you supposed to find what you're looking for if you're not convinced it's even out there?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nowhere do the Scriptures tell us to seek results, nor do the Scriptures rebuke evangelists if the results are meager.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages "Unsuccessful Town Slogans" Sequim (WA)- "We put the Dung in Dungeness.
Tom Robbins|Embrace the right values that may enable you achieve self-leadership & self-discipline, and show commitment to these values unconditionally.
Felicity Brandon, Friday's Lesson|As though you read my mind, you steady my headbetween your hands and eye me intensely. Then yourmouth is on mine, hungry and aggressive. Your teethskim my lips, claiming me and I feel your tongue probinginside of my mouth. The kiss ends as dramatically as itbegan, leaving me reeling and wanting more.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|We live in a world that asks us to do rather than be; to achieve rather than shine; to form relationships that fulfill needs rather than celebrating wholeness. When we stop that cycle by practicing mindfulness, the axison which the world spins shifts entirely, and nothing you knew before will be of any value.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|When you judge another, you judge a child of God, and when you condemn another, you condemn your Heavenly Father.
Martin Amis, Experience: A Memoir|From the moment I was first pregnant, and those around me insisted that treats such as cold cuts and nail polish could cut my unborn child's potential IQ in half, I got into the habit of NOT seeking out the little things that brought me joy. Like soft cheese. And getting too close to a Starbucks.Then my son came, and I was too busy crying while searching for his User Manual to consider a manicure or massage.I lasted about a week as a new mom before reaching out to others in my situation online. As exhausted, cranky, and confused as I was, I needed friends. It didn't take long for this gaggle of desperate, sleepless women to meet up in person...
Jean Vanier, Eruption to Hope|You see what I am driving at. The mentally handicapped do not have a consciousness of power. Because of this perhaps their capacity for love is more immediate, lively and developed than that of other men. They cannot be men of ambition and action in society and so develop a capacity for friendship rather than for efficiency. They are indeed weak and easily influenced, because they confidently give themselves to others; they are simple certainly, but often with a very attractive simplicity. Their first reaction is often one of welcome and not of rejection or criticism. Full of trust, they commit themselves deeply. Who amongst us has not been moved when met by the warm welcome of our boys and girls, by their smiles, their confidence and their outstretched arms. Free from the bonds of conventional society, and of ambition, they are free, not with the ambitious freedom of reason, but with an interior freedom, that of friendship. Who has not been struck by the rightness of their judgments upon the goodness or evil of men, by their profound intuition on certain human truths, by the truth and simplicity of their nature which seeks not so much to appear to be, as to be. Living in a society where simplicity has been submerged by criticism and sometimes by hypocrisy, is it not comforting to find people who can be aware, who can marvel? Their open natures are made for communion and love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|She is increasingly of the opinion that worrying about problems doesn't help solve them, but she hasn't really found an alternative yet. Surely you can't just leave them there.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Christ did to the Jewish orthodoxy, what Buddha did to the Hindu orthodoxy.
Sabrina Newby|Your skill, strength, and overall survival are offensive to some people. Those are definitely not your people.
V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|Blood was magic made manifest. There it thrived. And there it poisoned. Kell had seen what happened when power warred with the body, watched it darken in the veins of corrupted men, turning their blood from crimson to black. If red was the color of magic in balance---of harmony between power and humanity---then black was the color of magic without balance, without order, without restraint.
Elon Musk|Why do I talk about the benefits of failure? Simply because failure meant a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself that I was anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me.
Debasish Mridha|I am writing just to inspire you, encourage you, empower you, and give you hope when you are fighting your life's battle.
Irina Shayk|The world is getting more connected through technology and travel. Cuisines are evolving. Some people are scared of globalization, but I think people will always take pride in cultural heritage.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|I ask of you your lives,” Elend said, voice echoing, “and your courage. I ask of you your faith, and your honor—your strength, and your compassion. For today, I lead you to die. I will not ask you to welcome this event. I will not insult you by calling it well, or just, or even glorious. But I will say this.“Each moment you fight is a gift to those in this cavern. Each second we fight is a second longer that thousands of people can draw breath. Each stroke of the sword, each koloss felled, each breath earned is a victory! It is a person protected for a moment longer, a life extended, an enemy frustrated!”There was a brief pause. us!
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I walked back to the window to look down at the people who shared this city with me. The people who made every day a series of mediocrities.The unreformed murderers masquerading as businessmen in borrowed suits and debt-laden cars. The voluptuous bimbos floating around in an inexplicable mix of vacuity and despair. The crumbling face of my building looked pretty enough from across the street, but from here I could see how worn it was. I peeled off a satisfying chunk of paint, cement and matter. And I let it fall to the street below.
Karen Traviss, Matriarch|Up here on the Ice each of us is singular, isolate, I as cut off from those like me, from my society, and its rules, as he from his.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|One of a mother’s greatest gifts is to teach her child that to grow is not to timidly sit on some safe shore at water’s edge and clumsily grab whatever happens to float by. Rather, it is to deliberately step into waters both calm and turbulent in order to wrestle great things to shore. And that lesson can be best taught by a mother who stands before her child dripping wet.
Chris Penningroth|The commandment was to ‘Love thy neighbor,’ not ‘Love thy government.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Why should I even bother? What's the point, really?"He thought for a moment. "Who says there has to be a point?" he asked. "Or a reason. Maybe it's just something you have to do.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|We became friends as we became a band. Our friendship evolved as the band evolved. It had its ups and downs, but it was mostly ups for the four of us. We got along well almost all of the time. Hey! We liked each other and we still do.
Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book|When was it exactly that I became... this? By small degrees, I suppose. One act presses hard upon another, on a path we have no choice but to follow, and each time there are reasons. We do what we must, we do what we are told, we do what is easiest. What else can we do but solve one sordid problem at a time? Then one day we look up and fine we are... this.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|If you're going to say what you want to say, you're going to hear what you don't want to hear.
Hillary Clinton|When people hold you in high esteem, it's very delicate relationship. When they meet you they're putting all their chips up. It's make or break.
Sharon Olds, Stag's Leap: Poems|I'd always thought that in another world, in another time, if he hadn't been so crazy abusive, Tristan and I could have been a beautiful thing. Our connection could have been the work of art that every other relationship fell short against. I could feel it now in the way he held my hand. I could feel it in the way my heart stirred when I heard his voice.
|Would you be proud if your children grow up to be like you? If not, then it's time to turn your life around and start living an exemplary life.
Sarah Waters|She closed her eyes and let the rain fall on her face, and after another second, I could not have said what were raindrops, and what tears.
Peter Høeg, The Elephant Keepers' Children|Basker possesses three kinds of bite: a snap, a nip, and then something like a buzz saw and an angle grinder mounted on a bear trap.
Michael Caine|The Medical Society of Sedgwick County, the Kansas Hospital Association and doctors have really done some remarkable work on wellness-related issues.
Anthony T. Hincks|It's too late to change the world, but, hopefully it's not too late to change ourselves.
Haritha Velpureddy|Forcing yourself into peace is indeed stressful so do not stress yourself to run behind peace, Go through each n every stress with peace.
Dick Gregory|The sad truth about bigotry is that most bigots either don't realize that they are bigots, or they convince themselves that their bigotry is perfectly justified.
Kurt Bjorklund, Prayers for Today: A Yearlong Journey of Contemplative Prayer, 30 Day Sampler|Grant us a vision, Lord,      To see what we can achieve      To reach out beyond ourselves      To share our lives with others      To stretch our capabilities      To increase our sense of purpose      To be aware of where we can help      To be sensitive to your Presence      To give heed to your constant call.
Todd D. Boddy, The Exit: Blue Moon Chronicles|I can't do it. I can't get into a philosophical debate with an archangel, knowing how ridiculous it is and how unprepared I am.
Susan Gloss, Vintage|Cities have the capability to at any moment shift out of the familiar, even if you've lived in one all your life.
James Gleick, The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood|Information, defined intuitively and informally, might be something like 'uncertainty's antidote.' This turns out also to be the formal definition- the amount of information comes from the amount by which something reduces uncertainty...The higher the [information] entropy, the more information there is. It turns out to be a value capable of measuring a startling array of things- from the flip of a coin to a telephone call, to a Joyce novel, to a first date, to last words, to a Turing test...Entropy suggests that we gain the most insight on a question when we take it to the friend, colleague, or mentor of whose reaction and response we're least certain. And it suggests, perhaps, reversing the equation, that if we want to gain the most insight into a person, we should ask the question of qhose answer we're least certain... Pleasantries are low entropy, biased so far that they stop being an earnest inquiry and become ritual. Ritual has its virtues, of course, and I don't quibble with them in the slightest. But if we really want to start fathoming someone, we need to get them speaking in sentences we can't finish.
Keith Houghton|I felt guilty that I hadn't thought of Kizuki right away, as if I had somehow abandoned him. Back in my room, though, I came to think of it this way: two and a half years have gone by since it happened, and Kizuki is still seventeen years old. Not that this means my memory of him has faded. The things that his death gave rise to are still there, bright and clear, inside me, some of them even clearer than when they were new. What I want to say is this: I'm going to turn twenty soon. Part of what Kizuki and I shared when we were sixteen and seventeen has already vanished, and no amount of crying is going to bring that back. I can't explain it any better than this, but I think that you can probably understand what I felt and what I am trying to say.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Confidence is silent, cool, self-assurance.
Steven Seidman|Although most of the women I interviewed felt that their sexualattractions paralleled their emotional attachments, this was not alwaysthe case. In fact, women reported that on average, the percentageof physical same-sex attractions they experienced differedfrom their emotional same-sex attractions by about 15 percentagepoints in either direction (in other words, some women were moreemotionally than physically drawn to women, whereas others weremore physically than emotionally drawn). A small number ofwomen reported discrepancies of up to 40 percentage points.Like women with nonexclusive attractions, women with significantgaps between their emotional and physical feelings oftenfaced challenges in selecting a comfortable identity label. They hadto decide whether their sexual identity was better categorized bypatterns of “love” or patterns of “lust,” and they had to forecastwhat sort of relationships they might desire in the future. Manyof these women found it difficult to make these determinations.Sue, for example, felt that her attractions were riddled withcontradictions: “I prefer to make out with men, but the idea of havingsex with a man utterly repulses me. I would, however, like tomarry a woman, and that’s who I want to make a long-term commitmentto.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|I figured this guy was a fair dinkum Australian. The type of guy that worked the land all day, cracked open a beer or two at night and called girls 'sheilas'.
Drishti Bablani|It is not easy to let someone go, even when they have said unforgivable things to you.
Mark Twain|Religion is a way to make order from chaos, and I think economics is not dissimilar. In religion and in economics, you're trying to figure out the way we perceive the world and move through it, and that's what I like to learn.
Darius Rucker|With 'Transparent'. When Amazon put 'Transparent' up, along with 'Bosch' and a few other things, I watched them, and I thought it was an interesting exercise. I didn't comment on them, but I was like, 'Okay, this is kind of cool.'
Justin Tuck|I think to take your shirt off, you need to have a great body and more than that, confidence and attitude. It's all related. A great body equals confidence, and confidence equals attitude. And when you put all three together, you get a Salman Khan! And that's not me.
Basith|PoetTo mask the fiery thought,in simple words succeeds.For still the craft of genius is,To mask a king in weeds
Paul Bourget|At certain moments, words are nothing; it is thetone in which they are uttered.
Richard Brautigan, Trout Fishing in America|They dived into the ocean of shadow and smog, adding to it with the fumes of their own aircraft. The goggles were useless now, but Jacob kept them on, in case there might be some break in the murky pool. It was fitting that the Worldwaker had passed through there, with the shark emblem painted on brightly. In those deep waters it could not be seen. It almost felt like it had lured them in. The dolphins do not hunt the sharks.
Paul Brand, Fearfully and Wonderfully Made|Love is not only pure joy, and delight, but also great and deep heaviness of heart and sorrow. But love too is full of joy and sweetness even in bitter sorrow, because it regards the misery and injury of others as its own. So also Christ was glowing with burning love in His last and greatest agony. According to St. Hilary, it was Christ's greatest joy that He endured the greatest woe. Thus God "giveth strength and power unto His people" (Ps. 68:15). While they experience the greatest sorrow, their hearts overflow with joy.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|The music defied classification. If I had been writing areview of the show, I would have labeled it progressive,guitar-driven rock ’n’ roll. But the guitars made sounds guitarsdidn’t always make. Symphonic sounds. Sacred sounds.The music dug in so deep you didn’t hear it so much as feelit, reminding me of a dream I used to have when I was a kid,where I would be standing on a street corner, I would jumpinto the air, flap my arms, and soar up into the sky.That’s the only way I could describe the music.It was the sonic equivalent of flight.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I don't purchase people with money, or hiss like a snake to attract their attention, all i do is to rest on my couch because i have the conviction that no human can progress with an exception without a power behind.
D.H. Lawrence, Sons and Lovers|So he was always in the town at one place or another, drinking, knocking about with the men he knew. It really wearied him. He talked to barmaids, to almost any woman, but there was that dark, strained look in his eyes, as if he were hunting something.Everything seemed so different, so unreal. There seemed no reason why people should go along the street, and houses pile up in the daylight. There seemed no reason why these things should occupy the space, instead of leaving it empty. His friends talked to him: he heard the sounds, and he answered. But why there should be the noise of speech he could not understand.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|The object of life is not to be on the side of the majority, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane.
Paul Farmer|Together with open conversations and greater understanding, we can ensure that attitudes for mental health change and children receive the support they deserve.
Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church|Suffering often draws us closer to God. Instead of being a sign of God's punishment or distance, suffering can purify us, lead us into the heart of God, and transform our souls.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|Not Mr. Rasmussen. Call me Dom. I really think we should be on a first-name basis, since you know that I strip off my suit every night and get into bed wearing nothing at all.".
Margot Kidder|My mother died of metastatic colorectal cancer shortly before three P.M. on Christmas Day of 2008. I don't know the exact time of her death, because none of us thought to look at a clock for a while after she stopped breathing.
مُضر آل أحميّد, Dismantling ISIS|Why have not Al-Bukhari himself wrote what he has collected? Is it really possible for Muslims to depend on writers about whom they know nothing; and, consequently, build a whole religion on nothing but a guess?
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|I write into an old book that smells of dust and whose pages are floppy with damp. Sometimes the ink splodges onto the paper, other times it will barely leave the nib of my pen.
Shannon L. Alder|But may the truth be told. May the true self may be found. May the truth rule the world more than ever. How easy life will be if everyone is just true to themselves, true to their words, true to their actions and true to life?
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Be careful who influence and inspire your life. Their ways seem like leading to life but the truth is, they lead to eternal death
Alexander Smith|The historic ascent of humanity, taken as a whole, may be summarized as a succession of victories of consciousness over blind forces - in nature, in society, in man himself.
Stefan Molyneux|No, the state is anything but the result of a contract! No one with even just an ounce of common sense would agree to such a contract. I have a lot of contracts in my files, but nowhere is there one like this. The state is the result of aggressive force and subjugation. It has evolved without contractual foundation, just like a gang of protection racketeers. And concerning the struggle of all against all: that is a myth.
Gloria Gaynor|All old music was modern once, and much more of the music of yesterday already sounds more old-fashioned than works which were written three centuries ago.
H.S. Crow|Little dove, tread carefully in your dreams. You are not alone in them. Others seek them too.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|We expect too much of new buildings, and too little of ourselves.
Ann Charles, Dead Case in Deadwood|I knew that kind of thinking was paranoid, but after the wacky crap that had happened to me over the last couple of months, these days I’d be suspicious of a jolly white-bearded man in a red suit carrying a bag over his shoulder.(Violet Parker)
Susan Crimp, Why We Left Islam: Former Muslims Speak Out|Throughout the Middle Ages, Jews had no part in the culture of Christian countries, and were too severely persecuted to be able to make contributions to civilization, beyond supplying capital for the building of cathedrals and such enterprises. It was only among the Mohammedans, at that period, that Jews were treated humanely, and were able to pursue philosophy and enlightened speculation. Throughout the Middle Ages, the Mohammedans were more civilized and more humane than the Christians. Christians persecuted Jews, especially at times of religious excitement; the Crusades were associated with appalling pogroms. In Mohammedan countries, on the contrary, Jews at most times were not in any way ill treated. Especially in Moorish Spain, they contributed to learning; Maimonides (1135–1204), who was born at Cordova, is regarded by some as the source of much of Spinoza’sphilosophy.Mohammedan civilization in its great days was admirable in the arts and in many technical ways, but it showed no capacity for independent speculation in theoretical matters. Its importance, which must not be under-rated, is as a transmitter. Between ancient and modern European civilization, the dark ages intervened. The Mohammedans and the Byzantines, while lacking the intellectual energy required for innovation, preserved the apparatus of civilization—education, books, and learned leisure. Both stimulated the West when it emerged from barbarism—the Mohammedans chiefly in the thirteenth century, the Byzantines chiefly in the fifteenth.
Osho, Hsin Hsin Ming, the Book of Nothing: Discourses on the Faith Mind of Sosan|I should probably warn you, my love isn't roses and champagne. I'm obsessive, jealous, and controlling, but I'm faithful and I'll be here when you need someone.
Amy Leach, Things That Are|Whether people need nature or not, it was clear that nature needed people. But perhaps nature needs us like a hostage needs her captors: nature needs us not to annihilate her, not to run her over, not to cover her with cement, not to chop her down. We can hardly admire ourselves, then, when we stop to accommodate nature's needs: we are dubious heroes who create peril and then save it's victims, we who rescue the animals and the trees from ourselves.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Into the silence rips a sound that makes me let go of Max's hand and cover my ears. It is like the strafe of a bullet, nails on a chalkboard, promises being broken. It's a note I have never heard - this chord of pure pain - and it takes a moment to realize it is coming from me.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Sorrow and profound fatigue are at the heart of Dewey's silence. It had been his ambition to learn "exactly what happened in that house that night." Twice now he'd been told, and the two versions were very much alike, the only serious discrepancy being that Hickock attributed all four deaths to Smith, while Smith contended that Hickock had killed the two women. But the confessions, though they answered questions of how and why, failed to satisfy his sense of meaningful design. The crime was a psychological accident, virtually an impersonal act; the victims might as well have been killed by lightning. Except for one thing: they had experienced prolonged terror, they had suffered. And Dewey could not forget their sufferings. Nonetheless, he found it possible to look at the man beside him without anger - with, rather, a measure of sympathy - for Perry Smith's life had been no bed of roses but pitiful, an ugly and lonely progress toward one mirage and then another. Dewey's sympathy, however, was not deep enough to accommodate either forgiveness or mercy. He hoped to see Perry and his partner hanged - hanged back to back.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Clear out those things which compromise your consciousness, and then you have completed the first of a two part action to manifesting your desires.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life is so humbling, when we slow down and witness the gifts.
Janet Mullany, Improper Relations|But I regret to inform you that you are probably not dying''As you will.' I take a swig from the bottle of brandy, my teeth chattering against it. I don't have the energy to argue; I must save my strength for my imminent demise.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise are like a river; they go forward and upward, never backward or downward.
Danny Wallace, Yes Man|I mean No is power. No says, "I'm in charge." Think about how many times you've said yes in the past year, and how many times you would've liked to have said no instead. Maybe being able to say no is the one thing that keeps us sane. Some people go through their whole lives saying yes over and over again--yes to things they don't want to do but feel obliged to; yes to things that allow other people to take advantage of them, just because that's the way things are, the way things have always been. Some people need to learn how to say no. Because every time they say yes, they say no to themselves.
Mrs. Ernest Ames, An ABC for Baby Patriots|I am not SURE whether people have watched DID show from ZEE TV or not, Its big ambiguity whether they have really liked Teriya Magar's performance or of anyone else. But I'm SURE that they have voted Teriya and even begged other fellows to vote her just because she IS NEPALI.This way patriotism rocks and talent is sucked........
Peter Drucker|America is not just a power, it is a promise. It is not enough for our country to be extraordinary in might; it must be exemplary in meaning.
Michael Shermer|Myths, whether in written or visual form, serve a vital role of asking unanswerable questions and providing unquestionable answers. Most of us, most of the time, have a low tolerance for ambiguity and uncertainty. We want to reduce the cognitive dissonance of not knowing by filling the gaps with answers. Traditionally, religious myths have served that role, but today — the age of science — science fiction is our mythology.
Theodore Roosevelt|You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space.
Shellie Palmer|My life isn't perfect and it will never be I make mistakes, I learn from them and keep moving forward.
Anthony T Hincks|If you don't follow your dreams, someone else, somewhere will follow theirs. Don't get left behind.
Glen Duncan, The Last Werewolf|Never shall I forget those moments which murdered my God and my soul and turned my dreams to dust. Never shall I forget these things, even if I am condemned to live as long as God Himself. Never.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Through the years, I have heard that the average person speaks at about 150-160 words per minute, but can listen at a rate of about 1,000 words per minute. What is going on during all that extra mind time? •	Our minds are racing ahead and preparing for the next thing we are going to say.•	We are preoccupied with other thoughts, priorities, and distractions.•	Our subconscious filters are thumbing through our database of memories, judgments, experiences, perspectives, and opinions to frame how we are going to interpret what we think someone is saying.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Inspiration may come from many places but motivation - the love of life, daily drive and the will to thrive - that must come from you from within
Ron Rash|The instinct of the thief is most strongly marked in the Skua tribe, and I am afraid that the mere love of thieving alone actuates them on many occasions.
John Piper, Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist|But to enjoy him we must know him. Seeing is savoring. If he remains a blurry, vague fog, we may be intrigued for a season. But we will not be stunned with joy, as when the fog clears and you find yourself on the brink of some vast precipice.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The realms of love and light, anything is possible
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|Consider the simple hedgehog, and his neighbor, the opossum...do they waste their energy trying to throw one another into chasms when they face a common enemy, the winter? No!
Jiulio Consiglio|The practice of radical forgiveness, the extension of compassion-this is grace.
Holly Hurd, Venture Mom: From Idea to Income in Just 12 Weeks|Visionaries are especially afraid of a false negative: that customers will reject a flawed MVP that is too small or too limited.[…]The solution to this dilemma is a commitment to iteration. You have to commit to a locked-in agreement—ahead of time—that no matter what comes of testing the MVP, you will not give up hope. Successful entrepreneurs do not give up at the first sign of trouble, nor do they persevere the plan right into the ground. Instead, they process a unique combination of perseverance and flexibility.
Hannah Mary Rothschild, The Improbability of Love|What used to be communal living has become socio-political manipulation on a planetary scale. Everything has become a tool to engineer our consciousness development at every step, ranging from breathing to food to water...
Daniel Baldwin|I like chance meetings - life is full of them. Every day, without realising it, I pass people whom I should know.
Meg Leder, The Museum of Heartbreak|Memories are not in places, Papa. Memories are in your mind. They're here, too.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|It was possible she might not have the right feeling after all, that she wasn't in love, wasn't in limerence, but was in some unnamed place alone.
Sean Covey, The 6 Most Important Decisions You'll Ever Make: A Guide for Teens|I wasn't sleeping on the streets at night. Of course, there were a lot of good people sleeping in the streets. They weren't fools, they just didn't fit into the needed machinery of the moment. And those needs kept altering.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|I know from experience Dev, purposely breaking a man and leaving him with nothing left to live for can be a very dangerous thing.-Moe
Thomas Babington Macaulay|As far as songwriting, my inspirations came from love, life and death, and viewing other people's situations.
Tom Hopkins|We must reject the idea that every time a law's broken, society is guilty rather than the lawbreaker. It is time to restore the American precept that each individual is accountable for his actions.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|Carlos: So, what, were they psychos, or... Seth: Did they look like psychos? Is that what they looked like? They were vampires. Psychos do not explode when sunlight hits them, I don't give a fuck how crazy they are! 
Claudia Hammond, Time Warped: Unlocking the Mysteries of Time Perception|I see the last two millennia as laid out in columns, like a reverse ledger sheet. It's as if I'm standing at the top of the twenty-first century looking downwards to 2000. Future centuries float as a gauzy sheet stretching over to the left. I also see people, architecture and events laid out chronologically in the columns. When I think of the year 1805, I see Trafalgar, women in the clothes of that era, famous people who lived then, the building, etc. The sixth to tenth centuries are very green, the Middle Ages are dark with vibrant splashes of red and blue and the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries are brown with rich, lush colours in the furniture and clothing.
Ellis Peters|Well, you can fairly claim the day hasn't been wasted,' owned Cadfael generously, 'if something's been learned.
Charlotte Eriksson|So I am not a broken heart. I am not the weight I lost or miles or ran and I am not the way I slept on my doorstep under the bare sky in smell of tears and whiskey because my apartment was empty and if I were to be this empty I wanted something solid to sleep on. Like concrete. I am not this year and I am not your fault.I am muscles building cells, a little every day, because they broke that day,but bones are stronger once they heal and I am smiling to the bus driver and replacing my groceries once a week and I am not sitting for hours in the shower anymore. I am the way a life unfolds and bloom and seasons come and go and I am the way the spring always finds a way to turn even the coldest winter into a field of green and flowers and new life. I am not your fault.
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|On such sunny, sad mornings I always feel in my bones that there is a chance yet of my not being excluded from Heaven, and that salvation may be granted to me despite the frozen mud and horror in my heart.
Joshua Stannard, How Good Can It Get|Everything we encounter in life is an opportunity to choose God and in turn become more like Him in the process. Quick contentment fixes are corner cutters; when we cut the corner and cut the process, we miss what God wants to do.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Elizabeth and Her German Garden|Celebrate the journey. It’s not all about the destination. Savor all of your successes, even the small ones.
Sogyal Rinpoche|What we have to learn, in both meditation and in life, is to be free ofattachment to the good experiences, and free of aversion to the negative ones.
Set it off|Maybe you'll change Abandon all your wicked waysMake amends and start anew againMaybe you'll seeAll the wrongs you did to meAnd start all over, start all over again.Who am i kidding?Now, lets not get overzealous hereYoure always been a huge piece of shitIf i could kill you i wouldBut it's frowned upon in all fifty statesHaving said that, burn in Hell.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Edge|Expect it, believe it, trust yourself and the process, and allow it to come to you.
Kendall Jenner|Drawing the desperate and the adrift, Los Angeles has long been the dumping ground of dreams both real and cinematic.
Idries Shah, Reflections|There is a time to speak up, and a time to be silent. A time to read and a time to write. A time to learn and a time to teach. A time to listen and time to be heard. A time to lose and a time to gain. And for all of these things the time in now
Adam Levin, The Instructions|Pride is a wound, and vanity is the scab on it. One's life picks at the scab to open the wound again and again. In men, it seldom heals and often grows septic.
Robert Palmer|Downtown Toronto is a very good place to talk about the neutrality of modernist architecture. I'm sure this kind of box-building was interesting in the Twenties, Thirties and Forties, but I think it's absolutely ridiculous to build like this in 2013.
Isabel Allende, Of Love and Shadows|When shall I cease to regret you! – When learn to feel a home elsewhere! – Oh! Happy house, could you know what I suffer in now viewing you from this spot, from whence perhaps I may view you no more! – And you, ye well-known trees! – but you will continue the same. – No leaf will decay because we are removed, nor any branch become motionless although we can observe you no longer! – No; you will continue the same; unconscious of the pleasure or the regret you occasion, and insensible of any change in those who walk under your shade! – But who will remain to enjoy you?
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|If educated ones would behave like illiterates, how the nation would end corruption?
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|Sometimes, you need to spit stuff out in words to get it better arranged in your head. I figure if you never talk about it, it just picks its own spot and lays there and festers.
Tim Harford|When I was 18, I couldn't wait to move away. I was like: 'If I ever have to come back here, I'll kill myself.' Glasgow seemed like failure and death to me back then, but not any more.
Jeanne McElvaney, Old Maggie's Spirit Whispers|When you're scared, invite your spirit out of hiding.Wear pointed shoes with build in sass > Let your wings take you where your heart trembles > Wave the want that remembers your magic > Bring your green umbrella without apologies.
John C. Wright, The Golden Transcendence|Rationality or consciousness is itself a ratio or proportion among the sensuous components of experience, and is not something added to such sense experience. Subrational beings have no means of achieving such a ratio or proportion in their sense lives but are wired for fixed wave lengths, as it were, having infallibility in their own area of experience. Consciousness, complex and subtle, can be impaired or ended by a mere stepping-up or dimming-down of any one sense intensity, which is the procedure in hypnosis. And the intensification of one sense by a new medium can hypnotize an entire community.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Sometimes customizing is necessary because of an injury or the inability to do, for a short or long period, the kind of exercise you formerly did. When you're used to customizing for fun, doing it under duress won't seem like such an imposition. Either way, experiment until you find activities that make you happy as well as healthy. Choose your exercise using the same criteria you'd apply to choosing a date--that is, attractive to you and able to hold your interest for an hour.
Peter Høeg, The Quiet Girl|No person can open another person, All we can do is wait. And then work with the openness when it occur.s.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|If you really want to understand life, you have to stop pointing fingers at others and begin to understand every aspect of your life and see how it shapes in different ways.
Alice Walker|Poetry, fiction as novels or short stories - these are autonomous as created by their authors. They should stand on their own, like pieces of furniture that should be judged as to their usefulness, elegance.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|His frustration with some Americans was like that of a disappointed parent. He was so content in this country, so impressed with and loving of its opportunities, but then why, sometimes, did Americans fall short of their best selves?
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Because to influence a person is to give him one's own soul. He does not think his natural thoughts, or burn with his natural passions. His virtues are not real to him. His sins, if there are such things as sins, are borrowed. He becomes an echo of some one else's music, an actor of a part that has not been written for him. The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly -- that is what each of us is here for. People are afraid of themselves, nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to one's self.
Noam Chomsky|Vision - It reaches beyond the thing that is, into the conception of what can be. Imagination gives you the picture. Vision gives you the impulse to make the picture your own.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|To heal from child sexual abuse you must believe that you were a victim, that the abuse really did take place. This is often difficult for survivors. When you’ve spent your life denying the reality of your abuse, when you don’t want it to be true, or when your family repeatedly calls you crazy or a liar, it can be hard to remain firm in the knowledge that you were abused.
Nodar Dumbadze, მარადისობის კანონი|სამხრეთის კედელზე მაცხოვრის ერთადერტი თვალდახრილი და სახედაფხეკილი ფრესკის ქვეშ ვიღაც ლაზღანდარა ათეისტს მუშაირა ჰქონდა გამართული თვითონ მაცხოვართან. უცხვირპირო და უთვალო, როგორ გიწამო, უფალო?!-კომკავშირელი ათეისტი. ასე აწერდა ხელს ლექსის ატორი. ცოტა ქვევით უფლის პასუხი იყო, ასევე ლურსმნით ამოკაწრული: კომკავშირელო, თუ არ გწამს, სახარება და ღმერთიო, ამ სიმაღლეზე მეორედ, გთხოვ, აღარ ამოეთრიო!-იესო ქრისტე. ასე აწერდა ხელს პასუხის ავტორი.
Anonymous, The Poetic Edda|Men brave and generous live the best lives, seldom will they sorrow; then there are fools, afraid of everything, who grumble instead of giving.
Faye Hall|If I could, I would take you with me," he said, his voice barely more than a whisper.She tried to pull away from him. "You would not. You would grow tired of me in a few weeks."He shook his head, pulling her tight against him. "No...I could never grow tired of you.""How can you be so sure?" she asked.He brushed tendrils of hair from her face. "I have craved to know you for years...even just to hear you speak my name...a single touch of your hand on mine..."He kissed her softly, his lips tasting hers. "I want you to be mine...I want you always."- 'unknown script' 2012
Natalie Wright, Emily's House|Ah, yes, choice. I chose to let my ghosts stay in past. Past is history you know. Living is now. I sat. I breathed. I let past go. I let future go. I am. That is all.
Onyi Anyado|When man comes into the presence of God he will find, whether he wishes it or not, that all those things which seemed to make him so different from the men of other times, or even from his earlier self, have fallen off. He is back where he always was, where every man always is.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|Oh, my child, can you not see? You must let go of yourself. For if a seed wishes to live, it must sacrifice itself and grow outward, not inward.
Evgeny Morozov|To those who have exhausted politics, nothing remains but abstract thought.
Kris Carr|Growing up, I had a very normal relationship with my brother and sister. But, over time, they became my best friends, and now I hang out with them all the time. I'm very close with them.
Georges Bataille|Moon! Moon! I am prone before you. Pity me, and drench me in loneliness.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|The state of interbeing is a vulnerable state. It is the vulnerability of the naive altruist, of the trusting lover, of the unguarded sharer. To enter it, one must leave behind the seeming shelter of a control-based life, protected by walls of cynicism, judgment, and blame.
Anna Julia Cooper|Lincoln's stature and strength, his intelligence and ambition - in short, all the elements which gave him popularity among men in New Salem, rendered him equally attractive to the fair sex of that village.
Sam Hunt|I had a very lovely childhood, and, being an only child, I'm very close to my mom and my dad.
Peter Hitchens, The Abolition of Britain: From Winston Churchill to Princess Diana|Trying to win a power struggle is like trying to win a nuclear war. You may achieve your goal, but not without catastrophic casualties on both sides.
Cindee Snider Re, Discovering Hope: Beginning the Journey Toward Hope in Chronic Illness|A myth is a story that is "more than true." Many stories are true because one person, somewhere, at some time, lived it. But a myth is more than true because it is lived by all of us, at some level. It's a story that connects and speaks to us all.
Alice Hoffman, Blue Diary|I have such a hopeless dream of walking or being there at night, nothing happens, I just pass, everything is unbearably over with.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Women of the thinking society are the builders of nations. Women of the sentient society are the builders of the world. And given the same honor and dignity as men, women can build a much better and more harmonious world. Harmony and conflict-solving run in their veins. Whereas men have evolved into more authoritarian creatures.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|The service of humanity, is the service of God.
John Wyndham|We are explorers. We are at present, as far as we know, the only explorers of the universe. For a long time we thought that ours was the only planet that could support life. Then we found others that could – a few. For still longer we thought we were unique – the only intelligent form of life – a single, freakish pinpoint of reason in a vast, adventitious cosmos – utterly lonely in the horrid wastes of space.… Again we discovered we were mistaken…But intelligent life is rare… very rare indeed… the rarest thing in creation…But the most precious…For intelligent life is the only thing that gives meaning to the universe. It is a holy thing, to be fostered and treasured.Without it nothing begins, nothing ends, there can be nothing through all eternity but the mindless babblings of chaos…Therefore, the nurture of all intelligent forms is a sacred duty. Even the merest spark of reason must be fanned in the hope of a flame. Frustrated intelligence must have its bonds broken. Narrow-channelled intelligence must be given the power to widen out. High intelligence must be learned from. That is why I have stayed here.
Christina Engela|The fire alarm went off. Fire engines came racing; we all rushed out on the gravel drive, everyone thinking it was us. In fact, one of the elderly residents of Saltram had left a pan on the oven in her flat. Apparently this happens all the time. The tenant in question is appearing as an extra -- playing one of the cooks.
Jack Ma|We cannot change the cards we are dealt, just how we play the game.
Steven Hall, The Raw Shark Texts|There’s no way to really preserve a person when they’ve gone and that’s because whatever you write down it’s not the truth, it’s just a story. Stories are all we’re ever left with in our head or on paper: clever narratives put together from selected facts, legends, well edited tall tales with us in the starring roles
Paresh Shah|Entrepreneurship is not a career choice, its a way of life!
James Caskey, Charleston's Ghosts: Hauntings in the Holy City|Fuck the weather forecasters and their predictions. With magic, he’d just turned their Doppler radar upside down.Sapphire Phelan (Being Familiar With a Witch)
Genevieve Dewey, The Good Life|I want to be with you, Demetria. Go on dates, have sex and pointless arguments, figure out why you like to eat rabbit food, be the person you call first when you’ve had a bad day, come over and hold your hair when you’re sick. How much clearer can I make this?
Richard S. Hallam|All the problems of the nation are nothing, in comparison to the might of God
Evy Michaels|Home is where I am the least organized, I let go and become the truest version of myself; not because I don't care how I am perceived, rather, I know exactly how I am perceived and that gives me the courage to be carefree
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|The gutters in the lane overflowed with an odd, languid grace. Water filled the lane; rose from ankle-deep to knee-deep. Insects swam in circles. Urchins splashed about haphazardly, while Saraswati returned from market with a shopping-bag in her hands; insects swam away to avoid this clumsy giant. Her wet footprints printing the floor of the house were as rich with possibility as the first footprint Crusoe found on his island.
Alexei Navalny|Sonia Gandhi and her husband have always been persons I look at with a lot of respect. Of course, one of the reasons we look at India with a lot of sympathy and enthusiasm is Sonia Gandhi. Now she is Indian, not Italian, but she will always represent a myth for Italians.
Pierre Bayard, How to Talk About Books You Haven't Read|Fictional characters exert a great deal of influence over our choices in love by representing inaccessible ideals to which we try to make others conform, usually without success. But more subtly, too, the books we love offer a sketch of a whole universe that we secretly inhabit, and in which we desire the other person to assume a role.
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|I have found it an amusing strategy, when asked whether I am an atheist, to point out that the questioner is also an atheist when considering Zeus, Apollo, Amon Ra, Mithras, Baal, Thor, Wotan, the Golden Calf and the Flying Spaghetti Monster. I just go one god further.
Luigina Sgarro|Communication leads to community, that is, to understanding, intimacy and mutual valuing.
Arthur Phillips, The Song Is You|I regret profoundly that I was not an American and not born in Greenwich Village. It might be dying, and there might be a lot of dirt in the air you breathe, but this is where it's happening.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|She had thought of literature all these years (her seclusion, her rank, her sex must be her excuse) as something wild as the wind, hot as fire, swift as lightning; something errant, incalculable, abrupt, and behold, literature was an elderly gentleman in a grey suit talking about duchesses…Orlando then came to the conclusion (opening half-a-dozen books)…that it would be impolitic in the extreme to wrap a ten-pound note round the sugar tongs when Miss Christina Rossetti came to tea…next (here were half-a-dozen invitations to celebrate centenaries by dining) that literature since it all these dinners must be growing very corpulent; next (she was invited to a score of lectures on the Influence of this upon that; the Classical revival; the Romantic survival, and other titles of the same engaging kind) that literature since it listened to all these lectures must be growing very dry; next (here she attended a reception given by a peeress) that literature since it wore all those fur tippets must be growing very respectable; next (here she visited Carlyle’s sound-proof room at Chelsea) that genius since it needed all this coddling must be growing very delicate…
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|If we construct an economy where quantities are controlled, based on the belief there is never enough for all, then we must compete to determine the winners. We begin this with grades in the first grade. There is the presumption that competition is essential and so there must be a normal distribution of grades. All students cannot receive high marks. If I get an A, someone in the class must perform poorly. It is an early lesson in how the marketplace ideology works. In a community organized around abundance, competition will occur, but it is not built into the system as a core design element. In a neighborly culture, the abundance of resources becomes the design element
Corey Taylor|I believe in my privacy. I always have, and I always will. I don't think that my private life needs to be on display for me to get a better response at the box office or for me to get a better choice of movies.
Martin McGuinness|It's pretty cool I'm known for FIFA. If you think of KSI, people instantly think, 'Ah, that FIFA YouTuber.' I didn't think I would be up there as the ambassador of FIFA on YouTube, but I'll take it.
Kakeru Yuiga|Is happiness found in the nest where there's no hardship? Or is it in the outer world with vast sky? When the time comes, what would you keep and what would you abandon?
Dixie Waters|Upstairs, in the cupboard, he had a box of things he had saved as a boy and a young man. He hadn't looked into it in twenty years or more. Nothing fancy or valuable, but things that had meant something to him at one time. He found it, and found the key, and carried it downstairs without opening it.
Mark Twain, The Wit and Wisdom of Mark Twain|God help me, how Tolstoy sweats over drying up people's sources of life, of wild and joyful life, drying them up and making the world fat with the love of God and everyman. ... But the man is old, after all, his fountains of life run dry, without a trace remaining of human affections. ... Only someone who has become slow and watertight with old age, satiated and hardened with pleasure, will go to youth and say, Renounce! ... And yet the youth renounces nothing, but sins royally for forty years. Such is the course of nature!
levi paul taylor|remember,it's not what one wears or has in one's pocketrather it's what's in the heart andthe kindness that brings forth..LT
Himmilicious|Like Solzhenitsyn, I shall return, one bright dusk.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|[W]e need not become fixated upon our own suffering, whatever its origin. We offer it up, thus participating in the well-being of the universe. When we experience an illness or depression not as our own but as the universe’s, we are one with all beings who experience this kind of suffering. (78)
Nichole Chase, Suddenly Royal|The hardest part of any important task is getting started on it in the first place. Once you actually begin work on a valuable task, you seem to be naturally motivated to continue.
Erik Bundy, Magic and Murder Among the Dwarves|Fate might forgive greed, or gluttony, or even bloodlust, but it never ignores being ignored.
Serge Benhayon, The Way It Is: A Treatise On Energetic Truth|Anything you do to overcome or prevent, causes a spotlight on the every thing you are wanting to overcome and prevent. You cannot take enough action to compensate for the Energy that you're flowing.
Pamela Cummins, Psychic Wisdom on Love and Relationships|To let go means to give up coercing, resisting, or struggling, in exchange for something more powerful and wholesome which comes out of allowing things to be as they are without getting caught up in your attraction to or rejection of them, in the intrinsic stickiness of wanting, of liking and disliking. It's akin to letting your palm open to unhand something you have been holding on to.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Fear is the worst enemy of sex. If a man is afraid of something … he will start losing interest in sex. And, eventually he may become impotent.
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|...humanity is a disease, a cancer on the body of the world.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|The price of a memory, is the memory of the sorrow it brings.
Heinrich Heine|Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
Richard Hell|Basically, I have one feeling... the desire to get out of here. And any other feelings I have come from trying to analyze, you know, why I want to go away... See, I always feel uncomfortable and I just want to... walk out of the room. It's not going to any other place or any other sensation, or anything like that, it's just to get out of 'here'.
