Cyril Connolly|One could surely argue that the Buddhist tradition, taken as a whole, represents the richest source of contemplative wisdom that any civilization has produced.
Geoff Hoon|My sporting hero was Drazen Petrovic, the NBA basketball player, who was killed in a car accident in 1993. He was a good friend, an unbelievable player, and I dedicated my Wimbledon win to him.
James Caan|I cannot go to Montreal without going to Beauty's, my favorite place for breakfast, where I have the Mish-Mash omelet with hot dogs, salami, eggs, green peppers, and onions, and the best banana bread in the world. It's legendary!
Joyce Meyer|The Palestinians want a state, but they have to give peace in return. What they're trying to do in the United Nations is to get a state without giving Israel peace or giving Israel peace and security. And I think that's, that's wrong. That should not succeed. That should, that should fail.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|I wrapped my fingers around the first light I saw and felt all at once so happy and so sad and so free. My hand was cold somehow as I lifted the tiny star out of the water and brought its trembling, burning form to my face. I kissed it gently and laughed like a child as my face seemed to become angelic for a few moments. The star laughed back at me in little sweet notes, and I released it back to the sea. I can still feel the star in my hands to this day. You can have your noctiluca scintillans, your petty protists in the sea. I prefer to sail among the stars.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Blood is power, and the heart consumed of one much loved is the most powerful thing of all. After all, what is love if you keep your heart?
Rachel Hollis, Smart Girl|We look at the world through our own eyes, naturally. But by looking from the inside out, we see an inside-out world. This book takes the perspective of the world outside us—a world in which humans are not the measure of all things, a human race among other races. ...In our estrangement from nature we have severed our sense of the community of life and lost touch with the experience of other animals. ...understanding the human animal becomes easier in context, seeing our human thread woven into the living web among the strands of so many others.
Sherrie Eldridge, Twenty Things Adopted Kids Wish Their Adoptive Parents Knew|Listen to your hearts, parents! You are the expert when it comes to knowing your child. I love the Scripture that says we are to let the peace of God rule in our hearts...In other words, peace in your heart is to be like an umpire calling the shots. When in doubt--DON'T!
Gwenda Bond, Triple Threat|We tend to overlook goodness, but we must put goodness front and center in our lives.
M. Black, Exotiqa|You can have all the information on culture in the world–’ Pix continues.'We don’t possess all the information on culture, just three thousand, five hundred and thirty-four petabytes of data on human culture,’ I correct.Pix smiles and finishes, ’…But unless the words become a part of you, you never really understand, do you?
Tahira Amir Khan, Through the Golden Door: The Doorway to Our Advancement|If our hearts are at war, we would not be able to experience Heaven in our hearts
Edgar Rice Burroughs|I took her in my arms and kissed her.And thus in the midst of a city of wild conflict, filled with the alarms of war; with death and destruction reaping their terrible harvest around her, did Dejah Thoris, Princess of Helium, true daughter of Mars, the God of War, promise herself in marriage to John Carter, Gentleman of Virginia.
Sebastian Junger|I, not for the first time, would like to say that I never took a pro-Iraq position during the Gulf War.
Sunday Adelaja|In bringing dreams into fulfillment, your potential and extraordinary personality must be revealed
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I would follow such beauty, said something inside Ender. I would see as those eyes see.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My path is full of petals–I have swept it for no others.My thatch gate has been closed–but opens now for you. It’s a long way to the market, I can offer you little– Yet here in my cottage there is old wine for our cups.
Martin Rees|Why have I been chosen to deliver the message of female intelligence and its divinity to a deaf world of males? I have asked my god that question and She answered, 'Hey, why not you Roseanne?' Indeed, why not each of us?
J.M. Darhower, Sweetest Sorrow|When the lost doesn’t want to be found, he cannot be regarded as the lost!
Gerry Spence, Give Me Liberty: Freeing Ourselves in the Twenty-First Century|Children, as persons, are entitled to the greatest respect. Children are given to us as free-flying souls, but then we clip their wings like we domesticate the wild mallard. Children should become the role-models for us, their parents, for they are coated with the spirit from which they came- out of the ether, clean, innocent, brimming with the delight of life, aware of the beauty of the simplest thing; a snail, a bud....
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|As a woman still,without the right kind of mouth,my tongue’s of no use.
Walter Murch|Masterpieces of art possess immense potential to advance a worldview that could help assuage the societal terrors posed by globalization, the most thoroughgoing socioeconomic upheaval since the Industrial Revolution, which has set off a pandemic of retrogressive nationalism, regional separatism, and religious extremism.
Athol Dickson, They Shall See God|Nothing stood between Sheryl's heart and skin. She was whole in her sorrow, perfectly connected inside and out, soul and body united, swaying with complete abandon to a dirge that only she could hear.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|We have another chance to navigate, perhaps in a slightly different way than we did yesterday. We cannot go back. But we can learn.
Sebastian Thrun|In practice, downsizing is too often about cutting your work force while keeping your business the same, and doing so not by investments in productivity-enhancing technology, but by making people pull 80-hour weeks and bringing in temps to fill the gap.
Garrett Hedlund|We know that when people are safe in their homes, they are free to pursue their dream for a brighter economic future for themselves and their families.
Trisha Yearwood|Is detachment the answer to freedom? No, because detachment is negative - it is to be without. The answer must be positive - I must replace what I have with something better.
Chelsea Ballinger, Sinners & Saints|A true recognition of God's sovereignty will avow God’s perfect right to do with us as He wills. The one who bows to the pleasure of the Almighty will acknowledge His absolute right to do with us as seemeth Him good. If He chooses to send poverty, sickness, domestic bereavements, even while the heart is bleeding at every pore, it will say, Shall not the Judge of all the earth do right! Often there will be a struggle, for the carnal mind remains in the believer to the end of his earthly pilgrimage. But though there may be a conflict within his breast, nevertheless, to the one who has really yielded himself to this blessed truth there will presently be heard that Voice saying, as of old it said to the turbulent Gennesaret, "Peace be still"; and the tempestuous flood within will be quieted and the subdued soul will lift a tearful but confident eye to Heaven and say, “Thy will be done.
L.M. Montgomery|Oh, here we are at the bridge. I'm going to shut my eyes tight. I'm always afraid going over bridges. I can't help imagining that perhaps, just as we get to the middle, they'll crumple up like a jackknife and nip us. So I shut my eyes. But I always have to open them for all when I think we're getting near the middle. Because, you see, if the bridge did crumple up I'd want to see it crumple. What a jolly rumble it makes! I always like the rumble part of it. Isn't it splendid there are so many things to like in this world?
Andrew Klavan, The Great Good Thing: A Secular Jew Comes to Faith in Christ|This heart within me I can feel, and I judge that it exists. This world I can touch, and I likewise judge that it exists. There ends all my knowledge, and the rest is construction. (...) Forever I shall be a stranger to myself.
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|If a certain event repeats itself over and over again, it means somewhere someone has destined it
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|The pulse visible in the pale column of her neck vibrated faster, her intoxicating scent washed over him, and he was dizzy with lust. Even through his mail and gambeson, he could feel her womanly curves crushed against his hard chest. He uncurled his fingers from her throat and ran the tough leather of his palm’s mitten along her neck and to the enticing curve of her shoulder. He nudged her mantle an inch, exposing skin. He cursed that his hand was covered in mail. How long had he wanted to taste, to touch her precious skin? Unable to resist, he bent and, with his tongue, touched, tasted the heat of the skin on her collarbone. Oh, Christ, she was lovely. She shivered, and satisfaction roared through him.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Self care, self love.Self esteem, self confidence
Erik Pevernagie|Since we live in a world of appearances, people are judged by what they seem to be. If the mind can't read the predictable features, it reacts with alarm or aversion. Faces which don’t fit in the picture are socially banned. An ugly countenance, a hideous outlook can be considered as a crime and criminals must be inexorably discarded from society. ( "Ugly mug offense" )
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I come in contact with mixed-up people, young men and women caught in the anguish of their own unpreparedness, intellectuals who have been seduced by false science, and rich men held in the grip of insecurity. They have no commitment to any goal. They lack an anchorage for their real self. And I long to take every one of them by the hand and lead them into the presence of the One who said, “Come unto me, all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest” [Matthew 11:28 KJV].
Gisele Bundchen|I have never gone on a real trip, never taken a holiday. The best holiday for me is spent in my workshops when nearly everybody else is on vacation.
Jolina Petersheim|While some people are good at painting, playing an instrument or singing, I have been told more than once I am good at storytelling. I hope that you enjoy my stories as I recall them.
Anonymous|Unlike my father and millions of Chinese, everyone in America—every man, woman and child, whether rich or poor— has the freedom to choose, freedom to shape his or her own destiny. Don’t you agree that you can better manage your own life than other people can?
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|The sea was my first home...Now that I had nowhere else to go, this was the last place I felt safe.
Stephen King, It|Driving a desk was sometimes lonely, but Eddie had been in the drivers'-seat himself more than once, his aspirator riding there with him on the dashboard, its trigger reflected ghostly in the windshield (and a bucket-load of pills in the glove compartment), and he knew that real loneliness was a smeary red: the color of the taillights of the car ahead of you reflected on wet hottop in a driving rain.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|The accent was warm and soft and undeniably Northern. When I turned around, I was staring into a pair of beautiful crystal-blue eyes. “Wow,” I whispered. I scanned the paint swatches, wondering if such a shade of blue would look good on the exterior of my house. “Mr. Johnson said you might need help selecting paint.” “It’s impossible,” I muttered. “I just wanted to buy some blue paint. Why is this so complicated?” The handsome man stepped closer to my side. “It isn’t, really. Just pick what you like.” I like crystal-blue. Luckily, I didn’t say those words aloud.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Ruth’s] disposition is the same all the time—very sweet and very gracious and very charming. When it comes to spiritual things, my wife has had the greatest influence on my ministry.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Without seeing the whole picture and without knowing the whole story of a man’s life, our judgements about him will most probably be wrong and unfair!
E. O. Wilson|I'm a born-again Christian. I was raised Episcopalian - I've always been of a Christian faith, but I became much more active in it when I married my first husband, Marvin. I changed from Episcopalian to Baptist.
Charbel Tadros|Negativity is like burning plastic: while destroying itself, it annoys everyone with its stench.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|But, in her life, nothing was going to happen. Such was the will of God! The future was a dark corridor, and at the far end the door was bolted.
Marcel Duchamp|I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people.
Brenda Wilhelmson, Diary of an Alcoholic Housewife|Have you ever really wanted to be able to do something, but you came across a roadblock of some kind?You have a difficult choice. I made that choice once and it changed my whole life, by giving me experiences I never would have had if I took the easy street and had not tried.
Sunday Adelaja|I used to feel spiritually inferior because I had not experienced the more spectacular manifestations of the Spirit and could not point to any bona fide “miracles” in my life. Increasingly, though, I have come to see that what I value may differ greatly from what God values. Jesus, often reluctant to perform miracles, considered it progress when he departed earth and entrusted the mission to his flawed disciples. Like a proud parent, God seems to take more delight as a spectator of the bumbling achievements of stripling children than in any self-display of omnipotence. From God’s perspective, if I may speculate, the great advance in human history may be what happened at Pentecost, which restored the direct correspondence of spirit to Spirit that had been lost in Eden. I want God to act in direct, impressive, irrefutable ways. God wants to “share power” with the likes of me, accomplishing his work through people, not despite them.
Prem Rawat|It is not length of life, but depth of life.
John Madden|The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The event of falling in love is of such a nature that we are right to reject as intolerable the idea that it should be transitory. In one high bound it has overleaped the massive of our selfhood; it has made appetite itself altruistic, tossed personal happiness aside as a triviality and planted the interests of another in the centre of our being. Spontaneously and without effort we have fulfilled the law (towards one person) by loving our neighbour as ourselves. It is an image, a foretaste, of what we must become to all if Love Himself rules in us without a rival. It is even (well used) a preparation for that.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|If you have a story inside you but don't know where to start, look within and write from the heart, for the heart will never steer you wrong.
Stephanie Lawton, Shrapnel|If you tell anyone what I just told you, I’ll call the Mob. I know some of them, you know.” “Bullshit.” I shrugged. “Believe what you want.” Finch eyed me suspiciously, and then smiled. “You are officially the coolest person I know.” “That’s sad, Finch. You should get out more,” I said, stopping at the cafeteria entrance.
Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education|Seeds have the power to preserve species, to enhance cultural as well as genetic diversity, to counter economic monopoly and to check the advance of conformity on all its many fronts.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|When I stay in one Place, I can hardly think at all; my body had to be on the move to set my mind going." Jean-Jacques Rousseau.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|I think we should throw money at artists, not at girls who take their clothes off because they made a bad choice in life.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Passion|Need a triumph, his demon whined.I'll get you one. Promise.Sure?What are you, Doubt? Yeah, I'm sure.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|When Jordan was a baby he sat on top of me much as a fly rests on a hill of dung. And I nourished him as a hill of dung nourishes a fly, and when he had eaten his fill he left me.Jordan...I should have named him after a stagnant pond and then I could have kept him, but I named him after a river and in the flood-tide he slipped away.
Pat Frank, Alas, Babylon|It was a surprise, and a delight, to see children devour books. Without ever knowing it, they were receiving an education.
Debasish Mridha|The best way to achieve great success is to learn from wise people. Use them extensively with love, gratitude, and humility.
D. Clarence Snyder|Technology is too crazy for me, but I would be very happy when they make phone that can cook.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Intelligence is not measured by how much you know, but by how much you have the capacity to learn.
Murad S. Shah|The questions you don't ask are just as important as you do. The questions you ask show what you understand, and ones you don't show what you know.
James Jennewein|What the fates have writ, men shall not erase . . . . How many times he [Lut] had uttered those words. But what exactly did they mean? That one’s fate was inalterably fixed? A man’s entire life? Was there no chance for redemption? Though he had never revealed this to anyone, especially not the elders, he’d long entertained the notion that perhaps not all of a man’s life was preordained. For, if so, what was the point of living? Perhaps, just perhaps, he dared to imagine, impediments were placed in our paths by the gods, and a man was judged by how well he dealt with those obstacles . . . . Instead of a man being wholly defined by his fate, perhaps a man’s very character was defined by his response to the fate that was spun for him. Couldn’t it at least be possible?
Ken Follett, The Key to Rebecca|Ishmael was looking at him through narrowed eyes. “This is very important to you, this box.”“It’s important to the world.”Ishmael said: “The sun rises, and the sun sets. Sometimes it rains. We live, then we die.” He shrugged.He would never understand, Wolff thought; but others would.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|First visualize your goal in your mind. Then have a leap of faith, and let your passion guide you throughout the process.
Penelope Douglas, Falling Away|JAMIE'S SONG 'Bright Blue Dream':I watch the world go round and round.And see the sun go up and down.I think I’ve heard most every soundExcept your voice.I feel the river by my feet.And let the tears dry indiscrete.Seems the horizon’s incompleteWithout your face.The world is a colder place,Shadows everywhere you used to be.Darker than the darkest nights I’ve seen.And I try go back to thatBright blue dream.When there was nothing, there was nothing, but you and me.Clear blue sky.Yes there was something, there was something, I could not see.
ceh prince|Good friends will share the umbrella. Best friends will steal it and yell: It’s Awesome, Now Run!
Stephan Labossiere|[…] I have a date this afternoon." "Oh, Lord." Jake closed his eyes. "Who are you going to destroy now?""I beg your pardon?""The hotel would appreciate it if you'd just throw back the men you don't like without maiming them.""I haven't maimed anyone.""You almost drowned Lance, you scared Peter into heart palpitations, you stabbed Donald with a fork, and you hit Brad over the head with a bottle." Jake shook his head. "And they still ask you out.
Norman Spinrad, Bug Jack Barron|Kiss me, and you'll live forever. You'll be a frog, but you'll live forever.
George R.R. Martin, A Knight of the Seven Kingdoms|Some words are wind, ser. Some are treason.
Debasish Mridha|We can bring peace in the world, not by eliminating violence in the world, but by finding the causes of violence and by preventing those from infecting the society.
Emma Newman, Planetfall|Choose your next move, if you don't it will be choosen by somebody else.
Douglas Adams|I have a very, very good life. I'm grateful for all of my friends, my family and the life that I have, and the possibilities in my future.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Book of Imaginary Beings|The famed author Robert Lewis Stevenson declared that he'd trained his Brownies to be writers. As he slept, they would whisper fantastic plots in his ear -- for example, the strange case of Dr. Jekyll and the diabolical Mr. Hyde, and that episode in "Olalla" when a young man from an old Spanish family bites his sister's hand.
Chet Atkins|Success consists in being successful, not in having potential for success. Any wide piece of ground is the potential site of a palace, but there's no palace till it's built.
John Archibald Wheeler|You will look young when you feel young, but to simply feel that you are young will not always cause you to feel young. The real feeling of youth comes when we actually think in the consciousness of youth and give the realization of the now to every thought.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When you are angry you will find that you have lost yourself. You have lost yourself to outside forces. Your actions are no longer seeking to benefit your life. You must center yourself, allow yourself to calm down and postpone the making of decisions to a time when you have stabilized.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A Christian who understands the power of prayer, and lives a just life has power because of prayer and righteousness.
Shay Savage, Uncockblockable|I’m going to make you feel so good,” I swore to her, “that you’re going to not just scream my name, but forget yours.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Unless the church quickly recovers the authoritative biblical message, we may witness the spectacle of millions of Christians going outside the institutional church to find spiritual food.
Joseph Campbell|A friend is an emotional bond, just like friendship is a human experience.
Stefan D|- Why'd you even think I'd read your diploma before, during, or after buying 10 copies of it in an all-you-can-drink online bar? - If I could drink what I read, I'd probably still be drunk on Joyce's Ulysses. I should've chased it with a racer.-Stefan D and Jarod Kintz
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|Cling to the One who clings to nothing;And so clinging, cease to cling.
Roy Moore|When asked if I consider myself Buddhist, the answer is, Not really. But it's more my religion than any other because I was brought up with it in an intellectual and spiritual environment. I don't practice or preach it, however.
Jennifer Lowery, Hard Core|The task is not to turn the world upside down but in a given place to do what, from the perspecive of reality, is necessary objectively and to really carry it out.
Sunday Adelaja|Lust for power, greed, false religions reign today because of lack of vision and passion to redeem nations
C.S. Friedman, This Alien Shore|I've been watching you ever since you came into town, and you never gave a single sign that you were interested in her. That's why I made a move. If I couldn't tell, neither can she.""I'm very bad at co
R.A. Salvatore|Arrogance convinced me that by sheer determination, I could conquer helplessness itself. Stubborn and foolish youth, I must admit, for when I look back on those years now, I see quite clearly that rarely did I stand alone. Always there were friends, true and dear, lending me support even when I believed I did not want it, and even when I did not realize they were doing it. ...These were the companions who justified my principles, who gave me strength to continue against any foe, real or imagined. These were the companions who fought the helplessness, the rage, and frustration. These were the friends who gave me my life.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|It seems to me I am trying to tell you a dream--making a vain attempt, because no relation of a dream can convey the dream-sensation, that commingling of absurdity, surprise, and bewilderment in a tremor of struggling revolt, that notion of being captured by the incredible which is of the very essence of dreams...No, it is impossible; it is impossible to convey the life-sensation of any given epoch of one's existence--that which makes its truth, its meaning--its subtle and penetrating essence. It is impossible. We live, as we dream-alone...
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|And now about the cauldron singLike elves and fairies in a ring,Enchanting all that you put in.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|This is God's universe and he is the master gardener of all. If we were to eliminate all colors in his garden,then what would be a rainbow with only one color? Or a garden with only one kind of flower? Why would the Creator create a vast assortment of plants, ethnicities, and animals, if only one beast or seed is to dominate all of existence?
Michael Muhammad Knight, Journey to the End of Islam|During his hajj, Malcolm [Malcolm X] fell into a new Islam with the same blind faith that he had given to Elijah. Since he lived just a year after his hajj, Mecca became the neatly presented and cinema-friendly conclusion to his lifelong thread of transformations: but he finally found the Truth and then Allah took him home. But if he lived longer, I think he would have called out the Arabs.
Tanya Shaffer|Here's what I love about travel: strangers get a chance to amaze you. Sometimes a single day can bring a blooming surprise, a simple kindness that opens a chink in the brittle shell of your heart and makes you a different person when you go to sleep--more tender less jaded--than you were when you woke up.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|Ergo: girls should always make the first move, because (a) they are, on the whole, less likely to be rejected than guys, (b) that way, girls will never get kissed unless they want to be kissed.
Daniel Henderson, Old Paths, New Power: Awakening Your Church Through Prayer and the Ministry of the Word|When prayer goes viral, people are not excited about “it” (prayer) but are infectious about “Him
Anna Lee|Smile, it's free therapy.
Chuck Black, Sir Bentley and Holbrook Court|You can make it if you try. Don't give up or quit the fight. If you believe, you will see, you can do it.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|It may be that there are kernels of truth in a few of these doctrines, but their widespread acceptancebetokens a lack of intellectual rigor, an absence of skepticism, a need to replace experiments by desires.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Though your acts of love and compassion cannot penetrate bandages or armour, they are never wasted and never lost. They sit within the recipient’s mind, awaiting his awakening.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|(On the communist regime of Ceaușescu)"Romania," said Eugene, "was twenty million people living inside the imagination of a madman.
Henry Miller|Somewhere beyond the pain, you turn around and realize that life is beautiful.
E.M. Forster|The historian records, but the novelist creates.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe in strong women. I believe in the woman who is able to stand up for herself. I believe in the woman who doesn't need to hide behind her husband's back. I believe that if you have problems, as a woman you deal with them, you don't play victim, you don't make yourself look pitiful, you don't point fingers. You stand and you deal. You face the world with a head held high and you carry the universe in your heart.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Perfection is a paradigm meant to keep us striving and learning and growing. Like a wondrous sunset, perfection may be beyond our reach, but it is within our view and well worth seeking after.
Derrick Jensen, Endgame, Vol. 1: The Problem of Civilization|Whatever may be their use in civilized societies, mirrors are essential to all violent and heroic action.
Mario Puzo|Eve: "She completely eye-fucked you." Roarke: "I know. I feel so cheap and used." Eve: "Shit. You got off on it. Men always do." Roarke: "True enough, which is why we're so often cheap and used.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Stupid young girls who get caught alone in the forest fall prey to anything that crosses their paths, be the beast animal, human or shapeshifter.
Roshan Sharma|For one, dazzling, infinite moment, August felt like he was standing on a precipice, the end of one world and the beginning of another, a whisper and a bang.
Ryszard Kapuściński|They are not insincere when they say that they believe these things. They do believe them, as people believe what they have always heard lauded and never discussed. But in the sense of that living belief which regulates conduct, they believe these doctrines just up to the point to which it is usual to act upon them.
Barry Marshall|Where does my body end and an invader start? And cancer, a tumor, is something you grow out of your own tissue. How does that happen? Where does medical ability end and start?
Ellen Key|You can be in love and raise a family wonderfully by not being married, but actually, marriage does give us a strength, because it's quite hard to get out of, and so it makes us fight more to keep it together. If divorce becomes dead easy - which it sort of has - then we don't have that backup. Because, for everybody, relationships are hard.
Kahlil Gibran, Beloved Prophet: The Love Letters of Kahlil Gibran and Mary Haskell, and Her Private Journal|The professors in the academy say, “Do not make the model more beautiful than she is,” and my soul whispers, “O if you could only paint the model as beautiful as she really is.
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|Having reached 451 books as of now doesn't help the situation. If I were to be dying now, I would be murmuring, "Too bad! Only four hundred fifty-one." (Those would be my next-to-last words. The last ones will be: "I love you, Janet.") [They were. -Janet.]
Kyle Idleman, Gods at War: Defeating the Idols that Battle for Your Heart|God cannot and will not give us a sense of lasting pleasure apart from him, because it violates his purpose and our design. Psalm 34:8 reads, “Taste and see that the LORD is good.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|No individual and no nation need fear at any time to have less money than it needs. Government measures designed to regulate the international movement of money in order to ensure that the community shall have the amount it needs, are just as unnecessary and inappropriate as, say, intervention to ensure a sufficiency or corn or iron or the like. This argument dealt the Mercantilist Theory its death-blow.
George F. Will, One Man's America: The Pleasures and Provocations of Our Singular Nation|Cookbooks, it should be stressed, do not belong in the kitchen at all. We keep them there for the sake of appearances; occasionally, we smear their pages together with vibrant green glazes or crimson compotes, in order to delude ourselves, and any passing browsers, that we are practicing cooks; but in all honesty, a cookbook is something you read in the living room, or in the bathroom, or in bed.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the burden is too heavy on your heart. Cast the weight upon the Lord, for he cares that, you call out to his holy Name.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Welcome to America, where racism will never end, white don't respect black, where black skin people are treated like criminals.
Andrea Cremer, The Conjurer's Riddle|If you know, say it, and if you don't know, be honest and say you don't know.
Debasish Mridha|I am burning within with an immeasurable, indescribable endless joy of life.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|Death is the true inspiring genius, or the muse of philosophy, wherefore Socrates has defined the latter as θανάτου μελέτη. Indeed without death men would scarcely philosophise.
Eagles, The Very Best of the Eagles|... no one can ever save someone else, you know? We can only save ourselves. You know that, don't you?
David Horsey|People recognize certain things, like 'D' means 'this dialogue stinks.' We're dealing with shows that are written here, shot in New York and posted back here. Accurate communication is a necessity.
Sunday Adelaja|Do you notice the abused of your society? Take a decision, make plans, strategize, to begin to proclaim and establish justice in your world.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it.
Jonathan Maberry, Dead of Night|It's cloaked in cultural mumbo jumbo, but I assure you that it is very hard science.
Randa Abdel-Fattah, Does My Head Look Big In This?|Your perception is riveting, Amal," he says in a bored and sarcastic tone, dropping the note down on my desk. "It's comforting to know that there are people in my class who have the maturity and intelligence to make derogatory comments about other people's external appearances."Now what am I supposed to say to that?"What do you have to say for yourself?"Friggin' mind reader.
Zadie Smith|At a certain point you have to leave childish things behind, and one of the childish things is a sense that 'Wow, I can draw' or in my case 'Wow, I can read'... You feel you have what's called a talent, but as you become an adult, if you hope to make things, you have to give up the preoccupation with talent otherwise you'll spend your life painting beautiful pictures of fruit bowls that look like fruit bowls.
Adi Alsaid, Somewhere Over the Sun|Panic strikes me when I think about a sentence that isn’t given the chance to live because I don’t have a pen in my hand or am not sitting near enough to someone familiar to speak it to. Especially if it’s a particularly good sentence, a sentence with truth or beauty or humor or sadness to it. The best ones always take you by surprise. They sneak into your head while you’re walking down the aisles at a supermarket, or flat-out assault you when you’re at your grandmother’s funeral, and you have to scramble to give the thought life before it’s gone forever. Cocktail napkins, palms, text messages sent to yourself.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|We might give God our tithing, our material possessions, even our time and talents, but those are not really ours to begin with. They are gifts on loan. What is ours is the only genuine sacrifice we can lay on the altar—total submission.
Bashō Matsuo, The Narrow Road to the Deep North and Other Travel Sketches|When a country is defeated, there remain only mountains and rivers, and on a ruined castle in spring only grasses thrive. I sat down on my hat and wept bitterly till I almost forgot time.A thicket of summer grassIs all that remainsOf the dreams and ambitionsOf ancient warriors.
Loretta Chase, Your Scandalous Ways|Listen, I would say, this is not how I thought our lives would go; and may be we cannot find our way out of this alley. But there is no one I'd rather be lost with.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|BLACK AND WHITEI was born intoA religion of Light,But with so many otherReligions andPhilosophies,How do I know whichONEIs right?Is it notMy birthrightTo seek out the light?To find TruthAfter surveying all the proof,Am I supposedTo loveOr fight?And why do all those whoTry to guide me,Always start by dividingAnd multiplying me – From what they considerWrong or right?I thought,There were no wallsFor whoever beams truth and light.And how can one speak on Light's behalf,lf all they doIs act black,But talk WHITE?
Denis O'Hare|Fear can be good when you're walking past an alley at night or when you need to check the locks on your doors before you go to bed, but it's not good when you have a goal and you're fearful of obstacles. We often get trapped by our fears, but anyone who has had success has failed before.
Michael Frost, Exiles: Living Missionally in a Post-Christian Culture|If you really have an open mind, you would surely discover that every race has some good and bad people in it. Therefore, it would be very unwise to condemn an entire race just because you encountered some negative minded individuals from it.
Kate Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|He stares blankly, then leaves the room like a ghost—never truly here. I gaze at the doorway. I do not know if he means for me to follow him. It’s a choice then.And I realize that this is no choice at all, but rather a sentence. By love or by evil, somehow I am bound to Tutankhamen. It’s not a choice any more if I will follow him, but a question of what I will do when I catch him.
Ali ibn-e-Abu Talib|Do not force your children to behave like you, for surely they have been created for a time which is different to your time
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|I think we can all agree that feeling shame is an incredibly painful experience. What we often don't realize is that perpetrating shame is equally as painful, and no one does that with the precision of a partner or a parent. These are the people who know us the best and who bear witness to our vulnerabilities and fears. Thankfully, we can apologize for shaming someone we love, but the truth is that those shaming comments leave marks. And shaming someone we love around vulnerability is the most serious of all security breaches. Even if we apologize, we've done serious damage because we've demonstrated our willingness to use sacred information as a weapon.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Pandora's Box|Work hard, persevere and help without hesitation to become an Asset instead of Liability.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|We are not nouns, we are verbs. I am not a thing - an actor, a writer - I am a person who does things - I write, I act - and I never know what I'm going to do next. I think you can be imprisoned if you think of yourself as a noun.
Ricky Saikia|If I sound as if I'm always predicting ominous things, it's because I'm a pragmatist. I use deductive reasoning to generalize, and I suppose this sometimes ends up sounding like unlucky prophecies. You know why? Because reality's just the accumulation of ominous prophecies come to life. You have to only open a newspaper on any given day and weigh the good news versus the bad, and you'll see what I mean.
George Whitefield, The Works of the Reverend George Whitefield, M.A...: Containing All His Sermons and Tracts Which Have Been Already Published: With a Select Collection|So many people come to church with a genuine desire to hear what we have to say, yet they are always going back home with the uncomfortable feeling that we are making it too difficult for them to come to Jesus.
Alan Moore|Reciprocity helps us balance the need for self-determination and creative individuality with mutual hope and, therefore, what might be described as 'solidarity.'
Robert H. Bolton|[H]is mouth pursed, but pursed in American, more generous than English pursing, ready for broader vowels and less mincing sounds. His body was long and lean and trim; he had American hips, ready for a neat belt and the faraway ghost of a gunbelt.
Max Scheler|No bird in a cage has ever come to know what the mountain winds feel like, by staring at the free flying birds, wishing that they would fall from the sky!
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|In the end, all you want is someone to long for you when it comes time to put you in the ground.
Alice Walker, In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens: Womanist Prose|I've found, in my own writing, that a little hatred, keenly directed, is a useful thing.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsession|Oh, shimmer down, Hunter. You're too testy. How many times have I've told you that you need to chill out, take a vacay. Disney World is really fun this time of the year. you should check it out.
Ellen Meloy, Eating Stone: Imagination and the Loss of the Wild|Do an overwhelming number of respected scientists believe that human actions are changing the Earth's climate? Yes. OK, that being the case, let's undermine that by finding and funding those few contrarians who believe otherwise. Promote their message widely and it will accumulate in the mental environment, just as toxic mercury accumulates in a biological ecosystem. Once enough of the toxin has been dispersed, the balance of public understanding will shift. Fund a low level campaign to suggest any threat to the car is an attack on personal freedoms. Create a "grassroots" group to defend the right to drive. Portray anticar activists as prudes who long for the days of the horse and buggy. Then sit back, watch the infotoxins spread - and get ready to sell bigger, better cars for years to come.
Paul Halpern, Back from the Brink: Lessons from the Canadian Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Crisis|[T]he ABCP market was built on a fatal flaw: a significant mismatch between the duration of the underlying assets (long-term) and the duration of the paper itself (short-term). While this structure is not unusual -- banks use it all the time -- the crucial difference is that banks have a strong liquidity provider in the event of a problem: the Bank of Canada. The trusts, however, were left in limbo.
K.M. Randall|I find that writing is as magical as the genre I write in. When the story comes alive and takes over, it's truly a journey to another world.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Watching the infinite horizons gives you infinite dreams, infinite ideas, infinite paths! Choose a great target and then you will see that great instruments will appear for you to reach that target!
Ursula K. Le Guin|Perhaps you would have preferred it if I had not written you any letter. Perhaps you would have liked it better if I had let you meet your fate unprepared. After all, what awaits you is not all that bad and even contains moments of happiness, as you have seen. But if I wrote to you, it is because somehow I feel this is not the life you should live. Indeed, perhaps you should stay in the past, living happily with Jane and turning me into a successful writer who knows nothing about journeys through time, not real ones anyway. For me it is too late, of course, I cannot choose a different life, but you can. You can still choose between your life and the life I have just recounted to you, between going on being Bertie or becoming me. In the end, that is what time travel gives us, a second chance, the opportunity to go back and do things differently.
Hope Donahue, Beautiful Stranger: A Memoir of an Obsession with Perfection|Bravery doesn't always mean that you have to be fearless. No one in this world fears nothing, so if you are fearless, then you are no one.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|....love and desire enjoy a symbiotic relationship, meaning that one cannot exist without the other. Desire is an enemy to contentment; desire is illness, a feverish brain. Who can be considered healthy who wants? The very word want suggests a lack, an impoverishment, and that is what desire is: an impoverishment of the brain, a flaw, a mistake.
Geert Hofstede, Cultures and Organizations: Software of the Mind - Intercultural Cooperation and Its Importance for Survival|...in the unique case of a country’s geographic position, it is difficult to consider this factor as anything other than a cause, unless we assume that in prehistoric times peoples migrated to climates that fit their concepts of power distance, which is rather far-fetched.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal, Unanswered|Testimony in new age writing affirms the way in which embracing a love ethic transforms life for the good. Yet a lot of this information only reaches those of us who have class privilege. And often, individuals whose lives are rich in spiritual and material well-being, who have diverse friends from all walks of life who nurture their personal integrity, tell the rest of the world these things are impossible to come by. I am talking here about the many prophets of doom who tell us that racism will never end, sexism is here to stay the rich will never share their resources. We would all be surprised if we could enter their lives for a day. Much of what they are telling us cannot be had, they have. But in keeping with a capitalist-based notion of well-being, they really believe there is not enough to go around, that the good life can only be had by a few.
Douglas Adams|Oh I'd be more than happy to hold, I'll just spend the time working on that brain tumor.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I thus found that the student who wishes for a shelter can obtain one for a lifetime at an expense not greater than the rent which he now pays annually. If I seem to boast more than is becoming, my excuse is that I brag for humanity rather than for myself; and my shortcomings and inconsistencies do not affect the truth of my statement.
ONE, ワンパンマン 2 [Wanpanman 2]|I will fight for my people, but will they do the same for me?
Allyson Jeleyne, A Love That Never Tires|I am obsessed with making every moment of my life full of value and substance. I’m constantly fighting for miracle and adventure, and everyone around me tells me to just enjoy life and stop fighting. Then I realized—I AM the adventure, and I AM the miracle. I’m fighting for myself, and I will NEVER give up fighting for who I am. If the greatest adventure is life, and the purest miracle is this very moment, then what the hell am I even waiting for?
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|To overcome the sadness of our hearts, we must remember the joys of our lives.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|In a timepiece, a sweep of a second hand is so slim in a way that it doesn't wait for no man, and that's why we choose to conceive things from the heart.
Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin, Cecilia Payne-Gaposchkin: An Autobiography and Other Recollections|I was to blame for not having pressed my point. I had given in to Authority when I believed I was right. That is another example of How Not To Do Research. I note it here as a warning to the young. If you are sure of your facts, you should defend your position.
Maria Nieves|No one as consistently, spectacularly, and admittedly greedy as Donald Trump could possibly give two poops about us. Absolutely impossible. I will go so far as to say that, if elected, Donald Trump would be the least likely President in the history of our nation to do anything for any of us that wouldn't also benefit him.
Arthur Rimbaud|In those days, we imagined ourselves as being kept in some kind of holding pen, waiting to be released into our lives. And when the moment came, our lives -- and time itself -- would speed up. How were we to know that our lives had in any case begun, that some advantage had already been gained, some damage already inflicted? Also, that our release would only be into a larger holding pen, whose boundaries would be at first undiscernible.
Jose Rizal|What I'm attempting to do is to show people that if I can spend some time with very dangerous spiders and snakes and scorpions, then maybe they'll feel different about the spiders and snakes they find around their areas. I don't need people to keep them as pets. I just like them to be respectful and see that everything in nature has its place.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If we don't protect what we have, it will be destroyed.
Adrian McKinty|I have a love/hate relationship with Amy Grant, but I do go back to her Christmas albums once in a while. They're dated and sentimental and the production is nearly unlistenable, but there's something about her vocal performance that just feels really true. I would take her Christmas albums over Mariah Carey's or Destiny's Child's any day.
Robert Fortune|One marked feature of the people, both high and low, is a love for flowers.
Lisa Jervis, BITCHfest: Ten Years of Cultural Criticism from the Pages of Bitch Magazine|There's mainstream pornography--soft-core airbrushed fluff such as Penthouse and Playboy. The folks makin' this stuff do men and their range of desires a disservice; their implication is that anything outside the "big hair, fake tits, tiny waste, no pores, limited body hair" aesthetic is deviant, weird, not normal--and not something that a red-blooded American man would be interested in. The common boys-will-be-boys explanation for porn--that men get turned on visually (in contrast to "feminine" mode of arousal, which is mental and emotional)--is nothing more than an insult, making men out to be Pavlovian dogs who salivate uncontrollably and strain at their trousers upon contact with nudie pictures.Antiporn arguments, however well-meaning, are no better. Folks like Catherine MacKinnon also believe that men are inherently drawn to porn. And to them, porn is by definition violent, suggesting that it's somehow in men's nature to be aroused by hurting others. Furthermore, antipornography activists think that porn leads men to commit violence--as if men have no self-control or capacity to separate fantasy from reality, as if an erection is a driving force that can't be stopped once it's started... The only difference is one of perspective: Antiporn folk believe that male sexuality is always threatening, while men's-magazine editors think it's always fabulous.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|And now I realize Lindsay's not fearless. She's terrified. She's terrified that people will find out she's faking, bullshitting her way through life, pretending to have everything together when really she's just floundering like the rest of us. Lindsay, who will bite at you if you even look in her direction the wrong way, like on of those tiny attack dogs that are always barking and snapping in the air before they're jerked backward on the chains that keep them in one place.
Jessamyn West|I saw myself.... In the time I watched, I saw strength—and frailty. Pride and vanity, courage and fear. Of wisdom, a little. Of folly, much. Of intentions, many good ones; but many more left undone. In this, alas, I saw myself a man like any other. But this, too, I saw.... Alike as men may seem, each is different as flakes of snow, no two the same. You told me you had no need to seek the Mirror, knowing you were Annlaw Clay-Shaper. Now I know who I am: myself and none other. I am Taran.
Howard Pyle, The Story of the Champions of the Round Table|However, if Sir Launcelot of the Lake failed now and then in his behavior, who is there in the world shall say, 'I never fell into error'? And if he more than once offended, who is there shall have hardihood to say, 'I never committed offence'?
Masuji Ibuse, Black Rain|..there was a moment when the living room vanished and I saw a great, mushroom-shaped cloud rising into a blue sky. I saw it quite distinctly.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|Life is messy. Grit and grace come at us fast, side by side. Sometimes the grit becomes overwhelming and diminishes our spirit. What’s good seems lost and gone forever. This is a story about the pathway back to what’s beautiful, when the way back seems impossible.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Book of Positive Quotations|Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|A gift is pure when it is given from the heart to the right person at the right time and at the right place, and when we expect nothing in return
J.A. Huss|If a book were written all in numbers, it would be true. It would be just. Nothing said in words ever came out quite even.
John Lennon|Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
Charles Duke|Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!
Akshay Vasu|And she had the magic I had never come across all my life. A minute with her messed up my mind and heart in a way that all the theories of right and wrong didn't matter anymore. All of a sudden opening my arms to the storm seemed a better choice, than dancing under the rainbows.
Socrates, Apology|For the normative self-understanding of modernity, Christianity has functioned as more than just a precursor or catalyst. Universalistic egalitarianism, from which sprang the ideals of freedom and a collective life in solidarity, the autonomous conduct of life and emancipation, the individual morality of conscience, human rights and democracy, is the direct legacy of the Judaic ethic of justice and the Christian ethic of love. This legacy, substantially unchanged, has been the object of a continual critical reappropriation and reinterpretation. Up to this very day there is no alternative to it. And in light of the current challenges of a post-national constellation, we must draw sustenance now, as in the past, from this substance. Everything else is idle postmodern talk.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Happiness at work is not associated with people it is a result of our own actions, happiness from achievements becomes a proud moment because we can see an improvement in own abilities, but we don't live with that and start expecting praise and recognition from others, and if it doesn't happen we make it an unhappy moment. But once we start celebrating achievements, the achievement process itself becomes a happy moment.
Idries Shah|The Sufis,' runs the saying, 'understand with their hearts what the most learned scholars cannot understand with their minds
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|Gold conjures up a mist about a man, more destructive of all his old senses and lulling to his feelings than the fumes of charcoal.
Harry Bernstein, The Invisible Wall: A Love Story That Broke Barriers|Woman must have her freedom, the fundamental freedom of choosing whether or not she will be a mother and how many children she will have. Regardless of what man’s attitude may be, that problem is hers — and before it can be his, it is hers alone. She goes through the vale of death alone, each time a babe is born. As it is the right neither of man nor the state to coerce her into this ordeal, so it is her right to decide whether she will endure it.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|This is the grand fiction of tourism, that bringing our bodies somewhere draws that place closer to us, or we to it. It's a quick fix of empathy.
Tony Samara|The natural consequence of being connected to the depth, what I call the soul, or your essence, is the attribute of joy.
Jason Statham|As American as an apple is and as American as baseball is, they don't go together. You can't be chewing an apple at a baseball game. You've got to let go of the diet that day.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|you are a volume in the divine booka mirror to the power that created the universewhatever you want, ask it of yourselfwhatever you're looking for can only be foundinside of you
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How could we have discovered great lands, if we dare not travel?
Pansy Schneider-Horst|When you press the shutter, time won't see which camera, it will still get freezed in a moment... and thats the best Farewell for that moment.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you really want to grow great, you need to avoid costly pleasures and preserve your future treasures.
Sunday Adelaja|Many people do not understand why they cannot do well in their lives, even with a lot of training, using short- term and long term plans and most importantly having a huge potential
Deborah Ann, Destiny|Its done.' Penteluck announced and scooped some onto a spoon for Zayne to drink.'No chance, you first. You're already dead it won't kill you if you drink it.'Penteluck frowned. 'Zayne I'm already dead, how will you know if it will kill you in the first place?'She shrugged, 'it helps i guess.
John Lydon|I don't know, I just want to be happy. I could be in a hole somewhere. Or I could completely lose it and be some hippy living in the woods with my dad.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|the story is not a pretty one. there is violence in it. And cruelty. But stories that are not pretty have a certain value, too, I suppose. Everything, as you well know (having lived in this world long enough to have figured out a thing or two for yourself), cannont always be sweetness and light.
Rachel L. Demeter, Finding Gabriel|He cleared his throat. "I wish I could take back what I said." He looked away. "I behaved like a thoin aiseal.""What does that mean?""A donkey's arse."She glanced down at the furs, found herself fighting a smile. "And how do you pronounce that? I somehow suspect I may have need of that phrase again.
Robert Wright|Our politics, religion, news, athletics, education and commerce have been transformed into congenial adjuncts of show business, largely without protest or even much popular notice. The result is that we are a people on the verge of amusing ourselves to death.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|He saw something more in those eyes. The emotion wasn't nakedly apparent, but Mr. Cawley was a professional at reading the subtleties of people. The elderly and wildly successful credit card magnate believed that certain human frailties could actually help fuel success. Insecurity drove billionaire entrepreneurs. Emotional instability made for superb art. The need for attention built great political leaders. But anger, in his experience, led only to inertia.
Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love|When people have trouble with their emotions – a bout of anxiety or depression, say, or seasonal gloominess - they often want science to pinpoint an offending neurotransmitter in the way that a witness picks the perp out of a lineup. Is it excessive norepinephrine, too little dopamine, errant estrogen? The answer is apt to dissatisfy: no single suspect can be fingered with confidence because the question itself attributes a fallacious simplicity to the brain.(91)
Kemi Sogunle|I never lose sight of the whole. An impeccable dress is made to be lived in, to be torn, wet, stained, crumpled.
Leonora Carrington, Down Below|I am afraid I am going to drift into fiction, truthful but incomplete, for lack of some details which I cannot conjure up today and which might have enlightened us. This morning, the idea of the egg came again to my mind and I thought that I could use it as a crystal to look at Madrid in those days of July and August 1940—for why should it not enclose my own experiences as well as the past and future history of the Universe? The egg is the macrocosm and the microcosm, the dividing line between the Big and the Small which makes it impossible to see the whole. To possess a telescope without its other essential half—the microscope—seems to me a symbol of the darkest incomprehension. The task of the right eye is to peer into the telescope, while the left eye peers into the microscope.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|I don't think we get answers to every question. We don't get all the whys. But I think when we look back to the end of our lives, if we do the best we can, and we will see that the things we begged God to take from us, the things we cursed him for, the things that made us turn our backs on him, are the things that were the biggest blessings, the biggest opportunities for growth.
Grace Draven, Radiance|A wash of relief poured through her, along with a kindling of hope. Her bridegroom wasn't Gauri; he wasn't even human. He was, however, congenial and gracious. She had proclaimed his appearance ghastly and his honesty handsome. Ildiko still stood by both opinions. She could have done infinitely worse. More than a few Gauri women had the misfortune to marry human men with handsome faces and ghastly souls.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|It is fathomless, since it is God. One flings into that well the labor of one's whole life, one flings in one's fortune, one flings in one's riches, one flings in one's success, one flings in one's liberty or fatherland, one flings in one's well-being, one flings in one's repose, one flings in one's joy! More! more! more! Empty the vase! tip the urn! One must finish by flinging in one's heart.
Debasish Mridha|In the center of my being, I am floating with the waves of time in the ocean of light.
Anna Akhmatova, White Flock|No one else was as close and as open, No one else so boiled my blood, Even he, who consigned me to torment, Even he, who caressed and forgot.
Lynsay Sands, Love Bites|Little girls who hang around with vampires need to get used to dead things...In fact, little girls who hang around with vampires already are with dead things.
Matt Taibbi, Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America|An indescribable oppression, which seemed to generate in some unfamiliar part of her consciousness, filled her whole being with a vague anguish. It was like a shadow, like a mist passing across her soul's summer day. It was strange and unfamiliar; it was a mood. She did not sit there inwardly upbraiding her husband, lamenting at Fate, which had directed her footsteps to the path which they had taken. She was just having a good cry all to herself.
Iris Johansen, Dead Aim|Come to close?No one wants to come to close.If it's done for them,they accept it,even while they condemn it.Why not?But no one wants to know what it's like.Turn a blind eye.Maybe it will go away.
Vsevolod Garshin|They caught up their horses and turned back. Nothing moved in that high wilderness save the wind. They did not speak. They were men of another time for all that they bore christian names and they had lived all their lives in a wilderness as had their fathers before them. They'd learnt war by warring, the generations driven from the eastern shore across a continent, from the ashes at Gnadenhutten onto the prairies and across the outlet to the bloodlands of the west. If much in the world were mystery the limits of that world were not, for it was without measure or bound and there were contained within it creatures more horrible yet and men of other colors and beings which no man has looked upon and yet not alien none of it more than were their own hearts alien in them, whatever wilderness contained there and whatever beasts.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|I would rather have 1 amazing best friend than 100 decent regular friends. It's not about quantity, it's about quality.
Mao Zedong|Politics is war without blood, while war is politics with blood.
Henry David Thoreau, Letters to a Spiritual Seeker|As the sun went down, I saw a solitary boatman disporting on the smooth lake. The falling dews seemed to strain and purify the air, and I was soothed with an infinite stillness. I got the world, as it were, by the nape of the neck, and held it under in the tide of its own events, till it was drowned, and then I let it go down stream like a dead dog. Vast hollow chambers of silence stretched away on every side, and my being expanded in proportion, and filled them. Then first could I appreciate sound, and find it musical.
Janell Rhiannon, Song of Princes|She didn't know how she would survive when every breath stung, every tear burned, and every step took her further from the only man she'd ever loved.
Madeline  Martin|I asked you to marry me – and you laughed. You thought I was joking. In fairness, I was still dressed as a Cavalier.
Chesley Sullenberger|I'm learning to hunt with rifles, because if you think about it, hunting gets you the healthiest meat - organic, free-range food. It's a totally yuppie spin on what I thought was kind of a redneck occupation.
R. W. Patterson|Death had marked his family with unbreakable black halos, until only two remained.
Amy Lane, The Locker Room|she was aware of his love - how could she not? She perceived it every time he looked at her. He was not demonstrative, but his ardour was all the more evident for the reins with which he restrained it, the mask of steel behind which he imprisoned it, his detached demeanour and deliberate gestures that, far from parading a lack of interest, displayed the strength of his self-discipline, that he could so tightly curb the intensity of his passion.
Neil Gaiman, The Tragical Comedy or Comical Tragedy of Mr. Punch|The path of memory is neither straight or safe, and we travel down it at our risk.
Tom Althouse|The 1970s, fewer than 25% of US residents lived in counties in which the presidential candidate won by landslide. 30 years later, that percentage has nearly doubled.
Vin Diesel|When the shriveled skin of the ordinary is stuffed out with meaning, it satisfies the senses amazingly.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Oracle of Poetic Wisdom|The truth is revealed to those who desire to know, but also to those who will take the time to take action to counter or further the truths they have come to know..
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Just as a hug is the only way to express yourself when words are inadequate,mudras, or gestures, convey profound spiritual experiences that cannot adequately be expressed verbally. The most powerful,universal and healing mudra is a smile. When we overflow with joy, we cannot help but smile spontaneously. And when we are mired in doubt, fear, anxiety, and depression, a smile creates a map in the mind that leads us home to that joy that is hidden in even the darkest moments of our life. It is one thing to know that joy is possible in any moment—in any situation. It is anotherskill entirely to know when to find that joy when your world is crumbling around you. The map is with you always—just smile!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Some lean back. But those who lean forward are poised to cross the finish-line, first!
Franz Boas|I want people to know that I'm not just 'Chillin' It.' I'm a real person. There's heartbreak and trials, and I hope I put that in my music.
César Aira, The Seamstress and the Wind|Forgetting is like a great alchemy free of secrets, limpid, transforming everything to the present. In the end it makes our lives into this visible and tangible thing we hold in our hands, with no folds left hidden in the past.
Alfred Rosenberg, The Myth of the Twentieth Century|If you invest all your energy in economics, world commerce, parliamentarianism, military engagements, power and power politics, -if you take the quantum of intelligence, seriousness, will, and self-overcoming that you embody and expend it all in this one direction, there there won't be any left for the other direction. Culture and the state - let us be honest with ourselves - these are adversaries.
Alfred Lord Tennyson|When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art.
Tracie Miles, Your Life Still Counts: How God Uses Your Past to Create a Beautiful Future|Sometimes, we just have to have enough faith to practice patience and not let our impatience morph into doubt.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|He nodded and leaned down to kiss me. I let him, Dad be damned.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In many instances, the failures of my greatest schemes ultimately lead to the fulfillment of my greatest successes. Therefore, God will allow our most cherished dreams to perish so that we might turn and seek out His most cherished plans.
Susan Fox, His, Unexpectedly|I munched a carrot, then broke off a piece of bread and teamed it with another bite of salmon. Every single bit could be a different taste sensation. It was like men. Each was unique. Most had some great qualities, the majority had a few disappointing ones, and a few were total losers.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I reflected how easy it is for a man to reduce women of a certain age to imbecility. All he has to do is give an impersonation of desire, or better still, of secret knowledge, for a woman to feel herself a source of power.
Scott Hahn|At this point it may be objected: well, then, if even the crabbed sceptics admit that the statements of religion cannot be confuted by reason, why should not I believe in them, since they have so much on their side:­ tradition, the concurrence of mankind, and all the consolation they yield? Yes, why not? Just as no one can be forced into belief, so no one can be forced into unbelief. But do not deceive yourself into thinking that with such arguments you are following the path of correct reasoning. If ever there was a case of facile argument, this is one. Ignorance is ignorance; no right to believe anything is derived from it.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|But in Hebrew scripture David is not just the “sweet singer of Israel,” the chiseled poet who plays a harp and composes the Psalms. After he makes his name by killing Goliath, David recruits a gang of guerrillas, extorts wealth from his fellow citizens at swordpoint, and fights as a mercenary for the Philistines. These achievements make Saul jealous: the women in his court are singing, “Saul has killed by the thousands, but David by the tens of thousands.” So Saul plots to have him assassinated.19 David narrowly escapes before staging a successful coup. When David becomes king, he keeps up his hard-earned reputation for killing by the tens of thousands. After his general Joab “wasted the country of the children of Ammon,” David “brought out the people that were in it, and cut them with saws, and with harrows of iron, and with axes.” 20 Finally he manages to do something that God considers immoral: he orders a census. To punish David for this lapse, God kills seventy thousand of his citizens.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I've always been told my presence brightened up any room. One might think that went doubly for dank underground cell." (Jace)
Tim McGraw|Since I was a boy, from this house, I was out rescuing crocodiles and snakes. My mum and dad were very passionate about that and, I was lucky enough to go along.
Jeremy Irons|Everyone deals with loss. I'm no different, but we all find our ways of coming through things. Is it tough? Of course, but you find the strength to push on through.
Jacob Hoye, 100 Greatest Albums|You can love a song, but you can form a bond with an album, a relationship that evolves as organically and beautifully as a marriage.
Lisa Bellini|We humans have always sought to increase our personal energy in the only manner we have known, by seeking to psychologically steal it from the others--an unconscious competition that underlies all human conflict in the world.
Neil Gaiman|~I hope that in this year to come, YOU make mistakes. Because if YOU are making mistakes, then YOU are making NEW things, trying NEW things, learning, living, pushing YOURself, changing YOURself, changing YOUR world. YOU're doing things YOU've never done before, n MORE importantly, YOU're doing something~
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|I was a veritable Johnny Appleseed of grand expectations, and all I reaped for my trouble was a harvest of bitter fruit.
Carrie Jones, Endure|Know all the Questions, but not the AnswersLook for the Different, instead of the SameNever Walk where there's room for RunningDon't do anything that can't be a Game
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Do I favor the death penalty? Theoretically, I do, but when you realize that there's a 4 percent error rate, you end up putting guilty people to death.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|I would advocate that chocolate be covered by health insurance, but that is admittedly a very French public policy perspective.
Gurcharan Das|Dharma is precisely this 'discipline of ordered existence', a 'belief system that restrains and gives coherence to desires.
Edwidge Danticat, Krik? Krak!|People are just too hopeful, and sometimes hope is the biggest weapon of all to use against us. People will believe anything.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|Romy had never done a budget, Marisol had never designed costumes and sets, and Suzanne had never acted, but when I asked them to help, they didn't hesitate
Gary Shteyngart|The novel was set in an unspecified near future, because setting a novel in the present in a time of unprecedented technological and social dislocation seemed to me shortsighted.... To write a book set in the present, circa 2013, is to write about the distant past.
Bill Gates|If you're low-income in the United States, you have a higher chance of going to jail than you do of getting a four-year degree. And that doesn't seem entirely fair.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|From this distant vantage point, the Earth might not seem of particular interest. But for us, it's different. Consider again that dot. That's here, that's home, that's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there – on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds. Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light. Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves. The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand. It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
Ramana Maharshi|Aim high, aim at the highest, and all lower aims are thereby achieved. It is looking below on the stormy sea of differences that makes you sink. Look up, beyond these and see the One Glorious Real, and you are saved.
Dianne Feinstein|People react differently to hearing 'Procedure X has a 70 percent chance of survival' and 'Procedure Y has a 30 percent chance of death.' Phrased that way, people flock to Procedure X, even though the numbers are the same.
Nick Clegg|It is more interesting to be compared to someone famous, because it lets you gauge what perceptions people have about your appearance.
Peter Frost|If you’re looking for family entertainment, don’t study history or prehistory.
Brandon Villasenor, I Can't Stop Drinking About You|As a historical novelist, there are few jobs more retrospective.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Around this world will I be enough?From the liquor stores, to the train stop floors, your filthy room, your drama bluesI am nothing if I'm not with you.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|The Play's the Thing, wherein I'll catch the conscience of the King.
Brian  Doyle, Credo: Essays on Grace, Altar Boys, Bees, Kneeling, Saints, the Mass, Priests, Strong Women, Epiphanies, a Wake, and the Haun|Simple, powerful, poignant, the Sign of the Cross is a mnemonic device like the Mass, in which we sit down to table with one another and remember the Last Supper, or a baptism, where we remember John the Baptist's brawny arm pouring some of the Jordan River over Christ. So we remember the central miracle and paradox of the faith that binds us each to each: that we believe, against all evidence and sense, in life and love and light, in the victory of those things over death and evil and darkness.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Christ Recrucified|Know that once we have received Jesus, we can’t continue to live our old sinful lifestyle. Now that we have His Holy Spirit living in us, guiding us, and transforming us, we have no excuse.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Why is it that if you say you don’t enjoy using an e-reader, or that you aren’t going to get one till the technology is mature, you get reported as “loathing�
Leon Trotsky, Terrorism and Communism: A Reply to Karl Kautsky|No society has succeeded in abolishing the distinction between ruler and ruled... to be a ruler gives one special status and, usually, special privileges. During the Communist era, important officials in the Soviet Union had access to special shops selling delicacies unavailable to ordinary citizens; before China allowed capitalist enterprises in its economy, travelling by car was a luxury limited to tourists and those high in the party hierarchy Throughout the 'communist' nations, the abolition of the old ruling class was followed by the rise of a new class of party bosses and well-placed bureaucrats, whose behaviour and life-style came more and more to resemble that of their much-denounced predecessors. In the end, nobody believed in the system any more. That, couple with its inability to match the productivity of the less bureaucratically controlled, more egoistically driven capitalist economies, led to its downfall.
Primo Levi, If This Is a Man / The Truce|They are the typical product of the structure of the German Lager: if one offers a position of privilege to a few individuals in a state of slavery, exacting in exchange the betrayal of a natural solidarity with theircomrades, there will certainly be someone who will accept. He will be withdrawn from the common law and will become untouchable; the more power that he is given, the more he will be consequently hateful andhated. When he is given the command of a group of unfortunates, with the right of life or death over them, he will be cruel and tyrannical, because he will understand that if he is not sufficiently so, someone else, judged more suitable, will take over his post.Moreover, his capacity for hatred, unfulfilled in the direction of the oppressors, will double back, beyond all reason, on the oppressed; and he will only be satisfied when he has unloaded onto his underlings the injury received from above.
Anna Akhmatova, Anna Akhmatova|Mari stared at him. "Are you telling me that you came to rescue me, following a metaphorical thread through imaginary holes, but now that you're in the same cell with me you can't get us out?""Yes, that is correct. This one erred.""That one sure did. Now instead of one of us being stuck in here, we're both stuck in here."The Mage gave her a look which actually betrayed a trace of irritation. He must have really been exhausted for such a feeling to show. "I do not have much experience with rescues. Are you always so difficult?
Luigi Pirandello|I'll tell you this: You have to remember to chase and catch your dreams, because if you don't, your imagination will live in empty spaces, and that's nowhere land.
Janice Y.K. Lee, The Expatriates|Maybe it shouldn’t have come as such a surprise, but like a tooth extraction, there was a moment of intense pain and then a numbing sense of loss. I was officially unmarried.
Cameron How to be a Girl|We must, indeed, all hang together, or assuredly we shall all hang separately.
Jack Kerouac, Lonesome Traveler|Thinking of the stars night after night I begin to realize 'The stars are words' and all the innumerable worlds in the Milky Way are words, and so is this world too. And I realize that no matter where I am, whether in a little room full of thought, or in this endless universe of stars and mountains, it’s all in my mind.
Catherine Greenman, Hooked|They won't be a right be a right time, Thea, it doesn't exist. Just get it over with
Seamus Heaney|Since when," he asked,"Are the first line and last line of any poemWhere the poem begins and ends?
Christian Louboutin|However, even during the preparations for action, we laid our plans in such a manner that should there be progress through diplomatic negotiation, we would be well prepared to cancel operations at the latest moment that communication technology would have permitted.
Aditi Dufare, The Mysterious Night|Never lose hope, for all the interweaved strings will soon straighten out.
Andrew Westoll|•	People deserve a break. The stressed and unorganized person who doesn’t have the same priorities as you may be dealing with an autistic child, abusive spouse, fading parents, or cancer. Don’t judge people until you’ve walked a mile in their shoes. Give them a break instead.
Swapna Rajput, In Search of a Soulmate|No matter what luxuries you have or don't have, life is always beautiful when you are around your loved ones!
Steve Erickson|When he placed a candle on the shelf across the room from him and lit its wick, he came to realize that in fact everything he saw was a flat surface, like a screen – that in fact dimension was an illusion. Everything was a flat surface and the pinpoints of light, whether from a candle on the shelf or a gaslamp above the street, were punctures in that surface – gashes made by somebody behind the screen. He realized then that beyond everything he saw there was an entire realm of blazing sunfire, and that colors were only the silhouettes of people in that realm – walking, eating, dancing, doing whatever they were doing behind the screen. “It astonished Adolphe that everyone failed to realize they were just figures on a tapestry, the shadows of something else. He was therefore amused by the conceit of women, for instance, who who admired the creamy color of their skin when in fact it was only the haze of some other woman behind the vast screen staring into a mirror. Adolphe could explain all of this to himself but he could not explain Janine: Janine wasn't the same as the others. Janine was like their mother; and Adolphe decided Lulu was from this place beyond the surface, and she had, perhaps when she was a little girl, slipped through. “Adolphe wondered why Lulu hadn't told them about this, and then realized she probably would when she thought they were old enough to understand it. He could see it wasn't something one would want to tell a child too soon.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts|Father and Ivy used to go off on their excursions, never knowing that I was relieved when they were gone. That I'd wear my nightgowns all day and read from dawn till dusk.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|We return to face our superiors, our kindred, our friends--- those whom we obey, and those whom we love; but even they who have neither, the most free, lonely, irresponsible and bereft of ties, --- even those for whom home holds no dear face, no familiar voice, --- even they have to meet the spirit that dwells within the land, under its sky, in its air, in its valleys, and on its rises, in its fields, in its waters and its tress--- a mute friend, judge, and inspirer. Say what you like, to get its joy, to breathe its peace, to face its truth, one must return with a clear conscience. All this may seem to you sheer sentimentalism; and indeed very few of us have the will or capacity to look consciously under the surface of familiar emotions.There are the girls we love, the men we look up to, the tenderness, the friendships, the opportunities, the pleasures! But the fact remains that you must touch your reward with clean hands, lest it turn to dead leaves, to thorns, in your grasp.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, All In|Mrs. Bird smiled at me as I arrived at her side. "They can surprise us, can't they, our parents? The things they got up to before we were born.""Yes," I said. "Almost like they were real people once.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|Until we find an antidote to our ignorance, our purpose shall always be hindered by ignorance
Stuart Chase|People above the line of bare subsistence in this age, and in all earlier ages, do not use the surplus which society has given them primarily for useful purposes. They do not seek to expand their lives, to live more wisely, intelligently, understandingly, but to impress other people with the fact that they have a surplus.
James Anthony Froude|Half of the modern drugs could well be thrown out of the window, except that the birds might eat them.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Do you really want to know the simplest secret to a happy life and a positive attitude? It’s believing that God is on your side; that He’s actively working on your behalf, that he loves you and is capable of completely forgiving you.
Imtiaz Ali|People who don't travel cannot have a global view, all they see is what's in front of them. Those people cannot accept new things because all they know is where they live.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|If life was perfect,how in the hell would v evr learn to depend on someone other dn ourselves?If anything,dt’s wat life’s taught me.D need to b perfect is stemmed in d very belief dt it’s actually something v cn achieve.Self-actualization —doesn’t exist.”“Does dt mean v don’t try then?” “No.” “It just means wen u reach end of ur rope,u shdn’t regret a damn thing,bt applaud urself for trying impossible
Shannon L. Alder|So spake the enemy of mankind, enclosedIn serpent, inmate bad! and toward EveAddressed his way: not with indented wave,Prone on the ground, as since; but on his rear,Circular base of rising folds, that toweredFold above fold, a surging maze! his headCrested aloft, and carbuncle his eyes;With burnished neck of verdant gold, erectAmidst his circling spires, that on the grassFloated redundant: pleasing was his shapeAnd lovely; never since of serpent-kindLovelier…
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, courage to change the things I can, and wisdom always to tell the difference.'Among the things Billy Pilgrim could not change were the past, the present, and the future.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|It's funny, but certain faces seem to go in and out of style. You look at old photographs and everybody has a certain look to them, almost as if they're related. Look at pictures from ten years later and you can see that there's a new kind of face starting to predominate, and that the old faces are fading away and vanishing, never to be seen again.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|I hate the vamp jobs. They think they're so suave. It's not enough for them to slaughter and eat you like a zombie would. No, they want to be all sexy, too. And trust me: vampires? Not. Sexy.
William Faulkner|At the end of the day, it isn’t where I came from. Maybe home is somewhere I’m going and never have been before.
Hayley Williams|This is the key to the entire universe. You know what this is? It's not a microphone, this right here is your voice. This physical thing just amplifies it. Don't be afraid of your voice. You have a voice without a microphone. Use it and don't let anybody snuff you out and tell you don't have one.
Salman Aditya, High in School|Enjoy every ounce of your life, get high and be sincere to anybody that comes around you.
Sheena Iyengar|Growing up in the days when you still had to punch buttons to make a telephone call, I could recall the numbers of all my close friends and family. Today, I'm not sure if I know more than four phone numbers by heart. And that's probably more than most.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|I think everything’s beautiful that is done through human’s heart and soul, that makes one’s inner world visible, that gives a chance to look at oneself from outside – everything is beautiful, even us.
Ahmed Ayub|What was this yearning, tearing at her insides like hunger and thirst? It couldn't be love. Love was warm and soft, like a bed of leaves. But this was dark, like the shade under a poisonous shrub, and it was hungry. So hungry. It must have some other name, just as there couldn't be the same word for life and death, or for moon and sun
Glenway Wescott, The Grandmothers: A Family Portrait|God, you mean I lost my virginity to the apocalypse?"Morgan sighed again. "The whole thing was really embarrassing; my parents sent me to Brooklyn when they found out." She shrugged. "I thought I’d be safe in a gay bar, okay? What were you doing in there anyway?"Lace looked at me sidelong. "You were where?"I took a sip of beer, swallowed it. "I, uh, hadn’t been in the city...very long. I didn’t know.
Gary   Hopkins|But it must be said that maturity is not merely something you do with your mind. No, maturity is about how you live your life. It is possible to be theologically astute in yet very immature. It is possible be biblically literate and in need of significant spiritual growth.
Darrell Issa|My parents had a software company making children's software for the Apple II+, Commodore 64 and Acorn computers. They hired these teenagers to program the software, and these guys were true hackers, trying to get more colors and sound and animation out of those computers.
Sunday Adelaja|God wants to take care of us, raise us up and direct us in life
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|He sat thus, lost in meditation, thinking Om, his soul as the arrow directed at Brahman.
Malala Yousafzai|Disappointments will come, rejection will come, and failures will come in the midst of the fulfilment of your dream. Don't give up, don't give in, try to push little harder; I know it won't be easy to give that push but keep pushing my friend be persistent and you'll see great results.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Men are not corrupted by the exercise of power, or debased by the habit of obedience; but by the exercise of a power which they believe to be illegitimate, and by obedience to a rule which they consider to be usurped and oppressive.
Edward Snowden|My 'fear' is my substance, and probably the best part of me.
Ernest Hemingway|With physical prep work, you know if you go to the gym, you will get size. There's no chance it won't happen. The emotional prep work is a variable. You could step onto the set one day and have a disconnect with your thoughts and feelings and have a rough day acting because you can't quite tap into what you need.
Ken Liu|Since Graham Bell came up with telephony, it took 100 years for the way the technology has impacted our lives, the way we perceive the world.
Meister Eckhart|Be nice to your children. After all, they are going to choose your nursing home.
Grigoris Deoudis|The teacher is of course an artist, but being an artist does not mean that he or she can make the profile, can shape the students. What the educator does in teaching is to make it possible for the students to become themselves.
Sonya Sones, One of Those Hideous Books Where the Mother Dies|I know this sounds incredibly lame,but I don't want losing my virginityto feel like I'm losing something. I want it to feel like I'm finding something. I want sex to be amazing.I want it to be life-alteringly wonderful.And I want it to happen with someone I love.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|I know about sureness,' said Didactylos. 'I remember, before I was blind, I went to Omnia once. And in your Citadel I saw a crowd stoning a man to death in a pit. Ever seen that?''It has to be done,' Brutha mumbled. 'So the soul can be shriven and-''Don't know about the soul. Never been that kind of philosopher,' said Didactylos. 'All I know is, it was a horrible sight.''The state of the body is not-''Oh, I'm not talking about the poor bugger in the pit,' said the philosopher. 'I'm talking about the people throwing the stones. They were sure all right. They were sure it wasn't them in the pit. You could see it in their faces. So glad it wan't them in the pit that they were throwing just as hard as they could.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Without knowing every single detail in a man’s life, we cannot judge whether he is a good person or not!
Newpostcard|What is beautiful?Everything that has been loved by someone,That is beautiful.
Ani DiFranco, Ani Difranco: The Complete Lyrics|Art is why I get up in the morning, but my definition ends there. You know, it doesn't seem fair that I'm living for something I can't even define, but there you are, right there, in the meantime.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|The Post is famous for its investigative journalism. It pours energy and investment and sweat and dollars into uncovering important stories. And then a bunch of websites summarize that [work] in about four minutes and readers can access that news for free. One question is, how do you make a living in that kind of environment? If you can't, it's difficult to put the right resources behind it. ... Even behind a paywall, websites can summarize your work and make it available for free. From a reader point of view, the reader has to ask, 'Why should I pay you for all that journalistic effort when I can get it for free from another site?' 
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|YOUR TWIN-FLAME IS ON BACK ORDER.THE HEAVENLY FATHER IS BUILDING YOUR SOULMATE TAILOR MADE FOR YOU SPECIAL ORDER.WHEN YOUR MATE IS COMPLETE THE UNIVERSE WILL SHIP THEM OUT SPECIAL DELIVERY, WITH A BOW. WHEN YOU MEET THEM YOU'LL KNOW!YOU DESERVE THE BEST. SINCERELY,#FRIENDINYOURPOCKET 
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|As far as I am concerned, philosophic questioning is just as likely to make you confused and depressed as it is to improve your condition.
Edward Mooney Jr.|The waters of the stream played the part of the orchestra, and the sunlight provided the dancers. Every now and then a crescendo of wind highlighted the symphony in the clearing by the creek.
Jonathan Franzen, How to Be Alone|Plato laments the decline of the oral tradition and the atrophy of memory which writing induces, I at the other end of the Age of the Written Word am impressed by the sturdiness and reliability of words on paper... The will to record indelibly, to set down stories in permanent words, seems to me akin to the conviction that we are larger than our biologies.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|I like the word clandestine. It feels medieval. Sometimes I think of words as being alive. If clandestine were alive, it would be a pale little girl with hair the color of fall leaves and a dress as white as the moon.
Patti Stanger|For me, I've learned if I want a very stable, normal relationship, where I'll be like, 'Okay, this is nice, I know what's going to happen in a month,' it's probably better to date outside the industry. But you can't help who you fall for. It's our dating pool.
G.K. Chesterton, The Superstition of Divorce|For it was authority that turned men suspicious and stern-faced. Authority and responsibility which made them not themselves, but a sort of corporate body that tried to think as a corporate body rather than a person.
Tim Allen|Hopefully, imparting what's important to me, respect for the food and that information about the purveyors, people will realize that for a restaurant to be good, so many pieces have to come together.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Lolita, light of my life, fire of my loins.My sin, my soul.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your mind controls your actions and that means when your mind gives you designed thoughts, your actions too are going to be designed actions!
Jim Butcher, Academ's Fury|Ambition is all very well, my lad, but you must cloak it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are called to obey Christ. He is the Master of our lives and has washed us in His blood, which cleanses our souls, our minds, and our mouths. The world is watching. What do they see and hear?
Michael Shermer, Why Darwin Matters: The Case Against Intelligent Design|[A]s military history reveals, a bad plan is often better than no plan, especially if the people on the other side think it’s a good plan.
Angeline Trevena, Fifty Shades of Decay|The world had seen so many Ages: the Age of Enlightenment; of Reformation; of Reason. Now, at last, the Age of Desire. And after this, an end to Ages; an end, perhaps, to everything.
Atom Tate|If Time travel were possible, the future would have already taught the present to teach the past how to do it.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|I worry that, especially as the Millennium edges nearer, pseudoscience and superstition will seem year by year more tempting, the siren song of unreason more sonorous and attractive. Where have we heard it before? Whenever our ethnic or national prejudices are aroused, in times of scarcity, during challenges to national self-esteem or nerve, when we agonize about our diminished cosmic place and purpose, or when fanaticism is bubbling up around us - then, habits of thought familiar from ages past reach for the controls.The candle flame gutters. Its little pool of light trembles. Darkness gathers. The demons begin to stir.
Norman Douglas|Age is like love, it cannot be hid.
Seanan McGuire|Nothing is more on the nose,than sun cream.
James A. Michener, Hawaii|It is actually a good survival strategy to manipulate twist, and reorganize the truth in a way that is more consistent with what we can psychologically tolerate.
Rose Wynters, The Vampire's House of Pleasure: Part Two|You see, I know you, Violet. You've tormented me in my dreams with your body too many times to count. Now you're here in the flesh, with your ripe curves and innocent eyes, an angel hidden in the body of a temptress.
Norbert Wiener, The Human Use Of Human Beings: Cybernetics And Society|The world of the future will be an even more demanding struggle against the limitations of our intelligence, not a comfortable hammock in which we can lie down to be waited upon by our robot slaves.
Louis C. K.|The reason why Apple computers have worked so well over time is that, unlike Microsoft, they don't bend over backward to be compatible with every piece of hardware or software in the digital universe. To code or create for Apple, you follow Apple's rules. If you're even allowed to.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If someone is destined to be with you, nothing can keep her away; if she is not, nothing can make her stay.
Eduardo Galeano, Los hijos de los días|Claiming "the budget can't allow it" reminds me of when you walk into a restaurant at a civilized hour like ten o'clock and they say "the kitchen is closed." For years I would hear this, and think, "damn, just a little too late, oh well, thank you, I guess it's Denny's ag
Shanna LaFleur|You must be Independent, Independent, Independent - don't talk so much but do more - go your own way and let your neighbour go his... Shake off all the props - the props tradition and authority give you - and go alone - crawl - stumble - stagger - but go alone.
D.E. Stevenson, Smouldering Fire|It’s my experience that a weakness understood is no weakness. If you know you have it, even if you can’t control it, you can make allowances for it. It is those who ignore or don’t understand their weaknesses who are wasted by them.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|Toasted almond pancakes. Sweet soft 'okays'. Makin' me laugh more in a few weeks than I have in decades. 'Yes, Daddys' I feel in my dick. The first voicemail you left me, babe. I saved it and I listen to it once a day. If I lose focus, I see you on your back, knees high, legs wide, offering your sweet, wet pussy to me. You smile at me in bed every time you wander outta my bedroom in my shirts, my tees, or your work clothes and honest to Christ, it sets me up for the day. And no matter what shit goes down, I get through it knowin' whichever bed I climb into at night, you're in it ready to snuggle into me or give me what I wanna take. Your girl, a headache. You, never. And in a life that's been full of headaches, babe, having that, there is no price tag. You gotta get it and do it fuckin' now that there's a lotta different kinds of give and take. And you give as good as you get, baby, trust me.
Nick Hahn|WHAT THE HELL WAS I DOING?! Oh, right.$1500." From "Clown Porn" in "Broken Headbone
RVM|True Happiness doesn't come from Prosperity, Pleasure, and Power, but from PEACE.
Erin Kellison, The Sandman|You’ve lied to me. You’ve hid things from me. How dare you talk to me like we’re still friends, like we ever mattered to you at all?--Sydney Field
Princess Diana|Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
Martin Millar, Dreams of Sex and Stage Diving|I will find you another long-forgotten Queen Mab poem in no time. Depend on it. I refuse to let Cody or anyone else know more about English Literature than me. So calm yourself, Elfish, and let an expert take over.
Bette Davis|By all but the pathologically romantic, it is now recognized that this is not the age of the small man.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Tell yourselves whatever you’d like, but I’m afraid it doesn’t make it true,” Mearth sighed, beginning to look impatient. “Step aside Mandy, I have to remediate him, otherwise you’ll find yourself in a whole mess of trouble.”“You can’t do this, it’s wrong,” Mandy insisted.“You don’t have a choice, Mandy! Either you let his life compromise the lives of everybody else in the world, or you let me remediate him and get it over with,” Mearth icily declared.“…Do what she says, Mandy Valems….” Alecto added, standing up and staring with glazed eyes at Mearth.“I can’t,” said Mandy.“…Go away!” Alecto shouted at her suddenly, glaring with narrowed eyes, speaking in a voice that hardly sounded like his own. “Get out of here, Mandy Valems! I hate you, I want you to leave me alone! Go home and don’t ever come back here!”“I….” Mandy started, looking totally shocked.“I said I hate you, don’t you understand anything? Go away, get out of here!” Alecto repeated menacingly, stepping forward in a threatening manner. He looked like a mad dog, shivering as he chased her away from his site. She tearfully took off running, seeming both shocked and horrified, and he watched her leave for a moment with a blank expression, his dark eyes hollow. He looked like he was going to black out, but Mearth walked quickly towards him, for once not smiling at all. If it weren’t for her eyes, she would’ve looked like a person. “That was very cruel of you to do, Sydney Tar Ponds. I thought you loved her,” she disappointedly exclaimed.“I do love her, she’s my friend, and that’s why I said that stuff to her,” Alecto replied forlornly. “None of it’s true, I don’t hate her at all… but I know what’s going to happen and I don’t want her to see it, so I lied to her and told her I hated her… can you explain to her after… why I said all that to her?
Scarlett Avery, Never Say Never|Hello, darling,” Alessandro smiled at her. Oh, that smile. Bree wanted to close her eyes, press her hands against her eyes and keep them shut forever so she wouldn’t see that smile. She must have had the question on her face, the knowledge on her face because as she looked at him now, something flickered in his eyes. Guilt. Oh God. “Mommy, look. I make good bouncies. See?” Will said, dribbling the ball. “I gonna be a basset ball player when I gwoed up.” The little boy’s voice sounded far away as Bree narrowed in on Alessandro and the look in his eyes. “Brian. I want you and Vanessa to take Will and Gianni out for a little while.” “Oh but we’re having a good time out here, aren’t we Gianni?” Alessandro asked, tickling Gianni who squealed and curled inward. “Now,” Bree said, her voice tight. Will stopped bouncing the ball and held it against his chest looking at both of them, picking up on the angry tension that suddenly covered them all. “Uh oh. I tink mommy’s mad.” “I’m not leaving you alone in your condition, Bree. Alessandro, we just came from the hospital. Colin’s awake,” Brian informed him, his voice tight with anger. “You spoke to Colin?” Alessandro asked, meeting Bree’s eyes. “I did. And Carrie.” He looks like a cornered animal. And what do Dardanos do when they’re cornered? They lie. They cheat. Oh God. “Fine, then can you just take the boys upstairs?” Bree said, speaking to Brian, but not moving her gaze from her husband. “Come on, guys. Let’s go play upstairs for a while,” Vanessa said walking past Bree and taking Gianni from Alessandro’s lap.
Dan Greenup, Generation Why?|You’ve heard the saying “time heals all wounds.” Nothing could be further from the truth. Time won’t heal all wounds. Jesus will. By His wounds, we are healed. That’s what this book is all about. There is a real answer to the why question, and it’s much better than anything you could ever make up.
indonesia123|Yesterday I was clever, so I took the glory for me. Today He makes me wise, so I give the glory to Thee
Anthony T. Hincks|Independence Day is a day of truth,It stands for us,Both me and you,It gives us hope,To fight on days,When there are others against us,What more can I say.It gives us glory,Our land to share,With each other,We shall not despair.The land of freedom,Our liberty tall,She shines her torch,For one and all.The fourth of July,Is our special day,It's when we came of age,That's all I'll say.God Bless!
Sara Nović, Girl at War|Music, I'd heard him say, was like dessert. He could live without it, but life just wasn't as good.
Mira Nair|I thought I was attractive when I shot 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding.' Studio executives and movie reviewers let me know I had a confidence in my looks that was not shared by them. In other words, they labeled me with words like overweight, unattractive, unappealing.
Shannon L. Alder|Everyone’s life is an evolution of emotions, spirit and beliefs. The storyline changes, plots thicken, main characters mature and new spiritual journeys begin. This is true of inspirational authors. Their books represent only the stages of their life. New triumphs of the soul have yet to be written!
Bill Cosby|When every church becomes a school, every cathedral a university, every clergyman a teacher, and all their hearers brave and honest thinkers, then - and not until then - will the dream of poet, patriot, philanthropist and philosopher become a real and blessed truth.
Oddný Eir, Land of Love and Ruins|She said it was no use waiting for trust to come to you fully formed, and then go and create a life and home together; you just had to start living with the person you loved best, and trust would build over time.
Alain de Botton|The core – and perhaps unexpected – thing that books do for us is simplify. It sounds odd, because we think of literature as sophisticated. But there are powerful ways in which books organise, and clarify our concerns – and in this sense simplify.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The spirit is willing but the body is weakLead us then our Savoir that we may not slumberOh Jehovah! Oh Jehovah!Thy strength we beseech to get to the endSo we may render a good account of our arduous journey to the endThe spirit is willing but the body is weakLead us then our Savoir that we may not slumberWell done, good and faithful servants you shall sayUnto they that shall be faithful with a few things in their days.Come and share your Master’s happiness you shall sayUnto they that diligently made their hay in the day.Oh Jehovah! Oh Jehovah! Grant us Thy power to be faithful in our days!The spirit is willing but the body is weak.Lead us then our Savoir that we may not slumber.Certain paths we know seem leading to your throne.But there is only one path to Thy throne we yearn to know;The path of our Lord and Savior Christ Jesus!Come to me all you who grow weary He exclaims!Easy is His yoke; lighter is His burden! Our hearts and minds; our burden!The spirit is willing but the body is weak.Lead us then our Savoir that we may not slumber.The end draws nearer and nearer as we take steps to the end.Many are the things we need to do before we get to the end.But many are the things that take our attention as we journey to the end.A heart of understanding oh Jehovah we beseech;that we may do all things pleasant to Thee with understanding.The spirit is willing but the body is weak.Lead us then our Savoir that we may not slumber.
AnkitMishra|I am lost in the paradigm of life, death and time. The only thing I have learnt about this paradigm is that the time is running between life and death and with every passing day we are getting closer to the death and truth is that time is running for Good.
William C. Bryant|The old cathedrals are good, but the great blue dome that hangs over everything is better.
Richie Norton|When haters start to rear their ugly head, just play around with them and throw them a bone so they can go away and chew on it.
Terri Guillemets|Until now Psychologists only factored in emotional and physical gratification, but VIRTUAL GRATIFICATION is the latest to take over, Beware!
Mario Benedetti|Cada vez que te enamores no expliques a nadie nada, deja que el amor te invada sin entrar en pormenores
Andrew McCarthy, The Longest Way Home: One Man's Quest for the Courage to Settle Down|There's something in the act of setting out that renews me, that fills me with a feeling of possibility. On the road, I'm forced to rely on instinct and intuition, on the kindness of strangers, in ways that illuminate who I am, ways that shed light on my motivations, my fears.
Emari Valdicar|Fate wouldn't create a man that drop-dead gorgeous and make him gay, would it? Oh yes, fate would.
Gail Carriger, Manners & Mutiny|If only gossip weren't so titillating. Sweeney tried to control an avid desire to know more, to dig for all the dirty details.The temptation was great. Dirt was like fat; it made life more delicious.
Joyce Carol Oates, I'll Take You There|I was nineteen years five months old when I fell in love for the first time. This seemed to me a profound, advanced age; never can we anticipate being older than we are, or wiser; if we're exhausted, it's impossible to anticipate being strong; as, in the grip of a dream, we rarely understand that we're dreaming, and will escape by the simplest of methods, opening our eyes.
Aisha Mirza|The research on male-female attraction tells us that in reality neither males nor females thinks that physical attraction a turn-on. It's the slightly tousled hair, imperceptibly loosened tie, the little flaws that attract someone because we perceive them as human and thus like ourselves
Henry David Thoreau|you'll accomlish more with a kind word and a gun, than you will with a kind word alone.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|A man of peace shall always live in peace, if all chances are given and only shall he stand to fight for his rights if peace and freedom isn't granted to him.
Lucille Ball|It is disgusting that 'Life & Style' and 'InTouch' magazines continue to print these false stories about my life: the status of my marriage, false reports about a miscarriage, the horrible lie that my dad is not my biological father, jealousy over my sisters' lives, etc.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|An unfinished book. left unattended, turns feral, and she would need all her focus, will and ruthless determination to tame it again.
Debasish Mridha|Be not a person only, be a message to the world.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|Centuries of navel-gazing. Millennia of masturbation. Plato to Descartes to Dawkins to Rhanda. Souls and zombie agents and qualia. Kolmogorov complexity. Consciousness as Divine Spark. Consciousness as electromagnetic field. Consciousness as functional cluster.I explored it all.Wegner thought it was an executive summary. Penrose heard it in the singing of caged electrons. Nirretranders said it was a fraud; Kazim called it leakage from a parallel universe. Metzinger wouldn't even admit it existed. The AIs claimed to have worked it out, then announced they couldn't explain it to us. Gödel was right after all: no system can fully understand itself.Not even the synthesists had been able to rotate it down. The load-bearing beams just couldn't take the strain.All of them, I began to realize, had missed the point. All those theories, all those drugdreams and experiments and models trying to prove what consciousness was: none to explain what it was good for. None needed: obviously, consciousness makes us what we are. It lets us see the beauty and the ugliness. It elevates us into the exalted realm of the spiritual. Oh, a few outsiders—Dawkins, Keogh, the occasional writer of hackwork fiction who barely achieved obscurity—wondered briefly at the why of it: why not soft computers, and no more? Why should nonsentient systems be inherently inferior? But they never really raised their voices above the crowd. The value of what we are was too trivially self-evident to ever call into serious question.Yet the questions persisted, in the minds of the laureates, in the angst of every horny fifteen-year-old on the planet. Am I nothing but sparking chemistry? Am I a magnet in the ether? I am more than my eyes, my ears, my tongue; I am the little thing behind those things, the thing looking out from inside. But who looks out from its eyes? What does it reduce to? Who am I? Who am I? Who am I?What a stupid fucking question. I could have answered it in a second, if Sarasti hadn't forced me to understand it first.
Sue Monk Kidd|Finally, I began to write about becoming an older woman and the trepidation it stirred. The small, telling "betrayals" of my body. The stalled, eerie stillness in my writing, accompanied by an ache for some unlived destiny. I wrote about the raw, unsettled feelings coursing through me, the need to divest and relocate, the urge to radically simplify and distill life into a new, unknown meaning.
Barton Gellman|For me, I was somebody who was a smart young guy who didn't do very well in school. The basic system of education, I didn't fit in; my intelligence was elsewhere.
John Eldredge, The Journey of Desire: Searching for the Life We Always Dreamed of|Should the king in exile pretend he is happy there?Should he not seek his own country?His miseries are his ally; they urge him on. Let them grow, if need be. But do not forsake the secret of life; do not despise those kingly desires. We abandon the most important journey of our lives when we abandon desire. We leave our hearts by the side of the road and head off in the direction of fitting in, getting by, being productive, what have you. Whatever we might gain – money, position, the approval of others, or just absence of the discontent self – it’s not worth it.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Oblivion|Because even if we were struggling, we had goals. It didn't matter that we weren't there yet. What mattered is that we both experienced setbacks, and full-blown failures, but we got up, brushed ourselves off, and kept going-and were making the best of it.
Flannery O'Connor|If you live today, you breath in nihilism ... it's the gas you breathe. If I hadn't had the Church to fight it with or to tell me the necessity of fighting it, I would be the stinkingest logical positivist you ever saw right now.
Mark Waters|Sometimes people come up to me and say, 'You were my teen crush.' I'm honored and I'm touched, but I also ask, 'What happened? Why'd you take the poster down?' I get a little heartbroken in that situation.
Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory|There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in...We should be thankful we cannot see the horrors and degradations lying around our childhood, in cupboards and bookshelves, everywhere.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|In life we meet people and they come and go. But, only God will remain the same. Despite what others think, God's love is eternal. No matter who abandons you, God will never leave or forsake you.
M.L. Rio, If We Were Villains|The power of language. Preserving the ephemeral; giving form to dreams, permanence to sparks of sunlight.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|When it come to creative inspiration, job titles and hierarchy are meaningless.
Carlo Ancelotti, Quiet Leadership: Winning Hearts, Minds and Matches|As Herb Kelleher of Southwest Airlines succinctly put it, 'Strategy, overdone; doing stuff, underdone'.
Edmund Burke, A Philosophical Enquiry into the Origin of our Ideas of the Sublime and Beautiful|Suddenly summoned to witness something great and horrendous, we keep fighting not to reduce it to our own smallness.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|[O]ur applications are quicker about our sufferings, than our sins(77)[.]
Bob Proctor|Most people are not going after what they want. Even some of the most serious goal seekers and goal setters, they're going after what they think they can get.
Debasish Mridha|Without peace, life loses its prime purpose.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|(A point of view of a stupidy of mankind)...Hey... did you check out the book by Stephen King in 7 June published??... (I was talking to one friend if I can put him as a friend...)The teacher says "Stop with this books.."... pff I said once not twice, why to stop?
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Love fades, mine has.~Dimitri Belikov~
Dan Barker|You believe in a book that has talking animals, wizards, witches, demons, sticks turning into snakes, food falling from the sky, people walking on water, and all sorts of magical, absurd and primitive stories, and you say that we are the ones that need help?
Kiera Cass, The Elite|These are all good things, I said. But no one knows where your country is or who you are. You don't have a familiar ethnic cuisine; your diaspora , from what I understand, is mostly in Southern California, three time zones removed from the national media in New York; and you don't have a recognizable, long-simmering conflict like the one between the Israelis and the Palestinians, where people in the richer nations can take sides and argue over at the dinner table. The best you can do is get the United Nations involved, as in East Timor. Maybe they'll send troops.""We don't want the United Nations" Mr. Nanabragov said. "We don't want Sri Lankan troops patrolling our streets. We're better tan that. We want America.
Alcurtis Turner|She got a long pointed nose and big fleshy mouth. Lips look like black plum. Eyes big, glossy. Feverish. And mean. Like, sick as she is, if a snake cross her path, she kill it
Richie Norton|Pondering the legitimate modern day problem of intellectual bullies. Self-proclaimed smarties attacking the innocent. They revel in being politically correct, all-loving and open-minded while not applying these principles to themselves.The ultimate double standard in the name of truth and acceptance. It's sad.This is not a post about anyone in particular. This is an observation over years.Have you seen it? Call it out when you do.The offender won't know what to do because they know that you know their game.
Tad Williams, The Dragonbone Chair|Ah? A small aversion to menial labor?" The doctor cocked an eyebrow. "Understandable, but misplaced. One should treasure those hum-drum tasks that keep the body occupied but leave the mind and heart unfettered.
Jhumpa Lahiri, Interpreter of Maladies|The moon had been observing the earth close-up longer than anyone. It must have witnessed all of the phenomena occurring - and all of the acts carried out - on this earth. But the moon remained silent; it told no stories. All it did was embrace the heavy past with a cool, measured detachment. On the moon there was neither air nor wind. Its vacuum was perfect for preserving memories unscathed. No one could unlock the heart of the moon. Aomame raised her glass to the moon and asked, “Have you gone to bed with someone in your arms lately?” The moon did not answer. “Do you have any friends?” she asked. The moon did not answer. “Don’t you get tired of always playing it cool?”The moon did not answer.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Welcome to the human race. Nobody controls his own life, Ender. The best you can do is choose to fill the roles given you by good people, by people who love you. I didn't come here because I wanted to be a colonist. I came because I've spent my whole life in the company of the brother that I hated. Now I want a chance to know the brother that I love, before it's too late, before we're not children anymore.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|If killing yourself is not an option anymore, you have to sink into the darkness instead, and make something out of it.
Deborah Meyler|She personified her name in everything she did. Even when we would row, her words were deftly chosen and spoken rather like an intricate dance. And I so loved to dance with her.
Omar Khayyám|It’s too bad if a heart lacks fire,and is deprived of the light of a heart ablaze.The day on which you arewithout passionate loveis the most wasted day of your life.
Sharon Creech, The Great Unexpected|Mrs. Mudkin closed her eyes. "We should pray.""I ain't praying," Crazy Cora said. Mrs. Mudkin said, "Lord, please bless---""I ain't praying.""--this land and the people who--""I ain't praying.""--have toiled on this earth--""Stop that praying.""I can pray if I want to.""Then be quiet about it.
Sue Ward Drake, Hear No Evil|He is a true hero," she said, "a dragonslayer, a giantkiller, a rescuer of maidens, a solver of impossible riddles. He may be the greatest hero of all, because he's a good man as well. They aren't always.
Joan Smith, Misogynies|One of the chief paradoxes of our culture [is] that the welfare of its children, its _future_, is placed almost exclusively in the hands of people of low status, a class it holds in contempt.
Douglas Rushkoff|Use a personal firewall. Configure it to prevent other computers, networks and sites from connecting to you, and specify which programs are allowed to connect to the net automatically.
Vio Vic|Why should I contemplate the failure or the negativity when everything that it happens, it happens for a reason, that is above our human understanding and we may understand it sooner or later?Why I should not take each step, each second, from the gift - life that I have received it, with trust and confidence in God, the Creator, that allows everything to happen, for His master plan?Is it the expressing of the rage, of the sadness a human nature sin, that is covered under the mask of caring of the human that knows his own smallness?
Michael Connelly, The Gods of Guilt|Behjet eased the horse forward again. "The harvest is failing. There will be no crop at all if this rain doesn't stop - not even hay."The rain. The rain she'd been so grateful for, the rain that concealed the warping of her shadow. It was going to kill people.
Alvin Plantinga, Warranted Christian Belief|God, Lincoln believed, is seen more clearly events that in nature, though He maybe seen there also. It is a majestic thing, thought Lincoln, for a person to be RESPONSIBLE.
Nadia Boulanger|Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
Cath Crowley, A Little Wanting Song|She looked at me with those empty eyes, and I thought, I'm going to make sure I fill them up with something.
Susan Sontag, As Consciousness is Harnessed to Flesh: Journals and Notebooks, 1964-1980|There's nothing more intoxicating than creating something from nothing. Creating something from yourself." Professor Piper
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we feed our spiritual lives and allow the Holy Spirit to empower us, He will have rule over us. If we starve our spiritual natures and instead feed the old, sinful nature, the flesh will dominate.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your success must never be left to others. You must be able to visualize it and see it through your own eyes, whilst others assist you to see it better and make it clearer.
F.S. Michaels, Monoculture: How One Story is Changing Everything|The purchaser draws boundaries, fences himself in, and says, “This is mine; each one by himself, each one for himself.” Here, then, is a piece of land upon which, henceforth, no one has a right to step, save the proprietor and his friends; which can benefit nobody, save the proprietor and his servants. Let these sales multiply, and soon the people — who have been neither able nor willing to sell, and who have received none of the proceeds of the sale — will have nowhere to rest, no place of shelter, no ground to till. They will die of hunger at the proprietor’s door, on the edge of that property which was their birthright; and the proprietor, watching them die, will exclaim, “So perish idlers and vagrants!
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You looked like you, but you also looked like a mannequin. And I looked like me, but I also looked like a mannequin. Between the two of us, we were too fake even for Hollywood. And as such, we were forced to reside in Washington DC. 
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|I am not, anymore, a Christian, but I am lifted and opened by any space with prayer inside it. I didn’t know why I was going, today, to stand in the long cool darkness of St. John of the Divine, but my body knew, as bodies do, what it wanted. I entered the oddly small door of the huge space, and walked without hesitating to the altar I hadn’t consciously remembered, a national memorial for those who died of AIDS, marked by banners and placards. My heart melted, all at once, and I understood why I was there. Because the black current the masseuse had touched wanted, needed, to keep flowing. I’d needed to know I could go on, but I’d also been needing to collapse. Which is what I did, some timeless tear span of minutes sitting on the naked gray stone. A woman gave me the kind of paper napkins you get with an ice cream cone. It seemed to me the most genuine of gifts, made to a stranger: the recognition of how grief moves in the body, leaving us unable to breathe, helpless, except for each other.
Laura Bynum, Veracity|We knew the difference between that which cannot be expressed and that which must. We understood that while words are a path taking us only so far, they are a requisite to the journey. They are like road maps that show us which way to go.
Marya Hornbacher|I leave Sisyphus at the foot of the mountain! One always finds one's burden again. ButSisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He tooconcludes that all is well. This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neithersterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night filled mountain,in itself forms a world. The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man'sheart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy
Aldous Huxley|The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen.
Melanie Dickerson, The Golden Braid|Rejoice always, pray continually, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
Rahm Emanuel|From a public perspective, the Grand National is the biggest race of all, and not to have won it yet is definitely a failure. But there's been a lot of jockeys every bit as good and better than me that haven't won it - John Francome, Peter Scudamore, Jonjo O'Neill, Charlie Swan, to name a few.
W.E. Woodward|No man can be a Christian and a soldier at the same time, for the two ideas are wholly incompatible.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Time is an illusion, only the keepers of the illusion are real, and the reality they have spun, keeps us, until we set upon the path of the dream.
Karen Hesse|Rain, hold me in your glassy arms—cover me in wet kisses
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Before you point fingers at someone, clean them well. You better remove that log on your lens before you can see the speck on someone's own afar!
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|if at all,anger has to be exercised.....let it be superficial
Pierre Trudeau|What I worry about would be that you essentially have two chambers, the House and the Senate, but you have simply, majoritarian, absolute power on either side. And that's just not what the founders intended.
Dianna Hardy, The Sands Of Time|Goodbyes are sad, but they are temporary, because as hellos ends with goodbyes, so will goodbyes start with hellos.
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash G Sivaprakash Gopal, sivaprakash sidhu, sivaprakash, sivaprakash, sidh|Failure is not an end, if you have it then don't burry it, let them inspires you with a new beginning.
Greg Graffin|There is a major problem with reliance on placebos, like most vitamins and antioxidants. Everyone gets upset about Big Science, Big Pharma, but they love Big Placebo.
David L. Calof|She's terrified that all these sensations and images are coming out of her — but I think she's even more terrified to find out why." Carla's description was typical of survivors of chronic childhood abuse. Almost always, they deny or minimize the abusive memories. They have to: it's too painful to believe that their parents would do such a thing.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|Time makes us grow old, but it also gives us the day and the night...Lying is a bad thing. It makes you sorry you were ever born. And not to have been born is a curse. You are condemned to live outside time. And when you live outside time, there is no day and night. You don't get a chance to die.
Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil|He led her back to the house, the perfume from the acacia clinging to her. The djinn was supposed to live in the scent of the acacia blossom, making themselves visible only to the young in order to entrap them in otherworldly world.
Avijeet Das|When life seems like an uphill task do not ever give up on yourself or on life! Travel to a new place, learn a new language, embrace a new culture, play a musical instrument, read a good book, watch the sunrise, experience the sunset, go for a swim in the river, hug a tree, sit near the lake, or climb a mountain! You will fall in love with life all over again!
Jared Leto|I want to do everything. That's my problem. Life is short, and I hate the idea of turning down anything. You never know what interesting experience might happen.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|If you feel your value lies in being merely decorative, I fear that someday you might find yourself believing that’s all that you really are. Time erodes all such beauty, but what it cannot diminish is the wonderful workings of your mind: Your humor, your kindness, and your moral courage. These are the things I cherish so in you. I so wish I could give my girls a more just world. But I know you’ll make it a better place. - Marmee
Miley Cyrus|The patient's autonomy always, always should be respected, even if it is absolutely contrary - the decision is contrary to best medical advice and what the physician wants.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|If the pull of the moon can disturb the ocean, why can’t the pull of planets cause a disturbance in the mind of creatures like us.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|When I did finally speak, I surprised myself by saying exactly what was on my mind. “You must hate me.”She stared a long time at me.I did,” she said slowly, “But it’s mostly myself I hate.”Don’t,” I said.And why the hell shouldn’t I hate myself? Everybody else hates me.
John Thune|So often, when we don't have people that can be representative or symbolic of leadership and of faith, of purpose, in that absence we become bitter and resentful.
Toni Sorenson|How we feel is not who we are. We might feel like failures, but as long as we are still trying, we are not failures. We are works in progress.
Karl Wiggins, GRIT The Banter and Brutality of the Late-Night Cab|The more we look at anything, the more we see ourselves in the thing. This is called projection. There’s an ethics to projection, an unhinged sense of honesty. Honesty is complicated. The truth is fascinatingly flexible. Lying is boundless. It knows no limits. People lie all the time. Lying is an instinct. It’s human nature. We lie to each other; we lie to ourselves. It isn’t right, but we do.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|And you know what I realize now? That we're all waiting on something, no matter where we are in life. It's the human condition.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|If you take a book with you on a journey," Mo had said when he put the first one in her box, "an odd thing happens: The book begins collecting your memories. And forever after you have only to open that book to be back where you first read it. It will all come into your mind with the very first words: the sights you saw in that place, what it smelled like, the ice cream you ate while you were reading it... yes, books are like flypaper—memories cling to the printed page better than anything else.
Oprah Winfrey|The only question to ask yourself is, how much are you willing to sacrifice to achieve this success?
A.A. Milne|Some have brains, and some haven't, ... and there it is.
Deborah N. Kabwang, Secrets Buried in the Soul|Products produced cheaply create ugly work lives and ugly households and ugly communities. Profits produced quickly cannot purchase patience and care. Patience is beautiful. Restraint and care are beautiful. Peace is beautiful. A small, diversified organic farm is beautiful.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|At the end of our conversation she (Martha Stout) turned to address you, the reader. She said if you're beginning to feel worried that you may be a psychopath, if you recognize some of those traits in yourself, if you're feeling a creeping anxiety about it, that means you are not one.
Ann Rinaldi, Wolf by the Ears|Words said can never be recalled. So it is best, oftimes, not to speak too quickly. Yet words left unsaid are worse. We wear them like weights around our hearts.
Jessica Valenti, Full Frontal Feminism|Do you think working dads sit around at work worrying about how they can get back home in time to play with the kids, help with their homework, feed them, bathe them and put them to bed so that the child feels loved and won’t turn into a junkie, pole dancing, anorexic? No—of course not! And you know why? Because the moms already have that covered. These women are damned if they do and damned if they don’t. They have advice coming at them from everywhere, their friends, mothers, sisters, mothers-in-law, blogs, websites, magazines and books. Everyone thinks they know how it’s done and they keep heaping more pain and aggravation on the moms of the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In your darkest times, never be afraid. The Lord's presence is always with you.
John Steinbeck, America and Americans|I’m dying twice as fastas any other Americanbetween eighteen and thirty-fiveThis disturbs me,but I try not to show it in public.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|The face of an innocent child is just a mask; if not properly taken care of, a beast can just be unleashed”.
Deepak Chopra|While social media skills were once a 'nice-to-have,' accreditation in the space is becoming a requirement for many of these job titles. Hiring managers and job seekers are realizing that printing stacks of resumes is turning passe, and social media is rising as the new way of generating real-time networking opportunities.
William Paley|I believe in God because only an idiot can look at the complex balance of nature and believe that has not been designed. Believe it or not, but some people still believe that a watch can make itself out of sand if you just give it enough time. That’s what they call evolution. And you wonder why I am cynical. From my point of view you have to be a fool not to be cynical.
Roz Savage, Stop Drifting, Start Rowing: One Woman's Search for Happiness and Meaning Alone on the Pacific|That was how Sinner got his first taste of anything other than the froth on his father's ale. It made you grimace, but if you drank enough it felt like discovering an entire hidden room in your own house that you'd never even known about. You wanted to do more than poke your head through the doorway. You wanted to take its dimensions.
Becky Allen, Bound by Blood and Sand|(I)f you're not honest with yourself, life will never be honest with you.
William Hague|Quite honestly I never had a desire to be an actor. I tell people, I did not choose acting; acting chose me. I never grew up wanting to be an actor. I wanted to play football. In about 9th grade an English teacher told me I had a talent to act. He said I should audition for a performing arts high school so I did on a whim. I got accepted.
David Baldacci, The Camel Club|I’ve fought for and against pretty much every cause there is. There will always be war of some kind. At first it was over fertile soil and good water, then precious metal and then the most popular version of human disagreement, ‘My God is better than your God.’ Whether you draw your faith from Jeremiah and Jesus, Allah and Muhammad or Brahma and Buddha, it doesn’t matter. Someone will tell you you’re wrong, and he’ll fight you over it. Me, I believe in aliens, and to hell with all earthly gods. In the grand scheme of a trillion planets in the universe we’re just not that damn important anyway. And humans are rotten to the core.
Virendra Ramteke|3 people will leave you alone, at any point in your life.1. The one who don’t Love you.	2. The one who don’t Trust u or who don't Believe on you.3. The one who don’t have Respect for you.
Mensah Oteh|When we think of success, we often associate those who are successful with the things they do rather than the things they don’t, and focus is found in the latter.
Arthur Rubinstein|There are so many opportunities in life, that the loss of two or three capabilities is not necessarily debilitating. A handicap can give you the opportunity to focus more on art, writing, or music.
Deborah N. Kabwang, Secrets Buried in the Soul|These stories are important to me, not because they happen to be about South Asians, but because they’re circling around a certain strain of loneliness that goes deeper than cultural dissonance, that has to do with the yearning to connect with someone else, or with some unreachable vision of home.
Debasish Mridha|When you are eager to serve the world, the universe will be eager to serve you.
Karen A. Baquiran|The Larger A Purpose, The Bigger The Manifestation
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Don't die on me," she ordered. "You are not dying on me.""Yes, ma'am." He felt light-headed, but she was about the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Her hair was smoldering. Her face was smudged with soot. She had a cut on her arm, her dress was torn, and she was missing a boot. Beautiful.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|No matter how much I care for you, you have to do your own growing – it’s your personal responsibility. Muscles do not grow by reading but by lifting weights. Exam grades do not improve by wishing but by studying.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|The liberty of man is not safe in the hands of any church. Wherever the Bible and sword are in partnership, man is a slave. All laws for the purpose of making man worship God, are born of the same spirit that kindled the fires of the auto da fe, and lovingly built the dungeons of the Inquisition. All laws defining and punishing blasphemy -- making it a crime to give your honest ideas about the Bible, or to laugh at the ignorance of the ancient Jews, or to enjoy yourself on the Sabbath, or to give your opinion of Jehovah, were passed by impudent bigots, and should be at once repealed by honest men. An infinite God ought to be able to protect himself, without going in partnership with State Legislatures. Certainly he ought not so to act that laws become necessary to keep him from being laughed at. No one thinks of protecting Shakespeare from ridicule, by the threat of fine and imprisonment. It strikes me that God might write a book that would not necessarily excite the laughter of his children. In fact, I think it would be safe to say that a real God could produce a work that would excite the admiration of mankind.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|Although he was undeniably handsome, at the end of the day, he was still some random stranger, who had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, wanted to talk to me and who knew my name. The term ‘Stranger Danger’ flashed before my eyes! Therefore, no matter how hot he was, I wasn’t going to let my guard down…yet.
Nikhil Kushwaha, Heart of Bullets|We all are passengers to a train called life, the duration & destination to which is pre-planned.
Henry J. Kaiser|Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|Recognizing that the boundaries of the market are ambiguous and cannot be determined in an objective way lets us realize that economics is not a science like physics or chemistry, but a political exercise... If the boundaries of what you are studying cannot be scientifically determined, what you are doing is not a science.
Andrew Rayner, Reach for Paradise|Never say ‘no’ to adventures. Always say ‘yes,’ otherwise you’ll lead a very dull life.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|We have nothing!” Bree reached out and slapped him with all her might. He couldn’t know the baby she carried was his. Not ever. Alessandro’s dark eyes flashed angrily at her for a split second, making Bree’s insides tense in anticipation of his rage, but then he smiled at her, his hand going to her thigh. “Well, I was hoping we’d get to know each other a little better before delving into S & M, but I’m game if you are, sunshine.” “I want you to get out,” “And I want you naked screaming my name, now that you know it,” Alessandro growled, leaning in so that his breath brushed across her face in a tantalizing caress.
David Hewson, Macbeth|I looked at her. Sheila was my girl--the girl I wanted--and wanted for keeps. But it wasn't any use having illusions about her. Sheila was a liar and probably always would be a liar. It was her way of fighting for survival--the quick easy glib denial. It was a child's weapon--and she'd probably never got out of using it. If I wanted Sheila, I must accept her as she was--be at hand to prop up the weak places. We've all got our weak places. Mine were different from Sheila's, but they were there.
|The moment that you realize that only you can activate happiness in your life, and that things or people cannot do it for you, that is when you would stop to look for it on the outside and start searching on the inside.
Kassandra Cross, Carrie's First Time: Taboo Older Man Younger Woman First Time Erotic Romance|I’m a virgin Mr Cohen,” Carrie said, “I’ve never been with a man before.
Stephen King, Doctor Sleep|Lila cringed at the ghost of Barron's words, a memory with edges still too sharp to touch.
Brian L. Weiss|Soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then they leave. And thank God for it. Your problem is, you just can't let this one go. It's over, Groceries. David's purpose was to shake you up, drive you out of that marriage that you needed to leave, tear apart your ego a little bit, show you your obstacles and addictions, break your heart open so new light could get in, make you so desperate and out of control that you had to transform your life, then introduce you to your spiritual master and beat it. That was his job, and he did great, but now it's over. Problem is, you can't accept that this relationship had a real short shelf life. You're like a dog at the dump, baby - you're just lickin' at an empty tin can, trying to get more nutrition out of it. And if you're not careful, that can's gonna get stuck on your snout forever and make your life miserable. So drop it.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|All this while I kept thinking where did I go wrong, all this while he wasn't mine to lose.
Victoria  Roberts, Snakes in the Garden|No matter how much he denied his attraction to her, those red curls haunted his dreams like brilliant flames that couldn't be extinguished...	"Fuirich air falbh on teine," he said under his breath, but loud enough for her to hear. Stay away from the fire.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan of the Apes|I do not understand exactly what you mean by fear," said Tarzan. "Like lions, fear is a different thing in different men, but to me the only pleasure in the hunt is the knowledge that the hunted thing has power to harm me as much as I have to harm him. If I went out with a couple of rifles and a gun bearer, and twenty or thirty beaters, to hunt a lion, I should not feel that the lion had much chance, and so the pleasure of the hunt would be lessened in proportion to the increased safety which I felt.""Then I am to take it that Monsieur Tarzan would prefer to go naked into the jungle, armed only with a jackknife, to kill the king of beasts," laughed the other good naturedly, but with the merest touch of sarcasm in his tone."And a piece of rope," added Tarzan.
Suhagini|When life gets too hard on you just forget everything,be yourself and move on
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|Life's no piece of cake, mind you, but the recipe's my own to fool with.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|What an astonishing thing a book is. It's a flat object made from a tree with flexible parts on which are imprinted lots of funny dark squiggles. But one glance at it and you're inside the mind of another person, maybe somebody dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, an author is speaking clearly and silently inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people who never knew each other, citizens of distant epochs. Books break the shackles of time. A book is proof that humans are capable of working m
Charles Tritten, Heidi's Children|Until your our last breath, lots of surprises waiting for you each day, and at those points you can't do anything, just wait, watch and react according to the situation like helpless kid.After the last breath also, you don't know, even more surprises are there for you like heaven or hell.. Hahaha, it's the true meaning of life....
Martha Moody, Best Friends|Do you have kids?" Anna asks.I laugh. "What do you think?""It's probably a good thing," she admits. "No offense, but you don't exactly look like a parent."That fascinates me. "What do parents look like?"She seems to think about this. "You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across? Like that.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|She shook her head. "I can't believe you got bit and you didn't even get an orgasm out of it. I guess True Blood isn't true after all.
Mikhail Bakhtin, The Dialogic Imagination: Four Essays|We both think love (and language) are interesting but taffylike diversions: soft, simple, perhaps a little salty. If either one takes over your life, you're an ass.
Rabih Alameddine, The Angel of History|I was always alone, Doc, solitary whether I wished to be or not, ever since I could remember I wished to be lost in another, thought that somehow I could disappear into that heart of yours, take walks within your veins, wander through the bones of you. You had friends, Satan said, you loved and were loved, you must not forget that, at least not that. But did I allow anyone in, I asked Satan, and he said, Did you, does anyone?
Anyaele Sam Chiyson, You Are a Success: Laugh Your Way to the Top of the World and Be on Top of the World with Anyaele Sam Chiysons Success Laws.|ANYAELE SAM CHIYSON’S LAW OF PASSION: You must have a longing to succeed in accordance with your desires: Your intense, high-wrought emotion that compels you to action must be high-powered to get you fervent and excited to do what is required by the terms so as to make your desires a success. Get ready to follow through your innovations. Create your structures! Do things right to a turn and ardently carry your strategies to a successful completion and accomplish your desires.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You want to feel that you belong to something higher, to something even beyond this universe, then go to the opera!
Thomas Narofsky, You are Unstoppable!: Unleash Your Inspired Life|Most people live in a very restricted circle of their potential being. They make use of a very small portion of their possible consciousness, and of their soul's resources in general, much like a man who, out of his whole organism should get into a habit of using and moving only his little finger.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If there’s any redeeming quality that I can find in running away from something, it’s that I’m on my feet. Now all I’ve got to do is alter my direction.
Andrea Dworkin|Men have constructed female sexuality and in so doing have annihilated the chance for sexual intelligence in women. Sexual intelligence cannot live in the shallow, predestined sexuality men have counterfeiteed for women.
Susan Mallery, Barefoot Season|A beautiful rain is a treasure box. Inside this magical box there is an artistic umbrella, there is a pretty rainbow, there is a sweet bird singing and there is a lovely smell of earth! Something wonderful has a great potential to create some other wonderful things!
Kevin Alfred Strom|To find out who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Do you love me?’ he asked instead. ‘Because if you don’t, I’d wait until you did. I’d wait weeks and months and years.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|To each his own way and his own prayer. God does not take us at our word. He looks deep into our hearts. It is not the ceremonies or rituals that make a difference, but whether our hearts are sufficiently pure or not.
Barack Obama|We must talk and reach for common understandings, precisely because all of us are imperfect and can never act with the certainty that God is on our side; and yet at times we must act nonetheless, as if we are certain, protected from error only by providence.
Elizabeth Payson Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|Our course heavenward is like the plan of the zealous pilgrim of old, who for every three steps forward, took one backward.
Erskine Bowles|Today she is the lady of death, which I believe is the best muse to have.
Rinsai  Rossetti, The Girl with Borrowed Wings|I rely on a backbone of books and, for the most part, it's enough to keep me quiet, half-drugged with dreams of imaginary worlds.
Margaret Eleanor Leigh, The Wrong Shade of Yellow|As I travelled south through Europe everything got bigger. This applied to nice things like fruit-the nectarines and tomatoes were about six times as large in Greece as they were in Britain for example. But the principle also applied to unpleasant things, like spiders, and worms, and all other nameless and horrifying insects and arachnids of Greece.
Joseph Goldstein|A guilty person sometimes has the luck to escape detection, but never to feel sure of it.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|The goal was to get sane, to get whole, to be complete enough to support someone else.
Anne Elisabeth Stengl, Golden Daughter|Sometimes the worst failures in our lives turn out to be for the best. Sometimes our path leads through darkness, but that doesn't mean we shouldn't walk it. Sometimes our path leads to loss. But that doesn't mean we've gone astray.
Jaroslav Hašek, The Good Soldier Švejk|We’ve known for a long time that it was no longer possible to overturn this world, nor reshape it, nor head off its dangerous headlong rush. There’s been only one possible resistance: to not take it seriously.
George Gordon Byron|the poor dog, in life the firmest friend, the first to welcome, the foremost to defend.
Veronica Roth|What did you do?” I mumble. He is just a few feet away from me now, but not close enough to hear me. As he passes me he stretches out his hand. He wraps it around my palm and squeezes. Squeezes, then lets go. His eyes are bloodshot; he is pale. “What did you do?” This time the question tears from my throat like a growl. I throw myself toward him, struggling against Peter’s grip, though his hands chafe. “What did you do?” I scream. “You die, I die too” Tobias looks over his shoulder at me. “I asked you not to do this. You made your decision. These are the repercussions.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|My gift to you, Yukiko-chan.' He nodded. 'Use it to cut away your fear, and leave nothing in its wake. Cherish it. And cherish this truth I speak to you now, if no other before or after: The greatest tempest Shima has even known waits in the wings for you to call its name. Your anger can topple mountains. Crush empires. Change the very shape of the world.'He pressed the blade into her hand, watched her with cool eyes the colour of steel.'Your anger is a gift.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|If ever there were three mismatched riders, it was us- the crown prince of Dalbreck, the Assassin of Venda, and the fugitive princess of Morrighan. Sons and daughter of three kingdoms, each bent on domination of the other two.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|Roger Daltrey had been expelled for smoking, but was still impudently showing up on campus to visit his various cronies. I'd first met him after he won a playground fight with a Chinese boy. I thought his tactics were dirty and when I shouted as much, he came over & forced me to retract.
Phyllis Wheaton|You can curse the moonCurse the day your’re bornBut the pilot of your plane is youWe’re all in this world, by a greater plan Look up, lift your wings, Because you canThe Light Said (The First Song album)
Michael J. Fox, Lucky Man|After all that I'd been through, after all that I'd learned and all that I'd been given, I was going to do what I had been doing every day for the last few years now: just show up and do the best that I could do with whatever lay in front of me.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|I write because I am alone and move through the world alone. No one will know what has passed through me... I write because there are stories that people have forgotten to tell, because I am a woman trying to stand up in my life... I write out of hurt and how to make hurt okay; how to make myself strong and come home, and it may be the only real home I'll ever have.
Jordan Rains|I will love you forever and that's my vow.I say we can live in the dreams we madeAnd since you built 'em, I know they'll never fade.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|Whenever one feels like saying “the money that billionaire spent on his fleet of yachts could have been used better by the "public sector”“, one should ask oneself when was the last time one heard of a billionaire buying an army of tanks and a set of nuclear weapons.
Dorothea Brande, Becoming a Writer|Never give up, Never surrender!!!!!If you think you can't, then you must, if you must, then you can..Tony Robbins
Angelina Jolie|When I say that human beings are just gene machines, one shouldn't put too much emphasis on the word 'just.' There is a very great deal of complication, and indeed beauty in being a gene machine.
Robert G. Ingersoll|We must remember that there is a great difference between a myth and a miracle. A myth is the idealization of a fact. A miracle is the counterfeit of a fact. There is the same difference between a myth and a miracle that there is between fiction and falsehood -- between poetry and perjury. Miracles belong to the far past and the far future. The little line of sand, called the present, between the seas, belongs to common sense to the natural.
Hillary Clinton|One of my biggest fears is not being able to break out of a rut; of becoming a prisoner to my ways, unable to change course. But in my mid-thirties, I learned you can change your thinking.
Briana Pacheco, A Sky Full of Secrets|Looking at her is like looking up at a sky full of stars. You don’t know what you’ll see today, but you know it’ll still be breathtaking.
Gail Dines, Pornland: How Porn Has Hijacked Our Sexuality|Porn is now so deeply embedded in our culture that it has become synonymous with sex to such a point that to criticize porn is to get slapped with the label anti-sex.…But what if you are a feminist who is pro-sex in the real sense of the word, pro that wonderful, fun, and deliciously creative force that bathes the body in delight and pleasure, and what you are actually against is porn sex? A kind of sex that is debased, dehumanized, formulaic, and generic, a kind of sex not based on individual fantasy, play, or imagination, but one that is the result of an industrial product created by those who get excited not by bodily contact but by market penetration and profits? Where, then, do you fit in the pro-sex, anti-sex dichotomy when pro-porn equals pro-sex?
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|We must reject the artificial and embrace what is real and true: truth in food, community, relationships and self.
Prakhar Srivastav|when it comes to youit belongs to youand, when it belongs to you, it is your.Take care of your challenges
Virgil Goode|In the United States, female fisticuffs were marginalized, first as erotic vaudeville in the 19th century and later as serious competition developed in the first half of the 20th. Legal wars waged by boxers in the 1960s and '70s won women the right to compete professionally nationwide.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Most wars start with a lie, good wars, bad wars, they start with a lie, and the peace that comes afterwards, those promises of forgiveness and cooperation and fair play for all… those are lies too, lies wrapped in hope.
Erin O'Riordan, Cut|When an animal companion becomes part of your life, there's an opportunity for you to experience love, support and guidance in a compelling new way. The extent to which that love, support, and guidance manifests in your life is directly related to level of connectivity you foster with your animal friend throughout your time together.
Jessica Maria Tuccelli, Glow|Now that her spirit had left, I’d thought she would feel light. Then I realized it was the spirit that carries the weight of the body and not the other way around.
John Kenneth Galbraith|The word 'love,' used in connection with the reproduction of our species, is the most odious blasphemy taught in our times.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] alone is perfect. Even His anger is righteous, because it is directed solely against evil.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|If you lack the humility to go back and tie up the loose ends in your past, then be prepared to forever be haunted by her ghosts, all of whom will come into your present and your future— staining everything and everyone with their leftover emotional and mental garbage. Humility is the master key that can get you out of all your cages; why do you choose your ego and stay in your prisons?
Haritha Velpureddy|You are free to do anything you want , provided you are not a beneficiary of others effort.
Virginia Woolf|Most of our addictions [shopping, food, bad relationships] as women flare up when we feel that we are not loved or sought after.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, and ages, it is the rule.
Halt and Catch Fire|Our state of mind, our state of being, and our outlook on life is contagious.
G.K. Chesterton, What I Saw in America|Others saw in the trend still another instance of a disturbing tendency in the American suburb: the longing for withdrawal, for self-enclosure, for expensive isolation.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|It's funny, he said, have you ever thought that a girl's clothes cost more than the girl inside them?
Stephen Richards|Abundance does not come in packages, it comes from the happiness within.
Steve Maraboli|She went indoors in that peculiar state of misery which is not exactly grief, and which especially attends the dawnings of reason in the latter days of an ill-judged, transient love. To be conscious that the end of the dream is approaching, and yet has not absolutely come, is one of the most wearisome as well as the most curious stages along the course between the beginning of a passion and its end.
Lauren Myracle, Bliss|He slouches,' DeeDee contributes.'True--he needs to work on his posture,' Thelma says.'You guys,' I say.'I'm serious,' Thelma says. 'What if you get married? Don't you want to go to fancy dinners with him and be proud?''You guys. We are not getting married!''I love his eyes,' Jolene says. 'If your kids get his blue eyes and your dark hair--wouldn't that be fabulous?''The thing is,' Thelma says, 'and yes, I know, this is the tricky part--but I'm thinking Bliss has to actually talk to him. Am I right? Before they have their brood of brown-haired, blue-eyed children?'I swat her. "I'm not having Mitchell's children!''I'm sorry--what?' Thelma says.Jolene is shaking her head and pressing back laughter. Her expressing says, Shhh, you crazy girl!But I don't care. If they're going to embarrass me, then I'll embarrass them right back. 'I said'--I raise my voice--'I am not having Mitchell Truman's children!'Jolene turns beet red, and she and DeeDee dissolve into mad giggles.'Um, Bliss?' Thelma says. Her gaze travels upward to someone behind me. The way she sucks on her lip makes me nervous.'Okaaay, I think maybe I won't turn around,' I announce.A person of the male persuasion clears his throat.'Definitely not turning around,' I say. My cheeks are burning. It's freaky and alarming how much heat is radiating from one little me.'If you change your mind, we might be able to work something out,' the person of the male persuasion says.'About the children?' DeeDee asks. 'Or the turning around?''DeeDee!' Jolene says.'Both,' says the male-persuasion person.I shrink in my chair, but I raise my hand over my head and wave.'Um, hi,' I say to the person behind me whom I'm still not looking at. 'I'm Bliss.'Warm fingers clasp my own.'Pleased to meet you,' says the male-persuasion person. 'I'm Mitchell.''Hi, Mitchell.' I try to pull my hand from his grasp, but he won't let go. 'Um, bye now!'I tug harder. No luck. Thelma, DeeDee, and Jolene are close to peeing their pants.Fine. I twist around and give Mitchell the quickest of glances. His expressions is amused, and I grow even hotter.He squeezes my hand, then lets go. 'Just keep me in the loop if you do decide to bear my children. I'm happy to help out.' With that, he stride jauntily to the food line.Once he's gone, we lost it. Peals of laughter resound from our table, and the others in the cafeteria look at us funny. We laugh harder.'Did you see!' Thelma gasps. 'Did you see how proud he was?''You improve his posture!' Jolene says.'I'm so glad, since that was my deepest desire,' I say. 'Oh my God, I'm going to have to quit school and become a nun.''I can't believe you waved at him,' DeeDee says.'Your hand was like a little periscope,' Jolene says. 'Or, no--like a white surrender flag.''It was a surrender flag. I was surrendering myself to abject humiliation.''Oh, please,' Thelma says, pulling me into a sideways hug. 'Think of it this way: Now you've officially talked to him.
George Bryan Polivka|The Legend of the Firefish,first in the Trophy Chase Trilogy by George Bryan Polivka, is a winner....filled with action,adventure, danger, intrigue,surprise,suspense....The characters Polivka created are fresh and interesting....A must read for fantasy lovers, and a highly recommended drating for others who want a good story. Rebecca LuElla Miller A Christian Worldview of Fiction Website
Jess C. Scott, Playmates|In every moments of life, we're all having up and down.If there are no up or down, it means we didn't have any life.
Anonymous|It is difficult for a man laden with riches to climb the steep path, that leads to bliss
Dan Gable|My mom's always been a good cook, so I took a lot of stuff from her, but most of the stuff I took from Emeril or Bobby Flay right off the TV and make it. I just loved to cook, so it just became a thing. It's a release. Even if I'm alone, I'll cook a full meal, maybe even a two-course meal, just because I love to cook. It's my secret love!
Lance Henriksen|Justin Bieber is signed to Def Jam, and I don't believe in touching nothing that ain't mine. I want someone to give me the same respect - don't touch nothing that's mine. I still want what I want. But Justin Bieber is definitely a friend of a family. Me, Drake, Wayne. We rock with the little homie, so he a part of us in heart.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Before you worry about the beauty of your body, worry about the health of your body.
Herman Melville|It is good to express a thing twice right at the outset and so to give it a right foot and also a left one. Truth can surely stand on one leg, but with two it will be able to walk and get around.
Roman Payne|All that I desire in life are three...A wilderness: A beach on the sun-drenched sea,A puff of opium,And thee.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Goes to Washington|Tiago turned to survey the large, crowded ballroom. "Good job not killing anybody.""That's what Pia said," Dragos told him. "Night's not over yet.
Evangeline Walton, Witch House|But above and beyond there's still one name left over,And that is the name that you never will guess;The name that no human research can discover--But the cat himself knows, and will never confess.When you notice a cat in profound meditation,The reason, I tell you, is always the same:His mind is engaged in a rapt contemplationOf the thought, of the thought, of the thought of his name:His ineffable effableEffanineffableDeep and inscrutable singular Name.
Shonda Rhimes, Year of Yes: How to Dance It Out, Stand In the Sun and Be Your Own Person|I’m a doer.I do.So. When I say I’m going to do something, I do it. When I say I’m going to do something, I really do it. I throw myself into it and I do. I do my ass off. I do right up to the finish line. No matter what.No.Matter.What.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I was in the book, and the book was in my head, and as long as I stayed inside my head, I could go on writing the book. It was like living in a padded cell, but of all the lives I could have lived at that moment, it was the only one that made sense to me. I wasn't capable of being in the world, and I knew that if I tried to go back into it before I was ready, I would be crushed.
Gwen Calvo, Cocaine Masks: Cocaine Masks|I reach my object and say, Wander no more. All else is trial and make-believe.
Rae Mariz, The Unidentified|Oh Google, she thought I was suicidal.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|And we'll call you...hmmm. Pudge.""Huh?""Pudge," the Colonel said. "Because you're skinny. It's called irony, Pudge. Heard of it? Now, let's go get some cigarettes and start this year off right.
John Sculley|Seriously, we are in the midst of the convergence of voice and data and that is challenging the infrastructure of the telephone companies. There are huge commercial interests in the basic technology, but even more so in content delivery and control of content.
Hannah More, Coelebs in Search of a Wife|I thought speakers didn't believe in sin," said a sullen boy.Andrew smiled. "You believe in sin, Styrka, and you do things because of that belief. So sin is real in you, and knowing you, this speaker must believe in sin.
Bootsy Collins|Well, we didn't have our original drummer on our last record. And most of that album was not played as a band in the studio. It was mostly the world of computers and overdubs. There was very few things played live or worked out as a band.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|It's interesting, isn't it? . . . the chandelier . . . it reminds me of mushroom soup.
Shaye Evans, Rescued|Eager?” “Just a little,” I breathed.
Jane Austen, Emma|It’s like my entire conscious state has been reduced to this toxic blend of hope and uncertainty. I hate that I have to act cool and almost pretend I don’t like him when in fact I do, because, God forbid, I might come across as desperate for affection or a little clingy, which everyone should know are perfectly natural human behaviors, after all. Ugh!
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|Writing a story no one else dares to say, sits outside my comfort zone, is one of the biggest challenges I'm facing as an author.
Janna Cachola|Do not be obsessed with expensive things.Instead, be obsessed with excellence.Things don't make you excellent.However, excellence will make you expensive.
Roman Payne|There are winter evenings in Massachusetts when there is no wind and the crust on the snow seems to hold in the cold. And if the moon is three-quarters full, its light adds a kind of warmth to the surrounding earth.
Ted Dekker, Outlaw|If someone tries to follow the narrow way and does not set aside who they think they are and what they think they need, they cannot follow.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Pride, anger and hatred are fruits from the same garden that poison the world when ripe. A leader cultivates no such fruits.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|There must be a season for everything that measures what success means to you, there must be a deliberately scheduled time slot for the things that are important to you. Wishing is not enough, deliberate plans followed by deliberate actions make it possible.
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|Business was doing well, because all the locals knew that dishes made from the flowers that grew around the apple tree in the Waverley garden could affect the eater in curious ways. The biscuits with lilac jelly, the lavender tea cookies, and the tea cakes made with nasturtium mayonnaise the Ladies Aid ordered for their meetings once a month gave them the ability to keep secrets. The fried dandelion buds over marigold-petal rice, stuffed pumpkin blossoms, and rose-hip soup ensured that your company would notice only the beauty of your home and never the flaws. Anise hyssop honey butter on toast, angelica candy, and cupcakes with crystallized pansies made children thoughtful. Honeysuckle wine served on the Fourth of July gave you the ability to see in the dark. The nutty flavor of the dip made from hyacinth bulbs made you feel moody and think of the past, and the salads made with chicory and mint had you believing that something good was about to happen, whether it was true or not.
Jill Badonsky|But when I accept the call of creative passion, I am a bold stroke of vermilion, a renegade hyperbole, or the wild fury of jazz violin. The world is a canvas to explore, a blank page to fill, and an arpeggio of waiting experiences. This moving masterpiece called “life” becomes intoxicating when it’s lived as if it were art.
Langston Hughes|I stay cool, and dig all jive,That's the way I stay alive.My motto, as I live and learn, isDig and be dugIn return.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|Like love, like talent, like any other virtue, like anything else in this life, happiness needs to be nurtured - this is the truth of the whole matter.
Richard Dawkins, Unweaving the Rainbow: Science, Delusion and the Appetite for Wonder|As a small child, I felt in my heart two contradictory feelings, the horror of life and the ecstasy of life.
M.L. LeGette, The Orphan and the Thief|The next second a great blast of hot light erupted over Toad and Jed, but they didn't stop. Toad was trying to punch every bit of Jed that he could reach. There was a great howling of fright and a heavy-booted foot nearly missed Toad's fingers. Jed knocked Toad off him and rose to his feet. He swung his foot back, readying to kick. With a roar, Hazel flew at Jed. Her sharp claws latched onto his back, piercing through the leather vest. Jed roared in pain. His hands scrabbled for Hazel, but she flew in the air, beating her wings against his face. With a bellow, he turned on his heel and raced out of the pub.
Christopher Hitchens|The important thing is to keep them pledging," he explained to his cohorts. "It doesn't matter whether they mean it or not. That's why they make little kids pledge allegiance even before they know what 'pledge' and 'allegiance' mean.
Kenneth J.W. Craik|If I ever conceive any original idea, it will be because I have been abnormally prone to confuse ideas ... and I have thus found remote analogies and relations which others have not considered! Others rarely make these confusions, and proceed by precise analysis.
kambiz shabankareh, The Last Smile of The Plaster-man|Marriage is full of such cut-and-dry arrangements, Rhonda thought,then felt that small ache she sometimes got at the back of her skull-the one that told her she might be alone forever, not a fate that she chose but rather a fate that seemed to have been chosen for her.
Nicole Castro, Stone and Glass|I said kiss me again.” A sultry smile curved her lips. “Would that be such a difficult task to perform?”Christ almighty, she wanted him to kiss her again. And she was ordering him to do so.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|Juanita believes that nothing is provably true or provably false in the Bible. Because if it's provably false, then the Bible is a lie, and if it's provably true, then the existence of God is proven and there's no room for faith.
Sharon Horgan|I would fix other people's lines if they asked me on occasion. The hard part of writing is the architecture of it, getting the story and structuring it. Not the tweaking of lines.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|It's difficult to know where to begin, sir.''Yes, the beginning is the tricky part. But perhaps there is no beginning, perhaps we can't look that far back.' He got up from his desk and went over to the window, from where he could see thin pillar of smoke rising into the clouds. 'I never know where anything comes from, Walter.''Comes from, sir?''Where you come from, where I come from, where all this comes from.' And he gestured at the offices and homes beneath him. He was about to say something else but he stopped, embarrassed; and in any case he was coming to the limits of his understanding. He was not sure if all the movements and changes in the world were part of some coherent development, like the weaving of a quilt which remains one fabric despite its variegated pattern. Or was it a more delicate operation than this - like the enlarging surface of a balloon in the sense that, although each part increased at the same rate of growth as every other part, the entire object grew more fragile as it expanded? And if one element was suddenly to vanish, would the others disappear also - imploding upon each other helplessly as if time itself were unravelling amid a confusion of Sights, calls, shrieks and phrases of music which grew smaller and smaller? He thought of a train disappearing into the distance, until eventually only the smoke and the smell of its engine remained.
Martine Bailey, An Appetite for Violets|In the days approaching Christmas, she always reminds me of the previous year: 'Jane crocheted you an entire poncho, and all you gave her was a bone-shaped beach stone.
Victoria Wood|Ignorance and a narrow education lay the foundation of vice, and imitation and custom rear it up.
Jan Jansen|There is nothing stronger then our own thoughts, when we that can control life will be more Easier.
Dick Francis, 10 lb Penalty|When stupidity knocks at the door, it is stupidity that opens it.
David Benatar, Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence|If I could have anything, it would be a radio to ask NASA the safe path down the Ramp. Well, if I could have anything, it would be for the green-skinned yet beautiful Queen of Mars to rescue me so she can learn more about this Earth thing called “lovemaking.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|That whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
Megan McCafferty, Charmed Thirds|We're all people", he said simply. "It doesn't matter if you're two, thirty-two, or ninety-two. Everyone wants to be treated with respect. Everyone wants to feel like they matter in this world.
Donald Hall|I've always felt that poetry was particularly erotic, more than prose was... I say that you read poems not with your eyes and not with your ears, but with your mouth. You taste it.
William Styron|The pain of severe depression is quite unimaginable to those who have not suffered it, and it kills in many instances because its anguish can no longer be borne.
Tachibana Higuchi, Gakuen Alice, Vol. 14|When it's sunny, why not spend some time dressing up and go out to have a walk!
Hallgrímur Helgason, The Hitman's Guide to Housecleaning|War kills everybody, including the ones who live.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you feel deserve to judge the arrogant,it's a sign that you're so far of humbleness.
Carlene Carter|The strength of 'Peep Show' has always been that that it's quite traditional, but it's obviously presented in a very new way.
Shannon L. Alder|What you keep alive is what you truly care about, no matter how many times you die in the process.
Cesar Pelli|I would like to attend college in the future when I have time. I have always been interested in architecture, so perhaps I would pursue a degree in that or business.
Janet Yellen|Corporate America is drowning in meetings. To make one thing clear, I am not against communication. Quick one-on-ones can be extremely effective. I am talking about those hour-long recurring meetings, devoid of a clear agenda, and attended by many. I dread them.
Abhijit Naskar|Biology without selfishness, is nothing but fiction.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Our freedoms are vanishing. If you do not get active to take a stand now against all that is wrong while we still can, then maybe one of your children may elect to do so in the future, when it will be far more riskier — and much, much harder.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|But year after year that summons, unheard but felt, was disobeyed. His one secret thought became like a chain binding down his spirit and like a serpent gnawing into his heart.
Bill Maris|I have always gotten a thrill, a kick, from learning new things.
Toni Sorenson|A sick person is Allah’s guest for as long as he is ill. Every day he is sick, God gives him countless rewards, as long as he says ‘ al hamdulillah’, praise be to God, and does not fight it and complain. When God returns to him his health, he expiates his sins and gives him the status of the newly-born (completely pure and free of any sin). Illness is a mercy and a blessing.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I'm so glad you're okay.""So, how do we celebrate my okayness? It's my day off. Let's go crazy. Glow-in-the-dark bowling?""No""I'll let you use the kiddie ball.""Shut up. I do NOT need the kiddie ball.""The way you bowl, I think you might."He grabbed her in an exaggerated formal dance pose and whirled her around, backpack and all, which didn't make her any more graceful. "Ballroom dancing?""Are you INSANE?""Hey, girls who tango are hot.""You think I'm not hot because I don't tango?"He dropped the act. Shane was a smart boy. "I think you are too hot for ballroom or bowling. So you tell me. What do you want to do? And don't say study.
Kamala Suraiyya Das, Wages of Love|A book is a good substitute for a man. Fiction, preferably
Ryan Bethencourt|It's very difficult for people who don't play video games to understand their power simply by watching, and it's very difficult for people who aren't close to technology to understand how rapidly it can change whatever it touches.
Jedediah Purdy, A Tolerable Anarchy: Rebels, Reactionaries, and the Making of American Freedom|The equality of tolerance is not that far from indifference, and very far from the equality of opportunity that LBJ envisioned.
Ludwig von Mises|A new type of superstition has got hold of people's minds, the worship of the state. People demand the exercise of the methods of coercion and compulsion, of violence and threat. Woe to anybody who does not bend his knee to the fashionable idols!
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|She was so wound up that she reacted before she thought twice about it and stabbed him. "Damnit" he said between clenched teeth. His fingers tightened around her wrist. "Stop doing that.
Hilary Boyd|That's not fair!" Charlotte said."I thought you were a grown lady -- you know life is neither fair nor kind.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|True religion is not just in the creed you profess, but its also in the life you lead.
Bill Gates|In my perfect day, I wake up next to the woman of my dreams, and she's crying tears of joy because she's so excited about the life we have together. I'm preparing to compete in the 2016 Olympics with U.S.A. Team Handball, so I head to an intense training session with my coach to increase my physical strength and athleticism.
Debasish Mridha|When you love yourself, then you are at peace. Wants or needs cannot destroy it
Catherine Townsend-Lyon, Addicted to Dimes|You don't have to make it big, but you do have to make a big impact.
Tre Cool|I'm not on Twitter or Facebook and don't even use email. I don't trust computers: one day they'll all break down, and everyone will be knackered.
Michael  Grant, Lies|your trouble is you. you came and get to know the facts ,which were not for you .now till end you will claim your share in to the story ,will remain as outsider
Lakshmy Menon Chatterjee|- Paddle Your Own CanoeVoyager upon life's sea,To yourself be true,And whatever your lot may be,Paddle your own canoe.Never, though the winds may rave,Falter or look back;But upon the darkest waveLeave a shining track.Paddle your own canoe.Nobly dare the wildest storm,Stem the hardest gale,Brave of heart and strong of armYou will never fail.When the world is cold and dark,Keep your aim in view;And toward the beacon work,Paddle your own canoe. .....Would you crush the giant wrong,In the world's free fight?With a spirit brave and strong,Battle for the right.And to break the chains that bindThe many to the fewTo enfranchise slavish mind,-Paddle your own canoe.Nothing great is lightly won,Nothing won is lost,Every good deed, nobly done,Will repay the cost.Leave to Heaven, in humble trust,All you will to do:But if succeed, you mustPaddle your own canoe.
Subodh Gupta, 7 Food Habits for Weight Loss Forever|One of the main arguments that I make is that although almost everyone accepts that it is morally wrong to inflict “unnecessary” suffering and death on animals, 99% of the suffering and death that we inflict on animals can be justified only by our pleasure, amusement, or convenience. For example, the best justification that we have for killing the billions of nonhumans that we eat every year is that we enjoy the taste of animal flesh and animal products. This is not an acceptable justification if we take seriously, as we purport to, that it is wrong to inflict unnecessary suffering or death on animals, and it illustrates the confused thinking that I characterize as our “moral schizophrenia” when it comes to nonhumans.A follow-up question that I often get is: “What about vivisection? Surely that use of animals is not merely for our pleasure, is it?”Vivisection, Part One: The “Necessity” of Vivisection | Animal Rights: The Abolitionist Approach
Cynthia Sue Larson, Quantum Jumps: An Extraordinary Science of Happiness and Prosperity|Social scientists and psychologists are conducting research studies that clearly show that when we behave and act as if we are happy, confident, healthy or in love, we become happy, confident, healthy and in love.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|William slapped him on the shoulder, sending Sex into rapturous convulsions. “Before we do this, I’ve got one question for you. And you can’t lie. This is too important.”A bit sick to his stomach at what such a debaucher could want to know, Paris cast his attention to the black-haired, blue-eyed he-devil. “Ask.”“Are you going to suggest I kiss you for good luck or strength or whatever it is your sex demon needs?”That earned the warrior a two-fingered salute.“So that’s a no?” William asked.Paris worked his jaw. “Here, let me help you off the cliff to the drawbridge.” With no more warning, he shoved William over the ledge. He thought he heard a fading, “ So not cool,” from the bastard as he fell…fell…Splat.
Marilyn Monroe, My Story|I could never pretend something I didn't feel. I could never make love if I didn't love, and if I loved I could no more hide the fact than change the color of my eyes.
Yancy Lael, Soulful Skincare: The ultimate guide to radically transforming your complexion|I had to learn the hard way that treating the skin like an A-bomb drop zone is completely counterproductive. And through my healing journey, I've discovered something miraculous: that moisturizers can heal in unimaginable ways.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan|Childhood is a tricky business. Usually, something goes wrong.
John    Hopkins, Lost Cactus: The First Treasury|Today, religion is systematized, formalized group worship. It’s packaged. We don’t live the divine any longer, we only hear or read about it.
Jane Goodall|It's absolutely clear that whatever cruel and unusual punishments may - may mean with regard to future things, such as death by injection or the electric chair, it's clear that - that the death penalty, in and of itself, is not considered cruel and unusual punishment.
Tony Campolo|I love being around my friends and my family and spending time with my husband. I like being normal and recharging my batteries, and I feel like I have the coolest job in the world where I get to get on stage and perform and get to do a lot of really amazing things.
Buffy Andrews|As I drove out the wrought iron gates I had entered, I noticed for the first time how intricate and beautiful they were. They were forged by hand so many years ago and had stood the test of time.
Christopher Marlowe|In Ohio seasons are theatrical. Each one enters like a prima donna, convinced its performance is the reason the world has people in it.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|If I hadn't worked up the courage to talk to Christy, she most likely would have been a pretty face that disappeared back into the crowd.
Cyril Connolly, The Unquiet Grave: A Word Cycle by Palinurus|It is significant comment on the victory of science over magic that were someone to say ‘if I put this pill in your beer it will explode,’ we might believe them; but were they to cry ‘if I pronounce this spell over your beer it will go flat,’ we should remain incredulous and Paracelsus, the Alchemists, Aleister Crowley and all the Magi have lived in vain. Yet when I read science I turn magical; when I study magic, scientific.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Those who seek only the rapture of divine union and quiescence of the mystic state are likewise not on our path. Such navel gazers lose the script for why they are even incarnated in the first place. To the sorcerer there is not much point in moments of primordial awareness if it does not carry over into the living levels of consciousness; no purpose to receiving the uncreated and clear light, if one cannot reflect it outward through world and deed; and no purpose in being a sovereign if you cannot leave the kingdom better than you found it.
Mary Kate|Watching my parents I've learnt a lesson many do not recognize. True love is not signaled by romantic, candle light dinners, red roses glistening with dew, or even Valentine's day celebrations. While these things may accompany our feelings, love is truly more than all those! Love is being with your spouse even when its not pleasing. Sometimes, love is walking down the hall, with your spouse hanging onto your shoulders and walking at a turtle's pace down the hall, just because surgery made life a burden. Love is patient, love is kind, love is Jesus! May we always remember love is not always tied in bows!﻿
Courtney Cole, Dante's Girl|See," he said, "the arrow struck against this. It is the kiss I gave her. It has saved her life.
W.B. Yeats|A robin redbreast in a cagePuts all heaven in a rage.A dove-house fill'd with doves and pigeonsShudders hell thro' all its regions.A dog starv'd at his master's gatePredicts the ruin of the state.A horse misused upon the roadCalls to heaven for human blood.Each outcry of the hunted hareA fibre from the brain does tear.A skylark wounded in the wing,A cherubim does cease to sing.The game-cock clipt and arm'd for fightDoes the rising sun affright.Every wolf's and lion's howlRaises from hell a human soul.- "Auguries of Innocence
Priscilla Shirer|Ministry is when the people who hear you, don't want more of you; they want more of Him because of what you've said. When you point them to God's fire instead of trying to get attention for yourself-that's ministry.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Komarr|Some virtues, when they become fashions, also become exaggerated. Just because nobody likes a judgmental attitude does not mean that there isn't a sort of spoiled, self-righteous hypocrisy when one man obsessively commands other men not to judge without knowing the circumstances without himself, too, knowing their circumstances behind their judgments.
Pico Iyer|On stage, you're not limited at all because you're free in language: language is the source of the imagination. You can travel farther in language than you can in any film.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|If you meet a man who deeply believes he knows it all, then you have succeeded in finding a man who's unwise.
David Self|I think, therefore a single fertilized egg cell can replicate itself into trillions of specialized and exquisitely organized cells.
Jen Hatmaker, 7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess|When my mother would tell me that she wanted me to have something because she as a child had never had it, I wanted, or I partly wanted, to give it back. All my life I continued to feel that bliss for me would have to imply my mother's deprivation or sacrifice. I don't think it would have occurred to her what a double emotion I felt. I could hardly bear my pleasure for the guilt. There is no wonder that a passion for independence sprang up in me at the earliest age. It took me a long time to manage the independence, (but) I have never managed to handle the guilt. In the act and the course of writing stories, these are the two springs, one bright, one dark, that feed the stream.
Howard Jacobson, The Finkler Question|I suspect you're thinking of Pascal,' Finkler said, finally.'Only he said the opposite. He said you might as well wager on God because that way, even if He doesn't exist, you've nothing to lose. Whereas if you wager against God and He does exist...' 'You're in the shit.
Richard Siken, Crush|If you love me, Henry, you don’t love me in a way I understand.
VicDo|It wouldn't be mind control, if you will know you've been under mind control.
nibin|Being naturalized to place means to live as if this is the land that feeds you, as if these are the streams from which you drink, that build your body and fill your spirit. To become naturalized is to know that your ancestors lie in this ground. Here you will give your gifts and meet your responsibilities. To become naturalized is to live as if your children’s future matters, to take care of the land as if our lives and the lives of all our relatives depend on it. Because they do.
Julie Garwood, Guardian Angel|Someday, my love, you're going to understand just how much I care for you. You're my light, my warmth, my other half. I only feel alive when I'm with you. I love you." Caine
Jenny Lee Ellison, Sand Knob through the Eyes of a Child|At the end of the school day, we walked the long, cold way home feeling happy and hungry. There we found a warm fire, country ham with gravy and hot biscuits, and a mother to hug us! If snow blew under the doors that night, what did it matter? Christmas time was just around the corner.
Tiffany L. Jackson, 12 Keys to Success for Misfits, Weirdos & Introverts: A Practical and Spiritual Guide to Understanding Your Place in the World|Public acceptance will never replace self-love. Nor will group membership add, create, or dictate your value.
|Instead of you trying to impress others, why don't you strive to become the one that people would love to positively impress?
César Milstein|I learned what research was all about as a research student [with] Stoppani ... Max Perutz, and ... Fred Sanger... From them, I always received an unspoken message which in my imagination I translated as 'Do good experiments, and don’t worry about the rest.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|The stars flash out of the dark and disappear, but not for people to see. We're just people. And we flash into life and disappear, but not for the stars to see. They're just stars.How strange, strange, strange. Being alive, feeling, thinking __
Ally Carter, Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover|This is where you first failed us. You gave us minds and told us not to think. You gave us curiosity and put a booby-trapped tree right in front of us. You gave us sex and told us not to do it. You played three-card monte with our souls from day one, and when we couldn't find the queen, you sent us to Hell to be tortured for eternity. That was your great plan for humanity? All you gave us here was daisies and fairy tales and you acted like that was enough. How were we supposed to resist evil when you didn't even tell us about it?
Derek Keck, The Kitchen Sinks of Yesterday Morning: The Urinal Cakes of Tomorrow|Then you think, is this a better world, closer to theone before you knew of wars—earth wars? Before you found that canary in its cagelaying, barely heaving. And you took it outside and said, Go Free! Go free!But it died there, right in your hands…like all of life.Is the ash in trees, babies, flowers, and visions of Godbetter than the visions themselves? Then you think,none of this is tangible or concrete. So you have another cigaretteand think about the (not one) but many ghosts you keep tucked away,under sheets, under beds, in notes, within other ghosts.
Yukio Mishima|[I]t is typical of Zen that its style of action has the strongest feeling of commitment, of "follow-through." It enters into everything wholeheartedly and freely without having to keep an eye on itself. It does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|Tegularius was a willful, moody person who refused to fit into his society. Every so often he would display the liveliness of his intellect. When highly stimulated he could be entrancing; his mordant wit sparkled and he overwhelmed everyone with the audacity and richness of his sometimes somber inspirations. But basically he was incurable, for he did not want to be cured; he cared nothing for co-ordination and a place in the scheme of things. He loved nothing but his freedom, his perpetual student status, and preferred spending his whole life as the unpredictable and obstinate loner, the gifted fool and nihilist, to following the path of subordination to the hierarchy and thus attaining peace. He cared nothing for peace, had no regard for the hierarchy, hardly minded reproof and isolation. Certainly he was a most inconvenient and indigestible component in a community whose idea was harmony and orderliness. But because of this very troublesomeness and indigestibility he was, in the midst of such a limpid and prearranged little world, a constant source of vital unrest, a reproach, an admonition and warning, a spur to new, bold, forbidden, intrepid ideas, an unruly, stubborn sheep in the herd.
Jan Jansen|A fortune teller told me if I can predict your future, You give me some small change, to which I replied why, he said, for my knowledge about Your life, I did not need that, he replied as I yours Father's and Mother can call by name than You give me money, which I answered as you come to me as a soothsayer and do not know whether I will or do not pay then You walk down on the wrong path for Your future, and are You a cheater.So please stop to tell stories about others when You not even know them in person or about their past for sure.A story from another is many time not based on the true, so let that story rest before till You know its a honest one, and not let lead it a way so it damage somebody's private life.This is not pointed to a person, but general in life.keep smiling and a good dayJan Jansen
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|The barren branches may appear inelegant: They are, to the cook, the means to make his fire.
Erin O'Connor|It's a little known fact that one in three family pets gets lost during its lifetime, and approximately 9 million pets enter shelters each year. That's why it's a wonderful thing to get your pet microchipped and registered with your contact information because then they can be located and the owners can track where their pets are.
Amy  Miller, Beyond Companionship: Connecting with Kindred Souls of Animal Companions.|...Everything that’s not asexual has two sexes, male and female. Most of the time it takes one of each to reproduce. Then there’s the whiptail lizard. This is a lizard that lives way the fuck out there in the middle of the desert, and sometimes it’s hard to find another lizard to mate with out there. Therefore, what the female whiptail can do is sort of make her eggs start dividing on their own. She makes daughters, clones of herself. It’s called parthenogenesis.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|If you draw the gun and don't shoot right, you're shot down!
Kathi Humphries|If truth be told, I came away ‘almost’ believing in their existence. (Author Nikki B. on 'ORPHANS - Time is running out' by Ian Dewar)
Walker Percy, Lost in the Cosmos: The Last Self-Help Book|If poets often commit suicide, it is not because their poems are bad but because they are good. Whoever heard of a bad poet committing suicide? The reader is only a little better off. The exhilaration of a good poem lasts twenty minutes, an hour at most.Unlike the scientist, the artist has reentry problems that are frequent and catastrophic.
John Wyndham|But he survived, that radio announcer. His ship and five others out of the flotilla of ten came through, a bit radioactive, but otherwise unharmed. And I understand that the first thing that happened to him when he reported back to his office after treatmentwas a reprimand for the use of overcolloquial language which had given offense to a number of listeners by its neglect of the Third Commandment.
Naomi Shibab Nye|You have any complaints or comments, you direct them to me. If you call and harass Granddadagain, I'll do whatever I can, legally, to revoke that trust fund you've been living off of for the lastthirty years.""You have no right to—""No, you have no right. You never worked a day for this company, any more than you and mymother worked a day to be parents. Until he's ready to step aside, Eli MacMillan runs this show. Andwhen he's ready to step aside, I'll run it. Believe me, I won't be as patient as he's been. You cause himone more moment's grief, and we'll have more than a phone conversation about it.""Are you threatening me? Do you plan to send someone after me like Tony Avano?""No, I know how to hit you where it hurts. I'll see to it all your major credit cards are canceled.Remember, you're not dealing with an old man now. Don't fuck with me."He jabbed the off button, considered heaving the phone, then spotted Sophia standing at the edgeof the patio.
Zoroaster|If I had but two loaves of bread, I would sell one and buy hyacinths, for they would feed my soul.
Denis Johnson, Train Dreams|In November, the trees are standing all sticks and bones. Without their leaves, how lovely they are, spreading their arms like dancers. They know it is time to be still.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Notorious Pleasures|Do you love me Hero?" His pale green eyes were full of torment. "Do you love me like I love you?
Nathaniel J. Williams|When I examined my own life, I realized that I had been standing at the foot of my mother's casket for 35 years, grieving her loss in so many ways in my daily life. I needed to reframe this challenging life event," admits Dr. Williams. "I reframed it to view my life as a train ride upon which my mother is with me. I hope I am taking her to places that surprise her and places she envisioned her children would go. Today she lives with me in a positive way.
Deyth Banger|Time is one ramp putting you in the place going down by bus, but if you decide on this stop to stop and to run backward you will be there, but in different time and day... But this what has happen makes a big scar, look me my father is dead 25 days + 3 = 28 days from his dead, he suicided 27, so yesterday was the 27 day…
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Fancy Pants|If you want me, you'll have to earn me. And, mister, I don't come cheap.
Harvey Ball|I still don't love the darkness, though I've learned to smile in it a little bit, now and then.
Kellie Elmore|Hold love like a butterfly, with gentle preservation. Hold life like the reigns of a wild stallion, with fierce assertion. Encompass that, and you find the nectar of the immortal spirit.
Dominic Riccitello|When someone says they love you, don’t believe it. Love is shown with actions and not words.
Roald Dahl, Danny the Champion of the World|I was glad my father was an eye-smiler. It meant he never gave me a fake smile because it's impossible to make your eyes twinkle if you aren't feeling twinkly yourself. A mouth-smile is different. You can fake a mouth-smile any time you want, simply by moving your lips. I've also learned that a real mouth-smile always has an eye-smile to go with it. So watch out, I say, when someone smiles at you but his eyes stay the same. It's sure to be a phony.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Keep a vigil on those who push you down always and leave them alone. Stay away from them so that you don't waste your precious time refuting them, trying to impress them or proving your point to them. Let them not occupy any free space in your mind.
H.G. Wells|Oh, Lord! don't I know it's difficult! ... Don't I know that perhaps it's impossible! But it's the only way to do it. Therefore, I say, let's try to get it done. And everybody says, 'difficult, difficult,' and nobody lifts a finger to try. And the only real difficulty is that everybody for one reason or another says that it's difficult. It's against human nature. Granted! Every decent thing is. It's socialism. Who cares?
Elizabeth George Speare, The Witch of Blackbird Pond|She snatched at the dream that had comforted her for so long. It was faded and thin, like a letter too often read.
Lee Child, Killing Floor|If I couldn't sleep, I could read.
Nick Cave|Man is certain of nothing but his ability to fail. It is the deepest faith we have, and the unbeliever- the blasphemer, the dissenter- will stimulate in us the most righteous of furies.
Chuck Close|I always enjoyed school, and I enjoyed being focused on learning - and I know that sounds nerdy, but there were so many wonderful elements of going to school with just girls. I wouldn't brush my hair.
Siobhan Davis, Light Of A Thousand Stars|I can feel Ari’s mounting excitement the farther we walk. She’s bouncing up and down like a kangaroo on speed. I feel the bulk of the box pressing against my leg as we walk, and I contemplate all that I’ve decided to tell her tonight. Lifting my head, I stare in awe at the light of a thousand stars illuminating the dark, night sky. The setting really couldn’t be any more romantic, any more perfect.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I feel as though I have leapt off this massive cliff and I am still building my wings… Everyone just assumes I know how to fly, but I am pretty sure I am only falling gracefully and hoping to miss the ground.
Mike Lew, Victims No Longer: Men Recovering from Incest and Other Sexual Child Abuse|At this very moment, you may be saying to yourself that you have any number of admirable qualities. You are a loyal friend, a caring person, someone who is smart, dependable, fun to be around. That’s wonderful, and I’m happy for you, but let me ask you this: are you being any of those things to yourself?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Ruthlessly, in despite of itself, the Enlightenment has extinguished any trace of its own self-consciousness. The only kind of thinking that is sufficiently hard to shatter myths is ultimately self-destructive.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|There is justice in the world, Peter Lake, but it cannot be had without mystery.
Nick Johnson|Millennials, and the generations that follow, are shaping technology. This generation has grown up with computing in the palm of their hands. They are more socially and globally connected through mobile Internet devices than any prior generation. And they don't question; they just learn.
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|They got under each of my shoulders and pulled me up, Padma walking in front of me and holding her arms out for good measure. I walked on my own, but I knew that if they hadn’t been there, I might have fallen more than once. Side by side, we marched into the Ocean, all of us crying for
Sam Harris|The lie detector didn’t react to anything I said, but I wouldn’t dare smile.
TaraShea Nesbit, The Wives of Los Alamos|Before we got married we asked our grandfathers, whose own marriages had lasted forty years or more, "What is the secret to a happy marriage? And they paused, looked down at their chicken salad, and said, 'You really have to like each other. After the attraction, you really have to like the person.'" ...our mothers tolds us...ask him how his day was. Take an interest in his profession.
John Dryden|I'm reading a book, because I'm brainy. No, it is a book - if you don't know, it is like a blog except bigger.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We must thank to the crazy people because by looking at their achievements or the failures, we can decide whether we have to inject some craziness to our own lives or not!
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|I should have learned many things from that experience, but when I look back on it, all I gained was one single, undeniable fact. That ultimately I am a person who can do evil. I never consciously tried to hurt anyone, yet good intentions notwithstanding, when necessity demanded, I could become completely self-centered, even cruel. I was the kind of person who could, using some plausible excuse, inflict on a person I cared for a wound that would never heal.
Jessye Norman|When defeat is inevitable, it is wisest to yield.
Lyle Lovett|Trust me, if I were gay I'd be getting more action than I'm getting now.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|When it comes to memories, the good and the bad never balance.
Salman Rushdie|Good film, television, or music keeps you awake, anxious for the next movement or act, and wanting more when it is finished.
Crystal Evans, Mama Brown's Family|I tell my christian relatives that "churchianity" is the central reason the church is not teeming with young people. The hypocrisy within the church is not concealed from this growing, informed generation. The arrogance among church goers is unnerving, Jesus was such a humble individual to begin with, he did not discriminate.
Kendal Rob|Your life you are living now is a creation of your mind, but if you search deep down you will discover the capacity to create an even better life ... try it!
F. Marco-Serrano, Making Sense of Social Media ROI: A Short Guide Focused on Sales, Marketing and Strategy|Which is what it all comes down to, I suppose—how you’re selling. Welcome to the twenty-first century, where the only opinion of you that matters is the one that isn’t your own. Rate My Tits. Rate My Ass. Rate My Children. Rate My Essential Being. 1 Star: Awful. This Being left me feeling like I wanted more.
Mahesh Ubhayakar, And So I Lived|In America, they make a lot of fuss over little things.
Geoffrey Karl Green|Wisdom is the closest to foolishness, a person can become so wise it leads him to become foolish.
John Malkovich|I think it's important that kids have responsibilities and understand the value of things, but I think it's great I get to travel the world with my daughter.
Confucius|The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
George Will|Politics is pop. Our job as comedians - especially me, as a late-night talk show, which is a broader audience - is to amplify what we think America is thinking.
Steve Harvey|Tobey's a mellow, cool guy. He's just a good guy. I know that's not the answer you want, and I don't mean that as the political thing to say, but he's a nice guy.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|This was trail magic. Sea Breeze’s fire, his light, his heat, his life, remained, their salvation. It is a fact that all drainages, if followed downhill, lead to the same lowland water body. Lost and fallen hikers follow drainages down because walking ridges is harder. And so, despite the complex web of paths, waterfalls, cliffs, as a hiker wanders downhill, drainages merge, faint, abstract paths coalesce, thicken, until there is one path – the one, natural, trodden way. It isn’t a coincidence that Sea Breeze, Brandon Day and Gina Allen, and countless other hikers all wandered, lost, down the same steep slope to nowhere.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|The partisan wants to change the law, the criminal break it; the anarch wants neither. He is not for or against the law. While not acknowledging the law, he does try to recognize it like the laws of nature, and he adjusts accordingly.
Craig Thompson, Blankets|Except heaven is a hope , and eden is a memory .
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|As nice an offer as that was, I'm afraid I'm not interested.""I see the job as your only chance for survival.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You still are? There go my plans! And the suit I had bought to attend your funeral. Well, well. Anyway, do call me up when you an't.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell|I will say nothing... against the course of my existence. But at bottom it has been nothing but pain and burden, and I can affirm that during the whole of my 75 years, I have not had four weeks of genuine well-being. It is but the perpetual rolling of a rock that must be raised up again forever.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|If you are going to share something with a person, first look on their social media accounts and see how they have handled other people trust. If someone has shared the secrets of others, they will share yours.
Steven Magee|Public Utility Commission (PUC), Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) and Federal Communications Commission (FCC) complaints are rarely upheld. It is estimated that less than 5% of complaints are successful and that the actual number may be below 1% in some cases.
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|Genuine collaboration is an environment that promotes communication, learning, maximum contribution, and innovation.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Don't blame you," said Marvin and counted five hundred and ninety-seven thousand million sheep before falling asleep again a second later.
Paris Hilton|In Hollywood, brides keep the bouquets and throw away the groom.
Terry Pratchett|It's political, sir. Apparently he wants a return to the values and traditions that made the city great, sir." "Does he _know_ what those values and traditions _were_?" said Vimes, aghast.
Larry Niven|One mark of a good officer, he remembered, was the ability to make quick decisions. If they happen to be right, so much the better
Linda Boone, Intimate Life Lessons; developing the intimacy with God you already have.|oaking” seems like a crazy word in an intimacy book. Yet that is exactly what you want to do in your relational time with Him, you want to “soak in and soak up” His presence, “soak in and soak up” His love. Soaking is positioning yourself before God for the sole purpose of experiencing His presence and His love for you.
Thomas Hardy, The Complete Poems|Though fervent was our vow,Though ruddily ran our pleasure,Bliss has fulfilled its measure,And sees its sentence now.Ache deep; but make no moans:Smile out; but stilly suffer:The paths of love are rougherThan thoroughfares of stones.
Charles Baudelaire|Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Eric Topol|I was told in many places of Osgar's bravery and Goll's strength and Conan's bitter tongue, and the arguments of Oisin and Patrick. And I have often been given the story of Oisin's journey to Tir-nan-Og, the Country of the Young, that is, as I am told, a fine place and everything that is good is in it.
Albert Einstein|You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat. You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles. Do you understand this? And radio operates exactly the same way: you send signals here, they receive them there. The only difference is that there is no cat.
H.L. Sudler, Summerville|The ocean drummed as loud as pulsating blood, eroding the sand, rushing the beach as if it had a point to prove. And like many things, it receded, was gone, and was replaced anew.
K.J. Charles|Do you remember—”“Fuck, yes.” Merrick stood. “And if you’re telling this story, I’m getting the bottle.
Michael Hayden|Intelligence collection is not confined to the communications of adversaries or of the guilty. Rather, it's about gaining information otherwise unavailable that would help keep Americans safe and free.
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|You said this was only the beginning, I didn't realize that meant starting a new chapter without you as part of my story.
Scott Russell Sanders, A Private History of Awe|God always knows our conscious, if it's bad He will stricken it, if it's good He will keep it clear, if you have no conscious then you're dead to God.
Christopher Hitchens|There is some relationship between the hunger for truth and the search for the right words. This struggle may be ultimately indefinable and even undecidable, but one damn well knows it when one sees it.
Neil Gaiman, The Sandman: Endless Nights|Sure thing, Gumdrop.
Hugh Downs|A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes.
Marc Wallice|Instead of yelling and spanking, which don't work anyway, I believe in finding creative ways to keep their attention - turning things into a game, for instance. And, when they do something good, positive reinforcement and praise.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life is supposedly filled with paths that enable unlimited choices, but that is a blatant lie. No one has free will until they are an adult, and by then the choices made for them have already set them on a passage that limits the choices they have yet to make.
Ashok  Kallarakkal|Some people simply REFUSE to be happy. If they were stuck in a tunnel you can show them the way out and give them a light, but they will just sit there complaining about how they got there. They are more willing to fight to STAY there instead of fighting to coming out. Okay it happened. Now what? Stop focusing so hard on how you got there, focus on how you're going to get out! Keep it moving!
Arthur Machen|No matter how hard Evil tries, it can never quite match up to the power of Good, because Evil is ultimately self-destructive. Evil may set out to corrupt others, but in the process corrupts itself.
Benjamin Franklin, Writings|You must resist the common urge toward the comforting narrative of divine law, toward fairy tales that imply some irrepressible justice. The enslaved were not bricks in your road, and their lives were not chapters in your redemptive history. They were people turned to fuel for the American machine. Enslavement was not destined to end, and it is wrong to claim our present circumstance—no matter how improved—as the redemption for the lives of people who never asked for the posthumous, untouchable glory of dying for their children. Our triumphs can never compensate for this.
Ernest Hemingway|The life you have built around you is a reflection of what is within you. If you don't like what you see, go inside.
George Zebrowski|In the Principia Mathematica, Bertrand Russell and Alfred Whitehead attempted to give a rigorous foundation to mathematics using formal logic as their basis. They began with what they considered to be axioms, and used those to derive theorems of increasing complexity. By page 362, they had established enough to prove "1 + 1 = 2.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|It didn't take a synthetic mind to decipher Caleb Shepperd, just a human one." ~ #1001
Stephen King, The Shining|The world's a hard place, Danny. It don't care. It don't hate you and me, but it don't love us, either. Terrible things happen in the world, and they're things no one can explain. Good people die in bad, painful ways and leave the folks that love them all alone. Sometimes it seems like it's only the bad people who stay healthy and prosper. The world don't love you, but your momma does and so do I.
Tessa Kiros, Limoncello and Linen Water|My mother always said - "Never run after a man or a bus - there is always another one coming.
Jacques Prévert|Even if happiness forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it.
C. JoyBell C.|I am not surprised of your goodbye, breaking heart and leaving behind; maybe these are what angels do for fun.
Tom Magliozzi, Car Talk Science: Mit Wants Its Diplomas Back|It turns out that we’re not the only ones who go out on a scientific limb as we discuss or attempt to discuss cars, car repairs and scientific education in America today.
Toni Morrison|I think some aspects of writing can be taught. Obviously, you can't teach vision or talent. But you can help with comfort.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|Psychopaths [make] the world go around...society [is] an expression of that particular sort of madness...I've always believed society to be a fundamentally rational thing, but what if it isn't? What if it is built on insanity?
Lou Holtz|Bebop and hip-hop, in so many ways, they're connected. A lot of rappers remind me so much of bebop guys in terms of improvisation, beats and rhymes. My dream is to see hip-hop incorporated in education. You've got the youth of the world in the palm of your hand.
Karen L. King|I’m less interested in proselytizing or a bigger tent for its own sake than in issues of human flourishing. What are the best conditions in which people live and flourish? It’s more the, How do we get along? What does it mean for living now?
Hans F hansen|You're surroundings can either be a reflection of you or you can end up being a reflection of your surroundings. Ultimately, one will occur noticeably or unnoticeably.
Camille Paglia|I didn't choose Goldberg because I wanted to be the flagship for the Jewish movement, not by any stretch of the imagination. I chose Goldberg because no one else can own it.
Vishwanath S J|Time is a strange phenomenon that understands the physics of our world, but never the chemistry of it
Paul D. Boyer|The countries who do the best in international comparisons, whether it's Finland or Japan, Denmark or Singapore, do well because they have professional teachers who are respected, and they also have family and community which support learning.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|If this book has a lesson, it is that we are awfully lucky to be here-and by 'we' I mean every living thing. To attain any kind of life in this universe of ours appears to be quite an achievement. As humans we are doubly lucky, of course: We enjoy not only the privilege of existence but also the singular ability to appreciate it and even, in a multitude of ways, to make it better. It is a talent we have only barely begun to grasp.
Abraham Lincoln|We must never be afraid to go too far, for truth lies beyond.
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, Small Portion: a little taste of poetry|Sublime wonders lie in store,I am shown a regal residence;a mighty kingdom, an empirewith more grandeur than before ...
Kate Capshaw|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|You do so much for me, my friend. I am truly blessed to have the friendship of someone as amazing as you. You are part of my life.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|He is fifteen and ten and five. He is an instant. He is flying back to her. He is hers again. She feels the weight of him in her chest as he comes into her arms. He is her son, her beloved child, and she takes him back.
James Baldwin|All the way, Zoe kept her chin up and pretended she wasn’t mortified, but his sour expression stayed with her. She wasn’t good at making American friends. She changed her language, conduct, and clothing, but it didn’t seem to matter. Whether she wore modest Middle-Eastern clothing or cute Western fashions, everyone knew she didn’t belong.
Jamaica Kincaid, Annie John|Out of the corner of one eye, I could see my mother. Out of the corner of the other eye, I could see her shadow on the wall, cast there by the lamplight. It was a big and solid shadow, and it looked so much like my mother that I became frightened. For I could not be sure whether for the rest of my life I would be able to tell when it was really my mother and when it was really her shadow standing between me and the rest of the world.
Josef Pieper|Scientist are human. Unraveling the knots of Nature's mysteries is a reward in itself; but even so, scientists like to hear the applause of the audience
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|What was she thinking?” muttered Alexander, closing his eyes and imagining his Tania.“She was determined. It was like some kind of a personal crusade with her,” Ina said. “She gave the doctor a liter of blood for you—”“Where did she get it from?”“Herself, of course.” Ina smiled. “Lucky for you, Major, our Nurse Metanova is a universal donor.”Of course she is, thought Alexander, keeping his eyes tightly shut.Ina continued. “The doctor told her she couldn’t give any more, and she said a liter wasn’t enough, and he said, ‘Yes, but you don’t have more to give,’ and she said, ‘I’ll make more,’ and he said, ‘No,’ and she said, ‘Yes,’ and in four hours, she gave him another half-liter of blood.”Alexander lay on his stomach and listened intently while Ina wrapped fresh gauze on his wound.He was barely breathing.“The doctor told her, ‘Tania, you’re wasting your time. Look at his burn. It’s going to get infected.’ There wasn’t enough penicillin to give to you, especially since your blood count was solow.” Alexander heard Ina chuckle in disbelief. “So I’m making my rounds late that night, and who do I find next to your bed? Tatiana. She’s sitting with a syringe in her arm, hooked up to acatheter, and I watch her, and I swear to God, you won’t believe it when I tell you, Major, but I see that the catheter is attached to the entry drip in your IV.” Ina’s eyes bulged. “I watch herdraining blood from the radial artery in her arm into your IV. I ran in and said, ‘Are you crazy? Are you out of your mind? You’re siphoning blood from yourself into him?’ She said to me inher calm, I-won’t-stand-for-any-argument voice, ‘Ina, if I don’t, he will die.’ I yelled at her. I said, ‘There are thirty soldiers in the critical wing who need sutures and bandages and their wounds cleaned. Why don’t you take care of them and let God take care of the dead?’ And she said, ‘He’s not dead. He is still alive, and while he is alive, he is mine.’ Can you believe it, Major? But that’s what she said. ‘Oh, for God’s sake,’ I said to her. ‘Fine, die yourself. I don’t care.’ But the next morning I went to complain to Dr. Sayers that she wasn’t following procedure,told him what she had done, and he ran to yell at her.” Ina lowered her voice to a sibilant, incredulous whisper. “We found her unconscious on the floor by your bed. She was in a dead faint, but you had taken a turn for the better. All your vital signs were up. And Tatiana got up from the floor, white as death itself, and said to the doctor coldly, ‘Maybe now you can give him the penicillin he needs?’ I could see the doctor was stunned. But he did. Gave you penicillin and more plasma and extra morphine. Then he operated on you, to get bits of the shell fragment outof you, and saved your kidney. And stitched you. And all that time she never left his side, or yours. He told her your bandages needed to be changed every three hours to help with drainage,to prevent infection. We had only two nurses in the terminal wing, me and her. I had to take care of all the other patients, while all she did was take care of you. For fifteen days and nights she unwrapped you and cleaned you and changed your dressings. Every three hours. She was a ghost by the end. But you made it. That’s when we moved you to critical care. I said to her, ‘Tania, this man ought to marry you for what you did for him,’ and she said, ‘You think so?’ ” Ina tutted again. Paused. “Are you all right, Major? Why are you crying?
Tony Vigorito|Free will is the cutting edge of Creation, don’t you see? The word spontaneity derives from the Latin sponte, meaning ‘of one’s free will.’ Spontaneity is the impulse, the purest expression of freedom, and the impulse wants to do whatever it wants to do. But you are afraid of what others think, others who are just as afraid of what you think, and so you pussyfoot along the perimeter of the free-will zone, wilting like a wallflower.
Thomas Sowell, Intellectuals and Society|Perhaps the media may not always be telling what to think, but it is always telling you what to think about.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|The point of your life is to point to Him. Whatever you are doing, God wants to be glorified, because this whole thing is His.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|To Tiffany's surprise, Nanny Ogg was weeping gently. Nanny took another swig from her flagon and wiped her eyes. 'Cryin' helps sometimes,' she said. 'No shame in tears for them as you've loved. Sometimes I remember one of my husbands and shed a tear or two. The memories're there to be treasured, and it's no good to get morbid-like about it.
Jim Rohn|You have two choices: You can make a living, or you can design a life.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Evictions were deserved, understood to be the outcome of individual failure. They “helped get rid of the riffraff,” some said. No one thought the poor more undeserving than the poor themselves.In years past, renters opposed landlords and saw themselves as a “class” with shared interests and a unified purpose. During the early twentieth century, tenants organized against evictions and unsanitary conditions. When landlords raised rents too often or too steeply, tenants went so far as to stage rent strikes. Strikers joined together to withhold rent and form picket lines, risking eviction, arrest, and beatings by hired thugs. They were not an especially radical bunch, these strikers. Most were ordinary mothers and fathers who believed landlords were entitled to modest rent increases and fair profits, but not “price gouging.” In New York City, the great rent wars of the Roaring Twenties forced a state legislature to impose rent controls that remain the country’s strongest to this day.Petitions, picket lines, civil disobedience—this kind of political mobilization required a certain shift in vision.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|A man is an angel that has become deranged, Joe Fernwright thought. Once they – all of them – had been genuine angels, and at that time they had had a choice between good and evil, so it was easy, easy being an angel. And then something happened. Something went wrong or broke down or failed. And they had become faced with the necessity of choosing not good or evil but the lesser of two evils, and so that had unhinged them and now each was a man.
Betsey Johnson|A miracle is really the only way to describe motherhood and giving birth. It's unbelievable how God has made us women and babies to endure and be able to do so much. A miracle, indeed. Such an incredible blessing.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|I am a creation of the establishment, I realise I’m not as strong as life itself, but I also realise death will suck me in. The eyes and fingers are pointing in my direction. For me, there is only one way – one road, one signpost; it reads, ‘Hell’. It’s a one-way ticket; there are no brakes on my vehicle, there is no way out, only one way in.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|She was neither happy nor unhappy, and that was why she couldn't go on.
Marianne Faithfull|I am always acting, be at a party, at work or in office. My attitude changes from meeting to meeting, from being serious to intense to funny, depending on who is in the room.
the mythical zoo animals in life legend and literature|Out there is South Dakota," Kitch had said, "Matt said they treated Fern like some kind of animal.
Chuck Jones|All the work that I do, whether or not it ends up being commercially successful or not, feels like the most important thing to me while I'm doing it. I try to take something away from every project, and so they all feel like milestones for one reason or another.
Chuck Wendig, Star Wars - Aftermath|I have no objection to the expression of political opinions in SF if they are an integral part of the story structure. I don't at all appreciate their intrusion for the purpose of converting a story into a political tract, because I consider that intellectually insulting.
Yangsze Choo, The Ghost Bride|The contrast between the realization of his neglect and the fondness I had for my father was painful".
Steven Spielberg|All my movies are about people with some ideology, but guess what? It never works out.
Jesse Jackson|My self-confidence can be measured out in teaspoons mixed into my poetry, and it still always tastes funny in my mouth.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I looked up from the ground and glared at Scarlett, who helped Steven stand up. “You bitch.” I growled, sitting up. She looked back at me and walked over to where I was. I kept my glare on her, and just as I was about to stand up, her foot came and hit me in the face. I flung back around and my vision started to blur as my head hit the ground. I heard the squishing noise of Scarlett’s heels against the wet ground and her say her last words to me: “See you in a while, Aiyanna. We’ll do lunch.” And then they were gone, just like that. That’s when I couldn’t hold on any longer and I let the blackness consume me.
Alice Walker|Dear Nettie, I don't write to God no more, I write to you.
Regina Brett, God Never Blinks: 50 Lessons for Life's Little Detours|Everyone is terrified of death, as we spend our whole lives avoiding it.
Lizzy Ford, Kiera's Moon|There was a silence. Elliot was surprised, because he would have thought the sound of every atom in his body exploding with indignation might make some noise.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Pour yourself a cup of steaming coffee, honey, then come pour yourself into me. I need you like you need your morning fix. You need me to breathe. And today I need you to love me like a storm. Love is the only thing that will heal our tormented hearts. Love is the only thing that will set us free.
Demosthenes|Was man wünscht, das glaubt auch jeder.
Melody Beattie, 52 Weeks of Conscious Contact|Emotion is not simply an overplus of feeling; it is life lived at white-heat, a state of wonder. To lose wonder is to lose the true element of religion.
Donna Lynn Hope|In a democracy private citizens see a man of their own rank in life who becomes possessed of riches and power in a few years; this spectacle excites their surprise and envy, and they are led to inquire how the person who was yesterday very equal is today their ruler. To attribute his rise to his talents or his virtues is unpleasant; for it is tacitly to acknowledge that they are themselves less virtuous and less talented than he was.
Iris Marion Young, On Female Body Experience: Throwing Like a Girl and Other Essays|Thus the activity of preservation should be distinguished from the nostalgia accompanying fantasies of a lost home from which the subject is separated and to which he seeks to return. Preservation entails remembrance, which is quite different from nostalgia.
Kathryn Lasky, The Siege|Otulissa swelled up to twice her normal size. 'Well, SPRINK ON YOUR SPRONK!
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree|Rarely if ever, moments come that are so defining in our lives. The years are glutted with benign matters which impact us more deeply than we could have ever imagined in our youth.
Tom Brady|My mom and dad used to tell me, 'You've got to see this film,' and they were influential to a high degree of the films I saw as a kid.
Pablo Neruda|Barrett is a bigger guy, not fat (not yet) but ursine, crimson of eye and lip; ginger-furred, possessed (he likes to think) of an enchanted sensual slyness, the prince transformed into wolf or lion, all slumbering large-pawed docility, awaiting, with avid yellow eyes, love’s first kiss.
Matt McGorry|The public character of every public servant is legitimate subject of discussion, and his fitness or unfitness for office may be fairly canvassed by any person.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Whether we know it or not, our lives are acts of imagination and the world is continually re-imagined through us.
Ronald Allen Schulz|Fear of breaking family loyalty is one of the greatest stumbling blockages to recovery. Yet, until we admit certain things we would rather excuse or deny, we cannot truly begin to put the past in the past, and leave it there once and for all. Unless we do that, we cannot even begin to think of having a future that is fully ours, untethered to the past, and we will be destined to repeat it.
Richelle Mead, Gameboard of the Gods|Did you bring me a rat?""He has no time for rats, George.""No time for rats? That's just sad.
Tanya Masse|Although the infertile are entitled to sour grapes, it's against the rules, isn't it, to actually have a baby and spend any time at all on that banished parallel life in which you didn't.
Tony Dovale|The biggest problem in AFRICA, is the government/public service leaders ensure that the education system teaches people WHAT to think, and NOT HOW TO THINK. It embeds a Fixed Mindest of Learned Helplessness. We can ReThink Resilience and psycap to transform the people, but the leaders won't be too happy when the voters can think beyond learned helplessness and a go beyond a limiting culture 2000 years out of date.We need to Rethink Education and culture in the digital age.
Bruce Lipton|Surely martyrs, irrespective of the special phase of the divine idea for which they gladly give up their bodies to torture and to death, are the truest heroes of history.
Bill Maher|If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you.
Otto Ernst Remer|The Islamic revolution in Iran is a positive development.At the same time, the Islamic revolution of Afghanistan, sprung exclusively fromspiritual roots, dealt a heavy blow to the communist regime in the former Soviet Union. In face of that revolution, the red Soviet empire had to concede that it is incapable, in spite of its military superiority, to defeat the Mujaheddin, whose main weapons were their right and their spiritual strength.Another quite new situation appeared as a consequence of the Islamic revolution in Iran, that destroyed the Zionist rule in that country and shook its foundations in that part of the world. Khomeini's letter to Gorbachev, in which he was inviting the latter to convert to Islam, had great symbolic power! What is new again is the movement of Islamic rebirth and the continuous decay of the strength of the colonial government bodies directed from afar by Israel in many Islamic countries.""The Islamic system has remained stable in Iran even after the death of Khomeini and the change in the person of the leader and of the leadership group the only one to remain stable in the entire Islamic world.On the contrary, the demise of the Shah meant at the same time the collapse of hisregime, his artificial form of government, and his army. All that went to the dust-bin ofhistory. The same fate awaits the other regimes that prevail in the muslim world. Israel knows that very well. She tries desperately to cause the wheel of history to stand still. However, any strike against Iran or against the growing Islamic movements, will cause the anger of the muslim masses to grow, and the fire of the Islamic revolution to ignite. Nobody will be able to suppress that revolution.
Thomas Bernhard, Gehen|Almost everybody we get together with about a matter, even if it is of the highest importance, is incompetent.
Jane Austen|When I look out on such a night as this, I feel as if there could be neither wickedness nor sorrow in the world; and there certainly would be less of both if the sublimity of Nature were more attended to, and people were carried more out of themselves by contemplating such a scene.
Stanley Hauerwas|To be effective the preacher's message must be alive; it must alarm, arouse, challenge; it must be God's present voice to a particular people.
Christopher J. Nolan, Inception: The Shooting Script|With respect to the acceptance of dissociative disorders, as with most issues in life, it is counterproductive to spend time trying to convince people of things they don't want to know.
David Hayter|War has changed.It's no longer about nations, ideologies, or ethnicity. It's an endless series of proxy battles, fought by mercenaries and machines.War--and it's consumption of life--has become a well-oiled machine.War has changed.ID-tagged soldiers carry ID-tagged weapons, use ID-tagged gear. Nanomachines inside their bodies enhance and regulate their abilities.Genetic control, information control, emotion control, battlefield control…everything is monitored and kept under control.War…has changed.The age of deterrence has become the age of control, all in the name of averting catastrophe from weapons of mass destruction, and he who controls the battlefield, controls history.War…has changed.When the battlefield is under total control, war becomes routine.
Andrew Weil, Spontaneous Healing|Precious is sleep, better to be of stone,while the oppression and the shame still last;not seeing and not hearing, I am blest;so do not wake me, hush! keep your voice down.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Murderers are not monsters, they're men. And that's the most frightening thing about them.
Mark Thompson|Imagine that you are stuck on a long train ride and must choose one of two books to read in order to pass the time: the first is a novel whose main character is an office worker who is essentially working to pay his monthly cable bill; the second is about someone who decides to travel in South America (and of course encounters various setbacks in the process), but who pushes beyond the boundaries of conventional American life. Which... book would you pick up to read? Indeed, which of the two characters would you rather be?
Rachel Vincent, Prey|You think he left a big flashing arrow pointing to a filing cabinet labeled 'Evidence Here!'? He's a Stray, Ethan, not Wile E. Coyote!
Friedrich A. Hayek|Under the attempt to perform the impossible there sets in a general disintegration. When legislation fails, those who look upon it as a sovereign remedy simply cry out for more legislation.A sound and wise statesmanship which recognizes and attempts to abide by its limitations will undoubtedly find itself displaced by that type of public official who promises much, talks much, legislates much, expends much, but accomplishes little.The deliberate, sound judgement of the country is likely to find it has been superseded by a popular whim.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|Gertrude, behind her, again had just one... That one little feather she had as a starter. But now that's enough, because now she is smarter.
Lailah Gifty Akita|During my PhD, I was depressed for eight-months, state of deep-worry.
Marlene Van Niekerk, Agaat|Every problem has one immediate cause, many remote causes, long term and short term effects
V Moody|Knowledge accumulated and lived inside of you. He wasn’t sure how it happened, but if you had the pieces of a puzzle in your mind, they would eventually drift close enough to fit together. It had happened too many times for him to doubt it. The answer always came. You just had to be able to recognise when it did. And then you had to figure out what to do with it. In some cases, it might come and go without you even noticing.
Atom Tate|The crux of Bible-Onlyism is that the Word became ink and dwelt among us, and we have only read about His glory.
Ray Bradbury, A Graveyard for Lunatics: Another Tale of Two Cities|When rationality begins to break down, the circuits of the human brain can overload. Axons grow bright and feverish. Hallucinations turn real: the quicksilver puddle at the point where perspective makes parallel lines seem to intersect is really there; the dead walk and talk; a rose begins to sing.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Yet, no matter how deeply I go down into myself, my God is dark, and like a webbing made of a hundred roots that drink in silence. I know that my trunk rose from his warmth, but that's all, because my branches hardly move at all near the ground, and just wave a little in the wind.
John Steinbeck, To a God Unknown|The wedding was in Monterey, a sombre boding ceremony in a little Protestant chapel. The church had so often seen two ripe bodies die by the process of marriage that it seemed to celebrate a mystic double death with its ritual.
Nandanie Phalgoo, Bodiless|♫ I learned a lesson today: never judge a person by the way they act, nor how they dress, or the way they have their disabilities. Because everyone on Earth suffers the same hell, whether in love or hate, life or death.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|Weird? Absurd? That’s how it seemed to me. I had these forces, these compunctions, these alternative personalities inside me, driving me. It was like being a jack-in-the-box and I was unsure which personality was going to jump out next: Billy, who thought of himself as a cowboy or a terrorist; Kato the cutter; anorexic Shirley, whose only self-indulgence was binge drinking and the occasional salad sandwich. I didn’t dislike Shirley. I was afraid of her. Shirley knew things I didn’t.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|You keep squintin' in Savage's dark corners, you gonna wish yourself blind.
Simon Armitage, The Death of King Arthur: A New Verse Translation|Oh dire, dreadful death, you drag your heels.Why dawdle and draw back? You drown my heart.
Jamie Magee, Embody|Living is painful. Without pain, reality would escape us and the lessons the world has for us will go untaught.
anne idris|Like all feelings felt for oneself, Mrs. Ramsay thought, it made one sad. It was so inadequate, what one could give in return; and what Rose felt was quite out of proportion to anything she actually was.
Ilchi Lee, Bird of the Soul| My beloved jay, give me a name now. call out the name you give me, looking into the deepest place in your heart. Everytime you call my name, I'll fly to you and be your wings.
Gael Garcia Bernal|As life runs on, the road grows strange with faces new - and near the end. The milestones into headstones change, Neath every one a friend.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 5: 1959-1960|I have deep feelings of depression... What can I do about this?''Snap out of it! Five cents, please.
Paul Tournier|To work with the hands or brain, according to our requirements and our capacities, to do that which lies before us to do, is more honorable than rank and title.
Terry Wogan|People can hate on you for doing what it is that makes you happy, but ultimately, it has to belong to you. It shouldn't matter what anyone else thinks. Life is not easy. The road to happiness is not a path well trotted. You have to find your own path to enlightenment.
Avery Flynn, Make Me Up|We can do slow and sweet later. I want you fast and rough, and I've been begging for a while now." She hooked a leg around his, bringing their bodies together as close as possible. "If you missed the memo, buddy, I've been trying to get you inside me half the day."With a low groan, he picked her up and lowered her to the bed, his mouth and tongue setting up a rhythm to match the fingers he slid inside her. "Not that," she said. "You. Now.""Bossy Cajun woman." He gave her a tousle-haired, lopsided grin as he rolled into the cradle of her thighs, positioning himself at her 'entrance...
Ehsaan Nashad|as i discovered, the path to sobriety is a precarious, complex journey. you obviously want to purge yourself of something that has been so destructive and has had such a grip on you. but in the deep recesses of your mind, you wonder if you will mourn the loss of this old friend that has been by your side for years. i know this sounds sick, but you actually find yourself wondering if your life is going to become quite boring without this crutch. of course, the yearning for true health far outweighs everything else. you know things are going to be better for you, for your loved ones, and for everyone you encounter. you will no longer have to hide things and live a lie. yes, that initial high of drugs and booze can be very, very attractive, but it's not worth the wrecked and trashed feeling you have the next morning. nor is it worth the cumulative toll it exacts from you.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|I think prime numbers are like life. They are very logical but you could never work out the rules, even if you spent all your time thinking about them
Sylvia Day, Reflected in You|What is it with you, sex, and modes of transportation?
Gabe Newell|Religious people today, compartmentalize their attitude to the Bible. They pay it lip service as a symbol of morality while getting their actual morality from more modern principles.
Rebecca Lobo|My mom still lives in Denver and some of my brothers are still in the area, so I still have strong ties there.
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|When in a negatively charged state, be careful about the decisions you make.
Claire Kent, Sweet the Sin|It’s complicated for me too. I know I’m not the man you might want me to be, for a serious relationship. But I want you so much, I don’t care. I want you, Kelly, and I can try to change, if you need me to. All of me is yours.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|Once the dust of volcanic love has settled and the harshness of a new reality has become oppressive, disillusionment may have to be mended, wounds to be healed and emotional fallouts to be taken care of, mindfully ( "Is that all there is ?")
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Movie and television stars lay down the law offashions, manners, speech, and even moral behavior. It has been proven that a movie or a television program can brainwash.
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|Feeling important is a vice, not a virtue, however concealed as participation in something noble.
Virat Kohli|Common wisdom dictates that the vice president should provide balance to the ticket by representing a different part of the country, another set of experiences, or a basketful of electoral votes.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Why question what Froi of Lumatere was doing here?' he asked.' When you should be questioning what would have happened to Charyn if he hadn't been here. Who else would have saved Gargarin of Abroi from the street lords? … 'Who would have saved Quintana of Charyn from hanging? Who would have rescued her from Tariq of Lascow's compound? Who would have sent her to a safe place to birth the cursebreaker? Blah, blah, blah. I'm bored now,' Finnikin said, looking around.
Brian Herbert, House Harkonnen|Quite possibly, the purpose of the universe is to provide a congenial home for self-conscious creatures who can ask profound questions and who can probe the nature of the universe itself.
Celia McMahon|Just as I had done, my father sleeps off and on for days. Sometimes I sit by the bed in Marta's house and stare at him until I feel like it isn't a dream anymore. Sometimes Jimmi joins me and sometimes, when I'm alone I weep and I am not sure why. Maybe it's because of everything I had been through to get to this point or maybe it was for everything I had lost. Part of me thinks that I should be glad for all of the things I had gained.But the hero doesn't get the reward. The hero pays the price. As it is in every story.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Be and Do what it takes to Have superb results. Nurture a mindset that works for you, rather than against you. Your inner thoughts determine your outer world.
Bob Newhart|I think that what comes through in Chicago humor is the affection. Even though you're poking fun at someone or something, there's still an affection for it.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|Tomorrow the rush of men, all working for a living, would drown him; but now, at this moment, in this soft green twilight, this soft green Sunday evening, when the heart of the world seemed to lie beating in the palm of his hand, he sat in that huge house upstairs terrified that he would never live.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Life is a procession of painful lessons, and how precious those lessons are; so precious that we rejoice in the bitter-sweet gift of life.
Syed Sharukh|Appear On Your Fear, It Will Disappear
Somya Kedia|With a little heartache; Gone with the time, Are certain memories, Intricately designed.To call & narrate A story of blissful sunshine.
Wole Soyinka|My early childhood memories center around this typical American country store and life in a small American town, including 4th of July celebrations marked by fireworks and patriotic music played from a pavilion bandstand.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|For we each of us deserve everything, every luxury that was ever piled in the tombs of the dead kings, and we each of us deserve nothing, not a mouthful of bread in hunger. Have we not eaten while another starved? Will you punish us for that? Will you reward us for the virtue of starving while others ate? No man earns punishment, no man earns reward. Free your mind of the idea of deserving, the idea of earning, and you will begin to be able to think.
Kathy Acker|I'm no longer a child and I still want to be, to live with the pirates. Because I want to live forever in wonder. The difference between me as a child and me as an adult is this and only this: when I was a child, I longed to travel into, to live in wonder. Now, I know, as much as I can know anything, that to travel into wonder is to be wonder. So it matters little whether I travel by plane, by rowboat, or by book. Or, by dream. I do not see, for there is no I to see. That is what the pirates know. There is only seeing and, in order to go to see, one must be a pirate.
Michael Dorris, Rooms in the House of Stone: The "Thistle" Series of Essays|In my lame pescetarian defense, it's very hard to be a girl and say you won't eat something. Refuse one plate of bacon-wrapped pork rinds and you're anorexic. Accept them and you're on the Atkins. Excuse yourself to go to the bathroom and you're bulimic. Best to keep perfectly still and bring an IV of fluids with you to dinner.
Mariane Pearl, A Mighty Heart: The Brave Life and Death of My Husband Danny Pearl|It's like Romeo & Juliet,' I say. 'You can't separate them. Otherwise, there would be no Shakespeare.' Silence. I decide to be more straightforward. I tell him, 'Nothing frightens me anymore. I am not even afraid to die.' Bussey's eyes, already wide open, grow even wider. My death is the last thing he needs. I have the strange feeling that there are two of me. One observes the conversation while the other does the talking. Everything is abnormal, especially this extreme calm that has taken me over. I try to explain to Bussey that if I decide to die, it will be without bitterness. I know I did everything I possibly could, so it will be respectful farewell. I will bow to life like an actor, who, having delivered his lines, bends deeply to his audience & retires. I tell Bussey that this decision has nothing to do with him, that it is entirely mine. I will choose either to live or to die, but I cannot allow myself to live in the in-between. I do not want to go through life like a ghost. 'Do you think you'll find Danny this way?' Bussey asks. My mind sifts through all available theories on the afterlife. It is as if this metaphysical question has become as real as the air we breathe. Buddhism teaches that life is an eternal cycle without beginning or end. I recall the metaphor: "Our individual lives are like waves produced from the great ocean that is the universe. The emergence of a wave is life, and its abatement is death. This rhythm repeats eternally." Finally I answer Bussey, 'No, I don't think so.' Bussey seems relieved, but I'm more panicky, because I had never thought that I could wind up alone. In my mind, whatever the odds, Danny & I were & would be together forever.
Anne Frank|So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservation, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality, nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Connection" was the cement of the governing class.
Kathi Lambrides Westlund, Prayer Pathway: Journeying in a Life of Prayer|Praise is pushing back my daily worries and impending tasks to acknowledge my always present, never changing God.
Michael Cunningham, Specimen Days|She's had a long life. Now she's going to the Lord." "Frankly it creeps me out a little when you say things like that," Simon said. "It shouldn't. If you don't like 'Lord,' pick another word. She's going home. She's going back to the party. Whatever you like." "I suppose you have some definite ideas about an afterlife." "Sure. We get reabsorbed into the earthly and celestial mechanism." "No heaven?" "That's heaven." "What about realms of glory? What about walking around in golden slippers?" "We abandon consciousness as if we were waking from a bad dream. We throw it off like clothes that never fit us right. It's an ecstatic release we're physically unable to apprehend while we're in our bodies. Orgasm is our best hint, but it's crude and minor by comparison.
Don DeLillo, Cosmopolis|In a society not characterised by class exploitation, the relationship between the processes of surplus-production and reproduction of labour-power is qualitatively distinct from that characterising societies in which exploitation dominates...surplus-labour is identified by the nature of its contribution to social reproduction, not by the fact that it is provately appropriated.
Bisco Hatori|That is what's meant by being afraid of the future, by showing how brilliant you come out of it.
Lea R. Caguinguin|If you want to be successful, you have to surround yourself with successful people or successful minds
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|It is time to put down the pen; time to clear the throat. Speaking is a different thing altogether from writing. The spoken word has different properties, and different powers. If I have learned anything from writing down my own tale, it is this.
Saint Teresa of Avila|But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
Theo James|In all my work, in the movies I write, the lyrics, the poetry, the prose, the essays, I am saying that we may encounter many defeats - maybe it's imperative that we encounter the defeats - but we are much stronger than we appear to be and maybe much better than we allow ourselves to be. Human beings are more alike than unalike.
|Count on people and risk being disappointed; count on God, and He would surely send some responsible people down your path.
Bob Dylan, Lyrics: 1962-2001|I know I'm a Third, I know it, if you want I'll go away so you don't have to be embarrassed in front of everybody, I'm sorry I lost the monitor and now you have three kids and no obvious explanation, so inconvenient for you, I'm sorry sorry sorry.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|This is what you get, Maura, for using your DNA to make a baby,” Calla said.
Katie Reus, Bound to Danger|I don't know,when they were giving out best friends at the carnival, he was all they had left-Nate
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|We are looking for value, guidance, advice, inspiration; for someone to show us the way. When we find him, he is our hero
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Do you love him?"There were only a few people in the world who could ask me such insanely personal questions without getting punched. Dimitri was one of them.
Noelle Crawford, Pinnacle of Glory|Optimism is a gift, but one that must be carefully controlled. Your hopeful optimism will get us all killed!
Ana Claudia Antunes|What did the soup say to the tea plate? "You're too shallow for me. I like deep dish to dip right into!" I still keep my British humour in good taste. No room for egos or rumours.
|Isn't it so sad that a lot of the teenagers of this generation know most of the lyrics to countless of worldly songs, but don't know any verse in the bible?
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|We live in a time that demands a discourse of both critique and possibility, one that recognizes that without an informed citizenry, collective struggle, and viable social movements, democracy will slip out of our reach and we will arrive at a new stage of history marked by the birth of an authoritarianism that not only disdains all vestiges of democracy but is more than willing to relegate it to a distant memory.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Jace shook his blond head in exasperation. "You had to make a crazy jail friend, didn't you? You couldn't just count ceiling tiles or tame a pet mouse like normal prisoners do?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There are a lot of people on this planet and, as a Christian, I like to believe that they all have to go somewhere. Let’s say that a half or three thirds will go to hell. But, what about the rest? "Mr. Wesley
Andrew Louth, Introducing Eastern Orthodox Theology|[To think for oneself] is the maxim of a reason never passive. The tendency to such passivity, and therefore to heteronomy of reason, is called prejudice; and the greatest prejudice of all is to represent nature as not subject to the rules that the understanding places at its basis by means of its own essential law, i.e. is superstition. Deliverance from superstition is called enlightenment; because although this name belongs to deliverance from prejudices in general, yet superstition especially (in sensu eminenti) deserves to be called a prejudice. For the blindness in which superstition places us, which it even imposes on us as an obligation, makes the need of being guided by others, and the consequent passive state of our reason, peculiarly noticeable.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I want a magical horse that fits in my pocket," Wil said. "And a ring of red amber that gives me power over demons. And an endless supply of cake.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Honor the freedom to celebrate Christmas, not alone - but, in the company of all those you love, too.
Joey Lawsin|In the mind of an ordinary, 1+1 = 2; but, in the mind of an extraordinary, 1+ 1 = 10.
Human Angels, We are human angels|The world is neither good nor bad.Don’t judge it, just love it.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|This book is to be neither an accusation nor a confession, and least of all an adventure, for death is not an adventure to those who stand face to face with it. It will try simply to tell of a generation of men who, even though they may have escaped shells, were destroyed by the war.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|But always when I was without a book, my soul would at once become disturbed, and my thoughts wandered. As I read, I began to call them together again and, as it were, laid a bait for my soul
Adam Mansbach|Learning from wolves to interact with pet dogs makes about as much sense as, 'I want to improve my parenting - let's see how the chimps do it!'
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Even more blood welled up and spilled down his arm, splattering onto the ground.“Camille’s carpet,” Magnus protested.“It’s blood,” said Will. “She ought to be thrilled.
Florence Welch|Anything that has a relationship with pleasure, we reject it. Eating, they talk about cholesterol; making love, they talk about AIDS; you talk about smoking, they talk about cancer. It's a very sick society that rejects pleasure.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Hope is the fuel within all human souls.Eliminate hope—nothing moves, nothing grows.
J.L. McCoy|I'm your worst damn nightmare, Skeletor. I'm a vampire killer with fangs and a grudge.
Abraham Lincoln|If you are going through hell, keep going.
Jonathan Edwards|All earthly desires are but streams, but God is the ocean. 
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|In a real love, mistakes are not consider because they are forgiven and forgotten.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|Never trust an Italian. The Nazis did that, and look where it got them.
Manasa Rao|The only thing I'm afraid of about this country is that its government will someday become so monstrous that the smallest person in it will be trampled underfoot, and then it wouldn't be worth living in
Sam Miller, A Strange Kind of Paradise: India Through Foreign Eyes|the English explorer Richard Burton told the story of an Englishman finding his new wife unconscious on the marital bed, having chloroformed herself. She had pinned a note to her nightdress which read: 'Mama says you're to do what you like.
A.S. Byatt|You like this darkness. You like learning me by feel.” Feeling very bold indeed, she nuzzled at him until she found his mouth with her own. “I like it too.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Stream Friends with Benefits Watch free streamsFor the younger era, they are resented to movies that are basically PC energized. There are 3D movies that are to a greater extent a presentation than an excursion into the story. Here and there the stories don't even need to be significant to turn into a hit. This workmanship that used to be the primary explanation behind films before is gradually vanishing. This is the reason the innovative headway of having the capacity to Watch Free Streams has incredibly helped the energy about past movies. There exists a solitary time charge for the administration, yet keep up as a top priority you just pay this charge when. There's no and not month to month bill like there exists with link or satellite. You get boundless access to many perfectly clear stations. On occasion you'll discover so various channels of Watch Free Streams and great’s things on you will go over it exceptionally hard to abandon it on one specific. Not a repulsive trouble to have. Watch Free Streams anticipates your tablet or desktop PC framework is all that much less costly than using typical link Telly or satellite TV for pc Television suppliers. You can locate no month to month charges included. To view Eagles, films, music, neighborhood stations, documentaries, comic drama, and organization bundles, you may need to acquire and set up this novel Watch Free Streams programming system. It is an application for Windows.Anyone can utilize it rapidly, since its truly natural and easy to use. You may have passage to more than 3 thousand Television stations from USA and in addition the planet. If you visit the website urlout.com
Izey Victoria Odiase|If they don't like you for who you are, it means they're not meant to be in your life.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Thought for the day: we have far too many of them. And we prize them too highly; more so than we do the power of silence, mindfulness and pure kindness.
Tennessee Williams|The apartment faces an alley and is entered by a fire-escape, a structure whose name is a touch of accidental poetic truth, for all of these huge buildings are always burning with the slow and implacable fires of human desperation.
Nicholas Boothman, How to Make Someone Fall in Love With You in 90 Minutes or Less|Just as with swimming or riding a bike, you can't really learn how to fall in love from reading a book not even this one. Sure you can read about the different swimming strokes or the parts of a bicycle; you can learn the theory and physics behind the sport. But to get to the heart of the matter you've got to leap in and learn by doing.
Richard Linklater|You know, Hitler wanted to be an artist. At eighteen he took his inheritance, seven hundred kronen, and moved to Vienna to live and study... Ever see one of his paintings? Neither have I. Resistance beat him. Call it overstatement but I'll say it anyway: it was easier for Hitler to start World War II than it was for him to face a blank square of canvas.
Gift Gugu Mona|When at work, be diligent because there are many people who wish they had your job, but they couldn't since you are the one who got.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|I mean, most people want to escape. Get out of their heads. Out of their lives. Stories are the easiest way to do that.
Michael Critchton|Cure the symptoms, cure the disease.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Major, I do not know why God does the things He does, but I believe you have the same duty to God as you have always had: to follow the right path, to live your life with a clear conscience.
Geoffrey Household, Rogue Male|Cats have a sort of game they play when they meet. A player alternates between watching the strange cat and ignoring her, grooming or examining everything around herself - a dead leaf, a cloud - with complete absorption. It is almost accidental how the two cats approach, a sidelong step and then the sitting again. This often ends in a flurry of spitting and slashing claws, too fast to see clearly, and then one or the other (or both) of the cats leap out of range. The game can have one exchange or many - and is not so different from the first meetings of women.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|We believed that it was most desirable that the North should win, we believed in the principle that the Union is indissoluable, we, or many of us at least, also believed that the conflict was inevitable, and that slavery had lasted long enough. But we equally believed that those who stood against us held just as sacred conviction that were the opposite of ours, and we respected them as every men with a heart must respect those who give all for their belief.
Roshan Sharma|The natural order of life is not the thinking and imagination, but living in the moment, with absolute trust.
Stephen Cosgrove, Squeakers|There are no regrets in life, just lessons.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|The truth is there are always three choices: the right one, the wrong one and the one that is called "No Choice". As you may guessed, the "No Choice" one is a rule of a bad interpreter.
Tim Fargo|People tell you that you cannot, because they do not.
Michael Caine|I have the humor of a 9-year-old boy, and sometimes I've had laughing fits on-air.
Robert Gottlieb|I would try to promote something that I loved, and the entire interview would be about my personal life. I would leave a room feeling defeated, feeling embarrassed, but I would always make sure to put that smile on my face because I wasn't going to let them get to me.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Things are sweeter when they're lost. I know--because once I wanted something and got it. It was the only thing I ever wanted badly, Dot, and when I got it it turned to dust in my hand.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|A few weeks after the worst day, I started writing lots of letters. I don't know why, but it was one of the only things that made my boots lighter.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|They had to call and callAnd pick the worms off me like sticky pearls.--From the poem "Lady Lazarus", written 23-29 October 1962
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|JJ glared at his slumbering frame. Long legs, lethal in denim, his button fly already enticingly popped, abdomen all ridged and naked, begging for a finger or a tongue to discover the hills and valleys, dark shaggy hair spread around his head like a freaking halo on her pillow. Well too damn bad for this broken-down angel. She was the one who’d worked her ass off until two am. Not him. And she wanted her bed back.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|If someone has wronged you, tell this to yourself: “I did not deserve God’s forgiveness, but He forgave me through Christ. So I forgive this person also.
Barbara Pym, Crampton Hodnet|She knew exactly how she ought to feel, for she was well read in our greater and lesser English poets, but the unfortunate fact was that she did not really like being kissed at all.
Paul Merton|The wonderful drama teacher at my high school, Barbara Patterson, saw me standing in the hall and told me I should audition for 'West Side Story.' I guess she thought I looked like a gang member.
Auliq-Ice|Entrepreneurship is all about making life easier for humanity, while money becomes a bye-product.
Neel Burton, The Art of Failure: The Anti Self-Help Guide|A man is rich not only by what he has, but also, and above all, by what he doesn't.
Camille Paglia, Break, Blow, Burn|As uncomfortable as it might be, I refuse to let the comfort of being agreed with suffocate my opinions.
Shannon L. Alder|I want to give a name to my would-be killer. What should I call him? Something that will ease his presence in my mind, make him look foolish, like he is of no threat and never was, which is in fact the truth. I don't want his real name, which is meaningless to me, but instead something I control, something I own, some way to own that piano-idiot who attacked me.
Ottessa Moshfegh, Eileen|Anyway, I don't trust those people who poke around sad people's minds and tell them how interesting it all is up there. It's not interesting.
Stephen Richards|Do not constantly question why your desires have not manifested, although you should keep a vibrational connection to them.
Pearl S. Buck|At the end of the line, lies a new beginning.
Bilal Hussain|Life....Isn't a roller coaster, it isn't unexpected or surprising. It's not a free ticket to go along for the ride... Simply put, Life is life. Its who you are, what you do that defines you and your life, so choose ... but choose wisely, because life is here to stay...
Skye Callahan, Irrevocable|Regret is a commonality that all humans share, I myself have many. Through out my life I have made many mistakes some little and some infinite. There are those you can change and those that change you. Regardless, its all really just woulda, shoulda, coulda. We do the best we can and mistakes are only lessons in disguise. I will flow through this life like water until I reach the sea of contentment and then all will be well......
Jimmy Carr|Faith is an island in the setting sun, But proof is the bottom line for everyone.
Katori Hall|This is easy to say with the benefit of hindsight, but I think it once again points out how very important style of leadership, that is the way he does what he does, is to his perception.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|And we were in our thirties. Well into the Age of Boredom, when nothing is new. Now, I’m not being self-pitying; it’s simply true. Newness, or whatever you want to call it, becomes a very scarce commodity after thirty. I think that’s unfair. If I were in charge of the human life span, I’d make sure to budget newness much more selectively, to ration it out. As it is now, it’s almost used up in the first three years of life. By then you’ve seen for the first time, tasted for the first time, held something for the first time. Learned to walk, talk, go to the bathroom. What have you got to look forward to that can compare with that? Sure, there’s school. Making friends. Falling in love. Learning to drive. Sex. Learning to trade. That has to carry you for the next twenty-five years. But after that? What’s the new excitement? Mastering your home computer? Figuring out how to work CompuServe? “Now, if it were up to me, I’d parcel out. So that, say, at thirty-five we just learned how to go on the potty. Imagine the feeling of accomplishment! They’d have office parties. "Did you hear? The vice president in charge of overseas development just went a whole week without his diaper. We’re buying him a gift." It’d be beautiful.
Jason Gray|God gave us feelings to feel them, not to judge them. He is the Judge.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You are going, Jane?""I am going, sir.""You are leaving me?""Yes.""You will not come? You will not be my comforter, my rescuer? My deep love, my wild woe, my frantic prayer, are all nothing to you?"What unutterable pathos was in his voice! How hard was it to reiterate firmly, "I am going!""Jane!""Mr. Rochester.""Withdraw then, I consent; but remember, you leave me here in anguish. Go up to your own room, think over all I have said, and, Jane, cast a glance on my sufferings; think of me."He turned away, he threw himself on his face on the sofa. "Oh, Jane! my hope, my love, my life!" broke in anguish from his lips. Then came a deep, strong sob.
Jorge Luis Borges|Ferrari: How odd, Borges, it seems that we are talking constantly through memory. Sometimes, our conversations remind me of a dialogue between two memories.Borges: In fact, that’s what it is. If we are something, we are our past, aren’t we? Our past is not what can be recorded in a biography or in the newspapers. Our past is our memory. That memory can be hidden or inaccurate—it doesn’t matter. It’s there, isn’t it? It can be a lie but that lie becomes part of our memory, part of us. (Conversations, Vol. 1)
Ruby Wax|It's an unfortunate word, 'depression', because the illness has nothing to do with feeling sad, sadness is on the human palette. Depression is a whole other beast. It's when your old personality has left town and been replaced by a block of cement with black tar oozing through your veins and mind. This is when you can't decide whether to get a manicure or jump off a cliff. It's all the same. When I was institutionalised I sat on a chair unable to move for three months, frozen in fear. To take a shower was inconceivable. What made it tolerable was while I was inside, I found my tribe - my people. They understood and unlike those who don't suffer, never get bored of you asking if it will ever go away? They can talk medication all hours, day and night; heaven to my ears.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|(Florence) Nightingale's passion for statistics enabled her to persuade the government of the importance of a whole series of health reforms. for example, many people had argued that training nurses was a waste of time, because patients cared for by trained nurses actually had a higher mortality rate than those treated by untrained staff. Nightingale, however, pointed out that this was only because more serious cases were being sent to those wards with trained nurses. If the intention is to compare the results from two groups, then it is essential to assign patients randomly to the two groups. Sure enough, when Nightingale set up trials in which patients were randomly assigned to trained and untrained nurses, it became clear that the cohort of patients treated by trained nurses fared much better than their counterparts in wards with untrained nurses.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|The silence, she thought, was remarkable: a perfect, shimmering thing, and fragile. Like glass, if it shattered, it would never come back together again.
T.S. Eliot, The Wasteland, Prufrock and Other Poems|There will be time, there will be timeTo prepare a face to meet the faces that you meet;There will be time to murder and create,And time for all the works and days of handsThat lift and drop a question on your plate;Time for you and time for me,And time yet for a hundred indecisions,And for a hundred visions and revisions,Before the taking of a toast and tea.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Men grieve [Mephistopheles] so with the days of their lamenting, [he] even hate[s] to plague them with [his] torments.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|When you can assume that your audience holds the same beliefs you do, you can relax and use more normal means of talking to it; when you have to assume that it does not, then you have to make your vision apparent by shock -- to the hard of hearing you shout, and for the almost-blind you draw large and startling figures.
William King Gregory|It was in the attempt to ascertain the interrelationships between species that experiments n genetics were first made. The words "evolution" and "origin of species" are now so intimately associated with the name of Darwin that we are apt to forger that the idea of common descent had been prominent in the mnds of naturalists before he wrote, and that, for more than half a century, zealous investigators had been devoting themselves to the experimental study of that possibility. Prominent among this group of experimenters may be mentioned Koelreauter, John Hunter, Herbert Knight, Gartner, Jordan. Naudin, Godron, Lecoq, Wichura--men whose names are familiar to every reader of Animals and Plants unders Domestication.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|first lay plans which will ensure victory, and then lead your army to battle;  if you will not begin with stratagem but rely on brute strength alone, victory will no longer be assured
N.D. Wilson, Notes From The Tilt-A-Whirl: Wide-Eyed Wonder in God's Spoken World|I want to be intoxicated by the darkened ether of midnight, running through my fingers as sparkling stardust. I crave the taste of the ocean's salty tears, as her temperamental tides crash and break against the rocks. I yearn for the sweet scent of sun on my skin and the earthy musk of dirt giving way under my bare feet. I want to lay naked in golden fields, as i gaze up at an endless sky, dreaming my dreams, as Mother Nature's love washes over me like spiritual sunshine.
Barry Ritholtz|The more I come to recognize my story's place in God's grander Story, my once-bewildered questions are turning to psalms of thanksgiving at the wonder that I have been included in what He is doing.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Walk the streets by moonlight, if you dare, and you will see sinners then. Watch when the night is dark, and the wind is howling, and the picklock is grating in the door, and you will see sinners then. Go to jail and walk through the wards, and see the men with heavy, over-hanging brows, men whom you would not like to meet out at night, and there are sinners there. Go to the Reformatories, and see those who have betrayed an early and a juvenile depravity, and you will see sinners there. Go across the seas to the place where a man will gnaw a bone upon which is reeking human flesh, and there is a sinner there. Go you where you will, and ransack earth to find sinners, for they are common enough; you may find them in every lane and street, of every city and town, and village and hamlet. It is for such that Jesus died. If you will select me the grossest specimen of humanity, if he be but born of woman, I will have hope of him yet, because the gospel of Christ is come to sinners, and Jesus Christ is come to seek and to save sinners. Electing love has selected some of the worst to be made the best. Redeeming love has bought, specially bought, many of the worst to be the reward of the Savior's passion. Effectual grace calls out and compels to come in many of the vilest of the vile.
António R. Damásio, Descartes' Error: Emotion, Reason and the Human Brain|The distinction between diseases of "brain" and "mind," between "neurological" problems and "psychological" or "psychiatric" ones, is an unfortunate cultural inheritance that permeates society and medicine. It reflects a basic ignorance of the relation between brain and mind. Diseases of the brain are seen as tragedies visited on people who cannot be blamed for their condition, while diseases of the mind, especially those that affect conduct and emotion, are seen as social inconveniences for which sufferers have much to answer. Individuals are to be blamed for their character flaws, defective emotional modulation, and so on; lack of willpower is supposed to be the primary problem.
Debasish Mridha|If someone hurts you, to take the revenge, love him.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Punctuality has been called a “homely, but solid virtue.” Although it is not fancy, it is a strong reflection of a person’s character.
Thom Gunn|I think that school just isn't for everyone. A lot of people don't learn well when they're - have to sit in a place for eight hours. A lot of people learn best lying in their own bed, teaching themselves from books. And I was a bad student. I was a brat. If I was a teacher, I would not have liked myself.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|How many miles to Babylon?Three score and ten!Can I get there by candle light?Yes, and back again!
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Every universe I’ve created lately, your face keeps popping up in it.
Anthony Liccione|Test-oriented teaching strikes me as anti-educational, a kind of unpleasant game that subverts the real aim of education: to waken a student to her or his potential, and to pursue a subject of considerable importance without restrictions imposed by anything except the inherent demands of the material.
Quentin R. Bufogle|The muse is fickle; ergo, when she knocks, ANSWER! It may take a while, but trust me, she WILL knock. In the meantime, keep your ear pressed firmly to the door.
Stella Payton|What dreams lie dormant hidden in the womb of your soul, quietly waiting, incubating seeking opportunity to come forth? Like the female cycle that comes every 28 days, over and over again, dreams come to rest in the soil of your mind. They compel you. They disturb you. They haunt you with visions of possibility. They prompt you to walk restlessly through life knowing that you may someday stop, listen and decide to nourish them with faith and action. Yield to the silent urging. Listen. Hear. Receive.Let the dream speak. For it will burst forth from the womb of your spirit. It frees into existence something that lives, brooding in the corner your mind. Hold the seed. Grow the seed. Birth the seed. And life will begin anew.
Daniel Waterman|My book contains texts that I wrote during college, medical school and during my residency of neurosurgery. I could set the book �Thoughts from the hospital" as clippings thoughts
Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady|I should think that to hear such lovely music as that would really make him feel better."The lady gave a discriminating smile.	“I am afraid there are moments in life when even Beethoven has nothing to say to us. We must admit, however, that they are our worst moments.
Charles Finck, As We Forgive Those|Understanding is used too often as a convenient means to avoid and sidestep the process of acknowledging the hurts and wounds (which makes forgiving more effective). We cannot truly forgive until we admit that the offense is as wounding as it really is, and therefore really does need to be forgiven. When understanding becomes the substitute not only for forgiving but for sharing about feelings, healing does not occur.
George Alexiou|What is given to you is what is needed; what you want, requires giving up what you don't need.
Bryan Fields, Dragon's Luck: The Dragonbound Chronicles|When a Dragon, an Elf, and a Human walk into a bar, the Human is always going to be the punch line.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|But, even granted that doubts, raised in the course of time against the tenants of the Christian faith, have long since robbed you of faith in the immortality of your spirit, you have nevertheless left one tenant undisturbed, and still ingenuously adhere to the one truth, that the spirit is your better part, and that the spiritual has greater claims on you than anything else
Robert Louis Stevenson|I wished a companion to lie near me in the starlight, silent and not moving, but ever within touch. For there is a fellowship more quiet even than solitude, and which, rightly understood, is solitude made perfect.
Auliq-Ice|Exercising the Body is great, But exercising the Mind is the GREATEST.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|In 1995, each cast at The Second City was made up of four men and two women. When it was suggested that they switch one of the companies to three men and three women, the producers and directors had the same panicked reaction. 'You can't do that. There won't be enough parts to go around. There won't be enough for the girls.' This made no sense to me, probably because I speak English and have never had a head injury. We weren't doing _Death of a Salesman._ _We were making up the show ourselves. How could there not be enough parts?_ If everyone had something to contribute, there would be enough. The insulting implication, of course, was that the women wouldn't have any ideas.
Deborah Moggach|The failure of national economic policy is costing us more than jobs; it has begun to weaken that uniquely American spirit of risk-taking, large ambition, and optimism about the future. We must rally them now to bold departures that rebuild our national morale as well as our material prosperity.
Michael Copperman|Our Negro problem, therefore, is not of the Negro's making. No group in our population is less responsible for its existence. But every group is responsible for its continuance.... Both races need to understand that their rights and duties are mutual and equal and their interests in the common good are idential.... There is no help or healing in apparaising past responsibilities or in present apportioning of praise or blame. The past is of value only as it aids in understanding the present; and an understanding of the facts of the problem--a magnanimous understanding by both races--is the first step toward its solution.
Liza Lugo|In working-class France, when an apprentice got hurt, or when he got tired, the experienced workers said "It is the trade entering his body.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|So much done and so much learned, but so much more to do and see, and learn.
L'Wren Scott|When you're 8 years old, and you've become subconsciously familiar with the layout and design of Black Sparrow books, and you know the difference between Miles Davis and John Coltrane, something is bound to stick.
William Hurrell Mallock, In An Enchanted Island: Or A Winter's Retreat In Cyprus|And with distance in time it is the same as with distance in place. The imagination has its atmosphere and its sunlight as well as the earth has; only its mists are even more gorgeous and delicate, its aerial perspectives are even more wide and profound. It also transifgures and beautifies things in far more various ways. For the imagination is all senses in one; it is sight, it is smell, it is hearing; it is memory, regret, and passion. Everything goes to nourish it, from first love to literature - literature, which, for cultivated people, is the imagination's gastric juice.
Gary Chapman, Things I Wish I'd Known Before We Got Married|When your stomach turns somersaults every time you see your love interest, when you can go without eating for half a day because you can't think of anything else, and when the sound of her voice blocks out every possible distraction each time you hear it...then logic's role becomes a very minor one.
Alexis  Hall, Shadows & Dreams|And Sky?” he asked, his voice soft. “Yes?”“Maybe you don’t need me, but I need you.
Anne Holm, I Am David|Before he had come to the town he had known about nothing but death: here he had learnt to live, to decide things for himself; he had learnt what it felt like to wash in clean water in the sunshine until he was clean himself, and what it felt like to satisfy his hunger with food that tasted good; he had learnt the sound of laughter that was free from cruelty; he had learnt the meaning of beauty
Daryl Hall|Data can generally travel the speed of light unless networks are congested. When there's congestion, usually the cheapest and best thing is simply to add capacity generally, not to prioritize certain sites over others.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bait and Switch: The (Futile) Pursuit of the American Dream|Behind your reaction is a feeling that whatever is 'true' must be able to be expressed logically. Men, in particular, have a tendency to confuse correct logic with an accurate assessment of a situation. Be careful of any situation that you have to reason through logically, because if you have to work to reason it out, you're probably missing something.
Liz Rosenberg, The Laws of Gravity|Sometimes opposites attract, or so they say, but Paloma and Rocío were like arroz and mangú: they didn’t really mix well.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|Il dolore aveva un suo modo di scomporre il tempo. Pensavo al minuto successivo, all'ora successiva. Non c'era abbastanza spazio nella mia mente per mettere insieme tutti quei pezzi, per trovare le parole per riassumerla nella sua interezza.Ma la parte dell'"andare avanti", per quella le parole le avevo.'Trova un modo per andare avanti' dissi. 'Non deve necessariamente essere buono, o nobile. Basta che sia un motivo.'Conoscevo il mio: c'era una fame dentro di me e c'era sempre stata. Una fame più forte del dolore, più forte dell'orrore. Continuava a mordere anche dopo che ogni altra cosa dentro di me si era arresa. E quando finalmente le diedi un nome, scoprii che era qualcosa di molto semplice: desiderio di vivere.
George Herman, A Comedy of Murders|She said when a boy and a girl dog copulate, the head of the boy's penis swells and the vaginal muscles of the girl constrict. Even after sex, both dogs remain locked together, helpless and miserable for a brief period of time.The Mommy said this same scenario described most marriages.
Gore Vidal, Death in the Fifth Position|There is something about the state putting the power to bully into the hands of subnormal, sadistic apes that makes my blood boil.
Avijeet Das|Foolishness, that's the word for humor. To be stupid it's not a talent or something which should be paid attention it is showing what mankind is really. If you want this join this!
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I’ve seen you in action, BB. You get turned on by danger. You are seeking danger. The only reason you’re with me is the risk of getting caught by your wife.”Ingrid aka ‘Alis K’The Informer by Steen Langstrup
Patricia Grasso, Courting an Angel|How does a woman gain such wisdom in only twenty-nine years?” Gordon asked, escorting her across the lawns toward the mansion.“The same way a man does."“Which is?"Lady Keely cast him an ambiguous smile. “Either you are born with wisdom, my lord, or you make dowithout it...
Monika Basile|This is what labels do. They stick. If people think you're MAD, then everything you do, everything you think will have MAD stamped across it.
Gudjon Bergmann, Empowerment Basics|Managing time is an essential part of making life simpler. Time should be valued and treated as the limited resource it is. Through prioritizing and planning, time management becomes an integral part of day to day activities.
Eric Hansen, Stranger in the Forest: On Foot Across Borneo|All ethics and morals are culturally relative. And Esme's reaction taught me that while cultural relativism is an easy concept to process intellectually, it is not, for many, an easy one to remember.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Love makes you do,the best of things.Love makes you do, the worst of things,It's a feeling extreme,that doesn't exist in between.
Susan Sontag, On Photography|The camera makes you forget you're there. It's not like you are hiding but you forget, you are just looking so much.
Robert Baden-Powell|When we consistently suppress and distrust our intuitive knowingness, looking instead for authority, validation, and approval from others, we give our personal power away.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Questions are as supple as willow wands, it's easy to brush by them and slip them aside, and no one the worse for it.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Philip thought that in throwing over the desire for happiness he was casting aside the last of his illusions. His life had seemed horrible when it was measured by its happiness, but now he seemed to gather strength as he realised that it might be measured by something else. Happiness mattered as little as pain. They came in, both of them, as all the other details of his life came in, to the elaboration of the design. He seemed for an instant to stand above the accidents of his existence, and he felt that they could not affect him again as they had done before. Whatever happened to him now would be one more motive to add to the complexity of the pattern, and when the end approached he would rejoice in its completion. It would be a work of art, and it would be none the less beautiful because he alone knew of its existence, and with his death it would at once cease to be.
Tony Curl|I'm not convinced that the universe is balanced. Maybe for the universe to be balanced, first we need to be balanced, becauseit's only then can balance really be delivered. I'm pretty sure if I view the world as a bitter, twisted individual, all I will meet are other bitter, twisted people. When I acknowledge my emtions, but embrace awareness I find balance. When I fight my emotions I find imbalance.
Ludwig von Mises|Keep in mind, we are past the age of enlightenment. This is past reason. We are pretty deep into modern history and the decline of religion. This is when nature itself has been stripped bare of its cozy personality and we all feel homeless in our natures as well."The Limits Of The World
Stephen Richards, Psycho Stephen|Looking as sharp as Sweeney Todd’s razor, Roger struck a formidable figure as he donned his smart clothes and tie. At times, he would often talk of the night of his career when he fought John Conteh. He took the defeat of that match very personally and would often punch out a drunk who scoffed at his midlands accent and his past pride and glory.
Andy Warhol, Andy Warhol in His Own Words|When people are ready to, they change. They never do it before then, and sometimes they die before they get around to it. You can't make them change if they don't want to, just like when they do want to, you can't stop them.
