Jeff Rasley, Polarized! the Case for Civility in the Time of Trump: An Experiment in Civil Discourse on Facebook|My commitment is to urge us all toward moderation and good will toward fellow citizens. If we can set aside unworthy emotions that deepen our political divide, concentrate on finding solutions to the problems our country and communities face, we can then work toward a brighter future with less rancor but firm in our purpose. Or, we can feed our primitive fight or flight impulse by lashing out in social media and then duck into our silos. If we do that, the unhealthy polarization of the time of Trump will get even worse.
Giacomo Casanova|If you have not done things worthy of being written about, at least write things worthy of being read.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is the gift of being able to do something, so use it
Sami Abouzid|When You Feel like Quitting, Remember those who told you, you’ll never make it.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|She had dispersed. She was the garden at Prem Nivas (soon to be entered into the annual Flower Show), she was Veena's love of music, Pran's asthma, Maan's generosity, the survival of some refugees four years ago, the neem leaves that would preserve quilts stored in the great zinc trunks of Prem Nivas, the moulting feather of some pond-heron, a small unrung brass bell, the memory of decency in an indecent time, the temperament of Bhaskar's great-grandchildren. Indeed, for all the Minsisster of Revenue's impatience with her, she was his regret.And it was right that she should continue to be so, for he should have treated her better while she lived, the poor, ignorant, grieving fool.
Eugene H. Peterson|Today I am the happiest man in the world, my son was born and thanks to God for this gift.
Jennette McCurdy|Originally, the burden of proof was on physicists to prove that time travel was possible. Now the burden of proof is on physicists to prove there must be a law forbidding time travel.
Origen|Radical constructivism, thus, is radical because it breaks with convention and develops a theory of knowledge in which knowledge does not reflect an 'objective' ontological reality.
Bradley B. Dalina|Best man describes himself by remarkable actions, not by persuasive words.
Keri Hulme|She has this curious heavy grace, like something out of its element making do in a heavier medium. Like she should be living in water.
Sherwood Smith, Court Duel|No, I don't think I could fall in love with him, handsome though he is, because I don't accept any of that huff he gives me about my great beauty and all that. I'd have to trust a man's words before I could love him. I think.
Clara E. Laughlin|In the evening, the tarantella dancers will come to the hotel; perhaps they'll dance and sing in the courtyard that is dripping with wistaria blooms and pungent with citrus perfumes. They wear gay costumes, these who sing and dance for us to keep alive the romance of other days; and they are full of that joy in living which seems the gift of these siren shores.
James Caskey, Haunted Savannah: America's Most Spectral City|I am perfectly convinced that I have both seen, and heard in a manner which should make unbelief impossible, things called spiritual which cannot be taken by a rational being to be capable of explanation by imposture, coincidence, or mistake.
Criss Jami, Healology|When one considers how vast and how close to us is the problem of existence—this equivocal, tortured, fleeting, dream-like existence of ours—so vast and so close that a man no sooner discovers it than it overshadows and obscures all other problems and aims; and when one sees how all men, with few and rare exceptions, have no clear consciousness of the problem, nay, seem to be quite unaware of its presence, but busy themselves with everything rather than with this, and live on, taking no thought but for the passing day and the hardly longer span of their own personal future, either expressly discarding the problem or else over-ready to come to terms with it by adopting some system of popular metaphysics and letting it satisfy them; when, I say, one takes all this to heart, one may come to the opinion that man may be said to be a thinking being only in a very remote sense, and henceforth feel no special surprise at any trait of human thoughtlessness or folly; but know, rather, that the normal man’s intellectual range of vision does indeed extend beyond that of the brute, whose whole existence is, as it were, a continual present, with no consciousness of the past or the future, but not such an immeasurable distance as is generally supposed.
Kanye West|I love children and I get along with them great. It's just that I believe if you're going to be a parent, there has to be something inside you that says, 'I want a family.' I don't feel that sense of urgency.
Deyth Banger|We are all on the same tree on big and large, different levels and how far you go above as more you have to see, one wrong move you fall..., most cases you face the dead.
Caitlin Moran|Suddenly, she doesn't want to die. She has no real reason not to, no sudden revelation, except that it's equally pointless to die as not to die. Why doesn't she die? She lives because she's meant to live, because she's already alive and it's comparatively easy to stay that way. She lives because, even though she doesn't know what it is, there must be a reason why she's here in the first place. She lives because either she's not as brave as all the dead girls who've gone before her, or she's actually braver - it's hard to tell.
Vaslav Nijinsky, The Diary of Vaslav Nijinsky|As he stood up and gathered his attaché case and notebook, I reminded him that it had already been three weeks -- and counting.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|Thus, death begets death; evil begets evil.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Alecto Sydney Steele, an entity of few words whom society managed to overlook as it rapidly dove into the 21st century. Everything about him, his interests, his friends, his own life, was constantly in danger of becoming an anachronism. And caught up in that mess was Mearth, not exactly evil in nature but just misunderstood. A very long time ago Alecto’s life had been all incandescent sparkles and Kodachrome, but that was before the environmental movement changed Mearth from a perfectly nice and kind guardian, to a deranged and malevolent monster.
Olivier Magny, Into Wine: An Invitation to Pleasure|Zombies weren't the true plague of the world, laziness was.
Deyth Banger|I call you children because that is what you are. You have not fended for yourselves, you have not felt the terrible blows that life gives you. As we speak, there is hatred and prejudice residing in our world's heart. Now a man can make a difference in the world, even if it is a small one. We all have fates, including me. We can choose to make that fate one that will bring hope, or one that will bring destruction. Times are changing, and we must grow wiser for it. So now I must encourage you- I must beg you-when you leave these school walls and enter this world, to not be as idiotic and imbecilic as the generation before you.
Dada Bhagwan|The one who blesses the winner, after having lost himself, will attain liberation (moksha); he will become “complete”.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|There is a morality of reason, a morality proper to man, and Man’s Life is its standard of value.All that which is proper to the life of a rational being is the good; all that which destroys it is the evil.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Sustainable change, after all, depends not upon compliance with external mandates or blind adherence to regulation, but rather upon the pursuit of the greater good.
Mara Amberly, Fire and Gold|The knife; tool of the Thief, Skeben. I believe this is a mark of the prisoner’s guilt.”There was a howl of “no!” from the prisoner. For the first time, Minister Terell smiled.“The last rune,” Alexa said, louder. The disc had a simple circle with a dot at its heart. “It’s a mark of the world and the path. What ends will begin anew.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Games|I don't want you to think about anyone in your past. No now, not ever again. You deserved a hell of a lot more than any of those bastards gave you."	"If it helps," she said with a faint smile, "I killed most of them.
Sayara St. Clair, Yearn For You|LOGAN: You see, Blake, the thing is, I don’t give a sh*t what other people think.
Christopher Paolini|Keep in mind, Eragon, that no one thinks himself a villain, and few make decisions they think are wrong. A person may dislike his choice, but he will stand by it because, even in the worst circumstances, he believes that it was the best option available to him at the time.
Dorothy Dix|Confession is always weakness. The grave soul keeps its own secrets, and takes its own punishment in silence.
Miya Yamanouchi|They say, timing is everything. But then they say, there is never a perfect time for anything.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|The tragedy of Hetty is a ‘collide’ between the free will and male dominant society or nobility or religion. If her conduct is bad and cause of her tragedy then where is the tragedy of A.D. So as a moralist, GE demands a way for ‘Hetty like human beings’ in set society.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|Why do I take a blade and slash my arms? Why do I drink myself into a stupor? Why do I swallow bottles of pills and end up in A&E having my stomach pumped? Am I seeking attention? Showing off? The pain of the cuts releases the mental pain of the memories, but the pain of healing lasts weeks. After every self-harming or overdosing incident I run the risk of being sectioned and returned to a psychiatric institution, a harrowing prospect I would not recommend to anyone.So, why do I do it? I don't. If I had power over the alters, I'd stop them. I don't have that power. When they are out, they're out. I experience blank spells and lose time, consciousness, dignity. If I, Alice Jamieson, wanted attention, I would have completed my PhD and started to climb the academic career ladder. Flaunting the label 'doctor' is more attention-grabbing that lying drained of hope in hospital with steri-strips up your arms and the vile taste of liquid charcoal absorbing the chemicals in your stomach. In most things we do, we anticipate some reward or payment. We study for status and to get better jobs; we work for money; our children are little mirrors of our social standing; the charity donation and trip to Oxfam make us feel good. Every kindness carries the potential gift of a responding kindness: you reap what you sow. There is no advantage in my harming myself; no reason for me to invent delusional memories of incest and ritual abuse. There is nothing to be gained in an A&E department.
Andra Day|I'm not a fan of the working class being mocked, including by some of our famous writers - even those who came from it.
Antony Jay, The Complete Yes Minister|He’s suffering from Politician’s Logic. Something must be done, this is something, therefore we must do it.
Kaitlyn O'Connor, When Night Falls|Certainly, we can no longer look upon the canon of Western art - Greco-Roman as revived, extended, and graced by the Renaissance - as -the- tradition in art, or even any longer as distinctly and uniquely -ours-. That canon is in fact only one tradition among many, and indeed in its strict adherence to representational form is rather the exception in the whole gallery of -human- art. Such an extension of the resources of the past, for the modern artist, implies a different and more comprehensive understanding of the term "human" itself: a Sumerian figure of a fertility goddess is as "human" to us as a Greek Aphrodite. When the sensibility of an age can accommodate the alien "inhuman" forms of primitive art side by side with the classic "human" figures of Greece or the Renaissance, it should be obvious that the attitude toward man that we call classical humanism - which is the intellectual expression of the spirit that informs the classical canon of Western art - has also gone by the boards.
Meg Cabot, Teen Idol|I'm supposed to carry you over the threshold, right?"I laugh. "If that's what you're doing, I must've slept through something important," I say dryly. He quirks one eyebrow and shoots me a cocky grin. "Oh trust me, I won't let you sleep through any of the good stuff.
Vita Sackville-West, In Your Garden Again|When we want mood experiences, we go to concerts or museums. When we want meaningful emotional experience, we go to the storyteller.
Kameron Hurley, The Stars Are Legion|I have spent my life battling monsters. It was only in realizing that I was the monster, and choosing to destroy her, that I could save the world.
Carl Johan Calleman|At his "World of Physics" Web site, Eric W. Weisstein notes that the fine structure constant continues to fascinate numerologists, who have claimed that connections exist between alpha, the Cheops pyramid, and Stonehenge!
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Love like rain, can nourish from above, drenching couples with a soaking joy. But sometimes under the angry heat of life, love dries on the surface and must nourish from below, tending to its roots keeping itself alive.
R. N. Prasher|It cannot be described, this awesome chain of events that depopulated the whole Earth; the range is too tremendous for any to picture of encompass. Of the people of Earth's unfortunate ages, billions of years before, only a few prophets and madman could have conceived that which was to come - could have grasped visions of the still, dead lands, and long-empty sea-beds. The rest would have doubted... doubted alike the shadow of change upon the planet and the shadow of doom upon the race. For man has always thought himself the immortal master of natural things...
Shelly Laurenston, The Mane Event|Many beginners also at times possess great spiritual avarice. They hardly ever seem content with the spirit God gives them. They become unhappy and peevish because they don't find the consolation they want in spiritual things. Many never have enough of hearing counsels, or learning spiritual maxims, or keeping them and reading books about them. They spend more time in these than in striving after mortification and the perfection of the interior poverty to which they are obliged.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Origins: Fourteen Billion Years of Cosmic Evolution|... and I submit to you, that science, scientific discovery, especially cosmic discovery, does not become mainstream until the artist embraces the fruits of those discoveries.
Toni Sorenson|When a man is loved by a strong, confident woman he too is stronger and more confident. Once he has been touched by the tenderness of a strong, confident woman he too can touch with tenderness. That kind of love is contagious.
Stephen M. Ross|Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry.
Jessica Biel|My grandmother, whom we call Biel, thinks it's very unbecoming of me not to smile for the paparazzi. So every time I see them, I think, 'Smile for Biel!'
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|You boys going to get somewhere, or just going?" We didn't understand his question, and it was a damned good question.
Terry a O'Neal|All right then, I’ll be mad at you on this score, which incidentally is no great misfortune, as things balance out quite well if there’s a little anger for you lurking in one corner of my heart.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we read the Bible as carefully and as regularly as we read the daily papers, we would be as familiar with and as well informed about God as we are about our favorite player’s batting average during baseball season!
Trae Crowder, The Liberal Redneck Manifesto: Draggin' Dixie Outta the Dark|Because people understand that the diocese is trying to help the members of that group feel more connected to their church, the church they belong to by virtue of their baptism.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|The pause makes you think the song will end. And then the song isn't really over, so you're relieved. But then the song does actually end, because every song ends, obviously, and THAT. TIME. THE. END. IS. FOR. REAL.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|She raised one hand and flexed its fingers and wondered, as she had sometimes before, how this thing, this machine for gripping, this fleshy spider on the end of her arm, came to be hers, entirely at her command. Or did it have some little life of its own? She bent her finger and straightened it. The mystery was in the instant before it moved, the dividing moment between not moving and moving, when her intention took effect. It was like a wave breaking. If she could only find herself at the crest, she thought, she might find the secret of herself, that part of her that was really in charge.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|If we are stretching to live wiser and not just smarter, we will aspire to learn what love means, how it arises and deepens, how it withers and revives, what it looks like as a private good but also a common good. I long to make this word echo differently in hearts and ears—not less complicated, but differently so. Love as muscular, resilient. Love as social—not just about how we are intimately, but how we are together, in public. I want to aspire to a carnal practical love—eros become civic, not sexual and yet passionate, full-bodied. Because it is the best of which we are capable, loving is also supremely exacting, not always but again and again. Love is something we only master in moments.
John Logan, Red|Urgency means paying the details the attention they deserve, with the respect they deserve, without delay.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|So much had been surrendered! And to such little purpose! There had been mad wilful rejections, monstrous forms of self-torture and self-denial, whose origin was fear and whose result was a degradation infinitely more terrible than that fancied degradation from which, in their ignorance, they had sought to escape (...)
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The purpose of forgiveness is not to make sure that someone ends up changing into what you expect them to be, as this is dominance. The purpose is actually to make your own life better, more worthy and less stressful. Forgiveness reduces the hold that the wrongdoer has over you and empowers you.
Saul Bellow, Mr. Sammler's Planet|If everyone was cognisant of their purpose on earth, we would only need weapons for hunting and nothing else.
Alan Watts|And God said, 'Let there be light' and there was light, but the Electricity Board said He would have to wait until Thursday to be connected.
Alina Baker|Religion has always been an irrelevant aspect if my life. The people here are either pissed of atheists, or religious freaks waiting for God to save them.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I keep myself busy with things to do, but every-time i pause, i still think f you.
Mohsin Hamid|I am not in the business of pointing fingers or making excuses. However, recent history has shown that I, like thousands of others in Ireland, incorrectly relied upon the persons who guided Anglo and who wrongfully sought to portray a 'blue chip' Irish banking sector.
William Least Heat-Moon|All of those things - rock and men and river - resisted change, resisted the coming as they did the going. Hood warmed and rose slowly, breaking open the plain, and cooled slowly over the plain it buried. The nature of things is resistance to change, while the nature of process is resistance to stasis, yet things and process are one, and the line from inorganic to organic and back is uninterrupted and unbroken.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Paradise of Lailah Gifty Akita is reading, wondering and writing.
Ricardo Derose|Can we get control of an individual to the point where he will do our bidding against his will and even against fundamental laws of nature such as self preservation? (CIA Document, Project ARTICHOKE, MORI ID 144686, 1952)As cited by Dr Ellen P. Lacter, p57
Christopher Lasch, The Culture of Narcissism: American Life in an Age of Diminishing Expectations|The advertising industry's prime task is to ensure that uninformed consumers make irrational choices, thus undermining market theories that are based on just the opposite.
Chris Dee, World's Finest: Red Cape, Big City|Bruce hates magic. He’s a scientist; he has a rational mind. And he respects natural law even more, if possible, than manmade ones. Magic lets someone cheat those laws, and he hates it.
Baylee Crush, Test Drive: Part 1|There was no semblance of remorse on his stone-like face. He wanted me. That's all there was to it. And he would have me, regardless if I wanted him to or not.
Dániel Berzsenyi|Human beings are not inevitable, and our brief existence is not preordained to be extended into the distant future. If Homo sapiens is to have a continued presence on earth, humankind will reevaluate its sense of place in the world and modify its strong species-centric stewardship of the planet. Our collective concepts of morality and ethics have a direct impact on our species’ ultimate fate.
Margaux Froley, Escape Theory|But that so many scholars are barbarians does not much matter so long as a few of them are ready to help with their specialized knowledge the few independent thinkers, that is to say the poets, who try to to keep civilization alive.
Irfa Rahat|1715Whatever, however anybody leaves you alone and you think its your fault, its wrong, you are not alone because.... God is always with you, its not your fault the person who gone is just not perfect for you..!
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|All of this might seem diabolical, but the saloon-keeper was in no wise to blame for it. He was in the same plight as the manufacturer who has to adulterate and misrepresent his product. If he does not, some one else will.
Pawan Painjane, Love in Life's Farm|You know Schmeckle, people are like feet. Most everyone has a pair and yet feet are so unique. So, we must treat all people with respect and accept their unique way.
John Fowles, The Collector|The two of us in that room. No past, no future. All intense deep that-time-only. A feeling that everything must end, the music, ourselves, the moon, everything. That if you get to the heart of things you find sadness for ever and ever, everywhere; but a beautiful silver sadness, like a Christ face.
John Green|this is the rough part, okay? so just stay tuned for the good part. i promise it'll come soon.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|There was something about the music on that tape. It felt different. Like, it set her lungs and her stomach on edge. There was something exciting about it, and something nervous. It made Eleanor feel like everything, like the world, wasn't what she'd thought it was. And that was a good thing. That was the greatest thing.
Harold S. Geneen|When you are in any contest, you should work as if there were - to the very last minute - a chance to lose it. This is battle, this is politics, this is anything.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I stayed in the town until earlyevening, and when the sun began to sink, my heart did too. This is your last chance to goback, I told myself. Once it gets completely dark, you might never be able to leave here. Iwent home on the same buses that had brought me there. I arrived before seven, and no onenoticed that I had run away.
Albert Brooks|I hope that, somewhere, Mom and Dad are proud that little Walter is performing with the Mormon Tabernacle Choir.
Joyce Sidman, Winter Bees & Other Poems of the Cold|The truth is that she was always much more forgiving of animals than people...Her sympathy for the underdog--or the underwasp, underrat, undercat, undersnail, underbird, underspider, undermouse, undergecko, undercentipede--was limitless. In the depths of a gloomy London winter she would trudge to the park with a bag of snacks--stale bread specially sautéed in drippings--for the poor freezing seagulls and ducks. At the height of a Provencal summer she would fill a shallow bowl with water, put it on the terrace, and watch, transfixed, as the poor thirsty wasps hovered just above the surface to take a restorative sip or two. Dogs and cats slept in her bed, baby birds were fed warm milk with eyedroppers, spiders were fished out of baths, and a colony or red ants, which feasted on honey and scurried around inside a special box with a glass lid, lived on the kitchen table in London for many years.
A.D. Posey|The gift of knowledge is empowering, but the gift of wisdom is life-changing.
Stormie Omartian|Allow yourself to be possessed by God by receiving Jesus, and you will never be possessed by anything else.
Agatha Christie|Business is based on the well-known principle of supply and demand. You want something, the other man has it. The only thing left to settle is the price.
Charbel Tadros|Be so busy loving your life and your loved ones so that you have no time for the naysayers, doubters, haters, or regrets. You will be joined on this mission by other AAOC's some known to you and some yet to reveal themselves to you as you progress on this journey known as life. The reward will be a legacy of meaningful lessons learned and experiences shared with family and friends which will make it clear that you have truly lived not simply existed. Like most challenges that seem incredibly hard, this is no different. However, what awaits you at the finish line is what you have made of it. Agent 025 The Oracle
Sunday Adelaja|We stand the risk of failure, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Do not wait for vulnerability to be thrust upon you by your company or the marketplace. That is when you lost control of your own destiny. Choose to disrupt yourself. Seek vulnerability on your terms, no one else's.
J.R.R. Tolkien|The secret is...good and evil are a myth. There is only the selfish, selfless, and those in between.﻿
James Patterson, Sam's Letters to Jennifer|They who laugh the hardest are the same ones who have fought the toughest.The winner, though fraught with scarsstands alone,wholly victorious.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|In my view, it is an error to think about 'alternatives to prison' if what we mean by that is 'electronic bracelets,' through which people are subject to computer-monitored house arrest, or granting fuller surveillance and disciplinary powers and technologies to other state agencies, such as welfare and mental health, through 'transcarceration' policies...We need to decrease, not increase, the means by which the state, in its multifarious networks of authority, controls human lives and selectively incapacitates people who, no less than others, have the potential to contribute to the improvement of hte human condition.
Alan Moore|Emotional position is part of it, but as an individual you are not your emotions, neither are you your intellect. These are things that you have . They're not things that you are . Therefore you have to start to become aware of the different requirements that human beings have, the different areas that they like to be satisfied in. Which means becoming aware of yourself. I mean, as a writer you're gonna have to understand pretty much the whole universe. But the best place to start is by understanding the inner universe. The entire universe – for one thing – only exists in your perceptions. That's all you're gonna see of it. To all practical intents and purposes this is purely some kind of lightshow that's being put on in the kind of neurons in our brain. The whole of reality. So. To understand the universe there's worse advice than that which was carved above the shrine of the Delphi oracle. Where it just said: “Know thyself”. Understand yourself. Know thyself is a magical goal, but like I say to me there is very little difference between magic and creative art in any sense – the laws of one apply perfectly well to the other.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|I am not afraid of storms, for I am leaning how to sail my ship.
Vijay Dhameliya|The Internet is what you make of it, obviously . . . But the Internet has also been a great aggregator of anxiety and an enabler of our worst tendencies. It has allowed us to trumpet our own opinions, to win attention by broadcasting our laziest and cruelest judgments, to grind axes in public. It has made us feel, in some perverse sense, that we are entitled to do so.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|She was right. After all, if she herself had wondered whether she was Indian enough -- she, who had always been to me a sort of epitome of Indian -- then who could be? Who could claim the sole right or way to an identity?
R. Alan Woods|Jesus is God is the unified field theory of Christianity".
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Because [the Holy Spirit] is a spirit, [He] isn’t limited by time or space. He can be everywhere at once. He is in the midst of the largest galaxy—and the smallest atom.
Jordan Deen|The minute you see him, your hand will throb, your heart will pound out of your chest, and you won't be able to breathe.
R.S. Mollison-Read, Magician's Mastery|Maven Gustav, what is that awful noise?” Tobin bellowed, holding his hands over his ears.“Why, it’s my very own creation!” Gustav replied, beaming with pride. “I made this spell to be activated in the event of a castle emergency. In all my tests, it never failed to wake everyone,” he noted, proudly.“Yes, Gustav. It’s fantastically loud. Well done. But what is the emergency, and how do we turn the alarm off?
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Yoga does not start or end on your mat, but is present in every breath you take.
Shannon L. Alder|Love is so many things, but it is not safe.
Sunday Adelaja|Through self-development, you can continuously fortify yourself for the next level of increase
Śāntideva|There are some among the so-called elite who are overbearing and arrogant. I want to foster leaders, not elitists.
Rachael Wade, The Tragedy of Knowledge|Love couldn’t be moved by circumstance, poor choices, or even blatant lies—skewed and damaged, yes, but the heart couldn’t deny what it wanted most once the desire was planted. Whether in bliss or affliction, love owned you all the same.
Derek Thompson|In this fast-paced digitally connected world, your competitor is only a WhatsApp message away. Be reachable by every medium possible
Anthony Liccione|Find strength in your heartbeat, than weakness with a beat heart. Take each breath as another chance, and love for a new day.
Lailah Gifty Akita|May the grace of faith, keep you going in the forward motion to reach the ultimate goal.
Anna Quindlen, Imagined London: A Tour of the World's Greatest Fictional City|Raging crime, class warfare, invasive immigrants, light morals, public misbehavior. Always we convince ourselves that the parade of unwelcome and despised is a new phenomenon, which is why the phrase "the good old days" has passed from cliché to self-parody.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are many peaceful ways to get rid of a fascist government and economic war against such a government is the best way amongst all these ways! And what is the economic war? It is to stop feeding the economy that feeds the fascist government, it is to take out your own individual brick from the wall of pro-government economy. Halt the food of the devil! Don’t forget that it is you who is feeding the hyena that bites you!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Accepting the nonexistence of being,when the absence of existence means the negation of being.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|Sufis hold that the superior experience and knowledge comes to a man or woman in exact accordance with his worth,capacity,and earning of it.
Natasha Tsakos|As we begin to internalize the technological kingdoms we have built, as we progressively become more superhuman, what will differentiate us from machinery?
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The animalism of the brute nature in man is disgusting', he thought, 'but as long as it remains in its naked form we observe it from the height of our spiritual life and despise it; and - whether one has fallen or resisted - one remains what one was before. But when that same animalism hides under a cloak of poetry and aesthetic feeling and demands our worship - then we are swallowed up by it completely and worship animalism, no longer distinguishing good from evil. Then it is awful!
Malcolm Turnbull|What I believe is that marriage is between a man and a woman, but what I also believe is that we have an obligation to make sure that gays and lesbians have the rights of citizenship that afford them visitations to hospitals, that allow them to be, to transfer property between partners, to make certain that they're not discriminated on the job.
Joss Whedon|The world has changed and it's going to keep changing, but God never changes; so we are safe when we cling to Him.
Roshan Sharma|There is a difference between perspective and perception. Perspective is a personal idea about certain events, based on the impressions, experiences or information available to the mind, while the perception is a momentary thought about the situation, event or people, purely based on the past experience or impressions.
Newton Gatambia|The reality of life is that, your friends can deny you, your family can deny you but God will never deny you.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|A truly honorable person, would never convince another to stray, from their personal pursuit of honor. No, only one lacking this noble quality would try to justify and market, an existence without it.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The artist has the master picture in his mind, before he begins to paint.
Aimee Roseland, FANGIRL_15|Lucien had never prayed before, never imagined that there might be a deity listening who would be interested in what he had to say, so his supplication skills were a tad rusty.But now Lucien prayed.Please don’t take her from me just as I’ve found her. If you do, I’ll come for your ass.Any gods listening would do well to heed him. Lucien never made a promise that he couldn’t keep.
Nelson Piquet|Now everybody's got a crazy notion of their own. Some like to mix up with a crowd, some like to be alone. It's no one elses' business as far as I can see, but every time that I go out the people stare at me, with me little ukulele in me hand.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|The aesthetic and the agonistic are one, according to the ancient Greeks.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|There is non who is unfriendly, even the person we may regard as unfriendly has a friend. Our mind is the only limitation and barrier to people
Sean Patrick Brennan, The Papal Visitor|You must trust in your inner being of light, the angel you already are.
Amelia Hutchins, Playing with Monsters|AMELIA: To my daughter, if you ever date anyone like the men I write, I will kick your *ss up between your ears and you will walk sideways for a month, but I’ll still love you.
Jessica Capshaw|And so our goal on health care is, if we can get, instead of health care costs going up 6 percent a year, it's going up at the level of inflation, maybe just slightly above inflation, we've made huge progress. And by the way, that is the single most important thing we could do in terms of reducing our deficit. That's why we did it.
Ella Frank, Try|That’s probably the most sincere thing that I’ve ever heard come out of your mouth.”Logan lowered his eyes to Tate’s hand. “Now, that’s not true. I was very sincere this morning when I told you that I loved sucking your—”“Don’t ruin it,” Tate interrupted.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Forgiving: The Fourfold Path for Healing Ourselves and Our World|the more different you and I are, the less we will be able to identify with each other, and the more difficult it will to understand each other. If we can't see ourselves in another person at all—if his beliefs and background and reactions and emotions conflict too radically with our own—we often just withdraw the assumption that he is like us in any important way. That kind of dehumanization generally leads nowhere good.
Samantha Sotto, Before Ever After|I have every reason to be sad, but I don't have any reason to mourn. People grieve when things end. Nothing has ended tonight. One of us has simply gone ahead as we always knew it would have to be.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Doubtful, but it did work..."Annabeth?" Percy said again. "You're planning something. You've got that I'm-planning-something look.""I don't have an I'm-planning-something look.""Yeah, you totally do. Your eyebrows knit and your lips press together and ---""Do you have a pen?" she asked him."You're kidding, right?" He brought out Riptide."Yes, but can you actually write with it?""I--I don't know," he admitted. "Never tried.
Leo Tolstoy|They meet, as we shall meet tomorrow, to murder one another; they kill and maim tens of thousands, and then have thanksgiving services for having killed so many people (they even exaggerate the number), and they announce a victory, supposing that the more people they have killed the greater their achievement. How does God above look at them and hear them?" exclaimed Prince Andrew in a shrill, piercing voice. "Ah, my friend, it has of late become hard for me to live. I see that I have begun to understand too much. And it doesn't do for man to taste of the tree of knowledge of good and evil.... Ah, well, it's not for long!" he added.
Megan Crewe, Give Up the Ghost|We are born to believe We can’t change a thing We can’t, and we never could. But before you believe The things you believeYou must understand To be understood.
Chris Ryan MGL, In The Light Of The Cross: Reflections On The Australian Journey Of The World Youth Day Cross And Icon|People referred to the symbolism of the empty Cross more than once on its journey. It would seem obviously to point to our faith in Jesus’ resurrection. It’s not quite so simple though. The Cross is bare, but in and of itself the empty Cross does not point directly to the Resurrection. It says only that the body of Jesus was removed from the Cross. If a crucifix is a symbol of Good Friday, then it is the image of the empty tomb that speaks more directly of Easter and resurrection. The empty Cross is a symbol of Holy Saturday. It’s an indicator of the reality of Jesus’ death, of His sharing in our mortal coil. At the same time, the empty Cross is an implicit sign of impending resurrection, and it tells us that the Cross is not only a symbol of hatred, violence and inhumanity: it says that the Cross is about something more.The empty Cross also tells us not to jump too quickly to resurrection, as if the Resurrection were a trump card that somehow absolves us from suffering. The Resurrection is not a divine ‘get-out-of-jail free’ card that immunises people from pain, suffering or death. To jump too quickly to the Resurrection runs the risk of trivialising people’s pain and seemingly mapping out a way through suffering that reduces the reality of having to live in pain and endure it at times. For people grieving, introducing the message of the Resurrection too quickly cheapens or nullifies their sense of loss. The empty Cross reminds us that we cannot avoid suffering and death. At the same time, the empty Cross tells us that, because of Jesus’ death, the meaning of pain, suffering and our own death has changed, that these are not all-crushing or definitive. The empty Cross says that the way through to resurrection must always break in from without as something new, that it cannot be taken hold of in advance of suffering or seized as a panacea to pain. In other words, the empty Cross is a sign of hope. It tells us that the new life of God surprises us, comes at a moment we cannot expect, and reminds us that experiences of pain, grief and dying are suffused with the presence of Christ, the One Who was crucified and is now risen.
Peter Rollins, How (Not) to Speak of God: Marks of the Emerging Church|Orthodoxy as right belief will cost us little; indeed, it will allow us to sit back with our Pharisaic doctrines, guarding the ‘truth’ with the purity of our interpretations. But orthodoxy, as believing in the right way, as bringing love to the world around us and within us … that will cost us everything. For to live by that sword, as we all know, is to die by it.
???, Timecrest|I haven't got a clue on how to love you like a lover should, how to make you happy or even how to make you stay. I hardly grasp the essence of desire and true affection scares me more than it should, but know that every stutter, every shy glance, every hesitant touch, come from someone who believes in you and I.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|Manchee comes outta the bushes and sits down next to me cuz I’ve stopped right there in the middle of a trail. He looks around to see what I might be seeing and then he says, ”Good poo, Todd.” ”I’m sure it was, Manch
Jacqueline Susann, Valley of the Dolls|We are what we love. We are the things, the people, the ideas we spend our days with. They center us, they drive us, they define us to our very core.Without them, we are empty.
Tim Howard|When resources are degraded, we start competing for them, whether it is at the local level in Kenya, where we had tribal clashes over land and water, or at the global level, where we are fighting over water, oil, and minerals. So one way to promote peace is to promote sustainable management and equitable distribution of resources.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|Sometimes belief is the reason for liberation; other times, our own conviction prevents our escape. It depends on whether or not you believe God is listening, if you can cling to hope in the gravest of times. Hope is a precious life force within us.
David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men|With still, underneath, the old respectable-girl-versus-slut thing. It’s OK to fuck around if you’re a feminist but it’s also not OK to fuck around because most guys aren’t feminists and won’t respect you and won’t call you again if you fuck around.
Karen Finerman|Genuine happiness can only be achieved when we transform our way of life from the unthinking pursuit of pleasure to one committed to enriching our inner lives, when we focus on 'being more' rather than simply having more.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Time takes it all, whether you want it to or not.
Emma  Wagner|Lewis is like a gateway, making the riches of Deep Church more accessible.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Norah watched him, serious and utterly absorbed in his task, overcome by the simple fact of his existence.
Ella Dominguez, Continental Beginnings|Oooo...He's being a saucy motherfu*ker tonight. He does wrong and I'm the one who gets treated like the whore of Babylon. Fine, he wants a show I'll give him a damn show.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|Often, people build stories in their mind which have no basis in the contours of reality. Those which build these images, are building such images which are based on their relatively limited sense of understanding about the particular subject or person. This is a "fill in the blank" reality, which often manifests itself into the hearts and the minds of those who have a "fill in the blank" mindset, not the person with the here said reality.The universe is designed in a way that reflects itself, just like a mirror, showing you exactly who you are to yourself, not who others are. Your largest and most concealed insecurities have their way of presenting themselves to you in a fashion that is relative to your self designed way of communication.This short writing is a reminder that your preconceived notions on a particular subject or person, are a construct of your inner mind and emotional-relational well being and not of others. This is one of the largest fundamental truths in which you must have large insight to carefully watch who and what you massacre with your personal thoughts.Having a keen sense of control on this subject will lead you to enlightenment in many platforms of life.
Gloria D. Gonsalves|Poets, with no sponsors, no agenda, are the truest form of freedom today, bleeding out every drop of themselves for the world to either hate or devour.
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|The heart of a man is a small thing but it desires great matters. It is not big enough for a dog’s dinner but the whole world is not big enough for it. Man spares nothing that lives; he kills to feed himself, he kills to clothe himself, he kills to adorn himself, he kills to attack, he kills to defend himself, he kills to instruct himself, he kills to amuse himself, he kills for the sake of killing. From the lamb he tears its guts and makes his harp resound; from the wolf his most deadly tooth to polish his pretty works of art; from the elephant his tusks to make a toy for his child.(...)And who will exterminate him who exterminates all others?
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|I loved your breaking down that door, repeated Djuna. Through Rango she had breathed some other realm she had never attained before. She had touched through his act some climate of violence she had never known before.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84 BOOK 1|A man of ordinary talent will always be ordinary, whether he travels or not; but a man of superior talent will go to pieces if he remains forever in the same place.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|In religion, as in war and everything else, comfort is the one thing you cannot get by looking for it. If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end: if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth -- only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin with and, in the end, despair.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|Deep down, the young are lonelier than the old.
W. Somerset Maugham|If you are young and you drink a great deal it will spoil your health, slow your mind, make you fat - in other words, turn you into an adult.
Francine Pascal, Crash Landing!|Hema thought of Shiva, her personal deity, and how the only sensible response to the madness of life . . . was to cultivate a kind of madness within, to perform the mad dance of Shiva, . . . to rock and sway and flap six arms and six legs to an inner tune. Hema moved gently . . . she danced as if her minimalist gestures were shorthand for a much larger, fuller, reckless dance, one that held the whole world together, kept it from extinction.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|She wondered if it was her stupid mother, the goddess of love, messing with her thoughts. If Piper started getting urges to read fashion magazines, she was going to have to find Aphrodite and smack her.
Robert Green Ingersoll|I want parents to teach that academic intelligence is essential, but so is financial intelligence.
Katie Couric|What we do,our choices, that's what defines us.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|If we deny the need for thought, Moneo, as some do, we lose the powers of reflection; we cannot define what our senses report. If we deny the flesh, we unwheel the vehicle which bears us. But if we deny emotion, we lose all touch with our internal universe. It was emotions which I missed the most.
HM Naqvi|We'd become Japs, Jews, Niggers. We weren't before.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|In the past, I have all too often listened without hearing, asking questions when I had no intention of hearing the answer or understand my customer’s requirements.
Brent Crawford, Carter Finally Gets It|Anyone who thinks this world is without magic, hasn't been to a library.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|No! Please! I'll tell you whatever you want to know!" the man yelled. "Really?" said Vimes. "What's the orbital velocity of the moon?""What?""Oh, you'd like something simpler?
Yaganesh Derasari|Its Never Worth It To Light A Candle In Dark Room,If Your Inner Soul Is Still Full Of Darkness.
Debasish Mridha|I am the humanity, I am the symbols of peace.I am the symbol of peace, I am the humanityI am the symbol of goodness I am the communityI am the symbol of changeI am the light in darknessI am the symbol of compassion I am the sole of kindnessI am the symbol of joyful futureI will bring brightnessI am the symbol of unity and harmonyI will bring happiness.
Jonathan Franzen, Freedom|I am wearing a gray shirt, blue jeans, black shoes--new clothes, but beneath them, my Dauntless tattoos. It is impossible to erase my choices. Especially these.
Brian D. McLaren|The sky above the island was the color of television, tuned to a dead channel—which is to say it was a bright, cheery blue.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|But this was that view of human destiny which she had most passionately hated and rejected: the view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever to aspire, but not to achieve. Her life and her values could not bring her to that, she thought; she had never found beauty in longing for the impossible and had never found the possible to be beyond her reach.
Simone Weil|Perfect friendship is the friendship of men who are good, and alike in excellence; for these wish well alike to each other qua good, and they are good in themselves.
Let Your Feelings Be Your Guide by Esther and Jerry Hicks|Just let go of the oars. Whenyou‘re no longer paddling against the Current, when you release your oars and relax into your ownnatural Well-Being, the Current, which is ever moving in the direction of that which you havebecome and all that you want, will carry you toward your desires.
Indra Nooyi|[Performance with purpose is] basically PepsiCo saying that companies can no longer perform and toss costs to society. We believe that the new future is public-private partnerships, where companies feel responsible for society at large.
Mateo Sol, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|I wonder why he hastened to tell us that George Hearne was buried in the churchyard, and then added that naturally he was!''It's the natural place to be buried in,' said I.'Quite. That's just why it was hardly worth mentioning.'I felt then, just momentarily, just vaguely, as if my mind was regarding stray pieces of a jig-saw puzzle. The fancied ringing of the telephone bell last night was one of them, this burial of George Hearne in the churchyard was another, and, even more inexplicably, the ladder I had seen under the trees was a third. Consciously I made nothing whatever out of them, and did not feel the least inclination to devote any ingenuity to so fortuitous a collection of pieces. Why shouldn't I add, for that matter, our morning's bathe, or the gorse on the hillside? But I had the sensation that, though my conscious brain was presently occupied with piquet, and was rapidly growing sleepy with the day of sun and sea, some sort of mole inside it was digging passages and connecting corridors below the soil. ("Expiation")
Jean  Bernard, Priestblock 25487: a Memoir of Dachau|The first days of January 1942 brought enormous amounts of snow. The reader already knows what snow meant for the clergy. But this time the torture surpassed the bounds of the endurable. At the same time the thermometer hovered between 5 and 15 degrees below zero. From morning till night we scraped, shoveled, and pushed wheelbarrow after wheelbarrow of snow to the brook. The work detail consisted of more than 1,000 clergymen, forced to keep moving by SS men and Capos who kicked us and beat us with truncheons.We had to make rounds with the wheelbarrows from the assembly square to the brook and back. Not a moment of rest was allowed, and much of the time we were forced to run.At one point I tripped over my barrow and fell, and it took me a while to get up again. An SS man dashed over and ordered me to turn with the full load. He ran beside me, beating me constantly with a leather strap. When I got to the brook I was not allowed to dump out the heavy snow, but had to make a second complete round with it instead.When the guard finally went off and I tried to let go of the wheelbarrow, I found that one of my hands was frozen fast to it. I had to blow on it with warm breath to get it free.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough. If we always had smiled on the one who is gone, there would be no despair in our grief; and some sweetness would cling to our tears, reminiscent of virtues and happiness. For our recollections of veritable love—which indeed is the act of virtue containing all others—call from our eyes the same sweet, tender tears as those most beautiful hours wherein memory was born.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The major problem of life is learning how to handle the costly interruptions. The door that slams shut, the plan that got sidetracked, the marriage that failed. Or that lovely poem that didn't get written because someone knocked on the door.
Cole Moreton, Hungry for Home|There was always a big party on the night before anyone left for the States. They called it an American wake, because the whole community stayed up to keep the emigrants company through their last night on the island, just as they would have bidden farewell to a soul beginning the long journey towards eternity. There was almost no chance that anyone present would ever see the departed again
Carla H. Krueger|If words can be lethal weapons, I must provide them with an arsenal.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Greatness is not a gift that one can give to another, but rather is a thief's relic that we must take for ourselves.
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|Reflections...passages in time..sometimes, the only things that make sense..the only peace I find..is found somewhere, unwritten..in between the lines.
Nicholas Sparks, A Bend in the Road|I realize that I don’t know where to start. Not because I’m unsure of my story, but because I’m not sure why I feel compelled to tell it in the first place. What can be achieved by unearthing the past?
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|This is who I was, before I was dead. When I cared, when I was relentless.
Kylie Minogue|There are a lot of thought leaders who don't want to see their students. We don't want to hire them. If students are allured to come to the school because of famous faculties, and if they never see them, that leaves very bad taste.
Scarlett Avery, Undeniable Attraction|Our lips meet and he playfully bites me.” —Sofia Herrera (Total Abandonment, Unbearable Passion, #4)
Matthew Desmond|Illegal immigration is not just a matter of interest in states along our border with Mexico. It is having an effect on local economies, schools, health care delivery, and public safety all across the country.
Debasish Mridha|Without honesty and integrity, success is nothing but a terrible failure.
Sandy Vaile|Treat backstory like a pungent spice. I say this to encourage you to picture a jalapeno pepper that can set your mouth on fire, every time you even think about adding backstory into your book. What you need is subtlety.
Sunday Adelaja|The day to day corruption that is carried out everywhere in the country, from the streets to the offices are as detrimental to the nation as any other form of corruption.
Jon Stuart Mill|If you meet a number of failures the causes of which are not known, look for something that is common for each failure and that is never present when there is a success.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Smartass Disciple: Master, why should people love each other ?Master of Stupidity: Well, orgasm is felt better than kill each other.
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|Reason Develops Passion, Passion Creates Motivation, Motivation is the driving force behind all actions = GREAT RESULTS.
Elizabeth Wein, Code Name Verity|It was wonderful flirting with him, all the razor-edged literary banter, like Beatrice and Benedick in Much Ado About Nothing. A battle of wit, and a test, too.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Among this bewildering multiplicity of ideals which shall we choose? The answer is that we shall choose none. For it is clear that each one of these contradictory ideals is the fruit of particular social circumstances. To some extent, of course, this is true of every thought and aspiration that has ever been formulated. Some thoughts and aspirations, however, are manifestly less dependent on particular social circumstances than others. And here a significant fact emerges: all the ideals of human behaviour formulated by those who have been most successful in freeing themselves from the prejudices of their time and place are singularly alike. Liberation from prevailing conventions of thought, feeling and behaviour is accomplished most effectively by the practice of disinterested virtues and through direct insight into the real nature of ultimate reality. (Such insight is a gift, inherent in the individual; but, though inherent, it cannot manifest itself completely except where certain conditions are fulfilled. The principal pre-condition of insight is, precisely, the practice of disinterested virtues.) To some extent critical intellect is also a liberating force. But the way in which intellect is used depends upon the will. Where the will is not disinterested, the intellect tends to be used (outside the non-human fields of technology, science or pure mathematics) merely as an instrument for the rationalization of passion and prejudice, the justification of self-interest. That is why so few even of die acutest philosophers have succeeded in liberating themselves completely from the narrow prison of their age and country. It is seldom indeed that they achieve as much freedom as the mystics and the founders of religion. The most nearly free men have always been those who combined virtue with insight.Now, among these freest of human beings there has been, for the last eighty or ninety generations, substantial agreement in regard to the ideal individual. The enslaved have held up for admiration now this model of a man, now that; but at all times and in all places, the free have spoken with only one voice.It is difficult to find a single word that will adequately describe the ideal man of the free philosophers, the mystics, the founders of religions. 'Non-attached* is perhaps the best. The ideal man is the non-attached man. Non-attached to his bodily sensations and lusts. Non-attached to his craving for power and possessions. Non-attached to the objects of these various desires. Non-attached to his anger and hatred; non-attached to his exclusive loves.Non-attached to wealth, fame, social position. Non-attached even to science, art, speculation, philanthropy. Yes, non-attached even to these. For, like patriotism, in Nurse Cavel's phrase, 'they are not enough, Non-attachment to self and to what are called 'the things of this world' has always been associated in the teachings of the philosophers and the founders of religions with attachment to an ultimate reality greater and more significant than the self. Greater and more significant than even the best things that this world has to offer. Of the nature of this ultimate reality I shall speak in the last chapters of this book. All that I need do in this place is to point out that the ethic of non-attachment has always been correlated with cosmologies that affirm the existence of a spiritual reality underlying the phenomenal world and imparting to it whatever value or significance it possesses.
Emily Brontë|But we must understand that emotions are unreliable and at times, tyrannical. They should never be permitted to dominate us.
Debasish Mridha|To make this world joyful, let your heart overflow with joy.
Terri Reid, Delayed Departures|Aye, it could', Ian added. 'It's many a time when I've walked alone on the misty moors of Scotland, the fog creeping in, the waves pounding against the shore, and then the lone, eerie call of a dead chicken. Caaa-cluck. Caaa-cluck
Steve Maraboli|When you pursue your goals with passion, you will attract people who love you; but you’ll also attract haters. I’m okay with that; I welcome it. I don’t want to live life as a spectator. I’ve learned that if no one is cheering you on and/or booing you; it means you're not in the game.
A.A. Patawaran, Write Here Write Now: Standing at Attention Before My Imaginary Style Dictator|Each of us has been designed for one of two immortal functions, as either a storyteller or as a cross-legged listener to tales of wonder, love, and daring. When we cease to tell or listen, then we no longer exist as a people.
Willa Cather|When in brief flashes of serendipity you glimpse what you were born to do... Do it. No matter what. Take steps toward it, even if they are depressingly small at first. With each inch closer to your central magic, you will feel it. It is unmistakable for anything else. It's called purpose.
Jennifer Steil, The Woman Who Fell from the Sky|Of real sensational journalism, as it exists in France, in Ireland, and in America, we have no trace in this country. When a journalist in Ireland wishes to create a thrill, he creates a thrill worth talking about. He denounces a leading Irish member for corruption, or he charges the whole police system with a wicked and definite conspiracy. When a French journalist desires a frisson there is a frisson; he discovers, let us say, that the President of the Republic has murdered three wives. Our yellow journalists invent quite as unscrupulously as this; their moral condition is, as regards careful veracity, about the same. But it is their mental calibre which happens to be such that they can only invent calm and even reassuring things. The fictitious version of the massacre of the envoys of Pekin was mendacious, but it was not interesting, except to those who had private reasons for terror or sorrow. It was not connected with any bold and suggestive view of the Chinese situation. It revealed only a vague idea that nothing could be impressive except a great deal of blood. Real sensationalism, of whichI happen to be very fond, may be either moral or immoral. But even when it is most immoral, it requires moral courage. For it is one of the most dangerous things on earth genuinely to surprise anybody. If you make any sentient creature jump, you render it by no means improbable that it will jump on you. But the leaders of this movement have no moral courage or immoral courage; their whole method consists in saying, with large and elaborate emphasis, the things which everybody else says casually, and without remembering what they have said. When they brace themselves up to attack anything, they never reach the point of attacking anything which is large and real, and would resound with the shock. They do not attack the army as men do in France, or the judges as men do in Ireland, or the democracy itself as men did in England a hundred years ago. They attack something like the War Office--something, that is, which everybody attacks and nobody bothers to defend, something which is an old joke in fourth-rate comic papers
Tori Amos|You win the modern financial-regulation game by filing the most motions, attending the most hearings, giving the most money to the most politicians and, above all, by keeping at it, day after day, year after fiscal year, until stealing is legal again.
Norman Mailer|I don’t trust compliments. I’ve been getting them for years. Sometimes I deserve them, sometimes I didn’t. But generally when people give you compliments there’s one of two things wrong with them. Either they’re false, or what’s worse is they’re sincere. They really mean the compliment. And then they’re offering you their loyalty. And I’m kind of a stingy… Well, I don’t necessarily want to give all that loyalty back. So either way, let’s skip the compliments.
Gift Gugu Mona|Never stop dreaming, wake up and chase your dreams.
Isa Morgül|I cannot wish you ...I cannot wish you good fortuneknowing that good fortune is what you are, while bad fortune is just a mistaken identityI cannot wish you all the things of earthsince earth itself is yours and that is sufficient, while all the rest will never be enoughI cannot wish you the things you want to see when much unseen is also here waiting for your denial of mind that refuses to see I cannot wish you strength or courage to conquer the troubles and tribulations of lifebecause you alone are the master of limits and imaginary linesI cannot wish you an easy and safe path in all your venturessafe and easy paths are unworthy of the worthyI cannot wish you any kind of freedom you may seeklife is the proof of freedom ; seeking is your prison ; expectations are your guardsI cannot wish you any kind of happinessheart is too blind to be content in the certainty of reality, excellence and immortality of things I cannot wish you good health the voice within asking ever provoking questions is your health ; fear that silences you is your illnessI cannot wish you anythingas long as life is about being instead of havingMaybe holiday season is just not about wishes and celebration at allmaybe, just maybe, it is just a reminder about the power of state of mindWhat else than state of mind can make things look beautiful when in fact they are uglywhat else than state of mind can make things look ugly when in fact they are beautifulLet the New Year be the year in which we choose to be the masters of the mind and not its slave.
Alan W. Watts, The Essential Alan Watts|Jesus Christ knew he was God. So wake up and find out eventually who you really are. In our culture, of course, they’ll say you’re crazy and you’re blasphemous, and they’ll either put you in jail or in a nut house (which is pretty much the same thing). However if you wake up in India and tell your friends and relations, ‘My goodness, I’ve just discovered that I’m God,’ they’ll laugh and say, ‘Oh, congratulations, at last you found out.
Ridley Scott|I'm a single parent, and I just found that it was too difficult to manage raising my kids and doing the traveling involved in making movies. So I took a little bit of a break. And the little bit of a break turned into a longer break, and then I found that I really didn't miss it.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|How one in the modern world views Jesus's miraculous actions is irrelevant. All that can be known is how the people of his time viewed them. And therein lies the historical evidence. For while debates raged within the early church over who Jesus was—a rabbi? the messiah? God incarnate?—there was never any debate, either among his followers or his detractors, about his role as an exorcist and miracle worker.
Gabrielle Hamilton, Blood, Bones, and Butter: The Inadvertent Education of a Reluctant Chef|The Mother of God is asked to 'pray zealously to her Son and her God,' and the words of the psalm are put into her mouth:'My soul doth magnify the Lord, and my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Savior. for He hath regarded the low estate of his handmaiden: for, behold, from henceforth all generations shall call me blessed.' It is because of her child that she says this, He will magnify her ('For He that is mighty hath done to me great things'): He is her glory. Any woman could say it. For everyone of them, God is in her child. Mothers of great men must have been familiar with this feeling, but then, all women are mothers of great men-it isn't their fault if life disappoints them later.
Henry Ford|Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.
Laura Knight-Jadczyk|What if we were to subject public servants like politicians to a battery of psychological tests like the MMPI? Maybe we could determine which of them were more likely to become corrupt and save them the trouble of lengthy, expensive campaigns where they are ultimately harassed by greedy corporations.
Kate Elliott, Buried Heart|There's no secret to winning. Act boldly when you need to, and be cautious when you must.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|In fairy tales, the princesses kiss the frogs, and the frogs become princes. In real life, the pricesses kiss princes, and the princes turn into frogs.
Steven Moffat|An illusion is when everyone is in on the joke, a delusion is when you are the joke.
Nancy Mitford, The Pursuit of Love|Scream at the mangled leather carcass lying at the foot of the stairs, and my parents would roar with laughter. "That's what you get for leaving your wallet on the kitchen table.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Truths are immortal, my dear friend; they are immortal like God! What we call a falsity is like a fruit; it has a certain number of days; it is bound to decay. Whereas, what we call truth is like gold; days, months, even centuries can hide gold, can overlook it but they can never make it decay.
Anne Lamott|Writing like this is a little like milking a cow: the milk is so rich and delicious, and the cow is so glad you did it.
James     Baldwin|Every promise we kept, every squeeze of the hand, every secretive smile we exchanged, every crying child we comforted- every one of those moments narrowed the distance between us.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Power is not an institution, and not a structure; neither is it a certain strength we are endowed with; it is the name that one attributes to a complex strategical situation in a particular society.
Buddha|I see the world being slowly transformed into a wilderness; I hear the approaching thunder that, one day, will destroy us too. I feel the suffering of millions. And yet, when I look up at the sky, I somehow feel that everything will change for the better, that this cruelty too shall end, that peace and tranquility will return once more.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Show a man too many camels' bones, or show them to him too often, and he will not be able to recognize a camel when he comes across a live one. (Mirza Ahsan of Tabriz)
Mark Curtis|American socialism had lost momentum even before the war. (Socialist leader Norman Thomas received 885,000 votes in his 1932 run for the presidency, but only 187,500 in 1936.)
Caity Lotz|You cannot represent cool. You've got to be cool. You've got to be authentic. I think, after all these years, that is how I define cool. It is being authentic. That is powerful.
Donna Leon, Death in a Strange Country|I remind you that there are churches so completely out of the hands of God that if the Holy Spirit withdrew from them, they wouldn't find it out for many months
Barbara Neville, Cowgirls Just Wanna Have Fun|...and now over to our foriegn allegory correspondant, Barv Tweezman." ~The Shielding of Mortimer Townes
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|Humankind, which discovers its capacity to transform and in a certain sense create the world through its own work, forgets that this is always based on God's prior and original gift of things that are. People think that they can make arbitrary use of the earth, subjecting it without restraint to their wills, as though the earth did not have its own requisites and a prior God-given purpose, which human beings can indeed develop but must not betray.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|Immortal.” Melanie paused and stared into space for a moment, her mouth moving with nothing coming out. “That is way cool,” she said finally. “That probably means you’re old. How old are you?”“Hmm, let’s see. I never remember the answer to that question.” Nick calculated for a moment. “819 years o
Lilly Granger|When You’re Accustomed to Privilege, Equality Feels Like Oppression
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|It is easy to time-travel, the physicist says—we do it every day. Travelling backward is the problem.
Helene Young|Romantic Suspense, we love you so. You make us cringe, and give us hope. Sometimes we lust, sometimes we cry, But in the end, you make us sigh.
Sophie Kinsella, I've Got Your Number|Lover? I don't know. I don't know if she loves me. I don't know if I love her. All I can say is, she's the one I think about. All the time. She's the voice I want to hear. She's the face I hope to see.
Tay Jardine|Ana was a tornado. A jagged, hundred-sided peg in a community where everyone was supposed to fit into round holes.
Tyler Hamilton, The Secret Race: Inside the Hidden World of the Tour de France: Doping, Cover-ups, and Winning at All Costs|Slowly, inch by inch, I felt myself recovering. After a few weeks, the darkness began to recede; my appetite for life returned. Haven was wonderful; she understood and nursed me through these weeks until I felt strong enough to go out in public, to get on my bike again.
Sarah-Kate Lynch, The Wedding Bees: A Novel of Honey, Love, and Manners|I've envied you over the years, carving out a different life for yourself, going where the wind blows you. That takes guts."For the briefest sliver in time, the world shimmered and Sugar saw her life as an enviable jewel: a shining gem radiating energy and possibility that no one but she would ever possess, no matter what its deficiencies.
Elif Shafak, The Flea Palace|That is what the past was, that which you could not get rid of. The past did not resemble the crumbs spilled over a rug. You could not shake them out from open windows.
Kathryn  Hall, Plant Whatever Brings You Joy: Blessed Wisdom from the Garden|Gently guide the tender vine else it become wild, tangled and impossible.
James Joyce|Jesus was a bachelor and never lived with a woman. Surely living with a woman is one of the most difficult things a man has to do, and he never did it.
Dean Koontz|Some people think only intellect counts: knowing how to solve problems, knowing how to get by, knowing how to identify an advantage and seize it. But the functions of intellect are insufficient without courage, love, friendship, compassion, and empathy.
Jason Soroski|The Bible is such a gargantuan collection of conflicting values that anyone can "prove" anything from it.
RVM|It is ironic that we are particular about flushing out all the dirt through the Drain, but we continue to retain a lot of it in our Brain.
Shinzo Abe|I'd call my work 'instinctual design.' I like to find the spirit of a piece that defies time, age, and occasion. My clothes give the wearer the chance to develop their own voice within a wardrobe, and I think of them as curators of their personal style.
Tera Lynn Childs, Forgive My Fins|Oh, Lily," He says shaking his head. "I know about love. About wanting and dreaming and wishing with every part of your soul. I know enough to reconize the parts that are real and teh parts that are only in my fantasy." Ge turns his head slightly to face me, and I find myself saying,"L-like what?""Like when she cries and my heart tears in to little shreds, and all I can think of is making her forget the source of her sadness." His face is blank, emotionless. his words -and the underlying emotion bombarding me through the bond- more than make up for it. "That's real."my voice is barely a whisper when I ask, "And fantasy?""Believing she'll ever feel the same way.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Love Restored|He might kiss like a damn sex god and rev her engine like no other, but he clearly wasn't for her.
Jack Schmitt|Time is, in fact, a cross to bear, it passes on inexorably and remorselessly, destroying everything in its wake, save art and works of the intellect.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|This little book has been written in the hope that it may appeal to several classes of readers.Not infrequently I have been asked by friends of different callings in life to recommend them some book on mimicry which shall be reasonably short, well illustrated without being very costly, and not too hard to understand. I have always been obliged to tell them that I know of nothing in our language answering to this description, and it is largely as an attempt to remedy this deficiency that the present little volume has been written.
S.K.N. Hammerstone, The Rift|Angels walk among us, Sometimes the only thing we may not see are the wings upon their backs.
Rob Martin|I am fortunate to be a resemblance, rather than a replication of who I was yesterday.
Rachel Joyce, The Love Song of Miss Queenie Hennessy|You take a very handsome guy, or a guy that thinks he's a real hot-shot, and they're always asking you to do them a big favor. Just because they're crazy about themself, they think you're crazy about them, too, and that you're just dying to do them a favor. It's sort of funny, in a way.
Jed Rubenfeld, The Interpretation of Murder|Sarah Lynn strides out of the stairwell. Lawrence watches her go. The door slushes shut behind her, and he turns to me with a tightened jaw. I want to tell him: No, no, you've got it all wrong. I don't care if you kiss a white girl. I don't care if you love a white girl. I just wish you'd chosen a white girl worthy of your love.Lawrence's Adam's apple jerks up and down, and I realize that in addition to whatever else he's feeling, he's scared. He's in love with the darling of the school, Sarah Lynn Lancaster, ad he's afriad I'll expose his secret. I give a tiny shake of my head, wanting him to know he has nothing to fear, not from me.
Mary Steenburgen|When I was a child in England before the war, Christmas pudding always contained at least one shiny new sixpence, and it was considered a sign of great good luck for the new year to find one in your helping of the pudding.
Roger Sutton, A Family of Readers: The Book Lover's Guide to Children's and Young Adult Literature|That life can be a rich place, comprised of the highbrow and the lowdown, the casual and the ambitious, private reading and public sharing. As a parent in that landscape, you'll need to be sometimes traveling companion, sometimes guides, sometimes off in your own part of the forest. A relationship between readers is complicated and cannot be reduced to such "strategies" as mandatory reading aloud, a commendable family activity whose pleasure has been codified into virtue, transforming the nightly bedtime story into a harbinger of everybody's favorite thing: homework.
Misty Copeland|I will teach people not only how to identify their goals and dreams, but subsequently give them the tools to make those dreams a reality.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|Depression is like a bruise that never goes away. A bruise in your mind. You just got to be careful not to touch it where it hurts. It's always there, though.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|Alexander the Great slept with 'The Iliad' beneath his pillow. During the waning moon, I cradle Homer’s 'Odyssey' as if it were the sweet body of a woman.
Tanya Masse|It paid to be cultured, just as long as you didn't start growing bacteria.
Heather R. Blair, Phoenix Broken|I had to decide who I was, Night or Day, Human or Vampire.
I. Alan Appt|To a certain degree,We all seek, life’s purpose and meaning,love, peace and joy,and knowledge, wealth and power…
Brandon Garic Notch|One day at a time, one round at a time, one step at time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a woman stands behind you, respect her; if she stands beside you, cherish her; if she stands with you, adore her.
V.T. Davy, Black Art|I couldn’t imagine leaving a child. Not because it was unthinkable, but because I couldn’t imagine having a child to leave.
Holly Schindler, A Blue So Dark|Simply read a child’s story that he or she is writing for school, and you will discover some of the inner struggles with which the young person is trying to cope.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|For the glory of God, the good of others, and the satisfaction of our souls, the aim of the Christian life is our coming to share in…Christlikeness or godliness—which is ‘holiness’ rightly understood.
Jacob Dalton|I've never lived my life in the opinion of others. I believe I'm a good person. I believe I'm a good mom. But that's for my kids to decide, not for the world.
Charles Stanley|The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should see God as if he stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in knowledge.
Vladimir Nabokov|At eight, he had once told his mother that he wanted to paint air.
Brandy Nacole, Raging Storm|So how did it go? I sat on the toilet and ran a hand over my hair. Um... it's still going, I whispered.It's still going? Then what are you doing calling me?Well... it's just that...What?How could I put this? I can't find his penis.Claire paused for half a second. How drunk are you?
Debasish Mridha|Burn yourself with the fire of love to enjoy the fiery, burning beauty of love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With courage of adventure, you can overcome the culture shock in a visit to a new country.
Aditya Ajmera|More and more you empty your mind, more and more you come closer to the spirit in the body.
John Cheever, The Journals of John Cheever|I dream that someone in space says to me: So let us rush, then, to see the world. It is shaped like an egg, covered with seas and continents, warmed and lighted by the sun. It has churches of indescribable beauty, raised to gods that have never been seen; cities whose distant roofs and smokestacks will make your heart leap; ballparks and comfortable auditoriums in which people listen to music of the most serious import; to celebrate life is recorded. Here the joy of women’s breasts and backsides, the colors of water, the shapes of trees, athletes, dreams, houses, the shapes of ecstasy and dismay, the shape even of an old shoe, are celebrated. Let us rush to see the world. They serve steak there on jet planes, and dance at sea. They have invented musical instruments to express love, peaceableness; to stir the finest memories and aspirations. They have invented games to catch the hearts of young men. They have ceremonies to exalt the love of men and women. They make their vows to music and the sound of bells. They have invented ways to heat their houses in the winter and cool them in the summer. They have even invented engines to cut their grass. They have free schools for the pursuit of knowledge, pools to swim in, zoos, vast manufactories of all kinds. They explore space and the trenches of the sea. Oh, let us rush to see this world.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|I've got the Mark of Cain," said Simon. "That means nothing can kill me, right?""You can kill yourself," Magnus said, somewhat unhelpfully. "As far as I know, inanimate objects can accidentally kill you. So if you were planning on teaching yourself the lambada on a greased platform over a pit full of knives, I wouldn't.""There goes my Saturday.
Anne M. Lipton, The Common Sense Guide to Dementia for Clinicians and Caregivers|The possibilities and probabilities are all we have to work with in medicine, though. What we are drawn to in this imperfect science, what we in fact covet in our way, is the alterable moment-the fragile but crystalline opportunity for one's know-how, ability, or just gut instinct to change the course of another's life for the better.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have a house but no home, you are homeless; knowledge but no wisdom, you are imprudent; acquaintances but no friends, you are lonely; money but no happiness, you are poor; and life but no joy, you are lifeless.
Caris O'Malley|Her aunt and uncle worked fifteen hours a day in their desperate attempt to keep the corner shop in profit, and their Sundays were marked by exhaustion. The moral code by which they lived was that of cleanliness, respectability and prudence. Religion was for those who had the time for it, a middle-class indulgence.
Angela Doll Carlson, Nearly Orthodox: On being a modern woman in an ancient tradition|Some websites are completely optimized for simple conver- sion, and it’s easy to tell. The design centers on one clear call to action, a vivid lozenge labeled with a verb.
Martha Graham|All, all is theft, all is unceasing and rigorous competition in nature; the desire to make off with the substance of others is the foremost - the most legitimate - passion nature has bred into us and, without doubt, the most agreeable one.
Gustavo Gutiérrez, A Theology of Liberation|Whenever a day comes when I can stand and preach God's Word without an agony of anxiety lest the people will not accept Christ; whenever a day comes when I can see men and women coming down the aisles without joy in my heart, I'll quit preaching.
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|Sometimes, sitting there on the cushion failing to watch your breath, it can feel like you’re the only weirdo weird enough to be wasting your time in this way. But you’re not! There are generations of weirdos, monasteries full of them, and we have the benefit of their accumulated wisdom.
Peter Augustine Lawler|if you do not share the universities' values, it could be a big mistake to send your children to college before they are intellectually and morally prepared for the indoctrination-rather-than-education they will receive there. Therefore, prepare them morally and intellectually and, if possible, do not send them to college right after high school. Let them work for a year, or perhaps travel (for example, given the antipathy to Israel on campuses, a trip to Israel would be both morally clarifying and maturing). The younger the student, the less life experience and maturity they have, the more they are likely to embrace the rejection of your values.
Ursley Kempe, Witches Monstrous|You are the man who made himself a devil, who wishes to be a god, all for love.
Lisa Genova, Inside the O'Briens|If you don't like the solution, change the problem.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|I'm glad it's a girl. And I hope she'll be a fool--that's the best thing a girl can be in this world, a beautiful little fool.
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|How strange it was, I thought, that when the tiny though thousandfold beauties of the Earth disappeared and the immeasurable beauty of outer space rose in the distant quiet splendor of light, man and the greatest number of other creatures were supposed to be asleep! Was it because we were only permitted to catch a fleeting glimpse of those great bodies and then only in the mysterious time of a dream world, those great bodies about which man had only the slightest knowledge but perhaps one day would be permitted to examine more closely? Or was it permitted for the great majority of people to gaze at the starry firmament only in brief, sleepless moments so that the splendor wouldn't become mundane, so that the greatness wouldn't be diminished?
Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|But the magic moment when he walks alone has not yet happened, and I was praying he would do it before I have to leave. Now he will take his first step without me. And every step thereafter, I know. Every step of his life, and me not there to see him walk.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|The sky was like ebony and the only illumination was the harsh white light of the central streetlamp, which cast shadows so hard it seemed you might cut yourself on them.
Daniel Deutschlander|The unbiblical idea of "spirituality" is that the truly "spiritual" man is the person who is sort of "non-physical," who doesn't get involved in "earthly" things, who doesn't work very much or think very hard, and who spends most of his time meditating about how he'd rather be in heaven. As long as he's on earth, though, he has one main duty in life: Get stepped on for Jesus. The "spiritual" man, in this view, is a wimp. A Loser. But at least he's a Good Loser.
Shannon Hale|Seriously, a thirty-something woman shouldn't be daydreaming about a fictional character in a two-hundred-year-old world to the point where it interfered with her very real and much more important life and relationships. Of course she shouldn't. 
Kamand Kojouri|He tried to measure his day by tallying the hours on his wrist.I wiped it off and called him a prisoner.He placed the hours on a scalewith hours from former days to compare.I took a hammer and broke it all.He bent down and picked up the shards of minutes firstthen swept the seconds.I told him he’d missed a spot;there were some sparkling specks left.'What are they?' he asked.'Those are moments,' I said.'What are they made of?' he asked.They are times, I thought, when you win a raceor win a heart.They are times when you give birth or lay something, someone to rest.When you wake up in the morning with a smile because anything is possible.When someone compliments the thing you hate most about yourself.Times when you are embarrassed.Times when you are hurtful.Times when you relish in a hearty meal.Times when you service others and are content with a well-spent day.'What are they made of?' he asked again.'They are made up of times when we are fully present.'I picked up one of the specks with the tipof my finger.'Do you remember this?' I asked.'Of course,' he said, 'I was whistling in the kitchen that morning.''Why?' I asked.'Because of the knowledge that I was loved.
Shannon L. Alder|Karsa's expression soured. 'When I began this journey, I was young. I believed in one thing. Ibelieved in glory. I know now, Siballe, that glory is nothing. Nothing. This is what I now understand.''What else do you now understand, Karsa Orlong?''Not much. Just one other thing. The same cannot be said for mercy.
Alexandra Adornetto, Heaven|You're prettier than I imagined you", Raphael said. "Uh... thank you," I said. "But I don't really...""Wait,wait, I've got one," he interrupted. "Somebody better call God. Because Heaven's missing an angel!
Sante Ntokamayo Kulimbwa|This is what I call life: a God to save, a woman to love, a job to do, and a cause to fight
Peter Maass, Love Thy Neighbor: A Story of War|We all know it's safer to beat up on people who won't retaliate,' he told her, 'but it's a quick way to lose friends. You need to find ways of dealing with confrontation when it happens.
Guy Kawasaki, APE: Author, Publisher, Entrepreneur. How to Publish a Book|Steven wrote to me today, saying, 'Don't you feel like sticking your head out of the window and yelling, "I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'M DOING!!!"' Yes, absolutely. Solidarity. Fear is always the same. Different worries with different scripts, but the same baseline fear.
Nelson Mandela|Be a dreamer. If you don't know how to dream, you're dead.
Nancy S. Mure, Eat! Empower. Adjust. Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed on Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|All the happiness, health, and abundance you experience in life comes directly from your ability to love and be loved. This ability is innate, not acquired.
Will Cuppy|Whales are silly once every two years. The young are called short-heads or baby blimps. Many whale romances begin in Baffin's bay and end in Procter and Gamble's factory, Staten Island.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|We too are called to withdraw at certain intervals into deeper silence and aloneness with God, together as a community as well as personally; to be alone with Him — not with our books, thoughts, and memories but completely stripped of everything — to dwell lovingly in His presence, silent, empty, expectant, and motionless. We cannot find God in noise or agitation.
Jason Day|My dad was in the Second World War with General Patton. He won medals for bravery, but he came home quite damaged, so he was a handful. He told us some terrible stories, and I guess you'd say he suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Aristotle|Reading about nature is fine, but if a person walks in the woods and listens carefully, he can learn more than what is in books, for they speak with the voice of God.
Srinidhi.R|I dream that one day I would be a published writer and people would read my books - if not, I would be living in the mountains in a small hut, near a pond where swans swim, writing a diary for myself.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|My mom was there to answer the unanswerable, to make sense of the fault in our life - and we got through that somehow; we came out on the other side. Now I'm 0 for 2 and I don't get any more pitches to swing at.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|The natural world is built upon common motifs and patterns. Recognizing patterns in nature creates a map for locating yourself in change, and anticipation what is yet to come.
Corin Nemec|Everybody has goals, aspirations or whatever, and everybody has been at a point in their life where nobody believed in them.
Danny Boyle|If you can't tell a spoon from a ladle, then you're fat!
Tina J. Richardson|I'm okay with who I am.You might not understand me. That's okay as I don't understand you.We can still be friends, we just have to accept our differences.
Enid Shomer|AttractionThe whites of his eyespull me like moons.He smiles. I believehis face. Alreadymy body slips down in the chair:I recline on my side,offering peeled grapes.I can taste his tonguein my mouthwhenever he speaks.I suspect he lies.But my body oils itself loose.When he gets up to fix a drinkmy legs like derrickshoist me off the seat.I am thirsty, it seams.Already I see the seductionfar off in the distancelike a large treedwarfed by a risein the road.I put away objectionsas quietly as quilts.Already I explain to myselfhow marriages are broken--accidentally, like arms or legs.
Richard Wright, Native Son|If there's to be damnation, she had said, let it be of my choosing, not theirs. He knew a little about damnation himself… and he had an idea that the lessons, far from being done, were just beginning.
Christine Gregoire|We all have a responsibility to protect endangered species, both for their sake and for the sake of our own future generations.
Michelle Obama|And I believe only with a strong America will we defeat this radical group, this apocalyptic group called ISIS. That's why when I'm president we are going to rebuild our intelligence capabilities. And they're going to tell us where the terrorists are. And a rebuilt U.S. military is going to destroy these terrorists.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|Who made man the exclusive judge, if woman partake with him the gift of reason?In this style, argue tyrants of every denomination, from the weak king to the weak father of a family; they are all eager to crush reason; yet always assert that they usurp its throne only to be useful.
Thomas Piketty, Capital in the Twenty-First Century|All told, over the period 1932-1980, nearly half a century, the top federal income tax rate in the United States averaged 81 percent.
L.J. Smith, Shadow Souls|Secrets have a way of making themselves felt, even before you know there's a secret.
Lindsey Stirling|You cannot break any of God`s laws, you can only break yourself.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|In a flash I saw the truth; that my love for this spot is built up of numberless trivialities, of small memories all incommunicable, or ridiculous when communicated...
Ruth Whippman, America the Anxious: How Our Pursuit of Happiness Is Creating a Nation of Nervous Wrecks|Giving birth, for me, was like emerging from a car crash to find myself inexplicably, madly in love with Vladimir Putin.
Jane Lotter, The Bette Davis Club|I believe in giving as honest an answer as I can. Because perhaps if people spent more time being honest with each other, especially with children, there would be less unhappiness in the world.
Debasish Mridha|A friend is he who can feel your heart's beating and dance with it when it is joyful, cry with it when it is torn, and inspire when it is in need.
Shahrizad Shafian, Tunjuk Langit Cinta|Receiving is good but giving is much better. Nevertheless, sharing is the best.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I'm ready for something private, private and real
Antonio Machado, Times Alone: Selected Poems|While the burning fish is tracing his arcnear the cypress, beneath the highest blue of all,and the blind boy flies away in the white stone,and the ivory poem of the green cicadabeats and reverberates in the elm,let us give honor to the Lord—the black mark of his good hand—who has arranged for silence in all this noise.	Honor to the god of distance and of absence,ff the anchor in the sea—the open sea…He frees us from the world—it’s everywhere—he opens roads for us to walk on.	With our cup of darkness filled to the brim,with our heart that always knows some hunger,let us give honor to the Lord who created the zeroand carved our thought out of the block of faith.
Dalai Lama XIV|Once we are able to combine a feeling of empathy for others with a profound understanding of the suffering they experience, we become able to generate genuine compassion for them. We must work at this continually.
Mu Xin, An Empty Room|I watched something vanish, as if I was in a dream from which I couldn't wake.
Orison Swett Marden|The gospel alone liberates you to live a life of scandalous generosity, unrestrained sacrifice, uncommon valor, and unbounded courage.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Sometimes, one needs another pair of eyes to see things clearly.
Alan Sugar|If you wait for the right time or the good times to start a business, you wait all your life.
Ogwo David Emenike|Whatever thing the mind can imagine, the eyes can see, the hands will soon handle.
Jeannine Atkins, Finding Wonders: Three Girls Who Changed Science|Names and knowledge change, the way the turningworld brings color or deep shadows, without a soundeven as soft as the twist of a key in a lock.
Joanie Connell, Flying Without a Helicopter: How to Prepare Young People for Work and Life|In a world filled with liars, some still seem surprised at the lengths to which some will go-yet we fear our own truth & so become numb to our own senses.
Peter  Rogers|(About the magic bathroom).If knowledge is money, and money is gold, then this is modern day Alchemy. Feces (wasted time) is turned into gold (knowledge).
Lailah Gity Akita|If we learn to live with few wants, we shall forever be happy.
Werner Herzog|Many people you think are individual achievers in fact have either a strong spousal partner over many years or a business partner who's either in the background, not given enough publicity or less egocentric.
Steve Jobs|Future orientation is combined with a notion and expectation of progress, and nothing is impossible.
Oscar Hammerstein II|All I ever wanted was to be a sexy bride, and actually, I think I've turned into a romantic bride.
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|The tears were there, waiting to make their escape. But she wouldn’t let them. Not this time. She couldn’t. Because if there was one thing she had to do now, it was be strong and brave. She just had to be strong and brave for one week. That was no time at all. And when the week was over and Milo had found his true mate, she would disappear.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic & Baby|Love is all that counts in this crazy, mixed-up world...
Sofia Kovalevskaya|Visual impressions are greatly intensified and the eye recovers some of the perceptual innocence of childhood, when the sensum was not immediately and automatically subordinated to the concept. Interest in space is diminished and interest in time falls almost to zero.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|The instinct to survive is human nature itself, and every aspect of our personalities derives from it. Anything that conflicts with the survival instinct acts sooner or later to eliminate the individual and thereby fails to show up in future generations. . . . A scientifically verifiable theory of morals must be rooted in the individual's instinct to survive--and nowhere else!--and must correctly describe the hierarchy of survival, note the motivations at each level, and resolve all conflicts.We have such a theory now; we can solve any moral problem, on any level. Self-interest, love of family, duty to country, responsibility toward the human race . . . .The basis of all morality is duty, a concept with the same relation to group that self-interest has to individual.
Donald Norman|Married couples who work together to build and maintain a business assume broad responsibilities. Not only is their work important to our local and national economies, but their success is central to the well-being of their families.
Jonathan Swift|I read everything, but generally more fact than fiction - especially autobiographies and biographies. I've read 'Long Walk to Freedom' by Nelson Mandela at least twice on holiday. Every time, I'm totally awed by his vision, strength and forgiveness. I feel honoured to have got to know him and his wonderful wife Graca over the years.
Moby|Playing in my early bands, working as a studio musician, producing and going to art school was, in retrospect, my apprenticeship. I was learning and creating a solid foundation of ideas, but I wasn't really playing music.
Pico Iyer|I think, increasingly, despite what we are being told is an ever more open world of communication, there is a terrible alienation in the ordinary man between what he is being told and what he secretly believes.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A rose started off a bud, a bird started off an egg, and a forest started off a seed.
Alex Gibney|Bob Dylan's Christianity has been allusive, idiosyncratic, and never the sort to place him on anyone's side in any Kulturkampf.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Vol. 27: The Whisperer War|I, Larry Vail, do hereby confessTo murdering Merry in her little dress.To strangling and raping and making a mess.To all of these charges the answer is yes.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|Beside me, Molly rolled her shoulders in a few jerky motions and pushed at her hair in fitful little gestures. She tugged at her well-tattered skirts, and grimaced at her boots. "Can you see if there’s any mud on them?" I paused to consider her for a second. Then I said, "You have two tattoos showing right now, and you probably used a fake ID to get them. Your piercings would set off any metal detector worth the name, and you’re featuring them in parts of your anatomy your parents wish you didn’t yet realize you had. You’re dressed like Frankenhooker, and your hair has been dyed colors I previously thought existed only in cotton candy.” I turned to face the door again. “I wouldn’t waste time worrying about a little mud on the boots.
Peter Meinke|I loved a woman whose beauty Like the moon moved all the humming heavens to music till the stars with their tiny teeth burst into song and I fell on the ground before her while the sky hardened and she laughed and turned me down softly, I was so young.
Ruth Benedict|Meanwhile, our young men and women whose economic circumstances make military service a viable career choice are dying bravely in a war with no end in sight.
Sumit Singh, A Transcendental Yogi Life: With Eternal Stories|Loneliness is a very real thing, but it only means even you don't want to be with yourself
Jack LaLanne|It's challenging, but you have to at least try to eat right and exercise.
A.J. Young, My Sudden Alpha Mate|Hi— I’m Ted Mosby. And exactly 45 days from now you and I are going to meet and we’re going to fall in love and we’re going to get married and we’re going to have 2 kids and we’re going to love them and each other so much. All that is 45 days away, but I’m here now I guess because… I want those extra 45 days with you. I want each one of them. Look and if I can’t have them I’ll take the 45 seconds before your boyfriend shows up and punches me in the face, because… I love you. I’m always gonna love you, til the end of my days and beyond. You’ll see.
Joe Lando|If you never change your mind, why have one?
Ramana Pemmaraju|Good things happen, bad things are done...
Faiqa Mansab, THIS House of Clay and Water|It is not often that I have two options to choose from. It is nice to be compelled towards something, otherwise one drifts through life unimpeded.Bhanggi
Michelle Cuevas, Beyond the Laughing Sky|He saw the kind of beauty yellow flowers have growing over a carpet of dead leaves. The beauty of cracks forming a mosaic in a dry riverbed, of emerald-green algae at the base of a seawall, of a broken shard from a blue bottle. The beauty of a window smudged with tiny prints. The beauty of wild weeds.
Ronald Reagan|Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears from the eyes of woman.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Conscience is the absolute truthfulness perceived, which comes from Nothing, our true nature, and as such reflects things exactly the way they are.
Michelle Obama|To have a healthy culture, you have to have stable health care financing and stable arts financing and stable sports financing, and if you don't have that, your culture becomes a parking lot.
Abby Rosmarin, No One Reads Poetry: A Collection of Poems|If I believe, truly believe our soulsare meant to cross paths, in each andevery life, traversing millennia and repeatingthis sweet interaction time and time againThen what is one lifetimewhere those interactions arecut short- For the Departed
William Hazlitt|Maybe we're on the wrong side of some metaphorical bridge where the grass is crusty and not grass at all, but sharp little spines of glass. I dunno, Moritz.But the one little speck of green that I get is your letters, so please never stop writing me.You got that?Never stop.Because you'll never meet me and it's the closest we can get.
Voltaire|on doit des égards aux vivants, on ne doit aux morts que la vérité.
Marilyn Manson|Jealousy is bred in doubts. When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.
Nicholas Tucker, Darkness Visible: Inside the World of Philip Pullman|Eventually sinking into despair, [Heinrich von Kleist] shot himself in 1811 as part of a suicide pact made with a woman suffering from incurable cancer.
Sean Covey|It's all about how you feel, not how you look
Keith Floyd|Good food is very often, even most often, simple food.
Ana Chapman|Trying Will Not Lead Into Actions, You Have To Do It
John Nardizzi, Telegraph Hill|I was that stupid, I realized. I was also stupid enough not to realize that sometimes even the most beautiful souls need to be shown love once in a while.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|As I indicated in an earlier chapter, it is so important to pause and think through some of these basic issues while you are young, before the pressures of job and family become distracting. Everyone must deal with the eternal questions sooner or later. You will benefit, I think, from doing that work now. As I said earlier, whether you are an atheist, a Muslim, a Buddhist, a Jew, a New Ager, an agnostic, or a Christian, the questions confronting the human family are the same. Only the answers will differ.
James Lee Burke, Black Cherry Blues|I am positive of only a few things in life, and one is that if you want to have a decent middle and old age, you have to get exercise almost every day.
Una McCormack|No true friendship takes account of credit and debt. It gives freely, without thought of compensation or reward.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|To retreat into oneself and meet nobody for hours on end—that is what one must be able to attain. To be alone, as one was alone as a child, when the grown-ups walked about involved in things which seemed great and important, because big people looked so busy and because one could comprehend nothing of their doings. And when one day one realises that their affairs are paltry, their professions benumbed and no longer connected with life, why not still like a child look upon them as something strange from without the depth of one's own world, regarding them from the immunity of one's own loneliness, which is itself work, position and profession? Why desire to exchange a child's wise incomprehension for self-defence and disdain? Incomprehension is loneliness, but self-defence and disdain are participation in that from which one is trying to separate oneself by these means.
Brent M. Jones|Memory fill the night. Please help make my pain and memories light. In your arms I find comfort. Guide me in my days. Help me Lord, this night
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Friends don’t spy; true friendship is about privacy, too.
Madelyn Alt, No Rest for the Wiccan|The views of others reflect not at all upon you unless you allow them to. Their views are colored by their own life experiences: their fears, their loves, their hatreds, their needs, their insecurities. Nothing you can say will ever change their minds. Only they can do that. What better way to show them the error of their ways than to demonstrate to them that the Light that they revere is in every path to spirituality? To lead and instruct by being the best that we can be, always? And that darkness can be found in anyone, in any faith, and that it is not so much to be feared so long as it is in balance with the Light within. Balance is the key. Tolerance is the way.
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|The uniform enhanced his athletic body, and my thoughts drifted to how magnificent he would look with his uniform puddled around his feet.
Lauren Cagliola Green, The Visitors|I just stood there, like a grain of sand amongst amillion others on a beach.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|Without war there are no heroes.""What harm would that be?""Oh, Lavinia, what a woman's question that is.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|A miserable collection of little secrets, that's all any of us is. 
Daniel Love|If you’re not smiling at yourself in the mirror, you probably need to check that the life you’re building is aligned to the life you dreamed for yourself. And if you’re not dreaming, you need to start dreaming.
T.K. Naliaka, In Time of Peril|I'm in a squad where I'd rather shoot the C.O than the enemy.- Cooper HawkesKnock it off. -T,C. McQueenYou know what I'm saying, Sir. I mean I never felt like shooting you. -Cooper HawkesStop it, Hawkes. You're making me all misty.-- T.C. McQueen
Anthony Joshua|I loved growing up in Canada. It's a great place to grow up because - well, at least where I grew up - it's very multicultural. There's also good health care and a good education system.
Robert Paul Weston, Zorgamazoo|Here is a story that’s stranger than strange. Before we begin you may want to arrange:a blanket, a cushion, a comfortable seat,and maybe some cocoa and something to eat.I’ll warn you, of course, before we commence, my story is eerie and full of suspense, brimming with danger and narrow escapes, and creatures of many remarkable shapes.Dragons and ogres and gorgons and more, and creatures you’ve not even heard of before. And faraway places? There’s plenty of those! (And menacing villains to tingle your toes.)So ready your mettle and steady your heart. It’s time for my story’s mysterious start...
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Betrayal|The rest of the short walk was silent. It was that loud sortof silence where the absence is painful, when there’s so much tosay, but nothing is said.
Konrad Bloch|If you listen to your body and your intuition, they’ll guide you well. There are countless ways to develop listening skills. Some helpful and classic practices include: dancing and drumming, sitting and walking meditations, t’ai chi or chi kung, painting or journal writing. It’s important to find what works for you, and even the time of day or night that works best for you. Whatever you choose, the commonality is that they all offer an opportunity for quieting the mind, and slowing down enough to bepresent and able to listen for inner guidance—and guidance from the plants themselves.
Roy J. Mathew|Darwinism is dynamic. It is about change, not stasis; about process, not pattern; about tales, not tableaux; about becoming, not being.
David Eddings, The Hidden City|Humanity's relationship with the Divine is one of mutual give and take, and we mutually opted to part ways. But this perpetuation - setting up a way of thinking, and just letting it run - it doesn't always yield good results.
Grigoris Deoudis|How can it feel so perfect with someone one second, but then the next second everything’s suddenly all wrong?
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Shane stood up when he saw her, which made her heart turn cartwheels, and he pulled out her chair. Eve and Michael shared an amused look."So cute," Eve said. When Shane glared, she smiled. "No, really. It is. Dude, chill.
Yasmine Sherif (The Case for Humanity: An Extraordinary Session)|The light within is a fire, whose flame does not burn, but brings warmth; and whose rays do not blind, but illuminate. Once kindled, it blazes a trail and lights our way.
Sia|I don't think it's anything you ever get used to... for many years, I could never sort of put my name in the same sort of category as the word 'famous' or anything like that. And I just found it very uncomfortable... if you get used to it, then something must be wrong.
Kittie Blessed|Memories are the precious moments wrapped in delicate ribbon. The ones kept dear are beautifully woven around our heart, the ones that don't hold the beauty of the ribbon, unties itself naturally.
Jim Butcher|Rain was coming down in sheets. I could hear it, on the concrete outside and on the old building above me. It creaked and swayed in the spring thunderstorm and the wind, timbers gently flexing, wise enough with age to give a little, rather than put up stubborn resistance until they broke. I could probably stand to learn something from that.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|If you say something over and over and over again you may just start to believe it. If you truly do believe it, you can be sure you will receive it.Selkie Anne, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|And he kissed me . . . slow. Agonizingly, maddeningly, painfully slow.I loved kissing. I also loved what it usually led to, but I was especially loving this part with Leo. The beginning, when everything is new and exciting, and everything in the entire world boils down to sweet feathering lips and quiet sighs. When the stars fade and the earth ceases to turn, its axis forgotten in the wake of things like: which way will you lean and which way will my neck naturally turn, and is it possible that I can actually detect your fingerprints, because my skin seems so alive right now and my nose just brushed yours and the tiny groan that just rumbled from deep in your chest is the most erotic sound imaginable, and gee your hair smells terrific
Nix Banner, Framed|I'm out of the room in the next instant, like a man wanting breath, after suffocating through the horror of a burrito eating obese man's fart." - Emily Dolt
Evel Knievel|For as long as I can remember, I have wanted to be a godly person. Yet when I look at the yesterdays of my life, what I see, mostly, is a broken, irregular path littered with mistakes and failure. I have had temporary successes and isolated moments of closeness to God, but I long for the continuing presence of Jesus.
Rose McIver|Stephen King has inspired me with his humor and honesty, and his admonition that the author's job is to tell the truth.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|People are good or half good or a quarter good, and it changes all the time- but even on the best day nobody's perfect.
James Comey|A country's economic growth may be defined as a long-term rise in capacity to supply increasingly diverse economic goods to its population, this growing capacity based on advancing technology and the institutional and ideological adjustments that it demands.
Michelle Obama|I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism.
Robin Hobb, Ship of Magic|Why do we say razzle-dazzle instead of dazzle-razzle? Why super-duper, helter-skelter, harum-scarum, hocus-pocus, willy-nilly, hully-gully, roly-poly, holy moly, herky-jerky, walkie-talkie, namby-pamby, mumbo-jumbo, loosey-goosey, wing-ding, wham-bam, hobnob, razza-matazz, and rub-a-dub-dub? I thought you'd never ask. Consonants differ in "obstruency"—the degree to which they impede the flow of air, ranging from merely making it resonate, to forcing it noisily past an obstruction, to stopping it up altogether. The word beginning with the less obstruent consonant always comes before the word beginning with the more obstruent consonant. Why ask why?
Carrie Jones, Captivate|Should we keep on the lookout for tigers?” Kenda asked his guide.“Yes,” Shahin said, his voice lowering again. “They like to pounce from behind. I've been watching our backs ever since we lost the thugs. I meant to tell you once you calmed down. Now that you know, you can help me.”“Then we are being followed?” He hoped his voice did not squeak.“Yes,” Shahin repeated gravely. “By whom or what, I do not know.”“This just gets better and better,” he groaned.
LJ Shen|If you want to be strong, be.
Will Leamon|Not that she means anything by it, he knows. This is simply her lifelong habit of moderation at work, her need to tamp everything down to the routine, the modest, the tepid everyday. He understands the whole concept of boundaries, but there’s a point where this mania for normalizing turns toxic.
Israelmore Ayivor|People appear like angels until you hear them speak. You must not rush to judge people by the colour of their cloaks, but by the content of their words!
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|What do you call yourself?" the Fawn said at last. Such a soft sweet voice it had!"I wish I knew!" thought poor Alice. She answered, rather sadly, "Nothing, just now.""Think again," it said: "that won't do."Alice thought, but nothing came of it. "Please, would you tell me what you call yourself?" she said timidly, "I think that might help a little.""I'll tell you, if you'll come a little further on," the Fawn said. "I can't remember here."So they walked on together through the wood, Alice with her arms clasped lovingly round the soft neck of the Fawn, till they came out into another open field, and here the Fawn gave a sudden bound into the air, and shook itself free from Alice's arms. "I'm a Fawn!" it cried out in a voice of delight. "And dear me, you're a human child!" A sudden look of alarm came into its beautiful brown eyes, and in another moment it had darted away at full speed.
Amy Lane, Dex in Blue|With Dante gone, time seemed to stand still around me; the mornings just as cloudy and dark as the evenings, as if the sun had never decided to rise. There was no wind, like the world was holding its breath along with me, waiting for him to return.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We were like the Mount Everest climbers stepping over frozen corpses from prior climbing disasters in our quest for the summit. Like those climbers, we were motivated by a fear far greater than death—the fear of not reaching the top.
Robert   Dubois, The perfect lover's handbook|as i sit here in a chaoticsilence of the roamingocean in mymind, the only think that puts me at ease is the memoryof you staring back atme. you coiled my fears by letting  meinside of the gully of your eyes.
Paul McCartney|It's funny. People often compare me to other humor essayists. They're usually quite nice comparisons; I will accept those gladly. But I am always sort of appalled at the idea of being lumped with other, more chick-y female writers. And the truth is probably that neither comparison is accurate.
Robert Mugabe|I tend to arrive in the rehearsal process with very strongly developed ideas about what I want to do. But I don't like those ideas to be things that are not subject to change, or subject to development, or subject to challenge.
Kei Miller, The Last Warner Woman|Maybe you shake your head, but let me learn a lesson right now: plenty knowledge is in this world. Enough knowledge that you can pick and refuse. And if you want, you can refuse to know plenty things, don't care how true those things be. I know things you does not know, and things you will never know. And it is sake of that - sake of this knowledge - that people have looked on me and called me old fool or crazy. They treat me like I is retarded. Imagine that. I is the idiot because I know what they don't know.
Betsy Schow, Spelled|Dear Grimm, we’re not in Emerald anymore.” I started to hyperventilate.Rexi remained sprawled on her back. She barely opened an eye at my hysterics. “Duh.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the world gives you a thousand reasons to cry, find a thousand and one reasons to smile.
Vitruvius|In a world where it is so easy to neglect, deny, corrupt and suppress the truth, the scientist may find his discipline severe. For him, truth is so seldom the sudden light that shows new order and beauty; more often, truth is the uncharted rock that sinks his ship in the dark.
Shannon L. Alder|Somethings worth having defy logic. They come with obstacles, challenges, battles and long periods of wandering in the dark. Your path won't make sense to your family or friends. People will weigh in with their life rules and fears, but in the end it is your life. That pull you feel is real and often your intuition. It nags at you everyday. Follow it for as far as it takes you because life is too short to dwell on indecision, while you forget to live. Take a chance because if you have a good heart God isn't going to abandon you. He will travel wherever you need to go, in order to find the missing pieces of your soul.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|And what constitutes evil, real evil, is the taking of a single human life. Whether a man would die tomorrow or the day after or eventually... it doesn't matter. Because if God does not exist, then life... every second of it... Is all we have.
Carl Henegan|I touch his cheek, see my hand shake, and quickly pull itback. He grabs my wrist, places my palm back against hischeek, and closes his eyes like he’s in agony. Or bliss. Ormaybe both. Like he’s never been touched before.
Shannon L. Alder|Always trust your gut instinct. There will come a time when you will understand, but for now trust God has a plan greater than you have ever imagined.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When picking a leader, choose a peacemaker. One who unites, not divides. A cultured leader who supports the arts and true freedom of speech, not censorship.
John Ashbery, Some Trees|The music brought us what it seemed / We had long desired, but in a form / so rarefied there was no emptiness of sensation
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The three great pillars of life; hope, faith and love. The greatest is love.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|Skepticism has never founded empires, established principals, or changed the world's heart. The great doers in history have always been people of faith.
Hazel V. Carby, Reconstructing Womanhood: The Emergence of the Afro-American Woman Novelist|The objective of stereotypes is not to reflect or represent a reality but to function as a disguise, or mystification, of objective social relations.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Since the fall of Man and the return of Magery and our older ways, most disputes were settled in a civilized manner: sword to the face, mace to the neck, acceptable societal situational handlers
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|I got through it, and I wore it like a badge of honor—I Can Be Alone and it's Okay.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|I knew they would kill me when they found out, but…” He struggled for words, releasing a sharp breath. “I think I realized that I would rather die because I betrayed them, than live because I betrayed you.
Pearl S. Buck, The Eternal Wonder|Nothing has been as instructive in exploring the notion of authenticity as relearning the work of the great philosophers Aristotle and Plato. We are struck by their applicability to our work as we help companies and people develop their brands. Why do these early philosophers have so much to say that is helpful to modern marketers? We believe it is because they were focused on the fundamental issues of authenticity that we all face: Who are we? Why are we? How should we behave? Asking these questions encourages us to deepen our self-awareness. In particular, this issue of “who are we?” is critical. Knowing who we are is the key to elevating our capacities and performance.
Darlene Ouimet|Attitudes and ignorance” about (any type of) abuse can be passed down through the generations. It is important to our healing that we sort out the belief systems we adopt; belief systems that were taught to us and because they are so full of lies, they lead to all kinds of depressions, addictions and other struggles while we try to cope with the manifestations of the problems instead of the roots of the problems.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|To enhance and expand your vision, get an education.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|The passenger liner Ossifar Distana was one of the most luxurious of its kind in space anywhere. It ferried the cream of society across the void in opulence and style. Only the wealthiest could afford an apartment on this ship for a trip of any duration, even a short one around the proverbial block. Even the crew was obliged to pay rent.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is a perceptual reality, not an absolute certainty.
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|His gaze settles on the discarded book. He leans, reaching until his fingertips graze Dante's Inferno, still on its bed of folded sheets. "What have we here?" he asks."Required reading," I say."It's a shame they do that," he says, thumbing through the pages. "Requirement ruins even the best of books.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Siddhartha wants liberation, Dante wants Beatrice, Frodo wants to get to Mount Doom—we all want something. Quest is elemental to the human experience. All road narratives are to some extent built on quest. If you’re a woman, though, this fundamental possibility of quest is denied. You can’t go anywhere if you can’t step out onto a road……(T)here is no female counterpart in our culture to Ishmael or Huck Finn. There is no Dean Moriarty, Sal, or even a Fuckhead. It sounds like a doctoral crisis, but it’s not. As a fifteen-year-old hitchhiker, my survival depended upon other people’s ability to envision a possible future for me. Without a Melvillean or Kerouacian framework, or at least some kind of narrative to spell out a potential beyond death, none of my resourcefulness or curiosity was recognizable, and therefore I was unrecognizable.
Theodore Jerome Cohen, House of Cards: Dead Men Tell No Tales|Lies can be expensive to maintain, Alexa. And I’m sure we haven’t seen one percent of the price that the lies in this case ultimately will exact.
Damon Galgut, Arctic Summer|The Indians were inside their bodies, he decided, in a way that the British were not. His own flesh impeded his spirit.
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|A child who is born is something to seek out, something to search for, a star, a northern light, a column of energy in the universe. And a child who dies-that's an abomination.
George Plimpton|We had a teacher called Fanny Menlove, and I remember once when she was out of the room Nancy went up to the blackboard and wrote it backward - Menlove Fanny - and we all fell around laughing. She got into big trouble, but she didn't seem to mind. She had no fear.
Unarine Ramaru|Never let the little things, disrupt the biggest things you cherish in life. The smallest mistake, can cause the biggest regret and hurt to your closest companion.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|For so many years I lived in constant terror of myself. Doubt had married my fear and moved into my mind, where it built castles and ruled kingdoms and reigned over me, bowing my will to its whispers until I was little more than an acquiescing peon, too terrified to disobey, too terrified to disagree. I had been shackled, a prisoner in my own mind.But finally, finally, I have learned to break free.
Walter Dean Myers|I'm blessed with a good pair of ears. That's how I fooled my piano teacher. I'd watch his fingers and I'd listen to it, and I just kind of basically learned it by myself.
Lee Wardlaw, Won-Ton: A Cat Tale Told in Haiku|The only purpose of cats is that they constitute mobile decorative objects, a concept which I find intellectually interesting, but unfortunately our cats have such drooping bellies that this does not apply to them.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|By night, Love, tie your heart to mine, and the two together in their sleep will defeat the darkness
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|The scientific method entails two assumptions that are so basic that, even if you spell them out, they are still difficult to keep in mind. First: that the observer stays the same while the world changes. Second: that cause precedes effect.But the very nature of the experiment we are conducting means that the second of these assumptions is thrown into doubt. We are deliberately attempting to engineer an event in which effect chronologically precedes cause.If one of these assumptions is under threat, why not the other?
T.H. Janabi, Clinging to a Myth: The Story Behind Evolution|All disciplines of science are built on the causality of the relationships governing related events. Yet the theory of evolution is built upon the idea of accidental changes that resulted in complex living systems. I was unable to comprehend how the notion that an infinite number of random accidents systematically happened to produce living species, and kept improving these beings, is justified.
Gemma Halliday, Deadly Cool|I'll go," he said."And that's safer because?""I'm a guy.""Right, and having a pair of dingle balls makes you invincible how?
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|We've decided to wake a miss for you because you are nice. We want a booby as roomful as ours."Everybody had seen the Hobgoblin laugh, but nobody believed he could smile. He was so happy that you could see it all over him -- from his hat to his boots! Without a word he waved his cloak over the grass -- and behold! Once more the garden was filled with a pink light and there on the grass before them lay a twin to the King's Ruby -- the Queen's Ruby.
Anonymous|She pulls up to the drive wayParks the car, Gets Out, Walks up to the door, And embraces me with an iron holdShe is a friend and hugs me the same way she used to, Her hands sliding into their old creases along my bodyI let her into the house, knowing I could never refuseAs she walks through my doors, she reminds me why she stands in my living roomShe tells me that she has returned because of my actions I didn’t learn from the last timeIts my faultI should have been better, she berates meI should have let people in, she tells meI should not have gotten mad, she shares with meI should not have locked myself away, she lets me knowI silently bear all the responsibility for her returnAs we start to get deep into conversation, I realize she has brought her bagsSuitcase after suitcase lets me know she is here to stayShe tells me she will run my life from now onShe will make my scheduleShe will direct how I actShe has come to my doors, breached my walls, destroyed my defenses, and announced her ownership.Crownless in my own kingdomI am defeated.This old friend is called Loneliness
C. JoyBell C.|Thomas Builds-the-Fire closed his eyes and told this story:“I remember when I had this dream that told me to go to Spokane, to stand by the falls in the middle of the city and wait for a sign. I knew I had to go there but I didn’t have a car. Didn’t have a license. I was only thirteen. So I walked all the way, took me all day, and I finally made it to the falls. I stood there for an hour waiting. Then your dad came walking up. ‘What the hell are you doing here? He asked me. I said, ‘waiting for a vision.’ Then your father said, ‘All you’re going to get here is mugged.’ So he drove me to Denny’s, bought me dinner, and then drove me home to the reservation. For a long time I was mad because I thought my dreams had lied to me. But they didn’t. Your dad was my vision. ‘Take care of each other’ is what my dreams were saying. ‘Take care of each other.
Shannon L. Alder|When you lose your ego, you win. It really is that simple.
Roshan Sharma|Whether a thought is spoken or not, it is a real thing and has powers of reality.
Sunday Adelaja|You have to be vulnerable and open to experience the new, as nothing else gonna substitute it..
Meghan Masterson, The Wardrobe Mistress: A Novel of Marie Antoinette|With the way Bertha can cook and her good-natured personality, she’ll be married in no time. We’ll see to it!” She cast a speculative glance around. “Why I see ten available men within a hundred feet of us. ... Bertha will manage just fine…“ I hope.
Jeremy Whitley, Princeless, Vol. 1: Save Yourself|So, what you're saying is, just because a warrior is a woman doesn't mean they yhave to wear a chain mail bikini? Like, they could wear...real armor?
Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses|- Do you want to know why I followed you into that funeral parlor?- You said you followed me on a whim.- That´s the truth, but there´s more to it. I was parking at the gas station across the street and I saw you get out of your car. I didn´t think much of it until you pausen on your way inside the shop. You tilted your head toward the sun and closed your eyes, like a prisoner stepping outside after years of being locked away. It seemed so odd. No one just stops and appreciates life like that, but you did. I could see your smile from across the street and I couldn´t look away. I knew in that moment that I was completely uninterested in pursuing a life in wich I didn´t cross that street and meet you.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Oh, it's always the same,' she sighed, 'if you want men to behave well to you, you must be beastly to them; if you treat them decently they make you suffer for it.
feverishsea, The Real Meaning of Idioms|Today is felt to be the most complicated day in our lives and rarely in trying to deal with the issues of today, are we aware of the impact of the past on those issues.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 1|She held her hand out in front of her. “Wait.”“No,” I groaned and then cleared my throat. “I mean okay, I can wait.
Debasish Mridha|War or violence never can destroy enemies, only forgiveness can do that.
Alexander Wales|Depression is easy to wallow in and hard to fight against, but if you just give in to it completely it's a downward spiral. You skip going to class because you're feeling depressed, then you stay in the rest of the day because you've already missed one class, then you skip the next class because you already missed the first one, and you stop answering your phone because people are asking whether you're okay and you don't want to talk to them, and it just gets worse from there. That spiral doesn't have to happen, and thinking in the right ways even though you're depressed is one of the big things that halts it.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|And then something invisible snapped insider her, and that which had come together commenced to fall apart.
George Packer|At the heart of the matter is a battle between wish and fear. Fear generally proves stronger than a wish, but it leaves a taste of disappointment on the tongue.
Rahim Haider|When you've made up your mind to marry, take the first respectable body that comes to hand- she's as good as any other; they'll be all alike in the groundwork; 'tis only in the flourishes there's a difference.
Maya Angelou|Peace comes when you talk to the guy you most hate. And that's where the courage of a leader comes, because when you sit down with your enemy, you as a leader must already have very considerable confidence from your own constituency.
Nick John Whittle|Medicine and society have entered into a folie a deaux regarding medicine's importance in gigantic population ills. We believe that genetics and pills and enzymes bring us health. We wait for the dementia cure (the obesity cure, the diabetes cure) rather than changing our society to decrease incidence and severity. We slash social welfare programs and access to GPs and ignore the downstream effect this will have on future generations. To reduce non-communicable disease, the actions we need to take are societal: make it easier for people to move and eat well, strengthen education, promote community participation and meaningful work. Our collective delusion is that we can have all the benefits such a society would bring without the structural supports necessary to bring it into being, that we can attain health by inventing and buying drugs. It is hard to know which is the more utopian vision: magic pills or a society serious about prevention.
Park Shin-hye|In France, I guess there's something like a tyranny in mentalities - we accept success badly, beauty, money. People are certainly envious, and this creates negative energy. This is annoying. I suffered a great deal at one time. I had to fight harder than others. Add to that my marriage to Polanski.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Enchanted April|How they had dreamed together, he and she... how they had planned, and laughed, and loved. They had lived for a while in the very heart of poetry.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|All ministries, therefore, must be subjected to this test—if they do not glorify Christ, they are not of the Holy Spirit.
Abbi Glines, Bad for You|Life is crazy, unexpected, and endlessly beautiful.
John Buchan|When a man comes out of great danger, he is apt to be a little deaf to the call of duty.
Adam McOmber, The White Forest|Stuff and nonsense: you must regard this deviationfrom your plan as part of the adventure that you soughtwhen you decided embark on it in the first place. Trueadventure does not follow well-trodden paths. Absenceof certainty is its essence. People, like you and I, whochoose to shun the mundane must not only expect, butalso enjoy and profit from surprises.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Should I, too, prefer the title of 'non-Jewish Jew'? For some time, I would have identified myself strongly with the attitude expressed by Rosa Luxemburg, writing from prison in 1917 to her anguished friend Mathilde Wurm:An inordinate proportion of the Marxists I have known would probably have formulated their own views in much the same way. It was almost a point of honor not to engage in 'thinking with the blood,' to borrow a notable phrase from D.H. Lawrence, and to immerse Jewishness in other and wider struggles. Indeed, the old canard about 'rootless cosmopolitanism' finds a perverse sort of endorsement in Jewish internationalism: the more emphatically somebody stresses that sort of rhetoric about the suffering of others, the more likely I would be to assume that the speaker was a Jew. Does this mean that I think there are Jewish 'characteristics'? Yes, I think it must mean that.
Anaïs Nin|I take pleasure in my transformations. I look quiet and consistent, but few know how many women there are in me.
Stanislaw Lem|One of the fantastic things about books, fiction or non-fiction, is the way they give you a chance to look into different lives.
Suzanne Brockmann, Hot Pursuit|Ah, God, Lys" he breathed, and she opened her eyes to look up at him. She was the love of his heart, his true partner in both work and life, and the idea of losing her to the violence of the world they lived in scared the living shit out of him.But her smile lit her eyes, her face, and he pushed the darkness away and let himself grin back at her like the damn fool that he was. This moment-now-was perfect, and he wasn't going to let his fears interfere.
Aishabella Sheikh, Lavinia|Today that legend is inscribed on the stones that were used to build the walls of the school, and as the water falls out of the sky and over those stones, the words of the legend are carried down from the mountains and into the fields and gardens and orchards of Afghanistan. And as the water and the words rush past, who can fail to turn to his neighbor and whisper, with humility and awe-if this is what the weakest, the least valued, the most neglected among us are capable of achieving, truly is there anything we cannot do?
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|I was willing to do it. I was determined to do it. By the end of the day, that had become my reaction to all of the signs of hard things ahead - a new purposefulness, hardy resolve. Everything I'd encountered so far - the law, my classmates, the great piece of discovery - had left me in deep thrall and I was bent on making sure that continued. I would have the best of it, I decided, whatever the obstacles.
Ezra Taft Benson, The Constitution: A Heavenly Banner|If the prisoner is beaten, it is an arrogant expression of fear.
Mark Batterson|When God blesses you financially, don't raise your standard of living. Raise your standard of giving.
Heather Day Gilbert, Miranda Warning|I don't think we are cut out to be evil sorcerers, brothers," said Fentongoose. "If we were truly evil, we would not feel such sorrow at the deaths of our friends. We would just go, 'Ha! Ha! Ha!' or something.
Samantha Bruce-Benjamin, The Westhampton Leisure Hour and Supper Club|Unseen, one summer eve, you kissed me in four places.
Cassandra Page, Isla's Inheritance|I thought it would teach them a thing or two about empathy, and friendship, and loyalty. As it turns out, Jack Will didn't need to learn any of these virtues- he already had them in abundance.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|This prayer in praise of Lord Vishnu be,His incarnations graced earth constantly. शान्ताकारं भुजगशयनं पद्मनाभं सुरेशं विश्वाधारं गगनसदृश्यं मेघवर्णं शुभाङ्गम्।लक्ष्मीकान्तं कमलनयनं योगिभिर्ध्यानगम्यं वन्दे विष्णु भवभयहरं सर्वलोकैकनाथम्।I bow to Vishnu, Master of Universe unquestionably,Who rests on great serpent bed, peaceful perpetually,From His navel sprouts Lotus of Creative Power surely,He the Supreme Lord of cosmos undeniably does be.- 146 -	 He supports the entire universe and all-pervading be,He dark as clouds with beautiful Lakshmi form glowingly,He the lotus-eyed, whom yogis see by meditation only,He destroyer of `Samsar’ fear – the Lord of all `loks’ be.- 147 -
Kalashatra Govinda, A Handbook of Chakra Healing: Spiritual Practice for Health, Harmony, and Inner Peace|She has gone back to Brooklyn,' her mother would say. And, as the train rolled past Macmire Bridge on its way towards Wexford, Eilis imagined the years already when these words would come to mean less and less to the man who heard them and would come to mean more and more to herself. She almost smiled at the thought of it, then closed her eyes and tried to imagine nothing more.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Did we salivate for sadness, or had we only learned to enjoy what we were forced to eat?
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|If you have not suffered opposition in the journey of life, then, you are not real.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|I walked around the sad honkytonks of Curtis Street; young kids in jeans and red shirts; peanut shells, movie marquees, shooting parlours. Beyond the glittering street was darkness, and beyond the darkness the West. I had to go.
Lao Tzu|In the end,The treasure of life is missed by those who hold on and gained by those who let go.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|I'm not ashamed of heroic ambitions. If man and woman can only dance upon this earth for a few countable turns of the sun... let each of us be an Artemis, Odysseus, or Zeus... Aphrodite to the extent of the will of each one.
Terena Scott, What You Need to Know to Be a Pro; The Business Start-Up Guide for Publishers|And I love Jane Austen's use of language too--the way she takes her time to develop a phrase and gives it room to grow, so that these clever, complex statements form slowly and then bloom in my mind. Beethoven does the same thing with his cadence and phrasing and structure. It's a fact: Jane Austen is musical. And so's Yeats. And Wordsworth. All the great writers are musical.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|I thought of the people before me who had looked down at the river and gone to sleep beneath it. I wondered about them. I wondered how they had done it--it, the physical act.I simply wondered about the dead because their days had ended and I did not know how I would get through mine.
John Curran|Speaking from my experience as a person involved for a long time in building the European Union, it is important to have patience and efforts to build a community of nations.
Dada Bhagwan|As much purity one has within, his external circumstances will be that much more favorable. As much impurity there is within, there will be a corresponding amount of unfavorable external circumstances.
Emily Ratajkowski|I was never a comic book guy. I like the movies when I see them, especially the origin stories. I never felt like I could be on the set, at 3 o'clock in the morning, tired, with 10 important decisions to make, and know, intuitively, what the story needs. For me, I'd be copycatting and not inventing. I've never said yes to one.
Robyn Peterman, Ready to Were|We are all connected. The living to the nonliving, as the nonliving to the living. All things in all directions in all times. It is only in the physical dimension that we have limitations. (The membrane between us is thinner than you think.)
Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Light - Einstein, Relativity, and Folklore|Teaching the layperson (divulgare) is not distorting (tergiversare) the subject, but educating the public; and it is our duty as scientists to educate without distorting the essence of the scientific knowledge attained by humanity. The future of our society depends upon this premise.
Rumer Godden, The Dolls' House|I certainly supported a woman's right to choose, but to my mind the time to choose was before, not after the fact.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|People felt themselves watching him even before they knew that there was anything different about him. His eyes made a person think that he heard things that no one else had ever heard, that he knew things no one had ever guessed before. He did not seem quite human.
Adam Phillips|All love stories are frustration stories… To fall in love is to be reminded of a frustration that you didn’t know you had (of one’s formative frustrations, and of one’s attempted self-cures for them); you wanted someone, you felt deprived of something, and then it seems to be there. And what is renewed in that experience is an intensity of frustration, and an intensity of satisfaction.
Nancy Werlin (Author)|Continued pain is a signal to the body that there's something wrong, not right.Lucy ScarboroughNancy Werlin
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|And dimly she realised one of the great laws of the human soul: that when the emotional soul receives a wounding shock, which does not kill the body, the soul seems to recover as the body recovers. But this is only appearance. It is really only the mechanism of the resumed habit. Slowly, slowly the wound to the soul begins to make itself felt, like a bruise, which only slowly deepens its terrible ache, till it fills all the psyche. And when we think we have recovered and forgotten, it is then that the terrible after-effects have to be encountered at their worst.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|I was eleven years old, and I’d lost my mother, and my soul, and the Crucible gave me you.” “It made us roommates,” he says. I shake my head. “We were always more.” “We were enemies.”“You were the centre of my universe,” I say. “Everything else spun around you.
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|If you could travel anywhere in the US for a vacation, where would you go?"He reached up with his free hand and rubbed his jaw, two creases forming between his eyebrows. She wanted to take over for him, brush her fingers across his whiskers, make him groan the way she had earlier. But she decided to behave herself.For now."I've always wanted to go to Yellowstone," he said. "See all the wildlife. Maybe go fishing."...."I'd pick a beach, Florida or California. Where I could be in my bikini more than not, rarely wear shoes, and wake up to the sound of the ocean.""Well, if you're gonna be wearing a bikini, I'm switching to a beach vacation with you."...."Okay, so foreign vacation," she said, snuggling against him. "Then where would you go?"...."Let's just cut to the chase and say wherever you'd go.
Tana French, The Likeness|It always took my breath away,’ he said, ‘that the five of us could have found one another–against such odds, through all the layers of armored fortifications each of us had set up… Do you see now why I believe in miracles? I used to imagine time folding over, the shades of our future selves slipping back to the crucial moments to tap each of us on the shoulder and whisper: Look, there, look! That man, that woman: they’re for you; that’s your life, your future, fidgeting in that line, dripping on the carpet, shuffling in that doorway. Don’t miss it.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy of life, sell your pride and get lost in the simplicity and humility.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Destiny|A knight can fight. As you well know, I fight about as well as a pillow.""That's an insult to pillows. At least they can take a beating.
Brandon Thomas|I'm all about your mindset, being focused, staying positive, being optimistic, and knowing that these are all aspects of my life that I love and enjoy.
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|Shane sat like a statue if a statue wore headphones and radiated angry coiled tension that made hair stand up on a person's arms. She felt like she was sitting next to an unexploded bomb, and given all of the physics she'd had, she understood what that meant. Talk about potential energy.
Rebecca McNutt|Personally, I believe "if it ain't broke, don't fix it". I'd rather use film cameras and vinyl records and cathode ray tubes than any sort of the digital technology available. Look around! The streets are full of people who would rather have their eyes on their cell phones than on the world around them! Scientists are researching technology to erase specific memories from people! Our thrown-away digital technology is showing up overseas in huge piles of toxic heavy metals and plastic! And yet there are still people who keep wanting technology and the future to keep going. They dream of flying cars, or humanoid robots, of populated cities on Mars. But do we really NEED this stuff? Maybe before we try to keep turning our world into an episode of The Jetsons, we should focus more on the problems that are surprisingly being overlooked now more than ever. Before we design another stupid cell phone or build a flying car, let's put a stop to racism, to sexism, to homophobia, to war. Let's stop buying all our "American" products from sweat shops overseas and let's end poverty in third-world countries. Let's let film photography never go obsolete, let's let print books continue to be printed. Let's stop domestic violence and child abuse and prostitution and this world's heavy reliance on prescription drugs. Let's stop terrorism, let's stop animal cruelty, , let's stop overpopulation and urbanization, let's stop the manufacture of nuclear weapons......I mean come on, we have all these problems to solve, but digital tech enthusiasts are more concerned that we don't have flying cars or robotic maids yet? That's pathetic.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Buddhist teachings discourage us from clinging and grasping to those we hold dear, and from trying to control the people or the relationship. What’s more, we’re encouraged to accept the impermanence of all things: the flower that blooms today will be gone tomorrow, the objects we possess will break or fade or lose their utility, our relationships will change, life will end.
Joseph P. Sekula|Jesus Christ is my savior, not the government.
Jeane Westin, His Last Letter: Elizabeth I and the Earl of Leicester|Like her father, Bess never forgot a hurt or a service.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In general, poor is polite and rich is rude.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|Meaning. If you're going to die, you want to find meaning in life. You want to connect the dots.
Anaïs Nin|What is discipline? Discipline means creating an order within you. As you are, you are a chaos.
Kate McAfee, Girlfriend's Roadmap to Dating: Empowering Women & Finding the Good Guys|Men treat you, the way you make them treat you.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I have hated the words and I have loved them, and I hope I have made them right. - Liesel Meminger
Dan Wells, Ruins|If you ever have to choose between loving two people, always pick the second. If you really loved the first, you wouldn't have fallen in love with the second.
PewDiePie|It's funny how you get a bit older and become more accepting of things. When you're in your twenties, you're skeptical of everything. I definitely felt like that.
Stefan Zweig, Chess Story|We are happy when people/things conform and unhappy when they don't. People and events don't disappoint us, our models of reality do. It is my model of reality that determines my happiness or disappointments.
Yasutani Roshi|The fundamental delusion of humanity is to suppose that I am here and you are out there. -Yasutani Roshi, Zen master (1885-1973)
AlunaGeorge|There's always another side to the story but nothing compares to the glory of our own short sighted, one sided glorious view
Robert Mundell|I did try to get a few of those teen high-school movies, but they just didn't like me. I guess I wasn't a certain type.
T. M. Lakomy|Do you know how to unite people behind you, Child Carridin? The quickest way? No? Loose a lion - a rabid lion - in the streets. And when panic grips the people, once it has turned their bowels to water, calmly tell them you will deal with it. Then you kill it, and order them to hang the carcass up where everyone can see. Before they have time to think, you give another order, and it will be obeyed. And if you continue to give orders, they will continue to obey, for you will be the one who saved them, and who better to lead?
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|Its snaky acids kiss.It petrifies the will. These are the isolate, slow faults That kill, that kill, that kill.
Werner Herzog|Love is the most terrible, and also the most generous of the passions; it is the only one which includes in its dreams the happiness of someone else.
Justin Buzzard, The Big Story: How the Bible Makes Sense out of Life|Our relationship with Jesus is based on grace- on the unexpected, undeserved, counterintuitive love of God.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|Hmmm,” you muse out loud. Your voice is deep and carnal, a sound which sends new surges of desire rushing to my sex. “These balls are awfully dusty - if only I knew a little slut who was good at polishing balls…
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|The chances of finding out what’s really going on in the universe are so remote, the only thing to do is hang the sense of it and keep yourself occupied.
Christopher Rankin, Creating Monsters|The reason why she had chosen journalism was because of those who had done so before her. Stalwart women and men who reported stories in the days before the Internet. Before it was fashionable to learn Mass Communication. A long time before being a TV reporter and calling up your family to see your face beamed to their homes was an in thing. They were those who had left their families behind as they pursued the truth, opting to go to jail when the government hounded them to reveal their sources. Men and women that would rather quit than write editorials the management wanted them to write. Journalists who never wrote a word they would have to disown. Journalists who took their last breath as they wrote an article was true to what they believed in. They would never sit down and take stock of the stories they had covered and written saying, “So what if twenty of these are non-stories, I at least had five I believed in.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In literature, you either create a classical or create a foam! There is no in between!
Jane Green, The Sunshine Sisters|In childhood, we learn to remember everything and later, meditate to forget everything!!!!
Winston S. Churchill, Never Give In!: The Best of Winston Churchill's Speeches|If pure, eternal, unconditional Love is the foundation on which you stand, even if all else falls away, you are still valuable because you are loved.
Ted Gargiulo, The Man Who Invented New Jersey: Collected Stories|Ah, dear Reader, is there a married man living who hasn’t purged his drawers and closets of premarital memorabilia, only to have one more incriminating relic from yester-life rear its lovely head? Kristy contends that old flames never die, not completely. They smolder for years in hidden places. They flare up again just when you think you’re over them. They can burn you if you don’t deal with them. Such is the price I’ve had to pay for not rooting out the evidence of my life B.C. (Before Contentment). Or, perhaps, for having planted it too well. But that, you see, is no longer an issue. Shall I tell you the crux of this argument? A man with a past can be forgiven. A man without one cannot be trusted. If there were no pictures in my drawer for Kirsty to uncover, I would have had to produce some.
Ellyn Spragins, What I Know Now: Letters to My Younger Self|The rhythm of life runs in cycles. There are times in the darkness and times in the light. The energy of life is like the rain forest in Borneo. Things live, grow, die, fall to the forest floor, rot and then they are born again-Olympia Dukakis
Edna Stewart, The Call of the Christmas Pecan Tree|Carpe DiemBy Edna StewartShakespeare, Robert Frost, Walt Whitman did it, why can't I?The words of Horace, his laconic phrase. Does it amuse me or frighten me?Does it rub salt in an old wound? Horace, Shakespeare, Robert Frost and Walt Whitman my loves,we've all had a taste of the devils carpe of forbidden food. My belly is full of mourning over life mishaps of should have's, missed pleasure, and why was I ever born?The leaf falls from the trees from which it was born in and cascade down like a feather that tumbles and toil in the wind.One gush! It blows away. It’s trampled, raked, burned and finally turns to ashes which fades away like the leaves of grass.Did Horace get it right? Trust in nothing?The shortness of Life is seventy years, Robert Frost and Whitman bared more, but Shakespeare did not.Butterflies of Curiosities allures me more.Man is mortal, the fruit is ripe. Seize more my darling! Enjoy the day.
Nicolas Cage|I want to make all kinds of movies. I do want to make big movies that are a lot of fun to go to, but I also want to make movies that are going to stimulate some thought and maybe raise some awareness.
David Brinkley|A journalist's job is to collect information," Ovid said to Pete. "Nope," Pete said. "That's what we do. It's not what they do." Dellarobia was unready to be pushed out of the conversation just like that. "Then what do you think the news people drive their Jeeps all the way out here for?" "To shore up the prevailing view of their audience and sponsors." "Pete takes a dim view of his fellow humans," Ovid said. "He prefers insects. Dellarobia turned her chair halfway around to face Pete, scraping noisily against the cement floor. "You're saying people only tune in to news they know they're going to agree with?" "Bingo," said Pete.
Raphael Zernoff|A positive response to any situation is the key to the feeling of well-being. The more we practice it the easier it becomes. Gradually all automatic reactions are being replaced by a conscious response. When we know we are self-empowered, we take responsibility for our emotions. It is knowing that we have the ability to respond in a way we prefer.
Wendy Murray, Facing Forward|In all that I saw, I was satisfied, for I could dance in the drops of water, laugh with the laps of joyous tears, and sing to the songs of streaming senses.
George Sand|Guard well within yourself that treasure, kindness. Know how to give without hesitation, how to lose without regret, how to acquire without meanness.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Don’t ever get old. With each year that passes, the old Viking idea of jumping off a cliff to one’s death looks better and better. The only thing to hope for is that you get so senile that you think you’re twenty years old again. That would be fun to relive.
Debasish Mridha|Happy thoughts bring happiness, love, and success.
Adeel bin ahmed|When you push yourself beyond limits, you discover inner reserves, which you never thought existed earlier.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|And that’s when things get messy. When people begin moving beyond charity and toward justice and solidarity with the poor and oppressed, as Jesus did, they get in trouble. Once we are actually friends with the folks in struggle, we start to ask why people are poor, which is never as popular as giving to charity. One of my friends has a shirt marked with the words of late Catholic bishop Dom Helder Camara: “When I fed the hungry, they called me a saint. When I asked why people are hungry, they called me a communist.” Charity wins awards and applause but joining the poor gets you killed. People do not get crucified for living out of love that disrupts the social order that calls forth a new world. People are not crucified for helping poor people. People are crucified for joining them.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|I wonder that religion can live or die on the strength of a faint, stirring breeze. The scent trail shifts, causing the predator to miss the pounce. One god draws in the breath of life and rises; another god expires.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.
Samantha Young|Around the hero, everything becomes a tragedy.Around God, everything becomes what? a world?
Dave Ramsey|Pray like it all depends on God, but work like it all depends on you.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Atheism tells him what he isn’t, and like all of us he yearns to know what he is.
Debasish Mridha|The world is a dangerous place, but there is no better world. Remember every one of us is responsible to make the world a joyful place.
Q'orianka Kilcher|I was born full grown in the middle of a hurricane and an earthquake on 10 September 1954, 12.52 P.M. When I found out that I had missed lunch, I gave such a shout that the Earth stopped and spun backwards two days. That's why I celebrate my birthday on 8 September.
Devon Monk, Magic Without Mercy|I wouldn’t want you to get in the shower and then pass out or some such. How about if I help you get out of your clothes? I’m an expert in platonic undressings.” He gave me that wicked smile. “Give it a rest. I’m not going to strip naked in front of you, and I’d rather pee in private.” “Half the injuries in a home happen in the bathroom. What kind of friend would I be to let you face that kind of danger alone? I mean, sure, you walked out of death, but this is a shower.” “Shame. Get out of my bathroom.
Jess C. Scott, Clear: A Guide to Treating Acne Naturally|Be patient. Your skin took a while to deteriorate. Give it some time to reflect a calmer inner state. As one of my friends states on his Facebook profile: "The true Losers in Life, are not those who Try and Fail, but those who Fail to Try.
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|To believe that there is no God takes infinitely more faith than to believe God exists, because all the evidence must be ignored. Atheism is the epitome of blind faith.
Homer Simpson|I saw weird stuff in that place last night. Weird, strange, sick, twisted, eerie, godless, evil stuff… and I want in..
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|Hive Queen: So many of your people are becoming Christians. Believing in the god these humans brought with them.Human: You don’t believe in God?Hive Queen: The question never came up. We have always remembered how we began.Human: You evolved. We were created.Hive Queen: By a virus.Human: By a virus that God created in order to create us.Hive Queen: So you, too, are a believer.Human: I understand belief.Hive Queen: No—you desire belief.Human: I desire it enough to act as if I believed. Maybe that’s what faith is.Hive Queen: Or deliberate insanity.
Brian D. McLaren, The Great Spiritual Migration: How the World's Largest Religion Is Seeking a Better Way to Be Christian|...churches would aim to take people at every age and ability level and help them become the most loving version of themselves possible. They would help people face the challenges of life--challenges that could make them bitter, self-absorbed, callous, or hateful--with openness, courage, and generosity. (p. 54)
Curtis Tyrone Jones|Please don't be overly sober with your precious wings, it's your addiction to freedom that makes me think that i too can defy gravity.
Shigeru Miyamoto|I live in words. I like looking at things, but I don't have a strong visual imagination.
Steven Erikson, Dust of Dreams|The neck in front of her came up. The head swivelled 180 degrees and the horse looked at Kin with bright insectile eyes.'YOUR WISH IS MY COMMAND,' it said inside Kin's head.'Hell!''THOSE ARE NOT MEANINGFUL CO-ORDINATES.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|That it’s rough out there and chancy is no surprise. Every live thing is a survivor on a kind of extended emergency bivouac. But at the same time we are also created. In the Koran, Allah asks “the heaven and the earth, and all in between, thinkest thou I made them in jest?” It’s a good question. What do we think of the created universe, spanning an unthinkable void with an unthinkable profusion of forms? Or what do we think of nothingness, those sickening reaches of time in either direction? If the giant water bug was not made in jest, was it then made in earnest?
Thorne Smith|She reads a lot of books. Good things, books.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|You should always be taking pictures, if not with a camera then with your mind. Memories you capture on purpose are always more vivid than the ones you pick up by accident.
Kyle W. McAdams|Humanitarian Logistics is about mobilization and movement of resources for disaster preparedness, disaster response and disaster recovery
Victor Hugo, The Man Who Laughs|Le ciel était absolument noir, il n'y avait plus d'étoiles, mais évidemment il en voyait une.
Eric Hill|Dreaming is an act of pure imagination, attesting in all men a creative power, which if it were available in waking, would make every man a Dante or Shakespeare.
Ronald Reagan|Liberty is never unalienable; it must be redeemed regularly with the blood of patriots or it always vanishes. Of all the so-called natural human rights that have ever been invented, liberty is least likely to be cheap and is never free of cost.
Katie Reus, Fatal Deception|John turned to her, with streaks of dried blood along his face. “Thank goodness we got the easy job.
R.D. Shanks, A Reverie of Brothers|Satan walks nowhere on this Earth, nor has he ever, save where he treads within the human heart.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Lord, whatsoever this day may bring, Thy name be praised. Be gracious unto me and help me. Grant me strength to bear whatsoever Thou dost send, And let not fear overrule me. I trust Thy grace, and commit my life wholly into Thy Hands. Whether I live or whether I die, I am with Thee and Thou are with me … Lord, I wait for Thy salvation, and for the coming of Thy Kingdom. Amen.
Adele          Rose, Shattered|God, I felt as if I had just been flattened by ‘Elmer’ the elephant.
Yoshio Taniguchi|I have cherished the ideal of a democratic and free society in which all persons live together in harmony and with equal opportunities. It is an ideal which I hope to live for and to achieve. But if needs be, it is an ideal for which I am prepared to die.
Allison M. Dickson, Strings|Some girls are sweeter… Others have a tinge of bitterness… It is as if I can smell their souls. Their experiences and relationships are painted in warm, sour crimson.
Euginia Herlihy|what is poetry if not seeing and feeling,  and feeling, feelings  running deepand okay – do I see, notice the gray pigeon feathers that heave  by on drafts of passing  cars reeking, leaking gasoline fumesand okay – do I feel?
Ed Koch|I know many writers who first dictate passages, then polish what they have dictated. I speak, then I polish - occasionally I do windows.
Knut Hamsun|MacCaulay clutches his coat tightly and makes towards the elaborate iron gates of the park. He hurries past Apsley House: one time residence of the ‘hero of a hundred fights’ – the Duke of Wellington. His monument to his own great deeds stands yet in front of the drawing room windows. If he had, in modesty, forgotten his own greatness, he might have looked upon it, and been reminded.
Ehsan Sehgal|... there is only one sin, only one. And that is theft. Every other sin is a variation of theft.
George Müller, The Autobiography of George Muller|After the Lord has tried our faith, he, in the love of His heart, gives us an abundance. For the glory of His name and for trial of our faith, He allows us to be poor and then graciously supplies our needs.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|We are meant to love. We are meant to lose. Love is our promise of a bittersweet end, and our desperate, hopeless struggle not to hurt anyone along the way.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Say to yourself in the kindest possible way, Look, honey, all we're going to for now is to write a description of the river at sunrise, or the young child swimming in the pool at the club, or the first time the man sees the woman he will marry. That is all we are going to do for now. We are just going to take this bird by bird. But we are going to finish this one short assignment.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Sweetheart, darling, dearest, it was funny to think that these endearments, which used to sound exceedingly sentimental in movies and books, now held great importance, simple but true verbal affirmations of how they felt for each other. They were words only the heart could hear and understand, words that could impart entire pentameter sonnets in their few, short syllables.
Ryan Holiday, The Daily Stoic: 366 Meditations for Clarity, Effectiveness, and Serenity|The combination of power, fear, and mania can be deadly. The leader, convinced that he might be betrayed, acts first and betrays others first. Afraid that he's not well liked, he works so hard to get others to like him that it has the opposite effect. Convinced of mismanagement, he micromanages and becomes the source of the mismanagement. And on and on - the things we fear or dread, we blindly inflict on ourselves.
Paul Theroux|Martin Luther King Jr. is remembered as our prince of peace, of civil rights. We owe him something major that will keep his memory alive.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I'm in love with you," he said quietly."Augustus," I said."I am," he said. He was staring at me, and I could see the corners of his eyes crinkling. "I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
Aditya.Pawar|Once upon a time the future was supposed to be brighter, shinier and more fun. When did that vision pass? When did the word 'new' lose it's luster? Now the past is supposed to hold the hopes we once confided to the future. We're directing attachments that used to go forward backward.
Fred Frith|I follow politics, but I don't like to discuss it.
Avis J. Williams|We are already abundant, we have everything we need within us, to live a purposeful and fulfilling life.
Tad Spurgeon|This is the essence of Rembrandt's advice to Van Hoogstraten: the authentic craft develops naturally from one's own experience.So, it seems reasonable to suggest that the search should not be for the lost secrets, but for one's own practice. This is in fact easy, you start making things. At first they might not be perfect, but the information here should provide you with a running start. And, if you are cut out for this the learning curve will not be daunting, because you will realize that you are finally headed in the right direction: towards the living craft.
Audrey Hepburn|There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal, picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I read somewhere that the only difference between Illness and Wellness is the ‘I’ and the ‘We’, When you only think of yourself, ‘I’, you are victimizing yourself and you are blaming yourself and you are ‘feeding’ the illness, whereas when you look at yourself as a part of this Universe and you do your part in giving and contributing in whatever ways you know, you focus on the ‘We’ and you experience Wellness.
Miriam Toews, Irma Voth|And if I do fall asleep, Marla has to keep track of Tyler. Where he goes. What he does. So maybe during the day, I can rush around and undo the damage.
Mary Berry|My parents wanted me to be a doctor. So I took up science, but then realised that my heart was not in it at all. The thought of treating ailing people was very depressing.
Gary L. Francione|Today I'm on tell you bout a man from outer space." She just loves hearing about peoples from outer space. Her favorite show on the tee-vee is My Favorite Martian, I pull on my antennae hats I shaped last night out a tin foil, fasten em on our heads. One for her and one for me. We look like we a couple a crazy people in them things."One day, a wise Martian come down to Earth to teach us people a thing or two," I say."Martian? How big?""oh, he about six-two.""What's his name?""Martian Luther King."She take a deep breath and lean her head down on my shoulder. I feel her three-year-old heart racing against mine, flapping like butterflies on my white uniform."He was a real nice Martian, Mister King. Looked just like us, nose, mouth, hair up on his head, but sometime people looked at him funny and sometime, well, I guess sometime people was just downright mean."I coul get in a lot a trouble telling her these little stories, especially with Mister Leefolt. But Mae Mobley know these our "secret stories"."Why Aibee? Why was they so mean to him?" she ask."Cause he was green.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Don't let your ego get too close to your position, so that if your position gets shot down, your ego doesn't go with it.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|Isn’t it amazing, amazing, amazing that something so specific can be so resonant? These are the filaments, filaments, filaments from that Walt Whitman poem. It makes me think that the thoughts that I have in my head that make me feel the most lonely because I don’t think anyone else thinks them, are also the thoughts that have the most potential that make me feel connected. I just have to get them out some how gossamer thread.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|7 Ways to Improve Eye Contact at any Time1.	Relax into the moment by smiling.2.	Practice making eye contact with people you trust, so that when you are with strangers, it is easier to form a connection.3.	When you feel uncomfortable, begin by looking at their mouth or forehead.4.	Lean in and show that you are interested and attentive.5.	Put a little space between you and the other person.6.	Remember that the other person may be feeling just as awkward.7.	Don’t give them a blank stare throughout a conversation. Rather, practice gazing down or to the side every few moments so that you appear relaxed.
Elon Musk|A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Osho, The Power of Love|It is easy to say I am thankful for the sweet and beautiful things in life: flower gardens, ice cream cones, diamond rings, dances under moonlight, children’s laughter, birdsongs, and the like. The challenge is recognizing things of value in the dark, sour, uglier parts of life. But if you look hard enough, you will find that even tough times offer pearls worthy of gratitude.
Nancee Cain, Saving Evangeline|Just for tonight, let's pretend I'm not a priest and you're not crazy. We're just two normal human beings having a good time. Just a man and a woman at a rip-off carnival, living in the moment.
Rochelle H. Ragnarok, Game Boys|Amber Rorman had told me too that our third grade teacher, Ms. Lizetti, was really a lesbian, which I thought was a disease until I asked Amber and Amber told me to ask her mother who told me to ask my mother, who said, “Lesbians are women who like to have sex with other women,” which I didn’t think was all that weird.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|Did you have any trouble with Olivia?" she asked...."Not at all. We had pizza and beer every night and stayed up until midnight watching mixed martial arts in your bedroom. She can really hold her liquor." He slid a sideways glance at Cass, taking his eyes off the road for a fraction of a second. "Yet another way in which she takes after her mother.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|We have the freedom of choice, to choose what’s right.
Michelangelo Buonarroti|What spirit is so empty and blind, that it cannot recognize the fact that the foot is more noble than the shoe, and skin more beautiful than the garment with which it is clothed?
Georgette Heyer, Sylvester|He then, with great presence of mind, put a stop to any further recriminations by kissing her; and his indignant betrothed, apparently feeling that he was too deeply sunk in depravity to be reclaimable, abandoned (for the time being, at all events) any further attempt to bring him to a sense of his iniquity.
Paul Monette, Becoming a Man: Half a Life Story|The Bible is still the only dirty book I've ever read, at least in its current incarnation as a weapon of the homophobes. Bible scholarship keeps trying to catch up, proving that all the hatred of gay is just stupid translation, though the snake-oil preachers don't want to hear it.
Ken MacLeod, Descent|Actually, it meant a great deal: a very great deal. You don't have to believe that God exists to see that a story in which God takes on human form is a very different story from one in which God creates a messenger and tells that messenger to take on human form. The Passion of the Christ is a different movie depending on whether you think the person being eviscerated is God or just some guy. Athanasius thought that it was God who hung on a cross for the world; Arius thought that it was a created being who was not God. This is not very little; this is very big. Granted, the Creeds put it in terms of Aristotelian theories about "substance" and "essence": but there isn't much sense in complaining that technical documents are written in technical language if you are not prepared to pick up a standard work and look up what the words mean.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|The idea we came up with, well before we left, was something we coined Performance Literature. Excuse the use of that second word, because I realize it's presumptuous. Also, excuse the first word, and the term in general.
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|Cheer up! You're a worse sinner than you ever dared imagine, and you're more loved than you ever dared hope.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|We defend with our lives the petty principles which divide us. The common principle, which is the establishment of the empire of man on earth, we never lift a finger to defend. We are frightened of any urge which would lift us out of the muck. We fight only for the status quo, our particular status quo. We battle with heads down and eyes closed.
Paul Hawken|People speak of the fear of the blank canvas as though it is a temporary hesitation, a trembling moment of self-doubt. For me it was more like being abducted from my bed by a clown, thrust into a circus arena with a wicker chair, and told to tame a pissed-off lion in front of an expectant crowd.
Esi Edugyan, Half Blood Blues|Employee engagement takes mind, heart and hands unification.
Phil Baker, Austin Osman Spare: The Life and Legend of London’s Lost Artist|I often noticed that the surrounding mountains inspired Hitler. He once joked that here he stood 'above the world' in an environment comparable to Olympius, legendary mount of the gods, but that alone can never have been the motivation for himto put down his private roots on Obersalzberg.
|The best decision you could make in an event of failure, is to still believe in yourself.
Jojo Moyes, After You|Losing him was like having a hole shot straight through me, a painful, constant reminder, an absence I could never fill.
Michael Grant, Gone|Some kids also think it makes them coolWhen they pick on other kids, being cruel.
Unknown|I've learned from my dealings with Johnny Carson that no matter what kind of friendship you think you have with people you're working with, when the chips are down, it's all about business.
William J. Clinton|In the end, leadership comes down to consistency and strong, confident action upon which the team can rely - and this doesn't mean imposing a bunch of rules.
Charles R. Swindoll|Closing your eyes won't make the awfulness go away. It may be that nothing will. But dwelling on it, dreading the evil, playing out the misery in your head - doesn't this feed the monster? You can't close your eyes to life, but you can choose where your gaze lingers.
Robert Frost, A Boy's Will|INTO MY OWNOne of my wishes is that those dark trees,	So old and firm they scarcely show the breeze,	Were not, as ’twere, the merest mask of gloom,	But stretched away unto the edge of doom.	I should not be withheld but that some day	 Into their vastness I should steal away,	Fearless of ever finding open land,	Or highway where the slow wheel pours the sand.	I do not see why I should e’er turn back,	Or those should not set forth upon my track	 To overtake me, who should miss me here	And long to know if still I held them dear.	They would not find me changed from him they knew—	Only more sure of all I thought was true.
Nikki Rowe|she enetered the room and the entire crowd stopped, who was she? even in a million moons; you will never understand her, for she is to mysterious to presume and too wise to share her light to everyone. I wanted to love her, but i could tell, i wasnt the only one.
George Orwell, Why I Write|Here one comes upon an all-important English trait: the respect for constituitionalism and legality, the belief in 'the law' as something above the state and above the individual, something which is cruel and stupid, of course, but at any rate incorruptible.It is not that anyone imagines the law to be just. Everyone knows that there is one law for the rich and another for the poor. But no one accepts the implications of this, everyone takes for granted that the law, such as it is, will be respected, and feels a sense of outrage when it is not. Remarks like 'They can't run me in; I haven't done anything wrong', or 'They can't do that; it's against the law', are part of the atmosphere of England. The professed enemies of society have this feeling as strongly as anyone else. One sees it in prison-books like Wilfred Macartney's Walls Have Mouths or Jim Phelan's Jail Journey, in the solemn idiocies that take places at the trials of conscientious objectors, in letters to the papers from eminent Marxist professors, pointing out that this or that is a 'miscarriage of British justice'. Everyone believes in his heart that the law can be, ought to be, and, on the whole, will be impartially administered. The totalitarian idea that there is no such thing as law, there is only power, has never taken root. Even the intelligentsia have only accepted it in theory.An illusion can become a half-truth, a mask can alter the expression of a face. The familiar arguments to the effect that democracy is 'just the same as' or 'just as bad as' totalitarianism never take account of this fact. All such arguments boil down to saying that half a loaf is the same as no bread. In England such concepts as justice, liberty and objective truth are still believed in. They may be illusions, but they are powerful illusions. The belief in them influences conduct,national life is different because of them. In proof of which, look about you. Where are the rubber truncheons, where is the caster oil? The sword is still in the scabbard, and while it stays corruption cannot go beyond a certain point. The English electoral system, for instance, is an all but open fraud. In a dozen obvious ways it is gerrymandered in the interest of the moneyed class. But until some deep change has occurred in the public mind, it cannot become completely corrupt. You do not arrive at the polling booth to find men with revolvers telling you which way to vote, nor are the votes miscounted, nor is there any direct bribery. Even hypocrisy is powerful safeguard. The hanging judge, that evil old man in scarlet robe and horse-hair wig,whom nothing short of dynamite will ever teach what century he is living in, but who will at any rate interpret the law according to the books and will in no circumstances take a money bribe,is one of the symbolic figures of England. He is a symbol of the strange mixture of reality and illusion, democracy and privilege, humbug and decency, the subtle network of compromises, by which the nation keeps itself in its familiar shape.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|There are many who don't wish to sleep for fear of nightmares. Sadly, there are many who don't wish to wake for the same fear.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Most people spend years trying to feng shui their lives—to decorate and reorganize life in such a way that order and peace will finally arrive. One can decorate and redecorate for years, but a fresh coat of paint is not going to patch the cracks in your foundation—the only way to do this is through the practice of non-attachment.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Grief is like a long valley, a winding valley where any bend may reveal a totally new landscape.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|We live only a few conscious decades, and we fret ourselves enough for several lifetimes.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|I'm scared as hell to fall for you." He loosened his embrace, cupped her face in his hands, and kissed her tenderly. "But I'm more terrified to let you go.
Lydia Millet|I would pretend to be the French lieutenant's woman. I was always a romantic. I still am, actually.
Helen Simonson|At our age, surely there are better things to sustain us, to sustain a marriage, than the brief flame of passion?" ..."You are mistaken, Ernest," she said at last. "There is only the passionate spark. Without it, two people living together may be lonelier than if they lived quite alone.
Emile Zola|I did flirt with the idea of going to law school, but not for long. Maybe I'll play a lawyer one day - the beauty of acting is that you can try on so many different roles without having to commit to them in real life.
David W. Earle|If one looks at a balancing scale putting “fear of change” on one side and “status quo” on the other, they are often in balance. Change is hard. We tend to accept our condition and no matter how painful, we will not change until the balancing scale is tipped - only when the discomfort becomes greater than the fear of change does the scale tip.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|4 the first time, I will avoid anything that makes me suffer, because suffering is not a virtue.. I will not complain about life, saying, "Everything is always the same and I have nothin' 2 change it". Because I'm livin' this day as if it were my first and, while it lasts, I will discover things that I didn't even know were there.
J.H. Elliott, Imperial Spain: 1469-1716|we accept fictions as fictions, as things that might be true in their world, if not quite in ours.
Ravi Zacharias, The Real Face of Atheism|...they're here for a moment and then gone. At best they have "liftoff" power, or, to use a different analogy, they are like periodic flashes of lightning on a dark road, with no guiding power.
Jennifer Crusie, Manhunting|So are there any asshole guys here I can start dating?' she says. 'That's, like, my pattern.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|When no discriminating thoughts arise,the old mind ceases to exist.When thought objects vanish,the thinking-subject vanishes,as when the mind vanishes, objects vanish.Things are objects because of the subject;the mind is such because of things.Understand the relativity of these two and the basic reality: the unity of emptiness.In this Emptiness the two are indistinguishable and each contains in itself the whole world.If you do not discriminate between coarse and fine you will not be tempted to prejudice and opinion.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Nothing, is what it appears to be, when it's only with your eyes you see.
Avina Celeste|Every action you make changes the world in a little way. Let your actions be positive and be a benefit to the world. Everything you do, say or make is an original piece added to the world; it cannot be replicated or replaced. Let your unique self change the world around you.
Thomas Bangalter|Reggae has a philosophy, you know? It's not just entertainment. There's an idea behind it, a way of life behind the music, which is a positive way of life, which is a progressive way of life for better people.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|The meeting began well, meaning it had the potential for being short.
Thomas S. Monson|If you want to give a light to others, you have to glow yourself.
Eddie Izzard, Believe Me: A Memoir of Love, Death, and Jazz Chickens|After some years of muddled thinking on the subject, he suddenly saw quite clearly what it was he had been running away from; why he had refused Sandy's first invitation, and what the trouble had been with Charles. It was also the trouble, he perceived, with nine-tenths or the people here tonight. They were specialists. They had not merely accepted their limitations, as Laurie was ready to accept his, loyal to his humanity if not to his sex, and bringing an extra humility to the hard study of human experience. They had identified themselves with their limitations; they were making a career of them. They had turned from all other reality, and curled up in them snugly, as in a womb.
Susan Cain|Now that you're an adult, you might still feel a pang of guilt when you decline a dinner invitation in favor of a good book. Or maybe you like to eat alone in restaurants and could do without the pitying looks from fellow diners. Or you're told that you're "in your head too much", a phrase that's often deployed against the quiet and cerebral.Or maybe there's another word for such people: thinkers.
Marshall McLuhan|O love, if I regret the age when one savors you, it is not for the hour of pleasure, but for the one that follows it.
Kemi Sogunle, Love, Sex, Lies and Reality|What is this thing of intangible substance that wreaks consequential havoc on our lives? What is this sensitive thread that runs through heart and mind, and when given the slightest tremor grasps hold of all sanity, dragging the afflicted down to insufferable depths or flinging him weightless to euphoric heights? What is this magic we would deem imagination, fantasy, or pretend if not for the evidence of power manifest by human consequences? Effortlessly controlling us, it affects the infected in an instant. It takes but one word, one thought, one act to become immersed. To stop it is hopeless. To stifle it, demanding. To think to master it is both improbable and pretentious. What is this invisible hand that blinds our eyes and reigns hearts with a string? It is nature's drug and poison we call emotion.
Julie Berry, All the Truth That's in Me|And yet, will we ever come to an end of discussion and talk if we think we must always reply to replies? For replies come from those who either cannot understand what is said to them, or are so stubborn and contentious that they refuse to give in even if they do understand.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we understand each other, we can live together in harmony.
Penelope Fitzgerald, The Blue Flower|Stay alert at all times, alert to any opportunity for rest.
Michael Diack, The Super Spud Trilogy|Bear with me G-Harrison because this is going to be a long speech. I’ve always had this feeling that the world is not enough and I won’t be happy in life unless I hold hands with a girl who has a golden eye and a gold finger; I beat the living daylights out a guy called Dr No; I get a postcard from my friend who lives in Russia which reads ‘From Russia with love’; I spend some time working for her majesty’s secret service; I play the Thunderball Super Spud lottery; I meet a guy called Moonraker; I finally get a licence to kill, which I applied for months ago; I buy a house with a view to kill for and I get a pet octopus called Octopussy. If only I lived twice and tomorrow never died, maybe then I would get a chance to fulfil my dreams.
Adam Gopnik|To analyze or assess a person's failings or deficiencies,' he declared to himself, 'is useless, not because such blemishes are immovable, but because they affect the mass of beholders in diverse ways. Different minds perceive utterly variant figures in the same being.
Gilda Radner|If I am a cup maker, I'm interested in making the best cup I possibly can. My effort goes into that cup, not what people think about it.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|Prayer is standing in the presence of God with the mind in the heart; that is, at that point of our being where there are no divisions or distinctions and where we are totally one. There God's Spirit dwells and there the great encounter takes place. There heart speaks to heart, because there we stand before the face of the Lord, all-seeing, with us.
Jack Kevorkian|This game wears on you. It tears you down. It's perpetual motion for some people who've achieved a level of independence, like Madonna and Jay-Z - they don't need to do music anymore. But there's people who need it. And in that need, that's when it's tough and it tears you to pieces.
Debasish Mridha|A woman is a symbol of nature; she has the beauty to attract and empower, the passion and compassion to create and nurture, and the power of love to transpire and transform.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|To see the Summer SkyIs Poetry, though never in a Book it lie—True Poems flee—
Nick Lake, There Will Be Lies|Reading is awesome. Just escaping into someone else's life, into another world. In books, everything is possible.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|The cemetery was vanity transmogrified into stone. Instead of growing more sensible in death, the inhabitants of the cemetery were sillier than they had been in life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is blind, and therefore not responsible for whoever she bumps into.
Sunday Adelaja|If we don’t do our best and constantly ask God for miracles, it means we are objurgating our responsibility to God.
Deb Caletti, Honey, Baby, Sweetheart|The magic of purpose and of love in its purest form. Not televison love, with its glare and hollow and sequined glint; not sex and allure, all high shoes and high drama, everything both too small and in too much excess, but just love. Love like rain, like the smell of a tangerine, like a surprise found in your pocket.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Quotes: Soulfully Inspiring and Uplifting You Daily by Utilizing the Power of Positive Quotes|Strive toward what you know you must achieve, in confident & courageous manner.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Don't Compare Yourself to others, this way You are insulting yourself.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You are a foreigner in an actual world, a human co-worker, a truth, a divine word, and a perfect mistake.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|A rising tide of desire threatened to swamp her like a tidal wave, washing away fear and doubt and leaving behind it the knowledge that in her topsy turvy life, she was certain of only one thing: she wanted this man, right now, and she'd deal with the consequences later....	"I want to make love to you," he said, his voice low and thrumming through her veins as if it were a music only she could hear.
Nancy MacLean, Democracy in Chains: The Deep History of the Radical Right's Stealth Plan for America|Government is instituted for the common good; for the protection, safety, prosperity and happiness of the people; and not for the profit, honor, or private interest of any one man, family, or class of men.
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|The real power in America is held by a fast-emerging new Oligarchy of pimps and preachers who see no need for Democracy or fairness or even trees, except maybe the ones in their own yards, and they don't mind admitting it. They worship money and power and death. Their ideal solution to all the nation's problems would be another 100 Year War.
Melissa Bernstein, Nutrition|There is general agreement that red meat consumption increases the risk of colon or colorectal cancer. This was the only food association with cancer that was labeled ‘‘convincing’’ in the recent report from the World Cancer Research Fund, American Institute for Cancer Research (42). The evidence, of course, largely came from studies of meat consumption in nonvegetarians, although data from Adventist vegetarians in California concur (43).
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians|People can do great things. However, there are some things they just CAN'T do. I, for instance, have not been able to transform myself into a Popsicle, despite years of effort.
John Piper|When this world totally fails, the ground for joy remains.
Henry Ford|Successful people make money. It's not that people who make money become successful, but that successful people attract money. They bring success to what they do.
Richard H. Shultz Jr.|Superior might does not guarantee success, especially in a war where political considerations dominate.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I have an attraction to strangeand unusual things.I find them interesting,spellbinding,utterly fascinating.
Richard Mabey, Beechcombings: The narratives of trees|The planting of a tree, especially one of the long-living hardwood trees, is a gift which you can make to posterity at almost no cost and with almost no trouble, and if the tree takes root it will far outlive the visible effect of any of your other actions, good or evil.
Onyi Anyado|Watch, listen, and learn. You can’t know it all yourself. Anyone who thinks they do is destined for mediocrity.
Ranveer Singh|I have been dairy free for several years, and I started because I felt it was going to reduce my allergies, which it did, and help me lose weight, which it did.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Dare to rise, when all voices behind you say you can’t get there, ignore them and move on… it’s not about the talents and gifts you have; it’s about how wise you optimize them!
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you expect, you will get. So expect success, not regret.
Katherine Jenkins|I do believe that when your child does poorly on a test, your first step should not necessarily be to attack the teacher or the school's curriculum. It should be to look at the idea that, maybe, the child didn't work hard enough.
A. Violet End, The Billionaire Who Atoned to Me|so many emotions cascaded through me.I was embarrassed. I was humiliated. I was confused. I was conflicted. I was enraptured. I was hurt. I was traumatised. I was in heat. I was spellbound.I was so many things that I didn't know that the hell I was anymore!"homecoming!
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Sometimes, being true to yourself means changing your mind. Self changes, and you follow.
Nourhan Mamdouh|The freedom of our people is more important!” Julie says fiercely. “We will never stop fighting, never stop working for what is right!”Jack just smiles at her. “That’s a nice lie to believe,” he says.
Rick Cormier, MiXED NUTS or What I've Learned Practicing Psychotherapy|Three things make up who we are as individuals: what we think, what we feel, and what we do. If we manage to change any one of these three aspects of ourselves, the other two will follow.
Jenny Nordberg, The Underground Girls of Kabul|Those who control life, and the bodies of women, control the money and hold the power. Women who are kept indoors, cannot make money and will not hold any power.
Rowan Williams|I don't think it's true that blondes have more fun... Trust me, it is not true!
Osho|Light is shallow; darkness is infinitely deep. Light is always bounded, it has boundaries. Darkness has no boundaries, it is unbounded. Light comes and goes; darkness always is. When there is light you cannot see it. When light is not there you can see it. But it is always there; you cannot cause it. Light has a cause. You burn the fire, you put on wood. When the wood is finished the light will be gone. It is caused, hence it is an effect. But darkness is not caused by anything, it is not an effect. It is uncaused eternity.
William Feather|When unhappy, one doubts everything; when happy, one doubts nothing.
Fernando Pessoa, Álvaro de Campos|I knew I was lost inside the world, watching it and trying to understand why too often I felt like I was standing just beyond the frame—of everything.
Munia Khan|Sharpen your life always; even though it will come to an end like a pencil, we have to keep on writing
Neel Burton|The three most powerful seasonings are hunger, variety, and gratitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Marriage is sacred intimacy. The husband must love, feed and care for the family. The wife must love, respect and submit to the husband.
Yasmina Khadra|He died when he was only nineteen years old. I was still a baby at the time, so I didn't remember him. Growing up, I'd always told myself that was lucky. Because you can't miss someone you don't remember. But the truth was, I did miss him.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|You know what's wrong with scientific power?... It's a form of inherited wealth... Most kinds of power require a substantial sacrifice by whoever wants the power. There is an apprenticeship, a discipline lasting many years. Whatever kind of power you want. President of the company. Black belt in karate. Spiritual Guru. Whatever it is you seek, you have to put in the time, the practice, the effort. You must give up a lot to get it. It has to be very important to you. And once you have attained it, it is your power. It can't be given away: it resides in you. It is literally the result of your discipline. Now, what is interesting about this process is that, by the time someone has acquired the ability to kill with his bare hands, he has also matured to the point where he won't use it unwisely. So that kind of power has a built-in control. The discipline of getting the power changes you so that you won't abuse it. But scientific power is like inherited wealth: attained without discipline. You read what others have done, and you take the next step... There is no discipline... no mastery: old scientists are ignored. There is no humility before nature... A karate master does not kill people with his bare hands. He does not lose his temper and kill his wife. The person who kills is the person who has no discipline, no restraint, and who has purchased his power in the form of a Saturday night special. And that is the kind of power that science fosters, and permits.
Javier Enríquez Serralde|Falling in love is partial love, an artifact. —he said.— What I feel is an infatuation with a penetrating desire to possess.
Paulina Rubio|I've never missed a gig yet. Music makes people happy, and that's why I go on doing it - I like to see everybody smile.
Romina Russell, Black Moon|Samuel," Amelie said, and her voice was low and quiet and warm. She bent closer to him. "Samuel. Come back to me."His eyes opened, and they were all pupil. Scary owl eyes. Claire bit her lip and thought again about running, but Hans and Gretchen were at her back and she knew she didn't have a chance, anyway.Sam blinked, and his pupils began to shrink slowly to a more normal size. His lips moved, but no sound came out."Breathe in," Amelie said, in that same quiet, warm tone. "I'm here, Samuel. I won't leave you." She stroked fingers gently over his forehead, and he blinked again and slowly focused o
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|Pride and curiosity are the two scourges of our souls. The latter prompts us to poke our noses into everything, and the former forbids us to leave anything unresolved and undecided.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|While people brood, time skips ahead without looking back.
Jon Krakauer, Missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town|In terms of having an experience, seriously contemplating a murder was almost as good as going through with it, and it had the added benefit of not entailing risk. Between prison and no prison, no prison was clearly preferable.
Thomas Keneally, Schindler's List|Whoever saves one life, saves the world entire.
Eliza Crewe|Had God kept from being made those who through His goodness were to have existence, but who by their own choice were to become evil, then evil would have prevailed over the goodness of God. Thus, all things which God makes He makes good, but each one becomes good or evil by his own choice. So, even if the Lord did say: 'It were better for him if that man had not been born,' He did not say so in deprecation of His own creature, but in deprecation of that creature's choice and rashness.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|You deserve all that and more. It made me happy to see you suffer. I would do it all over again if I could.' I realized I was shaking as the words tumbled out of me. 'I would do it again and again. Every night I would torment you and laugh. Do you understand? You are never safe with me.' I drew a shuddering breath, trying to will away the sting of tears.He opened his eyes and stared up at me as if I were the door out of Arcadia and back to the true sky. 'That's what makes you my favorite.' He reached up and wiped a tear off my cheek with his thumb. 'Every wicked bit of you.
Bryan Chapell, Unlimited Grace: The Heart Chemistry That Frees from Sin and Fuels the Christian Life|THE MAIN DUTY OF LAW enforcement is law breaking. Right now the disciplined forces jobs are the reserve of the ‘elite’ and security has little meaning, money is the arbiter of law breaking.
Juliette Cross, Windburn|I let myself feel everything. Just this once, I wanted it all. I let him push our passion to the cliff, let my body synchronize to his in perfect harmony. Just this once, I let more than my body fall over the edge. With him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May the New Year bring you ceaseless hope, dreams and wonders.
Paul O'Brien|We need to maintain an awareness of our awareness, of what we are paying attention to, in order to discriminate between higher and lower forms of love.
Manoj Vaz|Life nurtures.Life tortures.Either way, you come out stronger!
Barbara Boxer|In the new economy, information, education, and motivation are everything.
C.P. McClennan, YMMV|.....I believe in you and me. I believe in nature, in the birds, the sea, the sky, in everything I can see or that there is real evidence for. If these things are what you mean by God, then I believe in God. ...
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Cause I'm a musician, I'm not really good at posing and being a model, like, modeling.
Michael Showalter|I'm a parent, especially when you've had the intense parenting the way I had. It's all in the bank. It's all in the great experience bank. Those are your secrets. That's the stuff that makes your work rich, that's what you dip into.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|When the Bolide Fragmentation Rate shot up through a certain level on Day 701, marking the formal beginning of the White Sky, a number of cultural organizations launched programs that they had been planning since around the time of the Crater Lake announcement. Many of these were broadcast on shortwave radio, and so Ivy had her pick of programs from Notre Dame, Westminster Abbey, St. Patrick’s Cathedral, the Imperial Palace in Tokyo, Tiananmen Square, the Potala Palace, the Great Pyramids, the Wailing Wall. After sampling all of them she locked her radio dial on Notre Dame, where they were holding the Vigil for the End of the World and would continue doing so until the cathedral fell down in ruins upon the performers’ heads and extinguished all life in the remains of the building. She couldn’t watch it, since video bandwidth was scarce, but she could imagine it well: the Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France, its ranks swollen by the most prestigious musicians of the Francophone world, all dressed in white tie and tails, ball gowns and tiaras, performing in shifts around the clock, playing a few secular classics but emphasizing the sacred repertoire: masses and requiems. The music was marred by the occasional thud, which she took to be the sonic booms of incoming bolides. In most cases the musicians played right through. Sometimes a singer would skip a beat. An especially big boom produced screams and howls of dismay from the audience, blended with the clank and clatter of shattered stained glass raining to the cathedral’s stone floor. But for the most part the music played sweetly, until it didn’t. Then there was nothing.
Marilyn vos Savant|Victory has a thousand fathers, but defeat is an orphan.
Issac Asimov|A person willing to fly in the face of reason, authority, and common sense must be a person of considerable self-assurance. Since he occurs only rarely, he must seem eccentric (in at least that respect) to the rest of us. A person eccentric in one respect is often eccentric in others.
Debasish Mridha|When you share your knowledge, you gain wisdom. Share as much as you can and as often as you can.
Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls|Such impulses have displayed themselves very widely across left and liberal opinion in recent months. Why? For some, because what the US government and its allies do, whatever they do, has to be opposed—and opposed however thuggish and benighted the forces which this threatens to put your anti-war critic into close company with. For some, because of an uncontrollable animus towards George Bush and his administration. For some, because of a one-eyed perspective on international legality and its relation to issues of international justice and morality. Whatever the case or the combination, it has produced a calamitous compromise of the core values of socialism, or liberalism or both, on the part of thousands of people who claim attachment to them. You have to go back to the apologias for, and fellow-travelling with, the crimes of Stalinism to find as shameful a moral failure of liberal and left opinion as in the wrong-headed—and too often, in the circumstances, sickeningly smug—opposition to the freeing of the Iraqi people from one of the foulest regimes on the planet.
Joseph Brodsky|All I wanted was to connect my moods with those of Paris. Beauty paints and when it painted most, I shot.
Frank Ocean|You're basically the sum of all the experiences you've ever had, and they're sort of shaken up in you and reproduced in the things you create, and that includes seeing movies.
J.A. Perez|I don't think people are meant to be by themselves. That's why you actually find someone you care about. It's important to let go of the little things, even if you can't let go all the way. Because nothing sucks more than feeling all alone, no matter how many people are around.
Philip Schultz, Failure|Am I the I she tried to save, still lopsided with trying to be a little less or more, escaping who I was a minute ago?
Steven Magee|The brain cannot multitask...The brain naturally focuses on concepts sequentially, one at a time...This attentional ability is, to put it bluntly, not capable of multitasking.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|I don't understand humans." Caradoc shook his head. "It takes their brightest minds decades to plan an unmanned voyage to the nearest planet, which can take a year to travel each way. Yet they expect there to be aliens travelling distances it takes light decades to reach us, just for a weekend of bum fun with a total stranger without asking their permission, before dropping them off where they found them. They're just dying to believe the weirdest, least plausible things possible.
Clifford A. Pickover|If honor and wisdom and happiness are not for me, let them be for others. Let heaven exist, though my place be in hell.
Patricia C. Wrede|Murphy is a writer's best friend, but you have to keep an eye on him, or he'll steal the silver.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Now and again. Good residency is about having the power to ask someone to do something, but not necessarily exercising it.
TopsyGift|sometimes the little words we put down are signs of the greater ones inside".
Christine Feehan, Dark Legacy|He saw trust. Complete trust. It was a gift, a precious one, and it humbled him. I've got you, Emeline. I will always be with you.Dragomire to Emeline, Dark Legacy, Dark #27
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With patient endurance, the best of life enfolds.
Shannon Celebi, Driving Off Bridges|When I look back on all these worries, I remember the story of the old man who said on his deathbed that he had had a lot of trouble in his life, most of which had never happened
Compton Gage|Do not thou hasten above the most Highest: for thy haste is in vain to be above him, for thou hast much exceeded.
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|The saying goes that for a wound caused by dog bite to heal you have to eat that same dog, and I did scoop up a mouthful for myself
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Well, you have now, Sam, dear Sam,’ said Frodo, and he lay back in Sam’s gentle arms, closing his eyes, like a child at rest when night-fears are driven away by some loved voice or hand. Sam felt that he could sit like that in endless happiness...
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|Paradise does not exist, but we must nonetheless strive to be worthy of it.
Marian Tee, My Dutch Billionaire|If he knew, if he only knew that I was giving him every chance to put two and two together and come up with a number bigger than infinity.
Mensah Oteh|Habits decide who you become permanently, what you do daily and what you have always.
Orrin Woodward|...you were there when they trampled me - you picked me up, healed me and gave me back my feelings - is it any wonder I love you?...
Richelle E. Goodrich|Why certainly, words possess power.  They do!  But releasing their magic requires combining and arranging those words in the right order.
Matt Fraction, Hawkeye, Volume 3: L.A. Woman|Soon we will be in heaven and that opportunity will be over, let us not regret that we could have loved the brethren more.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|I was a coach, and I put a lot of education and experience into coaching.
Francisco Goya|I was kind of an outcast in school 'cause I always kept to myself and was writing poetry and then going on tour with my brother band all the time, so kids didn't know what to make of me.
Olugbenga michael adepoju|It is only when we go outside that comfort zone, and subject ourselves to the discomfort of considering thoughts we don’t agree with, that we can make an informed judgment on any matter.
Patricia J. Williams, The Rooster's Egg: On the Persistence of Prejudice|From time to time I try to imagine this world of which he spoke--a culture in whose mythology words might be that precious, in which words were conceived as vessels for communications from the heart; a society in which words are holy, and the challenge of life is based upon the quest for gentle words, holy words, gentle truths, holy truths.I try to imagine for myself a world in which the words one gives one's children are the shell into which they shall grow, so one chooses one's children are the shell into which they shall grow, so one chooses one's words carefully, like precious gifts, like magnificent gifts, like magnificent inheritances, for they convey an excess of what we have imagined, they bear gifts beyond imagination, they reveal and revisit the wealth of history.How carefully, how slowly, and how lovingly we might step into our expectations of each other in such a world.
Carol Lee, To Die For|Accepting a psychiatric diagnosis is like a religious conversion. It's an adjustment in cosmology, with all its accompanying high priests, sacred texts, and stories of religion. And I am, for better or worse, an instant convert.
Orhan Pamuk|According to court records, during the siege at Wounded Knee, more than two hundred and fifty thousand rounds were fired at our people by U.S. marshalls, FBI agents, the tribal police, the GOONs, and white vigilantes. These boys weren't kidding. And neither were we.
Marisha Pessl|Regardless of how your life will impact others and what that will look like, I just know that when your identity is grounded in God, when you trust in Him, you become part of a bigger picture. And you begin to live out this wonderful poem He has written for your life. This is the truth when life is smooth sailing, and this is the truth when storms come.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Even in the darkest moment, before death snatches man’s last breath, God is willing to save a lost soul.
Gordon Korman, One False Note|Amy turned to Nellie. "Can you create a diversion to draw the clerk outside?"The au pair was wary. "What kind of diversion?""You could pretend to be lost," Dan proposed. "The guy comes out to give you directions, and we slip inside.""That's the most sexist idea I've ever heard," Nellie said harshly. "I'm female, so I have to be clueless. He's male, so he's got a great sense of direc
Andre Dubus, Meditations from a Movable Chair|What is art if not a concentrated and impassioned effort to make something with the little we have, the little we see?
Zadie Smith|Your spiritual path isn't always just something you find, you started it the moment you took your first breath, and ever since you're been getting closer and closer to remembering who you truly are!
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|Pathology can indeed evoke experiences of Absolute Godliness, but not all God experiences are caused by pathology. They can also occur due to disturbance in the geomagnetic field of our planet, consumption of psychedelics, excruciatingly extreme level of stress during a near- death situation, or ultimately through a natural and healthy procedure of meditation or/and prayer.
Sriveena Dhagavkar|Beauty lies in the mind, inner soul....Beauty lies in the innocence, appreciation, understanding, warmth, expressions, caring nature, behavior towards others, the depth of understanding the situations, the kind of sufferings, struggles, losses, difficulties, sorrows, happiness- the thick n thins through which person sails throughout hi/her life. Which ultimately reflects on your face- the ultimate reflection of your mind and thus evolves a beautiful personality.
Alan W. Watts|The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|If you simply ignored the feeling, you would never know what might happen, and in many ways that was worse than finding out in the first place. Because if you were wrong, you could go forward in your life without ever looking back over your shoulder and wondering what might have been.
Shahriar Mandanipour, Censoring an Iranian Love Story|When you have butterflies and you’re feeling anxious and you have anxiety or are nervous, that’s when you’re most powerful... A lot of people, instead of honing this power and using it, they allow it to just consume them. There’s another quote that says, ‘A big challenge, a big pressure is like a fire, it’s like a raging fire. Either you can allow this fire to consume you and just take you over completely, or you can gain control of this fire and harness it and you blow it right at your opponent, Dragonball Z style.’ That’s what I’m trying to do, trying to get my emotions under control and use this adrenaline to my advantage.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Peace of mind, joy at heart.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Thought, if I may put it, is the man behind the possession, appearance, things we like, things we hate and the very epitome of life.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I am indeed my own god, I’d better start praying to myself to get myself out of myself.
David Nicholls, One Day|Self-pitying, self-righteous, self-important, all the selfs except self-confident, the quality that she always needed the most.
Dwight Schultz|As a team, you need to come from behind every once in awhile just to do it. Good for the attitude. It makes it exciting. And when everybody knows you have to throw it... that makes it fun too.
Avijeet Das|We take a last look out of the window at the night, and I send a silent wish to everyone out there for this kind of warmth.
Megan Abbott, The End of Everything|Things can get pretty rough out there," he says. "Can't they? For you girls? You're all a bunch of warriors, aren't you? Lionhearted.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer: The Great Conversation: Straight Answers to Tough Questions about Prayer|It's the most essential thing of all just because it's not a matter of how you do it at all, but of whether you do it. Like being born, or cooking: how you do it is less important than whether you do it. You can find thousands of books on prayer that give you methods of praying, hundreds of "hows"; but they do you no good at all unless you actually pray. Otherwise it's like reading a cookbook instead of cooking. You can't eat a cookbook!
Robert Orben|In my career as a writer, I preferred to avoid current events: I wrote young adult novels and book reviews and lifestyle journalism about health and parenting and other such evergreens.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|The best experiences can't be forced and they come when you least expect it. You don't find misadventure, it finds you.
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|Attaining bliss can take lifetimes, or one can simply choose to experience it in their deepest dreams. Sleep well my friend, as dreams are vehicles that can quickly take you to the awareness that you call Nirvana
George Eliot, Adam Bede|Because so many people use goodreads, it is an amazingly good—and amazingly underutilized—resource for understanding what people read, why, and how they feel about their reading experiences.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|- and you are truly human now. You can love, and fear, and forbid things to be what they are, and overact.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Respect, wealth, property, friendship, even love. Did I expect to simply fall over each of them as I strolled aimlessly through the years? Was I expecting my whole life to be some form of lucky accident?
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|Like a kiss, the pain which envelops us will leave and in it's place there will be an empty pit.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Either the day must come when joy prevails and all the makers of misery are no longer able to infect it, or else, for ever and ever, the makers of misery can destroy in others the happiness they reject for themselves.
Venus Williams|Unfortunately the world is what it is now. People don't get along for whatever reason. As professional athletes, in a way we're almost ambassadors for peace, because sports brings everyone together.
Martin O'Malley|I am against marriage, and I don't give a fig for society.
Peter David, Sir Apropos of Nothing|Youth believes itself immortal. There is a cure for such an attitude, but unfortunately it is a cure from which one never recovers.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|Amber was busy flirting with a rookie named Dead Meat if he didn’t stop flirting back. She was eleven, for heaven’s sake! Of course, he may have just been humoring her. And it was a little cute. In a gross, Chester-the-molester kind of way.
Zeina Kassem, Crossing|From cradle to grave, Talal sprinted through life.I never did see a life extinguished so abruptly.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Dare to make it to heaven and in doing so, carry many people along! Be a soul winner!
Noorilhuda, The Governess|We, men, who work hard to get somewhere in life, to make something of ourselves in life, to mean something to someone, to have what our ancestors never had.....We, men, who toil for a name, respect, livelihood, who are pitied, mocked all for the love of a woman......We men who need to have a coherent existence, and oneness of spirit with a single soul; We, sir, do not deserve such an audience as Ms. Adams. " - Pritchard's letter
William Ellery Channing|The world is to be carried forward by truth, which at first offends, which wins its way by degrees, which the many hate and would rejoice to crush.
Santosh Kalwar|Allow yourself to celebrate your sense of freedom , your capacity to make a choice and your strength in facing the truth. Not everyone has the courage to do so, even if it hurts……Knowing is KEY to acceptance.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|Young women are not putting themselves in danger. The people around them are doing the real damage. Who? you might wonder. The abstinence teacher who tells her students that they'll go to jail if they have premarital sex. The well-founded organizarion that tells girls on college campuses that they should be looking for a husband, not taking women's studies classes. The judge who rules against a rape survivor because she didn't meet whatevel standard for a victim he had in mind. The legislator who pushes a bill to limit young women's access to abortion because he doesn't think they're smart enough to make their own decisions. These are the people who are making the world a worse place, and a more dangerous one, at that, for girls and young women. We're just doing our best to live in it.
Jared Kushner|I made my first white women friends in college; they loved me and were loyal to our friendship, but I understood, as they did, that they were white women and that whiteness mattered.
Tristan Gooley, How To Read Water: Clues, Signs & Patterns from Puddles to the Sea|This is what the great artists manage. They flatter us, by observing better than others and then speaking to each of us as individuals and in a language that we worry we may be the only ones left caring for.
Lori Toland, Soul Seduction|Inch by tantalizing inch, he brought the shirt up exposing his six pack abs. Kim’s mouth went dry as more and more of his chest was revealed to her view. Her tongue ran over her parched lips. All she could think about was licking something off those abs. It could have been poison and she would have gladly licked it and begged for more.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Between the dark and the daylight, When the night is beginning to lower, Comes a pause in the day's occupations, That is known as the Children's Hour.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|you can tell a true war story if it embarrasses you. If you don't care for obscenity, you don't care for the truth; if you don't care for the truth, watch how you vote. Send guys to war, they come home talking dirty. 
Anthony Liccione|People usually will remember people most, for the stupid things they did, than the impressionable ones. This somehow strangely, makes them feel better.
M. Kirin|If you only had a year left to live, what book would you write?Now, write that book.
Daphne Zuniga|Mom and Pop were just a couple of kids when they got married. He was eighteen, she was sixteen and I was three.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Silence can often be more disturbing than noise, it reveals the complicated mechanism of our thoughts
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|That was why Peg loved the Messiah best of all. Because it showed people they were not alone. No matter about their differences, the music lifted them up and lowered them down, only to raise them even higher. It worked like a spell.
Cherie Blair|Opponents of legal birth control, including abortion, have tried for decades to play the race card, saying that legal abortion is racist. What they ignore is that Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. accepted the Margaret Sanger Award from Planned Parenthood in 1966.
Michael Scherer|When first asked if he would grant an interview with TIME, Greene responded by asking a question of his own: 'Does the candidate get paid?
Isra|Sadness is not the beginning or end of a process, but the lag between pleasure and happiness.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|The one ultimate rule of the Quranic fundamentalists is “there is one God and Mohammed is his prophet”. Everything beyond that not only is bad, but must be destroyed forthwith. At moment’s notice, every man or woman, who does not exactly believe in that, must be killed.... This is not religion my friend. This is primitiveness at its worst.
Katy Regnery, Never Let You Go|Amador and Bianca have a great life that I'm only a little jealous of. They have two kids they bring to see me. His daughter, Ashlee, is almost five now. She has asked me to marry her when I get out. It feels kind of weird since she calls me Uncle Reyes and incest is frowned upon, but who am I to argue with true love?
Andre Hueston Mack|At the end of the day, it's just grape juice. No one needs anything that I make. The last thing we need is another wine on the shelf. So that just makes me grateful for the people who do enjoy it.
Barry Eisler, Extremis|Wait!" said Erbrechen, suddenly feeling jovial. "I change my mind. Never shite again. Ever. Anywhere."It was a small thing, but of such small things were life's joys truly made. The thought, he knew, would keep him smiling for days."The world is a comedy, intoned Erbrechen, tittering, "and each must play his fart.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|The idea in our culture of body solely as sculpture is wrong. Body is not marble. That is not its purpose. Its purpose is to protect, contain, support and fire the spirit and soul within it, to be a repository for memory, to fill us with feeling - that is the supreme psychic nourishment. It is to lift us and propel us, to fill us with feeling to prove that we exist, that we are here, to give us grounding, heft, weight. It is wrong to think of it as a place we leave in order to soar to the spirit. The body is the launcher of those experiences. Without body there would be no sensations of crossing thresholds, there would be no sense of lifting, no sense of height, weightlessness. All that comes from the body. The body is the rocket launcher. In its nose capsule, the soul looks out the window into the mysterious starry night and is dazzled.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Job was comfortless before the speech of Jehovah and is comforted after it. He has been told nothing, but he feels the terrible and tingling atmosphere of something which is too good to be told.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|There comes a time in your life when you have to choose between giving up and staying strong, when situations will try to predict your fate, when friends will depart from you and your echo will be your only companion. When that time comes, remember just why you fought so hard to get to where you are. What is life that it should threaten your faith and who is man that you should clinch onto for happiness?You have a destination. Remember this!
Konrad Lorenz|Watching a dog try to chew a large piece of toffee is a pastime fit for gods. Mr. Fusspot's mixed ancestry had given him a dexterity of jaw that was truly awesome. He somersaulted happily around the floor, making faces like a rubber gargoyle in a washing machine.
Courtney Brooks, S.H.E. Serenity, Hope, & Encouragement: For Daily Motivation|people often ignore the misfortune of others, you see. The world is a heartless place but it's not always because they don't care. It's sometimes because the are embarrassed, or because they don't know what to say, or because they simply cannot beat ro look into the eyes of someone who is suffering.
Deyth Banger|Hell is so bloody thing, but with Lucifer from Lucifer series, hell is like comedy.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Breathe in, breathe out. Without the fire, the phoenix never rises from the ashes. Let the fire scorch the skin and burn the soul, allowing yourself to absorb the pain and understand the sincerity of the pain. Breathe in, you are not the past, you are not the future; breathe out, you are simply each breath, the present moment. As you breathe in and breathe out, acknowledge all the trials you have overcome thus far, and that you can continue to overcome all else without doubt. Breathe in, breathe out.
Rose Kennedy|I can choose to accelerate my disease to an alcoholic death or incurable insanity, or I can choose to live within my thoroughly human condition.
Warren Farrell|It is known, to the force of a single pound weight, what the engine will do; but, not all the calculators of the National Debt can tell me the capacity for good or evil, for love or hatred, for patriotism or discontent, for the decomposition of virtue into vice, or the reverse.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I stumbled into the living room, and Thomas handed me a bottle of whiskey. They all had some in a glass"You told them?" I asked Trenton, my voice broken. Trenton nodded.I collapsed to my knees, and my brothers surrounded me, placing their hands on my head and shoulders for support.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|There is a certain seductiveness about what is dead. It will retain all those admirable qualities of life with none of that tiresome messiness associated with live things. Crap and complaints and the need for affection. You can auction it, museum it, collect it. It’s much safer to be a collector of curios, because if you are curious, you have to sit and sit and see what happens. You have to wait on the beach until it gets cold, and you have to invest in a glass-bottomed boat, which is more expensive than a fishing rod, and puts you in the path of the elements. The curious are always in some danger. If you are curious you might never come home, like all the men who now live with mermaids at the bottom of the sea.
Gena Showalter, The One You Want|Your mission: Be so busy loving your life that you have no time for hate, regret or fear.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|...the mode by which he "heard" the universe and projected it far beyond himself. Perhaps it was in this, I said to Albertine, this unknown quality of a unique world which no other composer had ever yet revealed, that the most authentic proof of genius lies, even more than in the content of the work itself. "Even in literature?” Albertine inquired. “Even in literature.” And thinking again of the sameness of Vinteuil’s works, I explained to Albertine that the great men of letters have never created more than a single work, or rather have never done more than refract through various media an identical beauty which they bring into the world. “If it were not so late, my sweet,” I said to her, “I would show you this quality in all the writers whose works you read while I’m asleep, I would show you the same identity as in Vinteuil. These key-phrases, which you are beginning to recognise as I do, my little Albertine, the same in the sonata, in the septet, in the other works, would be, say for instance in Barbey dAurevilly, a hidden reality revealed by a physical sign, the physiological blush...
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|I choose to be a victor, and not a victim of change.
William Henry Harrison|If the government is going to mandate levels and punish schools for failing, they should send that money to the school system.
Emmet Fox|Thick is the darkness-- Sunward, O, sunward!Rough is the highway-- Onward, still onward!Dawn harbors surely East of the shadows.Facing us somewhere Spread the sweet meadows.Upward and forward! Time will restore us:Light is above us, Rest is before us.
George Gordon Byron|And yet methinks the older that one growsInclines us more to laugh than scold, though laughterLeaves us so doubly serious shortly after.
Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones|I feel as though I should say something profound, or enact some rite, or trade something to make it official. I want to transfer some trinket which would allow me to say that she's my girl, some kind of currency that proves to people that she likes me back. Something that would permit me to think about her all the time without feeling guilty or helpless or hopelessly far away. I guess I'm just so excited, I want to cage this thing like a tiny red bird so if can't fly away, so it stays the same, so it's still there the next time. For keeps, like a coin in your pocket. Like a peach pit from Mad Jack Lionel's tree. Like scribbled words in a locked suitcase. A bright balloon to tie to your bedpost. And you want to hug it close, hold it, but not so tight it bursts.
M.F. Moonzajer|This one had come to me, though, picked me out. I thought she was trouble from the start. I don't read minds and I can't see the future, but call it instinct or experience, something was prickling my spine.You could call it something else, if you wanted: adolescence, hormones, lust. Being seventeen. That doesn't go away, however long you practice."Hullo," I said politely, warily.She was long and slim and very neatly put together, dark hair tumbling over denim, old worn black jacket and jeans that somehow hadn't faded into grey. They probably didn't dare. Right from the start I saw a focus in her, a determination that must go all the way through, like the writing in a stick of Brighton rock. In another world, another lifetime, I thought she'd have raven-feathers in her hair, a bear's tooth on a thong about her. She'd be the village shaman, talking to spirits, and even the headman would be afraid of her, a little...Seventeen, I told you. She was devastating to me, she was sitting at my table, and I couldn't afford her. Not for a minute.If I'd stood up, if I'd left, if I'd run away...Nah. She would just have come after me. Faster, fitter, and on longer legs. What chance did I ever have?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|Some of us were brought into this troubled world primarily or only to increase our fathers’ chances of not being left by our mothers, or vice versa.
Mehmet Murat ildan|September had no natural defense against lost things, being one herself. She could not quite have put it into words, but she felt profoundly, at the bottom of her new, shining heart, that she could find lost things. She could make them un-lost if she were brave enough. After all, if enough lost things band together, even in the darkest depths, they aren't really lost at all anymore.
Raheel Farooq|O how can wicked men seem so steady and untouched with such black hearts, while poor innocents stand like malefactors before them!
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|God gives us these raw, little people, and we have to form them and mold them and teach them how to operate in society. And if we get a glimpse of all the ugliness that lies right beneath our own polished surface? Well, then, there's a humbling lesson too. It's those moments when I realize I have to extend grace to Caroline as she figures these things out by trial and error in the same way God lavishes me with mercy, even as I make the same mistakes over and over again.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Be humble, desire insight, squash arrogance, and be cognizance of unknown.
Barbara Boxer|The downside to becoming a doctor, I think, is it's a very long process; four years of medical school, three years of internship, two years of residency, umpteen years of specialization, and then finally you get to be what you have trained almost all your life for.
Shykia Bell, CAMILEON: Beyond The Veil|...there was a natural comorbidity between sexual appetite and sexual jealousy, between the desire to fuck and the desire to kill.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|There was even a story passed among the queen’s court that when freshly hatched, Rhiannon bit her mother on the neck when she tried to cuddle her new daughter. But Rhiannon didn’t believe that for one second. True, she believed she bit her mother, but she didn’t believe her mother had tried to cuddle her.
Helen Wells, Cherry Ames, Veterans' Nurse|Far in the back of her mind she was thinking. But she could not dredge up these half-formed feelings, these obscure bits of ideas, into clear, definite thoughts. . . . Her mind ticked away, singing a song she could not decipher.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Riches have never fascinated me, unless combined with the greatest charm or distinction.
Monique Duval|That’s the way it is with dreams. They scratch at your door. You see them through the peep hole: a stray dream looking for a home. You think it might go away if you ignore it. Wrong. It’s still there when you open the door, smiling. Wagging its tail.
Corey Taylor|If you look at the history of technology over a couple hundred years, it's all about time compression and making the globe smaller. It's had positive effects, all the ones that we know. So we're much less likely to have the kind of terrible misunderstandings that led to World War I, for example.
Francis Harold Cook, How to Raise an Ox: Zen Practice as Taught in Zen Master Dogen's Shobogenzo, Including Ten Newly Translated Essays|Cause and effect, in the Buddhist sense, though. Any action you undertake creates a seed that will sprout when the conditions are right, creating a good or bad result.""Do you believe in it?"He doesn’t allow even a pause. “Very much so.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|Anyone can be crazy. That's usually just because there's something screwed up in your wiring, you know? But suicide is a whole different thing. I mean, how much do you have to hate yourself to want to just wipe yourself out?
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Nobody should be whipped. Remember that, once and for all. Neither man nor animal can be influenced by anything but suggestion.
Joseph Dietzgen|Stalin goes to visit one of the collectives outside of Moscow,” began Kolya in his joke-telling voice. “Wants to see how they’re getting on with the latest Five-Year Plan. ‘Tell me, comrade,’ he asks one farmer. ‘How did the potatoes do this year?’ ‘Very well, Comrade Stalin. If we piled them up, they would reach God.’ ‘But God does not exist, Comrade Farmer.’ ‘Nor do the potatoes, Comrade Stalin.
Jay Woodman|I can't imagine it's easy to like someone, hate them, and then lose them before any of those feelings are resolved.
Cassie Dandridge Selleck, The Pecan Man|Ultimately, when he held your treasonous letter in his hand and saw how you had lied to him, the choice between me and you was the choice between someone who loves him and someone who didn't.
John    Hopkins, Lost Cactus: The First Treasury|Lost Cactus is a cornucopia of sights, sounds and inhabitants completely foreign to a little squirrel like Sammy, but attempting to set him straight will only complicate matters.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Charles Lathrop Pack, president of the American Tree Association, told how Rogers gave him advice in handling an educational campaign in tree planting.'Will Rogers told me,' said Pack, 'that I was on the wrong track in trying to educate people to the value of putting idle land to work growing trees. "Pack," he said, "you go down to Washington and get Congress to pass a law prohibiting tree planting and you'll have everybody doing it in a week.
Beatrice Wood|I will listen to a beautiful person much more quickly than a plain person, and I have to learn to be nice to people who are not attractive looking.
Kate Chopin|...when he possessed her, they seemed to swoon together at the very borderland of life’s mystery.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|I embrace the label of bad feminist because I am human. I am messy. I’m not trying to be an example. I am not trying to be perfect. I am not trying to say I have all the answers. I am not trying to say I’m right. I am just trying—trying to support what I believe in, trying to do some good in this world, trying to make some noise with my writing while also being myself.
Swami Sivananda|Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must finish him.
Harold Ramis|We need new medical approaches to preventing and/or curing disease. We need new scientific approaches to generating, storing, and being more efficient with energy. Maybe we need more space exploration. Maybe we need more undersea exploration.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I would surmise that we must cherish the resources that God has given us to achieve a goal more than we cherish the goal itself. For if we fall victim to the pursuit of the goal alone, then the goal has suddenly become our god.
Lesslie Newbigin|At every point in the story of the transmission of biblical material from the original text to today we are dealing with the interaction of men and women with God. At every point, human judgment and human fallibility are involved, as they are in every attempt we make today to act faithfully in new situations. The idea that at a certain point in this long story a line was drawn before which everything is divine word and after which everything is human judgment is absurd.
Charlaine Harris, Living Dead in Dallas|The barbarian loves his own pride, and hates, or disbelieves in, the pride of others. I will be a civilized being, I will love the pride of my adversaries, of my servants, and my lover; and my house shall be, in all humility, in the wilderness a civilized place.
Mark Helprin, Refiner's Fire|Life outside is changing our world. We are losing our culture, loosing our roots. How can a living thing grow if its roots are cut?
Mlungisi Simelane|Everywhere you go, make positive deposits, instead of negative withdrawals. If you want to be a Kingdom builder, focus on bringing out the best in others, God will bring out the best in you
William Butler Yeats|Also note that invariably when we design something that can be used by those with disabilities, we often make it better for everyone.
Antonio Munoz Molina|Probably most dying patients, even when suffering greatly, would choose to live as long as possible. That courage and grace should be protected and honored, and we should put every effort into treating their symptoms.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|Intelligence...[is] not marathon rac[e]: there is no fixed criteria for success, no start or finish lines -- and running sideways or backwards, might secure victory.
Jenny Trout|Really, it's amazing. You are his other half, Alexandria, You are fated to be with him. You belong to
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|Since ancient times, sacred texts from around the world foretold about a time period in human history when a mighty demi-god would appear on earth. Whether we call this figure Perseus, Krishna, or Messiah, he is epitomized in the figure of Jesus Christ—the modern equivalent of which is Superman!
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|God created… light anddark, heaven and hell—science claims the same thing as religion, that the Big Bang createdeverything in the universe with an opposite.“Including matter itself, antimatter
Tad R. Callister, The Infinite Atonement|Before an empty tomb, we will come to know that Christ our Lord has burst the bands of death and stands forever triumphant over the grave.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|I have lived through an eventful year, yet understand no more of it than a babe in arms. Of all the people of this town I am the one least fitted to write a memorial. Better the blacksmith with his cries of rage and woe.
Stephen King, It|In nightmares we can think the worst. That's what they're for, I guess.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|As a child, my father was a god to me—at times I loved him, at times I feared him, but I always wanted to be like him. As an adolescent, I resented my father for the sin of being human—for not being the god of my childhood. Then, as a young man, I felt sorry for my father because, in my arrogance, I believed he knew nothing and I knew everything. It was not until I held my own son for the first time that I truly understood my father. Now I can appreciate the man he is and the man he helped me to become.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|I'm calling the police," she said, showing him the phone in her hand.He smiled, and for a moment she forgot about the phone. "You don't need the police."No, of course she didn't How silly.
Pierre Bayard|She was made up of more, too. She was the books she read in the library. She was the flower in the brown bowl. Part of her life was made from the tree growing rankly in the yard. She was the bitter quarrels she had with her brother whom she loved dearly. she was Katie's secret, despairing weeping. She was the shame of her father staggering home drunk.She was all of these things and of something more that did not come from the Rommelys nor the Nolans, the reading, the observing, the living from day to day. It was something that had been born into her and her only - the something different from anyone else in the two families. It was what God or whatever is His equivalent puts into each soul that is given life - the one different thing such as that which makes no two fingerprints on the face of the earth alike.
Ann Brashares|They were absolutely lovely, and in their presence, so was she.
D.J. MacHale|Evil was predictable, always painfully expected.
Avery Hiebert|I guess after a certain age, things change and those things or people or friendships that happen in movies, just don't happen in real life.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Life is not a one and done sort of deal. You've got to work for what you want.Picasso created nearly 100 masterpieces in his lifetime. But what most people don't know is that he created a total of more then 50,000 works of art. .. Thats two pieces of art a day. Success is a numbers game. You are not going to win if you keep telling yourself to wait. The more often that you choose courage, the more likely you'll succeed.
Noreena Hertz|My dad works in finance, so he kept giving me the stats: only one in a hundred actors makes it. He'd ask, 'Have you thought about producing?'
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|I'm afraid of life! There are times I--I am very frightened. Any happiness seems trivial. And yet, I wonder if it isn't all a misunderstanding-- this grasping after happiness, this fear of pain... If instead of fearing it and running from it, one could... get through it, go beyond it. There is something beyond it. It's the self that suffers, and there's a place where the self--ceases. I don't know how to say it. But I believe that the reality--the truth that I recognize in suffering as I don't in comfort and happiness--that the reality of pain is not pain. If you can get through it. If you can endure it all the way.
Sam Houssami|I wish I knew how to quit you, political jokers and pathological liars...
Sami Abouzid|I’m building a castle of soundtracks. So that one day I’ll tell the ones I care for, I fought for my rights to dream and making them come true
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|We came into this world with a blank slate. Our minds were clear, yet open to the most subtle impressions; our spirit knows our purpose, let these en grained impressions shape our perceptions.
Charlaine Harris|Damn it," I said. "I don't suppose you have any ideas on how to kill Littleton."He smiled at me, his teeth very white in the darkness of his face. "Eat him," he said.
Theodore Roosevelt|All wish to possess knowledge, but few, comparatively speaking, are willing to pay the price.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Creativity is a way of living life, no matter what our vocation, or how we earn our living. Creativity is not limited to the arts...
Ezra Taft Benson|The most inspiring piece of advice I've gotten is simply to persevere. My mom taught me to always keep going no matter what from an early age. When it feels too difficult to push forward, I always remind myself, 'This too shall pass,' and then I redouble my efforts.
David L. Calof|I wonder where love really is. Good feelings. Happiness. They're someplace, I know. I feel that. But without Father and Mother, how do I get there?
Saul Bellow, Herzog|And this is the unwritten history of man, his unseen, negative accomplishment, his power to do without gratification for himself provided there is something great, something into which his being, and all beings can go. He does not need meaning as long as such intensity has scope. Because then it is self-evident; it is meaning.
R.D. Laing|Sanity today appears to rest very largely on a capacity to adapt to the external world—the interpersonal world, and the realm of human collectivities.As this external human world is almost completely and totally estranged from the inner, any personal direct awareness of the inner world already has grave 
Louis MacNeice|For this reason poets and artists developed the doctrine of Art for Art's Sake. The community did not appear to need them, so, tit for tat, they did not need the community. This being granted, it was no longer necessary or even desirable to make one's poetry either intelligible or sympathetic to the community.
ketan r shah|Anger met with anger only increases enmity rather than diffusing a tense situation. Anger, in turn, gives birth to hate. In such cases the wisest thing to do is not to engage through emotion. Emotions are self-centered and denying them spares animosity.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|If we knew a person was going to die, we'd hold harder to the memories."Fire corrected him, in a whisper. "The good memories.
Jerry Falwell|I think every chef, not just in America, but across the world, has a double-edged sword - two jackets, one that's driven, a self-confessed perfectionist, thoroughbred, hate incompetence and switch off the stove, take off the jacket and become a family man.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|He had called what he felt for Charlotte love and it remained the most profound feeling he had had for any woman. In the pain it had caused him and its lasting after-effects it had more resembled a virus that, even now, he was not He had called what he felt for Charlotte love and it remained the most profound feeling he had had for any woman. In the pain it had caused him and its lasting after-effects it had more resembled a virus that, even now, he was not.
Jessica Simpson|I grew up in a very visual household. My dad is a designer; my sister is a designer. My brother is an amazing architect who does music. But I think in the Chung household, how things looked was an important part of who you are.
Vladimir Nabokov, Glory|There was a hint of spring in her sole green eyes, something summery in her complexion, and a rich autumn ripeness in her walk.
Carrie Underwood|I have to trust something that gives me power; I have to believe in something, but in my career I have a lot of moments I cannot explain with God.
Michael S. Kimmel, Angry White Men: American Masculinity at the End of an Era|If you are upset with another’s words towards you; be cautious of your reactions, for you are only meant to be a sounding-board for his soul
Malebo Sephodi, Miss Behave|In nude protests, the very same body that is objectified and subjected to endless scrutiny and policing is used to reclaim power.
Algernon Blackwood, The Man Whom the Trees Loved|In New York, when a tree dies, nobody mourns that it was cut down in its prime. Nobody counts the rings, notifies the loved ones. There are other trees. We can always squeeze in one more. Mind the tourists. It's a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't wanna live there.
Thomas à Kempis|Boredom is essentially a thwarted desire for events, not necessarily pleasant ones, but just occurrences such as will enable the victim of ennui to know one day from another. The opposite of boredom, in a word, is not pleasure, but excitement.
Martina Hingis|Masculinity comes from your look, all the way down to your attitude. It's a big part of being a tennis player. Even though tennis is a fairly friendly sport, intimidation is still a big part of it.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|She heard him mutter, 'Can you take away this grief?''I'm sorry,' she replied. 'Everyone asks me. And I would not do so even if I knew how. It belongs to you. Only time and tears take away grief; that is what they are for.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Power|Oh, everything is fun when I’m around.” Hercules’s knees knocked into the back of my seat as he leaned back. “This one time, when I was ordered by the gods to . . .”I could only think of three words.Fuck. My. Life.“You should drive, because I’m going to end it all. Once we’re on the freeway, I’m going to jump out of this vehicle and throw myself in front of a Mack truck.”Josie’s laugh cut off her yawn. “That’s a little excessive.”Adjusting the sunglasses I’d stolen from Aiden yesterday morning, I smirked. “I do not think anything is excessive when it comes to him.”“But that won’t even kill you.”I sighed. “Yeah, but I’m pretty sure it’ll knock me unconscious for the time being.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|If your enemy is hungry, feed him; if he is thirsty, give him something to drink. In doing this, you will heap burning coals on his head.
Coenus|...the quickest, efficient, least expensive way to educate a man is to make it painful for him when he is wrong, the same as with any other animal.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|If you have never questioned set boundaries, or experienced conflict with your family members, you may not have an adult-to-adult connection with your family. If you have no other “best friends” than your family, you need to take a close look at those relationships. You may be afraid of becoming an autonomous adult.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|Do you like Rhiannon more than me?" ... They're two completely different concepts. When a girl asks you a question like that, there's no way you can be honest. They say they want you to be honest, but then they get all upset when you are. You can't win. There's no way to win. There are questions you just can't answer without manipulating the truth.
Trevor Downey|Like language, books serve to express us, but also to complete us, furnishing, through a variety of excerpted and reworked fragments, the missing elements of our personality.
Clifford Cohen|Note from Alien cookbook: “The more intelligent the human is, the better it tastes.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|Taking a risk to survive isn’t that impressive. Taking a risk to be happy, that takes guts.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|You might hate a successful person, but you can not hate a true hero.
Samuel  Butler, Hudibras|My noble father,I do perceive here a divided duty.To you I am bound for life and education.My life and education both do learn meHow to respect you. You are the lord of my duty,I am hitherto your daughter. But here’s my husband,And so much duty as my mother showedTo you, preferring you before her father,So much I challenge that I may professDue to the Moor my lord.
Lawrence Lessig, Remix: Making Art and Commerce Thrive in the Hybrid Economy|Camera's are everywhere, the walls have eyes the sidewalks have eyes. Nothing completely happens without someone knowing about it.
William Shakespeare|I'm going to do as much as I can with this life, and then I'm going to make sure to take some time off and be simple and ride my bike and hang out with friends.
Katrina D. Miller, Falling in Love With the Enemy|I am fond of history and am very well contented to take the false with the true. In the principal facts they have sources of intelligence in former histories and records, which may be as much depended on, I conclude, as anything that does not actually pass under ones own observation; and as for the little embellishments you speak of, they are embellishments, and I like them as such.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|Ella squeezed, wringing a groan from his throat that echoed the torments of the damned. Usually, though, the damned didn't lean into the torment in a silent entreaty for more. Or so she assumed. She didn't think hell was likely to be kinky.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|I think I'm telling the truth. I sat by Ray Perkins at the Hall of Fame dinner in New York, and at that time he didn't know he was our coach and I didn't either.
Debasish Mridha|The spiritual process does not look outward to find beauty, but it is a process of looking inwards to see the inner beauty.
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|Forbidden fruit makes a wonderful wine." Vazco gave him a leading look. "But leaves a hell of a headache.
Ray Bradbury|To be great at something, you must look to the great ones of thepast and improve on the ideas and techniques that they started. Iwas motivated to do better—to improve on the ideas of others.
James Arminius|We’re animals. No shame, no guilt - no sin…
Alexis  Hall, For Real|It’s universally known that the more forbidden something is, the more desirable it becomes. I feel this truth like a fist around my balls as I enter my classroom after lunch and find the forbidden object of my desire waiting for me.
Knausgaard, Karl Ove|When, shortly afterward, I stopped at the top of the hill and saw the town beneath me, my feeling of happiness was so ecstatic that I didn’t know how I would be able to make it home, sit there and write, eat, or sleep. But the world is constructed in such a way that it meets you halfway in moments precisely like these, your inner joy seeks an outer counterpart and finds it, it always does, even in the bleakest regions of the world, for nothing is as relative as beauty. Had the world been different, in my opinion, without mountains and oceans, plains and seas, deserts and forests, and consisted of something else, inconceivable to us, as we don’t know anything other than this, we would also have found it beautiful. A world with gloes and raies, evanbillits and conulames, for example, or ibitera, proluffs, and lopsits, whatever they might be, we would have sung their praises because that is the way we are, we extol the world and love it although it’s not necessary, the world is the world, it’s all we have. So as I walked down the steps toward the town center on this Wednesday at the end of August I had a place in my heart for everything I beheld. A slab of stone worn smooth in a flight of steps: fantastic. A swaybacked roof side by side with an austere perpendicular brick building: so beautiful. A limp hot-dog wrapper on a drain grille, which the wind lifts a couple of meters and then drops again, this time on the pavement flecked with white stepped-on chewing gum: incredible. A lean old man hobbling along in a shabby suit carrying a bag bulging with bottles in one hand: what a sight. The world extended its hand, and I took it.
Peter Benchley|Thank you, horseradish, for being neither a radish nor a horse. What you are is a liar food.
Emery Lord, Open Road Summer|I sometimes react to making a mistake as if I have betrayed myself. My fear of making a mistake seems to be based on the hidden assumption that I am potentially perfect and that if I can just be very careful I will not fall from heaven. But a 'mistake' is a declaration of the way I am, a jolt to the way I intend, a reminder I am not dealing with the facts. When I have listened to my mistakes I have grown.
Barbara W. Tuchman, A Distant Mirror:  The Calamitous 14th Century|An event of great agony is bearable only in the belief that it will bring about a better world. When it does not, as in the aftermath of another vast calamity in 1914-18, disillusion is deep and moves on to self-doubt and self-disgust.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|There is a spirit greater than you, always within reach of you, but he only comes to take charge when your own spirit is lost, and cries out in his own tongue, which you cannot know but only feel, and it is in feeling that you will have orders. Yet not even in feeling, for I felt nothing, only surprise that I was going forward.
Dale Ludwig|All you have to do is wait. Sit tight and wait for the right moment. Not try to change anything by force, just watch the drift of things. Make an effort to cast a fair eye on everything. If you do that, you just naturally know what to do. But everyone's always too busy. They're too talented, their schedules are too full. They're too interested in themselves to think about what's fair.
George Gordon Byron|Yet do I marvel at this curious thing: To make a poet black, and bid him sing.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Look deeply at your anger, as you would look at your own child. Don’t reject it or hate it. The point of meditation is not to turn yourself into a battlefield, one side opposing the other. Conscious breathing soothes and calms the anger, and mindfulness penetrates it. Anger is just an energy, and all energies can be transformed. Meditation is the art of using one kind of energy to transform another.
John Lanchester, Capital|If you would really study my pleasure, mother, you must consider your own comfort and convenience a little more than you do.
Emily Thorne|If you needed revenge, you’ve got it. Every minute that I’m with you knowing that you’re not mine is like hydrochloric acid in a razor cut.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War| 'And it means naught to you to obey your father's orders? Where is your fealty?' Christian felt his face flush with a surge of bitter rage. 'I keep faith with those who have kept faith with me.' William shook his head in disbelief. 'God save me from ever having sons like you.' 'I would wish it on no man,' Christian said sincerely.
Simon McBurney|Everyone sees something different in 'Endgame': a biblical apocalypse, a portrait of painful co-dependency, a confession of guilt and dignity in the face of death, a night of baffling hopelessness, a meaningless babble. Each interpretation reveals an absurd truth - not about the play, but about the person watching it.
Abhijit Naskar|Spirituality is to Religion, what Love is to Marriage. Spirituality is an emotional state of the mind, just like Love, while Religion on the other hand, is a social construct, quite like Marriage.
Enid Blyton, Second Form at Malory Towers|I knew that just because people on the outside were free and clean, it didn’t mean they were the good ones.
John Piper|We can say that true gratitude does not give rise to the debtor's ethic because it gives rise to faith in future grace. With true gratitude there is such a delight in the worth of God's past grace, that we are driven on to experience more and more of it in the future...it is done by transforming gratitude into faith as it turns from contemplating the pleasures of past grace and starts contemplating the promises of the future. 
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|We like to control the map of our life and know everything well in advance. But faith is content just knowing that God's promise cannot fail. This, in fact, is the excitement of walking with God.
Lionel Suggs|The nature of immortality is a mystery,' he says, speaking so softly that we have to lean closer to hear.' But everything I know of writing and reading tells me that this is true. I have felt it in these shelves and in others.
U.L. Harper, The Flesh Statue|How I love - writing, acting, breathing the atmosphere- and one day I'll have it. If I cannot write, I shall die.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Hound of the Baskervilles|Yes, the setting (Dartmoor) is a worthy one. If the devil did desire to have a hand in the affairs of men.Sherlock Holmes
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|When we venture in that unfamiliar sea, we trust blindly in those who guide us, believing that they know more than we do.
Deyth Banger|Curious make you clever, that most people aren't curious it's their problem.
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|Christian theism, to those who believe it, commends itself as fact, not theory, by the sheer multiplicity of its bearings. Were it a speculation, it would surely face a single field of enquiry: it would assign the cause of the world, or the principle of duty, or the aim of existence, or the means of spiritual regeneration. If an equal light falls from a single source in all these directions at once, that source must seem to have the richness of a reality, rather than the abstract poverty of an idea.
Rey Mysterio|That's really what drew me into wrestling. To see my own uncle put on the mask every Friday to go into the ring, and me putting on his masks to play wrestle with him. It was a whole different world when it came down to sports.
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|He crouched at the care window and looked in. "What a lovely family you have. What a charming family. They're all lovely. Except for that one." His finger jabbed the glass. "That one's a bit ugly."The American stepped towards him. "What? What did you say?""Oh, don't worry. I'm sure his personality makes up for his face.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|If ever the adventure proves tiring, or you lose sight of your dream, look to the west at sunset. There, on days when the skies are clear, you might see upon the horizon a thin layer of amber mist. When it appears, you will know its purpose: it is the mist of believing.
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|The real strategic differentiation is to create true value, look forward, not backward, and present the advanced uniqueness to shine through.
Agatha Christie|An archaeologist is the best husband a woman can have. The older she gets, the more interested he is in her.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|We each must do a better job of choosing which hardships are best for our future, not just for the company's.
Lewis Mumford|It is courage, courage, courage, that raises the blood of life to crimson splendor. Live bravely and present a brave front to adversity.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life gives us experiences, we are learners.
Debra Holland, Healing Montana Sky|Do you miss wearing your kilt?" she asked.	"In London, it caused more bother than it was worth. Ladies either found it indecent or intriguing. A fair few found it to be both. I was never quite sure whether it was indecently intriguing or intriguingly indecent!
Christine Gabriel|It's my time to scare you, it's time for scary story.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|Your desire and willingness will call forth witnesses to Awakening, and there is nothing in form that can speed up Awakening – for form but witnesses to the desire within.
Jessica Lemmon, If You Dare|Lily?”She couldn’t see his face, but she knew his eyes were on her. She could feel them. A beat passed. Then another. He flicked the flashlight on, his eyes zooming in on her mouth. “Don’t suppose you’re scared enough of the dark to leave.” She shook her head. “I don’t suppose you’re planning on leaving me on my own.” A smile, then, “You might cheat.” He tugged their linked hands and leaned the slightest bit closer. “True,” she breathed, mirroring his movement. “I wouldn’t trust you if our roles were reversed.” Inches from his face, she admired the curve of his top lip. “What are you doing, Black?” “I think,” he whispered back, his warm breath fanning over her lips, “I’m going to have to kiss you, McIntire.
David Horsey|Take the high road. No matter how much strife, and consternation, frustration and anger you might be confronted with - don't go to that level.
Peggy Sealfon, Escape from Anxiety: Supercharge Your Life with Powerful Strategies from A to Z|A secret for releasing struggles in life is to learn to yield. Yielding does not mean giving in or giving up. It just means moving with the flow of the current, which makes everything easier and more fluid.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|If sensing so badly of yourself you also sense a need to make me sense that, then I sense sadly that you cannot make better sense … sadder still if you cannot sense my sincerity.
Agatha Christie, Death Comes as the End|The longer you remain in Rome,' said [Cardinal] S.C., ‘the smaller you will find it.
Inshan Meahjohn|No matter what, make an effort to react positively to each event.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passionate people say to their obstacles “I may fall, I may lose everything I have, but if I still get me, you are still in trouble because am coming back and when I come back, you are doomed”. Passion is a serious secret that sailed people to the top!
Hugo Black|That which makes people dissatisfied with their condition, is the chimerical idea they form of the happiness of others.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Cosmos is God, who whispered the syllable of life.
Robert Green Ingersoll|For me, it's a great thing to tell people anything is possible. When I was 15, people told me 'You're not going to be a DJ.'
Dada Bhagwan|One will have to know the Self. Unless Self is known, God [Allah] cannot be attained. The power of Self should be attained. The power of Self is an abode of infinite bliss. There is no unhappiness there at all. This happiness is there even if someone insults you!
Dave Grohl|I would say that awards are for children. Because children need a tangible representation of their achievement. And as adults, you have to settle for the respect and admiration of your peers.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|The fatal poison of irresponsible power was already in her hands, and soon commenced its infernal work. That cheerful eye, under the influence of slavery, soon became red with rage; that voice, made all of sweet accord, changed to one of harsh and horrid discord; and that angelic face gave place to that of a demon.
K.D. Williamson|The Cubists are entitled to the serious attention of all who find enjoyment in the colored puzzle pictures of the Sunday newspapers. Of course there is no reason for choosing the cube as a symbol, except that it is probably less fitted than any other mathematical expression for any but the most formal decorative art. There is no reason why people should not call themselves Cubists, or Octagonists, or Parallelopipedonists, or Knights of the Isosceles Triangle, or Brothers of the Cosine, if they so desire; as expressing anything serious and permanent, one term is as fatuous as another.
Rainer Maria Rilke|And those, who come together in the night and are twined in quivering pleasure, are performing a serious work and are heaping up sweetness, depth and force for the song of some coming poet, who will arise to express inexpressible ecstasies
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|In the darkest corner of a darkened room, all Sherlock Homes stories begin. In the pregnant dim of gaslight and smoke, Holmes would sit, digesting the day's papers, puffing on his long pipe, injecting himself with cocaine. He would pop smoke rings into the gloom, waiting for something, anything, to pierce into the belly of his study and release the promise of adventure; of clues to interpret; of, at last he would plead, a puzzle he could not solve. And after each story he would return here, into the dark room, and die day by day of boredom. The darkness of his study was his cage, but also the womb of his genius.
Ludwig von Mises|To a naive observer, money made out of precious metal was 'sound money' because the piece of precious metal was an 'intrinsically' valuable object, while paper money was 'bad money' because its value was only 'artificial'. But even the layman who holds this opinion accepts the money in the course of business transactions, not for the sake of its industrial use-value, but for the sake of its objective exchange-value, which depends largely upon its monetary employment. He values a gold coin not merely for the sake of its industrial use-value, say because of the possibility of using it as jewellery, but chiefly on account of its monetary utility. But, of course, to do something, and to render an account to oneself of what one does and why one does it, are quite different things.
Tae Yun Kim, Seven Steps to Inner Power|When you express "purity" which is the truth about yourself, you feel a love for yourself that is expressed by self-respect, self-esteem, and self-confidence!
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|There is nothing out here...it is all inside;it is all in my head.The things that happen do not existunless I give them meaning.To be able to define everythingis where my greatest weakness lies.To be able to feelis the madness I need to make senseof the things that strike me.People strike me,love strikes meand everything else moves mein such a waythat I could barely understand.I feel,and everything I feel is nothing;nothing but an extensionof the mindandof the heart I was born with.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read the scriptures, we shall escape the evils of sin.
Swami Chetanananda|Whatever you do, put your inner work first.
Muqtada al Sadr|Death is the prerequisite to resurrection, the new life God intends.
Bisco Hatori, Ouran High School Host Club, Vol. 8|A huge part of swimming for me is I love it, and it is so much fun.
Thomas C. Oden, Pastoral Theology: Essentials of Ministry|God loves us toughly enough not to allow us to be happy with our sins. The recollection of sin rightly brings misery of conscience. How else could moral awareness be saved from sentimentality? The deepest human happiness, we learn, is grounded in holiness - God's holy love and our responsive attempts to reflect it fittingly.
Henny Youngman|Disasters happen. We still have no way to eliminate earthquakes, wildfires, hurricanes, floods or droughts. We cope as best we can by fortifying ourselves against danger with building codes and levees, and by setting aside money to clean up afterwards.
Thomas Jefferson|To the corruptions of Christianity I am, indeed opposed; but not to the genuine precepts of Jesus himself. I am a Christian, in the only sense in which he wished any one to be; sincerely attached to his doctrines, in preference to all others.
Jay Patel|Sometimes, authors' descriptions of unique fictional characters are like mirrors that reflect the readers image back.
Alireza Salehi Nejad|Kerouac lacks discipline, intelligence, honesty and a sense of the novel. His rhythms are erratic, his sense of character is nil, and he is as pretentious as a rich whore, sentimental as a lollypop.
Tracy Chevalier, The Lady and the Unicorn|Warp threads are thicker than the weft, and made of a coarser wool as well. I think of them as like wives. Their work is not obvious - all you can see are the ridges they make under the colorful weft threads. But if they weren't there, there would be no tapestry. Georges would unravel without me.
John Rachel|Where I grew up, women’s liberation was when you let a chick out of her cage so she could stretch her legs for 15 minutes.
Virginia Foxx|Moreover, from reforming the tax code to our immigration system, to commonsense legal reform, President Bush put America on notice that he will continue fighting to make the country, and the world, a better place for future generations.
Álvaro de Campos|He himself, Anthony went on to think, he himself had chosen to regard the whole process as either pointless or a practical joke. Yes, chosen. For it had been an act of the will. If it were all nonsense or a joke, then he was at liberty to read his books and exercise his talents for sarcastic comment; there was no reason why he shouldn't sleep with any presentable woman who was ready to sleep with him. If it weren't nonsense, if there was some significance, then he could no longer live irresponsibly. There were duties towards himself and others and the nature of things. Duties with whose fulfilment the sleeping and the indiscriminate reading and the habit of detached irony would interfere. He had chosen to think it nonsense, and nonsense for more than twenty years the thing had seemed to be – nonsense, in spite of occasional uncomfortable intimations that there might be a point, and that the point was precisely in what he had chosen to regard as the pointlessness, the practical joke.
Emily Dickinson|For myself I hold no preferences among flowers, so long as they are wild, free, spontaneous. Bricks to all greenhouses! Black thumb and cutworm to the potted plant!
Rabindranath Tagore|The small wisdom is like water in a glass:clear, transparent, pure.The great wisdom is like the water in the sea:dark, mysterious, impenetrable.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Poets often describe love as an emotion that we can't control, one that overwhelms logic and common sense. That's what it was like for me. I didn't plan on falling in love with you, and I doubt if you planned on falling in love with me. But once we met, it was clear that neither of us could control what was happening to us. We fell in love, despite our differences, and once we did, something rare and beautiful was created. For me, love like that has happened only once, and that's why every minute we spent together has been seared in my memory. I'll never forget a single moment of it.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|...most of the time, all you have is the moment, and the imperfect love of the people around you.
Jonathan Anderson|I remember coming back to the U.K. after spending five months in Charlotte for 'Homeland,' and I just found myself just wandering around London. There's nothing like it - the buildings, the architecture, the sense of history, the sense of culture - there really is nothing like it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you truly desire to be great, you must understand time management.
|You definitely can't forget everything that happened in your past. But you can place some positive interpretations on them, so that they don't control your present and future emotions and feelings.
Jane Seymour|I have always loved a hard-faced girl. I get that Alison Goldfrapp isn't easy, and I like her belligerence. She's deeply sexy and controlled, like a Strict Machine, and it seems to wind the b'jesus out of the women I know. On the outside, I watch and smile and will her on like a twisted silent maiden aunt in the dark corner.
Paul Alan Fahey, When the Right One Comes Along|Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it."Goethe
Andrew Matthews|People who do not love themselves can adore others, because adoration is making someone else big and ourselves small. They can desire others, because desire comes out of sense of inner incompleteness, which demands to be filled. But they can not love others, because love is an affirmation of the living growing being in all of us. If you don’t have it, you cant give it.
Susan C. Young|People lose their enthusiasm and disengage for a variety of reasons. It can be due to boredom, disinterest, rejection, apathy, overwhelm, or exhaustion. Once a person begins to disengage, the tendency can bleed over into other areas of their life and disconnect them from what would actually bring them joy.
Peggy Haymes, Strugglers, Stragglers and Seekers: daily devotions for the rest of us|You'd like Freedom, Truth, and Justice, wouldn't you, Comrade Sergeant?' said Reg encouragingly.'I'd like a hard-boiled egg,' said Vimes, shaking the match out.There was some nervous laughter, but Reg looked offended.'In the circumstances, Sergeant, I think we should set our sights a little higher--''Well, yes, we could,' said Vimes, coming down the steps. He glanced at the sheets of papers in front of Reg. The man cared. He really did. And he was serious. He really was. 'But...well, Reg, tomorrow the sun will come up again, and I'm pretty sure that whatever happens we won't have found Freedom, and there won't be a whole lot of Justice, and I'm damn sure we won't have found Truth. But it's just possible that I might get a hard-boiled egg.
Patrick Lencioni|I have an accountant, obviously, because I'm self employed, and I use an independent financial adviser. I trust my accountant because we have worked together for a long time now.
Nicholas Kristof|America needs education reform on all levels to expand quality schools, build on past successes, and lower college debt.
Janny Wurts, Peril's Gate|The knowledge you acquire in an area of study is accompanied by an incalculable ignorance. The farther we get into anything, we learn that we have even farther to go.
C.J. Carlyon, The Cherry House|Suddenly, she gave a little half-smile and whispered dreamily; "When I was a little girl, here for the summer, I used to ride my bicycle to Mass."I know; the Karê wanted to say. I used to watch you.
Jim George|Jesus showed compassion for the hurting and the lost, and so should you.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|To have that sense of one’s intrinsic worth which constitutes self-respect is potentially to have everything: the ability to discriminate, to love and to remain indifferent. To lack it is to be locked within oneself, paradoxically incapable of either love or indifference. If we do not respect ourselves, we are the one hand forced to despise those who have so few resources as to consort with us, so little perception as to remain blind to our fatal weaknesses. On the other, we are peculiarly in thrall to everyone we see, curiously determined to live out – since our self-image is untenable – their false notion of us. We flatter ourselves by thinking this compulsion to please others an attractive trait: a gist for imaginative empathy, evidence of our willingness to give. Of course I will play Francesca to your Paolo, Helen Keller to anyone’s Annie Sullivan; no expectation is too misplaced, no role too ludicrous. At the mercy of those we cannot but hold in contempt, we play roles doomed to failure before they are begun, each defeat generating fresh despair at the urgency of divining and meeting the next demand made upon us.
Charmaine J. Forde|What is the matter with people?” Sam fumed. “I said we needed a hundred kids and we get thirteen? Fifteen, maybe?”“They’re just kids,” Astrid said.“We’re all just kids. We’re all going to be very hungry kids.”“They’re used to being told what to do by their parents or teachers. You need to be more direct. As in, Hey, kid, get to work. Now.” She thought for a moment then added, “Or else.”“Or else what?” Sam asked.“Or else…I don’t know. We’re not going to let anyone starve. If we can help it. I don’t know the ‘or else.’ All I know is you can’t expect kids to just automatically behave the right way. I mean, when I was little my mom would give me a gold star when I was good and take away a privilege when I wasn’t.”“What am I supposed to do? Tell three hundred kids spread out in seventy or eighty different homes that they can’t watch DVDs? Confiscate iPods?”“It’s not easy playing daddy to three hundred kids,” Astrid admitted.“I’m not anyone’s daddy,” Sam practically snarled. Another sleepless night, in a long string of them, had left him in a foul mood. “I’m supposed to be the mayor, not the father.”“These kids don’t know the difference,” Astrid pointed out. “They need parents. So they look to you. And Mother Mary. Me, even, to some extent.
Christina Engela, Blachart|- Murder is a sin. It's a sin in Judaism, it's a sin in Christianity, it's a sin in Islam and every other…- I'll decide what's a sin.
Frankie Boyle|To all my enemies, I will destroy you.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Dear colleague / Dear friend,I am pleased to announce that the first issue of Save Ideas Newsletter has been published. It is attached to this e-mail.Please share this information and sign up at save-ideasBest regards,Vito Bobek
Jonas Karlsson, The Room|Her skirt was nice, but she was wearing a dull-colored blouse that wasn't at all attractive. I'd have to remember to tell her not to wear it when she was with me if the two of us were going to get together, I thought
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|Nothing I do is natural, realistic, organic or accidental. I'm never spontaneous, I'm completely premeditated.
Chuck Klosterman|If you play "I Don't Want To Know" by Fleetwood Mac loud enough -- you can hear Lindsey Buckingham's fingers sliding down the strings of his acoustic guitar. ...And we were convinced that this was the definitive illustration of what we both loved about music; we loved hearing the INSIDE of a song.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, The White Box Club Handbook: Simple Tools For Career Transition|With the increasing speed of business in today’s economy, transparency isn’t just desirable—it’s essential.
Alan Shepard|One of the criticisms we get is, 'Does the world need more plastic crap?' But you have to look beyond the plastic crap, to the design, to the experience, to the empowering nature of the MakerBot and the community.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|We need knew knights, but without swords.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Contra: Why don't you trust me honey? Wait, rather I doubt that you are in a going around.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|There was a guy next to my cot name of Dan, who had been blowed up inside a tank. He was all burnt and had tubes going in and out of him everyplace, but I never heard him holler. He talk real low and quiet, and after a day or so, him and me got to be friends. Dan came from the state of Connecticut, and he was a teacher of history when they grabbed him up and threw him into the Army. But because he was smart, they sent him to officer school and made him a lieutenant. Most of the lieutenants I know were about as simple minded as me, but Dan was different. He had his own philosophy about why we were here, which was that we were doing maybe the wrong thing for the right reasons, or vice-versa, but whatever it is, we ain't doing it right. Him being a tank officer and all, he say it ridiculous for us to be waging a war in a place where we can't hardly use our tanks on account of the land is mostly swamp or mountains. I told him about Bubba and all, and he nod his head very sadly and said there will be a lot more Bubbas to die before this thing is over.
Junior Seau|When poor people get involved in a long conflict, such as a strike or a civil rights drive, and the pressure increases each day, there is a deep need for spiritual advice. Without it, we see families crumble, leadership weaken, and hard workers grow tired.
Josephine Baker|This is how many people become artists, musicians, writers, computer programmers, record-holding athletes, scientists... by spending time alone practicing what they love.
