May Sarton, Plant Dreaming Deep|Fame is a spiritual drug. It is often a by-product of our artistic work, but like nuclear waste, it can be a very dangerous by-product.
Carolyn Murphy|My mother was amazing. I guess, in our community, if you wanted to get by you had to work hard. So she cleaned offices. She did everything that you could imagine. We were really poor. But she would say, 'Where you are is not who you are.'
Brooklyn Ann, Wynter's Bite|Justus?” she whispered. “I know it is not ladylike for me to ask, but I very much would for you to kiss me again.”	Those sensuous lips of his curved in a smile that made her belly flutter. “See, you are my counterpart, for I was just going to do just that.
Jack W. Szostak|Throughout history, people have studied pure science from a desire to understand the universe rather than practical applications for commercial gain. But their discoveries later turned out to have great practical benefits.
Cody Edward Lee Miller|The strength of a kingdom comes from its King,The strength of a King comes from his Queen.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Complete Sherlock Holmes|If she had hurt me, I could have forgiven her without even having to think about it; but I couldn't forgive her for being hurt.
Dan Ariely, The Honest Truth About Dishonesty: How We Lie to Everyone - Especially Ourselves|The more cashless our society becomes, the more our moral compass slips.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Mankind has a divine duty, to be stewardship of the natural resources.
Steve Reich|In serial music, the series itself is seldom audible... What I'm interested in is a compositional process and a sounding music that are one in the same thing.
Burton Rascoe, The Joys of Reading: Life's Greatest Pleasure|He felt as if he has heard similar stories before. The wimp at school had grown to become stronger than the bully. And by some devious twist of fate, he would pop back into your life years later and take his revenge in the most unimaginable ways, and make sure that you suffer as much, or more, than he ever did before.
Hiawatha|Change is certain. Peace is followed by disturbances; departure of evil men by their return. Such recurrences should not constitute occasions for sadness but realities for awareness, so that one may be happy in the interim.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|Symptoms of chronic stress are feelings of fragmentation and of chasing after time - of not being able to be present. What we are looking for is a settled, joyful state of being, and we need to give this state space. The Archbishop once told me that people often think he needs time to pray and reflect because he is a religious leader. He said those who must live in the marketplace - business people, professionals and workers - need it even more.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Which meant it was time for the centerpiece of the celebration, the reason they were all gathered on Saturday, the weekly episode of what, as far as many of the Davidsons including Jody were concerned was the greatest television show ever made. Hee Haw. While Roy and Buck sang the opening song, everyone would bicker and talk back and forth, what was better about the show, the music or the humor, what have you, the natural result of 40 people crowded around one rabbit eared television set. But once Hee Haw started, the talking was over. After that, it was all about the love. And so was everything before, really.
Jessica O'Toole, The Fate of Vultures|Something stirred within him that was new, dangerous. The question of whether that was wise. ‘Sure.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|At the approach of a certain dark hour, the light of Heaven fills those who are quitting the light of Earth.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Respect is a mutual interest, your gains depend on your losses.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|...We die, we turn, we are reborn as we deserve to be reborn, based on our doings in this world." Will looked down at his bitten nails. "I will probably be reborn as a slug that someone salts.
Warren Buffett|A disruptive innovation is a technologically simple innovation in the form of a product, service, or business model that takes root in a tier of the market that is unattractive to the established leaders in an industry.
Charles Stross, The Rapture of the Nerds: A tale of the singularity, posthumanity, and awkward social situations|People, I thought, wanted security. They couldn’t bare the idea of death being a big black nothing, couldn’t bear the thought of their loved ones not existing, and couldn’t even imagine themselves not existing. I finally decided that people believed in an afterlife because they couldn’t bear not to.
H.P. Lovecraft|Any magazine-cover hack can splash paint around wildly and call it a nightmare, or a witches sabbath or a portrait of the devil; but only a great painter can make such a thing really scare or ring true. That's because only a real artist knows the anatomy of the terrible, or the physiology of fear.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|There is something about words. In expert hands, manipulated deftly, they take you prisoner. Wind themselves around your limbs like spider silk, and when you are so enthralled you cannot move, they pierce your skin, enter your blood, numb your thoughts. Inside you they work their magic.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|His day, usually a jelly-like creature, a shapeless, spineless thing, had attained Mesozoic structure. It was marching along surely, even jauntily, toward a climax, as a play should, as a day should. He dreaded the moment when the backbone of the day should be broken, when he should have met the girl at last, talked to her, and then bowed her laughter out the door, returning only to the melancholy dregs in the teacups and the gathering staleness of the uneaten sandwiches.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|This was all an excuse, I think. I was doing fine. I had a 93 average and I was holding my head above water. I had good friends and a loving family. And because I needed to be the center of attention, because I needed something more, I ended up here, wallowing in myself, trying to convince everybody around me that I have some kind of. . . disease. I don’t have any disease. I keep pacing. Depression isn’t a disease. It’s a pretext for being a prima donna. Everybody knows that. My friends know it; my principal knows it. The sweating has started again. I can feel the Cycling roaring up in my brain. I haven’t done anything right. What have I done, made a bunch of little pictures? That doesn’t count as anything. I’m finished. My principal just called me and I hung up on him and didn’t call back. I’m finished. I’m expelled. I’m finished.
Giuseppe Prezzolini|In any case, frequent punishments are a sign of weakness or slackness in the government. There is no man so bad that he cannot be made good for something. No man should be put to death, even as an example, if he can be left to live without danger to society.
W.G. Sebald|The capital amassed in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries through various forms of slave economy is still in circulation, said De Jong, still bearing interest, increasing many times over and continually burgeoning anew.
Tonya Kappes, A Ghostly Demise|My brothers and I love A Christmas Story. It reminds us of ourselves when we were that age."	"Your father didn't want to give you a BB shotgun because you might shoot your eye out?
Kelly Moran, Redemption|You're not beautiful, you're breathtaking.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable.
Jesse James Garrett|We emphasize that such a form of communication is not absent in man, however evanescent a naturally given object may be for him, split as it is in its submission to symbols.
Octavio Paz|The acquisition of culture requires repose, sitting quietly in a room with a book, or alone with one's thoughts even any crowded concert or art museum.
Janna Cachola|We weren't born to create excuses, we were born to create excellence.
Marie Osmond|For me, life is about being positive and hopeful, choosing to be joyful, choosing to be encouraging, choosing to be empowering.
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|If somebody accepts you as you are, it doesn't mean that you're talented, it means they are generous enough to give you a chance to prove your worth. Stay humble!
Emily Giffin, Something Blue|Love and friendship. They are what make us who we are, and what can change us, if we let them.
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|He's probably the only player who doesn't play for 10 months and, if he scores a hat trick in his first game back, no one would be surprised.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Every man wants commendation, so do not just commend your boss, commend those who are under you.
Bill O'Reilly, Killing Reagan: The Violent Assault That Changed a Presidency|Oh, Heidi! Heidi!" Marta exclaimed at last. "This is your garden. I know it even though you have not told me. Do you suppose in Heaven it is any more beautiful than this?""I sometimes think that Heaven is all around us, if we only have eyes to see it," Heidi said softly."And on the Alm too?" questioned Marta."Yes, and in Dorfli. Even in the chateau which seems so gloomy now. There must be a little Heaven there as well. And if not, Marta, why not make it so?
Philip Ball, The Devil's Doctor: Paracelsus and the World of Renaissance Magic and Science|Label-locked thinking can affect treatment. For instance, I heard a doctor say about a kid with gastrointestinal issues, “Oh, he has autism. That’s the problem”—and then he didn’t treat the GI problem.
Angelina Jolie Pitt!|There is no greater pillar of stability than a strong, free and educated woman, and there is no more inspiring role model than a man who respects and cherishes women and champions their leadership!
Ken Jennings, Brainiac: Adventures in the Curious, Competitive, Compulsive World of Trivia Buffs|What are those bulb things you're slicing?""You've never seen fennel? It looks like celery and tastes like licorice.
James Jean-Pierre|We have to feed our loved ones, but at what cost. A dead man or woman can’t feed the living.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|Lacking a shared language, emotions are perhaps our most effective means of cross-species communication. We can share our emotions, we can understand the language of feelings, and that's why we form deep and enduring social bonds with many other beings. Emotions are the glue that binds.
Louise Marley, Singer in the Snow|Six Stars,' he exclaimed. 'Finding the right words is hard!
Debasish Mridha|To fill your heart with love, just love an innocent animal.
Joy Williams|I am forever an advocate of books, both the reading of them and the writing. There is something sacred to me in that community. Because writing--and reading--is a solitary business. And it’s good to know I’m not alone.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|To separate oneself from the burden, the angst, the anguish that we all encounter everyday. To say I am alive, I am wonderful, I am. I am. That is something to aspire to.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|She did not want to talk of her sorrow, but with that sorrow in her heart she could not talk of outside matters.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|She walked slowly towards him, taking in how he looked so eerily still. “Okay you,” she said, her voice choked. “We have to have a talk. I know you’re a Dardano, but a wedding reception in the ICU? Not so classy.” She lowered her head, her attempt at levity falling flat under the weight of her heartbreak. She blinked back her tears and cupped his face. “You listen to me, okay? You are not leaving me. You’re not allowed. You’re going to fight, understand? Alessandro, I will not bury another husband. Do you hear me? I refuse to grieve for you. That is not even an option because you are my life.” She kissed his forehead, the beeping of the heart monitor and the respirators the only sounds in the room. “Funny huh? I spent so much time pushing you away and here I am begging you to stay. Not just for me, but for our boys. Will’s already lost one father, don’t you leave him too. And Gianni…don’t you dare leave him nothing but stories about some man in a picture frame.” Bree took his hand, rubbing his ring finger. “Please, Alessandro. Fight. I won’t survive without you. I won’t.” She kissed his palm. “We’ve fought too hard for you to just give up when we’re finally going to be happy. Dammit Alessandro, you owe me! You owe me a life, a happy life together. So don’t you dare die on me. Don’t you leave me to deal with that son of a bitch father of yours by myself.” She covered her mouth with her free hand to stifle her sobs. She leaned down and kissed his still mouth. “I love you…I love you so much…” Her tears fell on his face as she rested her forehead against his.
Mikaela Tiu|Friendship isn't about whom you have known the longest... It's about who came, and never left your side. ♥
Lynette Mather|What if the kid you bullied at school, grew up, and turned out to be the only surgeon who could save your life?
Roger Kimball, The Long March: How the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s Changed America|Deep down, people who deliberately distribute other people’s music and stuff feel contempt for professionals. And it’s not just culture — these days lots of people are contemptuous of everything. Without realizing it, they’re searching for things to despise.
Glenn Beck|My heart broke a little at her unblemished view of life: She still believed in innocent secrets, the heady rush of a good mystery, and happily ever after... (I wasn't about to disabuse her of those sweet notions.)...Little girls should be allowed to dream.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|I have only touched one other computer at my friend Marissa's house, and found the experience disconcerting. There was something sinister about the green letters and numbers that flashed on the screen as the computer booted up, and I hated the way Marissa stopped answering questions or noticing me the second it was turned on.
Poppet, Sveta|Snatching my hand in the death grip of his fingers, he pulls me off the wall to line his chest, closing his body around me in a muscular cage which smells of leather and soap.
Omar N. Bradley|True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Sherrod Brown|Where can we find greater structural clarity than in the wooden buildings of old? Where else can we find such unity of material, construction and form? here, the wisdom of whole generations is stored.
José Saramago|He was an artist, and she, an anarchist, the destroyer of his beautiful creations. His body tensed, pushing hot adrenaline through his body with irascible rage. His anger gave way to lamentation as his heart wailed for his lost inventions. His mind saw each one desperately screaming for help, their outcries echoing between the orange flames and ashy ruins of their compatriots.
Mark F. LaMoure|Be self-responsible. Avoid dependency on other people. Aim at being the most successful person you can be. Read about great, successful people. Learn to think great thoughts and work to become an excellent person.
Marc Jacobs|I have always loved to use fear, to take it and comprehend it and make it work and consolidate a situation where I was afraid and take it whole and work from there.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|Since God exists outside of time, He also has all of the time He needs to personally act in each of our lives. There is never a rush to the next meeting or the next message.
Tony Judt, Reappraisals: Reflections on the Forgotten Twentieth Century|One two, one two, Type a word or two. Arrow left, arrow right, Keep those fingers nice and tight.Keys up, Keys down,Move those digits all around.One two, one two, Type a word or two.
Valerie Sinason|When there is abuse by itself it's scary enough. When there is abuse within a religious setting it is so terrifying to people. Look how long its taken the Ryan report of 2009 took till then to talk about ritualistic kinds of abuse children in Ireland went through at the hands of nuns and priests, so nobody can bear it when its linked to religion, but when it's linked to religion that is not mainstream it seems to frighten people more. As if yes, abuse exists, Satanism exists, but you can't have Satanist abuse.
Chloe Neill, Wild Things|Together the magicks swirled and danced around us, invisible but tangible, like an breeze. This wasn't defensive or offensive magic. It wasn't used to gather information, for strategy or diplomacy, or to fight a war against supernatural enemy.  It simply was.  It was fundamental, inexorable. It was nothing and everything, infinity and oblivion, from the magnificent furnace of a star to the electrons that hummed in an atom. It was life and death and everything in between, the urge to fight and grow and swim and fly. It was a cascade of water across boulders, the slow-moving advance of mountain glaciers, the march of time.
Nigel Hey|An odd thing about perception is that when we identify some new thing with one or more of our five senses, it is not really, immutably real -- it is a passing will o’ the wisp, an artifact of the senses and the translations of the brain until we get used to it and we give it a home in our hearts
Solitude's Friend|Be the person you are, not the one others try to create.
Gary Weiss|The FHA's success provides strong evidence that government can and should play a role in the nation's mortgage finance system. It also demonstrates that although government intervention in the economy during the Great Recession was messy, things would have been a lot messier without it.
Brian D'Ambrosio, Fresh Oil and Loose Gravel: Road Poetry by Brian D'Ambrosio 1998-2008|Success, as we categorize it, is a simple and pitiable thing. It's only a matter of degree of wanting, and accident. Wanting plays the major role in everybody's life--accident all the others. The only condition any of us can be sure of in this universe is wanting. How tepid or burning hot the want is depends on accident. But since accident isn't really as accidental as we'd like to think--accident is the great fooler and comforter of mankind--we become 'successful' exactly to the degree we want.
Matt Haig, The Humans|If a house has no garden, the whole earth becomes its garden!
Jennifer Reese, Make the Bread, Buy the Butter: What You Should and Shouldn't Cook from Scratch -- Over 120 Recipes for the Best Homemade Foods|This is the body's nurse; but since man's witFound the art of cookery, to delight his sense,More bodies are consumed and kill'd with itThan with the sword, famine, or pestilence.
Oksana Rus|You are the Poem I dreamed of writing, the Masterpiece I longed to paint. You are the shining Star I reached for in my ever hopeful quest for life fulfilled. Yes, I am Blessed.
Rachel McAdams|I like to think of the world's greatest athlete coming up to bat against me - Tiger Woods, Wayne Gretzky, I don't care who it is - and I'm looking at him thinking, you have no chance.
Israelmore Ayivor|Those who mistrust their own abilities are being too wicked to themselves, discouraging themselves from doing what they should have been excelling in. If you are good at discouraging yourself, you can't be a good leader because leadership is built on inspiring others to face challenges.
LeeAnn Taylor|Love is large, and so forms the heart that embraces it fully.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|In America, everyone is entitled to an opinion, and it is certainly useful to have a few when a pollster shows up. But these are opinions of a quite different roder from eighteenth- or nineteenth-century opinions. It is probably more accurate to call them emotions rather than opinions, which would account for the fact that they change from week to week, as the pollsters tell us. What is happening here is that television is altering the meaning of 'being informed' by creating a species of information that might properly be called disinformation. I am using this world almost in the precise sense in which it is used by spies in the CIA or KGB. Disinformation does not mean false information. It means misleading information--misplace, irrelevant, fragmented or superficial information--information that creates the illusion of knowing something but which in fact leads one away from knowing. In saying this, I do not mean to imply that television news deliberately aims to deprive Americans of a coherent, contextual understanding of their world. I mean to say that when news is packaged as entertainment, that is the inevitable result. And in saying that the television news show entertains but does not inform, I am saying something far more serious than that we are being deprived of authentic information. I am saying we are losing our sense of what it means to be well informed. Ignorance is always correctable. But what shall we do if we take ignorance to be knowledge?
Tyra Banks|You know, I don't think any mother aims to be a single mom. I didn't wish for that, but it happened.
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|pada akhirnya yang pergi akan kembali,entah pada pelukan, atau pada masing-masing kenangan
Carl Rogers|I just want to say, good night, sweet prince, may flights of angels sing thee to thy rest.
Jo Nesbø|In a group of five workouts, I tend to have one great workout, the kind of workout that makes me think in just a few weeks I could be an Olympic champion, plus maybe Mr. Olympia. Then, I have one workout that’s so awful the mere fact I continue to exist as a somewhat higher form of  life is a miracle. Finally, the other three workouts are the punch-the-clock workouts: I go in, work out, and walk out. Most people experience this.
Wan Mohd Nor Wan Daud, Islamization of Contemporary Knowledge and the Role of the University in the Context of De-Westernization and Decolonization|In a proper Islamic University, fard 'ain knowledge which represents the permanent intellectual and spiritual needs of the human soul--should form the core curriculum, and should be made obligatory to all students. Fard kifayah knowledge--reflecting societal needs and global trends--is not obligatory to all, but must be mastered by and adequate number of Muslims to ensure the proper development of the Community and to safeguard its proper place in world affairs. The fard 'ain knowledge shall include knowledge of the traditional Islamic sciences such as the Arabic language, metaphysics, the Qur'an and Hadith, ethics, the shari'ah sciences, and the history of Islam. Consonant with our position that these fard 'ain sciences are not static but dynamic, they should be continuously studied, analyzed, and applied in relation to the fard kifayah sciences; i.e. the fields of their specialization.
|Until the end of time, living happily will remain your sole responsibility on earth.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Sometimes good choices are really bad ones, wrapped up in so much fear you can't even see straight.
Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture|The verbal tool of exploring mystery together is not confrontation or preaching but dialogue. We subject ourselves to the same questions we pose to others, and as we traverse them together, we may arrive at surprising conclusions we could never have reached when simply trying to defeat one another's logic. Our questions are open ended, granting the other person the freedom to respond or not to respond. The questions stick with us, even haunt us, long after we ask them, and we await insight together. The process is more important than an immediate decision.
Michael Bassey Johnson|It is not until you rhyme with a person that makes you their perfect match, it is when you are satisfied with each others peculiarities, and find jewels in their loopholes.
Casey N. Cep|There's more than enough for the many, but somehow never enough for the few
Samantha Hayes|I am afraid of waking up to emptiness, to a place where my friends and family are gone and I am nothing but a single bolt of lightning in the blackness of a lonely storm. If I am a sword, I am a sword made of glass, and I feel myself beginning to shatter.
James Lovegrove, The Age of Odin|I feel like I'm sleeping when I'm awake, and really living when I'm asleep.
Hugh Prather|To some people, I am kind of a Merlin who takes lots of crazy chances, but rarely makes mistakes. I've made some bad ones, but fortunately, the successes have come along fast enough to cover up the mistakes. When you go to bat as many times as I do, and continually improve upon your mistakes, you're bound to get a good average.
Robert Graff|War is unlike life. It's a denial of everything you learn life is. And that's why when you get finished with it, you see that if offers no lessons that can't be bettered learned in civilian life. You are exposed to horrors you would sooner forget.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|The true Entrepreneurship doesn't means to be your own boss, rather it is the thirst to follow your heart and work with the team of visionaries!
Kendra Sedgwick|We have choice,” she insisted. “This is it. We don’t get to choose our choices, Gwain, we just get to make the ones we’re given...
Katerina Kostaki, The Angels Planet|Whatever you are dreaming of to create wait not for other people doing it for you.Give breath in your dreams, your creations.Become the Creator in your small or greater dreams!
Charles Stross, Glasshouse|Acquaintances, in sort, represent a source of social power, and the more acquaintances you have the more powerful you are.
Mary Balogh|Every word you have ever uttered, is engraved upon my heart.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|EMBALM, v.i. To cheat vegetation by locking up the gases upon which it feeds. By embalming their dead and thereby deranging the natural balance between animal and vegetable life, the Egyptians made their once fertile and populous country barren and incapable of supporting more than a meagre crew. The modern metallic burial casket is a step in the same direction, and many a dead man who ought now to be ornamenting his neighbour's lawn as a tree, or enriching his table as a bunch of radishes, is doomed to a long inutility. We shall get him after awhile if we are spared, but in the meantime, the violet and rose are languishing for a nibble at his gluteus maximus.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|A person can hurry through or sleep walk through life, but whenever they stop to catch their breath or awaken from a long nap, they will find apprehension, disquiet, and fretfulness waiting their directed attention.
Alia Mamdouh|And I withdrew into myself when I understood that they wanted to extract every thought in my head, one by one, like decayed teeth.
Anonymous|When an ordinary man attains knowledge, he is a sage; when a sage attains understanding, he is an ordinary man
Robert M. Drake, Black Butterfly|To love is to destroy, and to be the one loved is to be destroyed.
Angie Stone|To criticize a person for their race is manifestly irrational and ridiculous, but to criticize their religion, that is a right. That is a freedom.
Zach Johnson|Oh yes, there's lots of great food in America. But the fast food is about as destructive and evil as it gets. It celebrates a mentality of sloth, convenience, and a cheerful embrace of food we know is hurting us.
Vanessa Kerry|When a marriage culture fails, sexual desire no longer unites; instead it fragments.
Dawn M. Harvey, Unlocking The Presence of Power|Your faith is designed to operate outside of your emotions. When you operate in faith, how you feel has no bearing on how you respond. Faith does not need your emotions to confirm what you are believing God to do in your life. We should understand what we are feeling and why we are feeling it but we should not be distracted or controlled by how we feel. Have faith.
Marcus Buckingham|If there are dreams about a beautiful South Africa, there are also roads that lead to their goal. Two of these roads could be named Goodness and Forgiveness.
Anonymous|Be the Kind of Woman that when Your Feet Hit the Floor Each Morning, the Devil Says, ‘Oh Crap, She’s Up!
Renee Carlino, Before We Were Strangers|Nothing but a miracle of grace can lead to the saving of any sinner. Oh, my reader, be not deceived on this vital matter; to mortify the lusts of the flesh, to be crucified unto the world, to overcome the Devil, to die daily unto sin and live unto righteousness, to be meek and lowly in heart, trustful and obedient, pious and patient, faithful and uncompromising, loving and gentle; in a word, to be a Christian, to be Christ-like, is a task far, far beyond the poor resources of fallen human nature.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|My body either likes you or it doesn't. And, I trust my body but I can’t assuredly tell you why.
Philip K. Dick, Our Friends from Frolix 8|In the morning After taking cold shower —-what a mistake—- I look at the mirror.There, a funny guy, Grey hair, white beard, wrinkled skin, —-what a pity—- Poor, dirty, old man, He is not me, absolutely not.Land and life Fishing in the ocean Sleeping in the desert with stars Building a shelter in the mountains Farming the ancient way Singing with coyotes Singing against nuclear war— I’ll never be tired of life. Now I’m seventeen years old, Very charming young man.I sit quietly in lotus position, Meditating, meditating for nothing. Suddenly a voice comes to me: “To stay young, To save the world, Break the mirror.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|Yatho Hasta thatho Drishti, Yatho Drishti thatho ManahYatho Manah thatho Bhaava, Yatho Bhaava thatho Rasa
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|...explaining men still assume I am, in some sort of obscene impregnation metaphor, an empty vessel to be filled with their wisdom and knowledge.
Frenkel writes|Math is a very peculiar thing, for in it all numbers have a double but not all have halves.
John Bingham|When he ran, he even loved the pain, the hurt of the running, the burning in his lungs and the spasms that sometimes gripped his calves. He loved it because he knew he could endure the pain, and even go beyond it. He had never pushed himself to the limit but he felt all this reserve strength inside of him: more than strength actually—determination. And it sang in him as he ran, his heart pumping blood joyfully through his body.
Blake Charlton, Spellbound|[Nicodemus] 'Magistra DeVega, can I ask for your help?'[DeVega] 'You can ask,' she said with her usual calmness, 'but the clerics haven't developed a cure for death by idiotic leadership.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|It was no coincidence, that fear could move a person to extremes, just as seamlessly as love. They were the conjoined twins of emotion: If you didn't know what was at stake to lose, you had nothing to fight for.
Nicholas Sparks, At First Sight|Just when you think it can't get any worse, it can. And just when you think it can't get any better, it can.
Rowan Williams|When we believe that God is Father, we also believe that such a father's hand will never cause his child a needless tear. We may not understand life any better, but we will not resent life any longer.
Caroline Knapp|For many people who are so lost in their minds, so much involved in their thought processes, the only moments they have when they are not trapped in that is when they are relating to their animal, their pet.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|Buck Barrow, brother of Clyde Barrow (Bonnie & Clyde) was once asked "Where are you wanted by the law?" Barrow replied, "Wherever I've been." What a picture of our own guilt. We cannot escape our sinfulness because it follows us everywhere. Neither can we escape the mercy of God that is always there.
Muammar Gaddafi, The Green Book|Women are females and men are males. According to gynaecologists, women menstruate every month or so, while men, being male, do not menstruate or suffer during the monthly period. A women, being female, is naturally subject to monthly bleeding. When a women does not menstruate, she is pregnant. If she is pregnant, she becomes, due to pregnancy, less active for about a year.
Carlos Drummond de Andrade|I wanted desperately to get all hot and sweaty with this guy, but I knew from experience that hormones affected my sensibilities like alcohol or pot. In the throes of passion I tend to vow my eternal love to a penis I might use and abuse, with little regard for the man connected to it. I'm trying to keep that habit.
Luisa Natasha Parker|...graced by some delicate, perceptive and fine-boned writing, is at the heart of the book, and Creel gets it all just right.
Elizabeth Eulberg, Prom and Prejudice|I wasn't used to guys making me blush, and I wasn't sure why he even was making me blush.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|I'd felt the pop of the needle sliding into my veins, like a fang into flesh. I'd been enveloped in the golden haze where nothing is wrong even when everything is falling apart. A dance with a hypodermic fiend, my hands in the claws of a vulture.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|The earl shook his head, exhibiting a degree of frosty offense that could only be achieved by an aristocrat whose wishes had just been gainsaid. “I’ve never heard of a man being so eager to confess to the parent of a girl he’s just ruined,” he said sourly.
Charles de Secondat Baron de Montesquieu|If animal history has been a history of evolution, then the history of mankind is one of retrogression. Hooray for monsters! Monsters are the great embodiments of the weak.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I've never forgotten him. Dare I say I miss him? I do. I miss him. I still see him in my dreams. They are nightmares mostly, but nightmares tinged with love. Such is the strangeness of the human heart. I still cannot understand how he could abandon me so unceremoniously, without any sort of goodbye, without looking back even once. The pain is like an axe that chops my heart. 
Barack Obama|In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|I saw the sunset-colored sands, The Nile like flowing fire between, Where Rameses stares forth serene, And Ammon's heavy temple stands.I saw the rocks where long ago, Above the sea that cries and breaks, Swift Perseus with Medusa's snakes Set free the maiden white like snow.And many skies have covered me, And many winds have blown me forth, And I have loved the green, bright north, And I have loved the cold, sweet sea.But what to me are north and south, And what the lure of many lands, Since you have leaned to catch my hands And lay a kiss upon my mouth.
Terry Pratchett, Sourcery|I swallowed all the doubt and all the disappointment and all the anger and they were almost too big, like vitamin pills that are difficult to get down even with water.
Murasaki Shikibu|i wish you could understand me, but of course it is not the way of this world that we are ever completely understood.
Uzoma Nnadi|Listen to Mr. Complacency long enough and he'll convince you that what you really, really need is a nap.
Brent M. Jones|...nothing ever as much as begun, nothing ever but nothing and never, nothing ever but lifeless words.
Victoria Moran, Lit From Within: Tending Your Soul For Lifelong Beauty|A simple life is not seeing how little we can get by with—that’s poverty—but how efficiently we can put first things first. . . . When you’re clear about your purpose and your priorities, you can painlessly discard whatever does not support these, whether it’s clutter in your cabinets or commitments on your calendar. (148)
Laura Kamoie, America's First Daughter|I’m not only my father’s daughter, but also a daughter of the nation he founded. And protecting both is what I’ve always done.
Chris Lear, Running with the Buffaloes: A Season Inside with Mark Wetmore, Adam Goucher, and the University of Colorado Men's Cross-Country Team|Don't fight the trail, take what it gives you. If you have a choice between one step or two between rocks, take three.
Harper Lee|No, justice has not ceased to exist. How could it? It is possible for men to abandon their sight of it, and then it is justice that destroys them. But it is not possible for justice to go out of existence, because one is an attribute of the other, because justice is the act of acknowledging that which exists.
Francesca Lia Block, The Rose and the Beast: Fairy Tales Retold|I'd sit around dreaming that the boys I saw at shows or at work - the boys with silver earrings and big boots - would tell me I was beautiful, take me home and feed me Thai food or omelets and undress me and make love to me all night with the palm trees whispering windsongs about a tortured gleaming city and the moonlight like flame melting our candle bodies.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|In a supersonic jet, you'll land before you take off. Your watch - if it's working right - will go back. (It'll stop if it's not). You've made a journey forwards and backwards at the same time. The trip will make you younger.
Tabatha Coffey|If you have a deep-seated need to be loved and admired every day, you shouldn't be in politics. You should go work at a pet store.
Sunday Adelaja|Keep moving. Have a goal, One day you will arrive at a place that is better than the place where you were, even if it is only in your head.
Alok Jagawat|The best lies are seasoned with a bit of truth,
George Orwell|I'm always under surveillance from both the NSA, the Russian KGB, and the Bulgarian Army, so I'm the most invisible.
Amit Kalantri|An honest man speaks truth, don't expect him to speak sweet.
Santosh Kalwar|Dance in the rain, follow the path of lovely lanes, you are what you always wanted to be, so chill out, dear friend!
Jill Ker Conway|Above all I needed to be made to think about what it meant that I was a woman, instead of acting unreflectingly as though I were a man, bound to live out the script of a man’s life.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Whatever GOD creates, GOD sustains.
Jack Ma|Telephone, n. An invention of the devil which abrogates some of the advantages of making a disagreeable person keep his distance.
Selma Lagerlöf, Invisible Links|He needed so much to weep. All the distrust of life which misfortunes had brought to the little Värmland boy needed tears to wash it away. Distrust that love and joy, beauty and strength blossomed on the earth, distrust in himself, all must go, all did go, for it was Easter; the dead lived and the Spirit of Fasting would never again come into power.
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|These days he was like a zombie, all grim business, just another jerk with an erection.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|The word begone is a Russian doll. A small, single word, which contains so many others; and when all the smaller words inside line up, they look like a bridge: Be Beg Ego Go On One.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|The lake of my mind, unbroken by oars, heaves placidly and soon sinks into an oily somnolence.’ That will be useful.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|It struck Mort with sudden, terrible poignancy that Death must be the loneliest creature in the universe. In the great party of Creation, he was always in the kitchen.
Ellen J. Barrier|Books open and broaden our minds allowing us to challenge ourselves to become more than we are, by setting positive goals for ourselves, and overcoming doubts about our ability to receive the education we want to achieve.
George Soros|When you've been raised in care, rap music isn't just about guns and sexism. They're talking about real things you can hang on to, problems of identity that you have sympathy with. It's not just about the music, with rap: when I was in care, it meant a whole lot more than that.
honeya|Quran‬, ‪Bible‬, ‪BhagwadGita‬ are your (as an follower) way of life and not everyone's way of life, so don't force people to change. These Holy books teach you to change yourself (for good) and not others.
Joseph Fletcher|The top 10% of the people who are most creative, constructive and thoughtful, do not have much to do with churches. To them the canons of reason come first, making faith secondary and questionable.
Nikki Rowe|I won't deny that I haven't been this vulnerable for a long time, it scares me ~ all of it, love, emotion and connection but I've reached a point in my life that I now know this type of love doesn't knock often and when it does, maybe it's time to open the door.
William McGill|The value of consistent prayer is not that [God] will hear us, but that we will hear Him.
Stephen King, Misery|His so-fucking-vivid imagination rarely gave him the horrors, but when it did, God help him. God help him once it was warmed up. It was not only warmed up now, it was hot and running on full choke. That there was no sense at all in what he was thinking made not a whit of difference in the dark. In the dark, rationality seemed stupid and logic a dream. In the dark he thought with his skin.
Edward Everett Hale|I am only one, but I am one. I cannot do everything, but I can do something. And because I cannot do everything, I will not refuse to do the something that I can do.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|I'd rather have names to hurt me, than my bones broken with sticks and stones.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|You show the world as a complete, unbroken chain, an eternal chain, linked together by cause and effect.
Christophe Galfard, The Universe in Your Hand: A Journey Through Space, Time, and Beyond|I never thought before,” said Tirin unruffled, “of the fact that there are people sitting on a hill, up there, on Urras, looking at Anarres, at us, and saying, ‘Look, there’s the Moon.’ Our earth is their Moon; our Moon is their earth.” “Where, then, is Truth?” declaimed Bedap, and yawned. “In the hill one happens to be sitting on,” said Tirin.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|You are not made in ‘your image’. You are, in fact, made in ‘God’s image’. Therefore, which one are you looking for when you look in the mirror?
Emily Gould|He’s a young man, my own age or a little older, which is young for a man although not for a woman, as at my age a woman is an old maid but a man is not an old bachelor until he’s fifty, and even then there’s still hope for the ladies, as Mary Whitney used to say.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|Illness especially, may be a blessed forerunner of the individual’s conversion. Not only does it prevent him from realizing his desires; it even reduces his capacity for sin, his opportunities for vice. In that enforced detachment from evil, which is a Mercy of God, he has time to search himself, to appraise his life, to interpret it in terms of larger reality. He considers God, and, at that moment, there is a sense of duality, a confronting of personality with Divinity, a comparison of the facts of his life with the ideal from which he fell. The soul is forced to look inside itself, to inquire whether there is more peace in this suffering than in sinning. Once a sick man, in his passivity, begins to ask, “What is the purpose of my life? Why am I here?” the crisis has already begun. Conversion becomes possible the very moment a man ceases to blame God or life and begins to blame himself; by doing so, he becomes able to distinguish between his sinful barnacles and the ship of his soul. A crack has appeared in the armor of his egotism; now the sunlight of God’s grace can pour in. But until that happens, catastrophes can teach us nothing but despair.
J. California Cooper, Some Soul to Keep|Superior, do you understand me? These are white people. They are not like you, or me or us. They have the power to hurt you ... and sometimes it's fun to them when they do. Their power is not because they are smart ... it's because ... something happened sometime ... started somewhere and they got on top of the world. They got the power. The only power you got is to learn to live with them, learn to read their minds ... til you can do better. They don't treat each other right ... so don't you look to be treated right. You hear me? Sometimes there's good white people ... but don't you act like that til you know that.
Randolph M. Nesse, Why We Get Sick: The New Science of Darwinian Medicine|Some people are constructive, if you like. Others are destructive. It's this diversity in humankind that results in some making positive contributions and some negative contributions. It's necessary to have enough to make positive contributions to overcome the problems of each age.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|Her shut-eyed smile transformed itself into something else: the smile of someone brave and knowing, someone whose pain had made her wise.
Susan Shwartz, Carpetbagger|Could you just imagine? If every suicide rose--think of Faulkner's Quentin Compson as a vampire. I don't hate the South I don't I don't. She wondered how they'd have worked it out in Cambridge when Quentin threw himself off the Andersen bridge into the Charles amid the odor of the honeysuckle, not the beer, sweat, rum, and tainted magnolias of this city, precariously beneath the level of the water. The Compson blood had thinned out; at least this way, he's restore it after a fashion.
Frank Abagnale|I think the greatest hip-hop artist of all time is Jay-Z, without a doubt. He just keeps amazing me with his performance, and since '96, that guy has been producing at least one hit every summer and every winter. That's a pretty good resume.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life is a test.  It was designed to be so.  It is where we taste the bitter and the sweet; where we feel pain and pleasure; where we learn right from wrong; where we pass through both darkness and light.  It is a time to make choices.  And through this process we form our characters—some grand and glorious, some barely decent, and others just plain monstrous. 
K.L. Toth|It is impossible, or not easy, to alter by argument what has long been absorbed by habit
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|This is what I feared would come; this is what I have dreaded. It is not very bright and honorable as you have always thought it; it is not like a ballad. It is a muddle and a mess, and a sinful waste, and good men have died and more will follow.
H.G. Wells|So across the chaos, the Devil looks at God and falls deeply in love with Her. She looks at Him, and the same thing happens. They get married and have some children—first light, then the dry land, and all the trees, and so on and so forth. Last of all, She gives birth to Adam and Eve. They worship their mother, but not their father. He gets jealous. God and the Devil fight. They agree to split up. She gets to keep heaven, and He has to move in to hell. Then she talks bad about Him to their children, makes them hate Him.
Jenna Bush|Mom spent the time that she was supposed to be a kid actully raising children, her younger brother and younger sister. She was tough as nails and did not suffer fools at all. And the truth was she could not afford to. She spoke the truth, bluntly, directly, and without much varnish. I am her son.
John Whitehead|It was spring when it happened and the schoolroom windows were open all day long, and every afternoon after Billy left we had milk from little waxy cartons and Mrs. Jansma would read us chapters from a wonderful book about some children in England that had a bed that took them places at night.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|You didn’t,” she said in a resolute voice. “And you won’t in the future, because with each purging of your soul, your anger will subside until the only release you’ll need will be in my arms.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The holy servant, the Saviour JESUS CHRIST.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|It’s a strange feeling when you realise that you have become a passive bystander, watching the quirks of your own fate with an icy indifference.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|See yourself as the perfect creation that you are, but at the same time, recognize with sincere honesty, the areas of your life that are out of balance and get to work to improve and grow.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sometimes life is unpredictable, as are people.
George Saunders|Those stories tended to be located around the places where things went wrong, and people were cruel to one another, and so on. They reflected what was probably the most urgent truth operating in me at that time: oh, shit, things can go wrong, and if they do, people get hurt, and I might be one of them, in spite of the fact that I am, you know, me.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|The modern scientist attempts to step outside of himself in order to observe himself, an attempt that is always doomed to failure. You cannot make an object out of your subjective experience, but you know that consciousness exists, simply because you exist.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|Once you discover freedom, you want to capture it, never let it go.
Richard Dawkins|For my part, I prefer the ontological argument, the cosmological argument and the rest of the old stock-in-trade, to the sentimental illogicality that has sprung from Rousseau.
David Richo, How to Be an Adult in Relationships: The Five Keys to Mindful Loving|Our identity is like a kaleidoscope. With each turn we reset it not to a former or final state but to a new one that reflects the here-and-now positions of the pieces we have to work with. The design is always new because the shifts are continual. That is what makes kaleidoscopes, and us, so appealing and beautiful.
Eric Liddell|If you are going to throw a club, it is important to throw it ahead of you, down the fairway, so you don't have to waste energy going back to pick it up.
Emily Hanson|Believe me, friend Hellishnoise: the greatest events—they are not our loudest but our stillest hours.
|If you cannot piece someone else's heart back to its original condition, don't dare to break it.
Audrey Moralez|Productivity is about looking forward. Looking back too much, or trying to be too much of a perfectionist, can destroy that productivity. So keep going. Keep creating. Keep building.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have faced many moments of despair, thank God who relieved me from distress.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Now that I have opened that bottle of memories they're pouring out like wine, crimson and bittersweet.
Kia Amazona, The Way It Was Before|Maybe this was now normal for Olivier. Maybe every now and then he simply wept. Not in pain or sadness. The tears were just overwhelming memories, rendered into water, seeping out.
Francis Young|The punter sweated on top of Marina, his lips all over her young body, his tongue slipping out from rows of crooked teeth, pushing hungrily from between his shrivelled lips like a clam from a shell, a bottom feeder searching for salty nutrition.
Samuel Gompers|I look in the mirror every morning, okay. What is going on here? You know, I just say, 'Look, it's sheer insanity.'
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Sometimes I feel like if you just watch things, just sit still and let the world exist in front of you - sometimes I swear that just for a second time freezes and the world pauses in its tilt. Just for a second. And if you somehow found a way to live in that second, then you would live forever.
Joyce Carol Oates, The Mammoth Book of Modern Ghost Stories|So I can’t explain why, for the next twenty minutes, I stand at the window quietly willing him with my mind to come inside and erase the distance between us.
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|When assaulted by sexual knowledge for the first time, a girl plunges into a period of blackness, which is required in order to let her emotions catch up with her body.Sleeping Beauty sleeps. Cinderella waits, and while she waits she works her way through the darkness of depression. Snow White both works and sleeps before she is ready to open her eyes and find a Prince leaning over her.
Jamie Clayton|I've always been interested in photographing traditions and customs - especially in America. The prom is an American tradition, a rite of passage that has always been one of the most important rituals of American youth. It is a day in our lives that we never forget - a day full of hopes and dreams for our future.
Hermann Hesse, Bäume. Betrachtungen und Gedichte|For me, trees have always been the most penetrating preachers. I revere them when they live in tribes and families, in forests and groves. And even more I revere them when they stand alone. They are like lonely persons. Not like hermits who have stolen away out of some weakness, but like great, solitary men, like Beethoven and Nietzsche. In their highest boughs the world rustles, their roots rest in infinity; but they do not lose themselves there, they struggle with all the force of their lives for one thing only: to fulfil themselves according to their own laws, to build up their own form, to represent themselves. Nothing is holier, nothing is more exemplary than a beautiful, strong tree. When a tree is cut down and reveals its naked death-wound to the sun, one can read its whole history in the luminous, inscribed disk of its trunk: in the rings of its years, its scars, all the struggle, all the suffering, all the sickness, all the happiness and prosperity stand truly written, the narrow years and the luxurious years, the attacks withstood, the storms endured. And every young farmboy knows that the hardest and noblest wood has the narrowest rings, that high on the mountains and in continuing danger the most indestructible, the strongest, the ideal trees grow. Trees are sanctuaries. Whoever knows how to speak to them, whoever knows how to listen to them, can learn the truth. They do not preach learning and precepts, they preach, undeterred by particulars, the ancient law of life. A tree says: A kernel is hidden in me, a spark, a thought, I am life from eternal life. The attempt and the risk that the eternal mother took with me is unique, unique the form and veins of my skin, unique the smallest play of leaves in my branches and the smallest scar on my bark. I was made to form and reveal the eternal in my smallest special detail. A tree says: My strength is trust. I know nothing about my fathers, I know nothing about the thousand children that every year spring out of me. I live out the secret of my seed to the very end, and I care for nothing else. I trust that God is in me. I trust that my labor is holy. Out of this trust I live. When we are stricken and cannot bear our lives any longer, then a tree has something to say to us: Be still! Be still! Look at me! Life is not easy, life is not difficult. Those are childish thoughts. Let God speak within you, and your thoughts will grow silent. You are anxious because your path leads away from mother and home. But every step and every day lead you back again to the mother. Home is neither here nor there. Home is within you, or home is nowhere at all. A longing to wander tears my heart when I hear trees rustling in the wind at evening. If one listens to them silently for a long time, this longing reveals its kernel, its meaning. It is not so much a matter of escaping from one's suffering, though it may seem to be so. It is a longing for home, for a memory of the mother, for new metaphors for life. It leads home. Every path leads homeward, every step is birth, every step is death, every grave is mother. So the tree rustles in the evening, when we stand uneasy before our own childish thoughts: Trees have long thoughts, long-breathing and restful, just as they have longer lives than ours. They are wiser than we are, as long as we do not listen to them. But when we have learned how to listen to trees, then the brevity and the quickness and the childlike hastiness of our thoughts achieve an incomparable joy. Whoever has learned how to listen to trees no longer wants to be a tree. He wants to be nothing except what he is. That is home. That is happiness.
Thomas Sowell|Human thought and human caring go on in one brain and one heart at a time. Groups are necessary. Regulations are necessary. Government, I would hope limited government, is necessary. But it all starts with the individual. Everything that is accomplished starts with one person, even if the group steps in and helps; it’s still one brain and one heart at a time.
Jean Craighead George, Julie of the Wolves|There the old Eskimo hunters she had known in her childhood thought the riches of life were intelligence, fearlessness, and love. A man with these gifts was rich and was a great spirit who was admired in the same way that the gussaks admired a man with money and goods.
Ted Hughes, River|So we found the end of our journey.So we stood, alive in the river of light,Among the creatures of light, creatures of light.
Pete Townshend|I love hip hop music, I make hip hop music.
Sage Steadman, Ann, Not Annie|In high school, though, if you call someone out on their shit you get bullied. It’s really a horrible time in life. Honestly, I don’t even know why there is an entire genre of books dedicated to it.
John Lanchester, Capital|...It is necessary for the average citizen, if he wishes to make a living, to avoid incurring the hostility of certain big men. And these big men have an outlook - religious, moral, and political - with which they expect their employees to agree, at least outwardly.
Jessica Hawkins, Come Undone|I’m still waiting for something, searching for something I cannot describe.”“It’s called true love. Most people never find it.
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|I had to decide what I was going to do, and what I was going to be.I was standing there, waiting for someone to do something , till I realised the person I was waiting for was myself.
Mariska Hargitay|Baby, you’re not the one who’s broken. The assholes who mistreated you, they’re the broken ones. You did what you had to do to survive them.
Nabil N. Jamal|If you want to win, you're going to have to fight.
Trey Parker|I feel that we, as Indians, have a knack for loving a stereotypical, sobbing, sympathy-seeking personality. I feel that we need to promote quirky, cool and youthful talent. We have to stop propagating the sob-story angle of celebs, where they try to be larger-than-life. That is very outdated. It is so boring that it puts you to sleep.
Clay Matthews III|I was born in a middle class Muslim family, in a small town called Myonenningh in a northern part of Bangladesh in 1962. My father is a qualified physician; my mother is a housewife. I have two elder brothers and one younger sister. All of them received a liberal education in schools and colleges.
Natasha Trethewey|I think people turn to poetry more often than they think they do, or encounter it in more ways than they think that they do. I think we forget the places that we encounter it, say, in songs or in other little bits and pieces of things that we may have remembered from childhood.
Gordon R. Dickson, Soldier, Ask Not|Onward, and up, and up again, until the impossible was achieved, all barriers were broken, all pains conquered, all abilities possessed. Until all was lightning and no darkness left.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|The engaged mind, illuminated by truth, awakens awareness; the engaged heart, affected by love, awakens passion. May I say once more - this essential energy of the soul is not an ecstatic trance, high emotion or a sanguine stance toward life: It is a fierce longing for God, an unyielding resolve to live in and out of our belovedness. - pg. 152
Bruce Feiler|Winning the Super Bowl was obviously a great one, but the joy I felt of going to the Super Bowl, it was what I felt about the Pittsburgh Steelers and where we came from, the history of us to that point.
Rob Siltanen|Here's to the crazy ones. The misfits. The rebels. The troublemakers. The round pegs in the square holes. The ones who see things differently. They're not fond of rules. And they have no respect for the status quo. You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them. About the only thing you can't do is ignore them. Because they change things. They push the human race forward. And while some may see them as the crazy ones, we see genius. Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
K.K. Cook|No matter how deep in disgrace, a human being IS human, after all.
Leigh LaValle, The Runaway Countess|How do they do it?” He stopped at her side, his eyes on the jugglers. It seemed impossible that not one ball fell to the ground.“Determination.” She elbowed him playfully. “And being willing to make a few mistakes.
E. Nesbit, The Story of the Treasure Seekers|An old book was a time capsule. When you opened the front cover, you opened a door to another world—a world accessible through a kind of looking glass made of hard-board and cloth. The author’s voice resonated in the reader’s head with the same words that had resonated in his own as he wrote them. He spoke to the reader from the past. What he had witnessed, experienced, learned, and discovered would live forever. You only had to turn a page to travel in time.
Auliq Ice|Finally, if you ask why this complete picture of the Antichrist is given us in Scripture, my answer is: in order that we might clearly recognize it when it is revealed. And what then must we do when we see it is come? Must we oppose it, must we fight it with the sword? That, of course, is completely impossible. It will come. It must come. And to oppose its coming is entirely vain. Its coming is irresistible. And the battle is not one of, the sword. But as the text has it, he that is for captivity, into captivity he goeth; and if any man shall kill with the sword, with the sword he must be killed. No, we cannot oppose the power of Antichrist by main force. When that world-power comes and reigns supreme, we shall be submissive to the last, as far as God and our conscience permit. But here is the patience and the faith of the saints, that in all these times they remain faithful, and refuse to deny the Christ. They wait for the day of His coming. May God give us grace to be found faithful at all times, and watching and praying, so that no one may take our crown.
Jack Thorne, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|You ask me, of all people, how to protect a boy in terrible danger? We cannot protect the young from harm. Pain must and will come.
Dan Jones, The Wars of the Roses: The Fall of the Plantagenets and the Rise of the Tudors|The king's "only interest in government was a pious but simpleminded desire for reproachment
Akkineni Nagarjuna|I would have to have people totally committed to the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution of this United States. And many of the Muslims, they are not totally dedicated to this country. They are not dedicated to our Constitution. Many of them are trying to force Sharia law on the people of this country.
Amy Guth, Three Fallen Women|Mismatches destroy us all, even the most tender ones, and most never have the courage to break someone else's heart to follow their own.
Cliff Hannold|Decided, commit, act, succeed, repeat. The one thing that all the greats have in common is they sweat the small stuff and they pay very close attention to every detail.
Thor Benson|The Brandy Diet is one of my personal favourites – you don’t lose any weight, but if you drink enough of the stuff then you neither care what you look like nor what people think of you. Also, if you’re very lucky, you can lose days.
Faruk DML|For I chase but one hind, he says, one strange deer timid and wild, and she leads me off the paths that other men have trod, and by myself into the depths of the wood.
Ruth Harris|There are men who have themselves whipped simply to increase their sexual pleasure. These, in contrast with true masochists, regard flagellation as a means to an end.
Adam Miller, Badiou, Marion and St Paul: Immanent Grace|We are going to make mistakes no matter what, so it's better to be strong in faith despite our mistakes than weak in faith because of them.
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|This is Kester Baleen and Ajex Cristo,' Jared introduced. 'One born without common sense and another with too much intelligence.''Yeah, and what about you Dernell?' Kester retorted back. 'Born with a dry sense of humour.
Elizabeth Wallace, Mark Twain And The Happy Island|Then he looked back to me, and smiled. It was a terrible expression, filled with edges, and with knives.
Kristy Logan|If the ending is not happy, the story is not finished.
Tony Yang, Are You Sure You Want to Love God?|God’s work.My work.God can find someone else to do my work.But no one can do God’s work.So, my work is to PRAY that God will do His work through my work.
Cherríe L. Moraga|There were moments when Szara suspected that many idealists drawn to Communism were, at heart, people with an appetite for clandestine life.
Abigail Thomas, A Three Dog Life|For better or for worse, but not for lunch,...
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|He (Lincoln) differed from fanatical moralists primarily in that he was always perplexed. No sooner did he believe he was doing God's will that he began to admit that God's purposes might be different from his own. In short, he never forgot the men's contrast between the absolute goodness of God and the faltering goodness of all who are in the finite predicament.
William Strunk Jr., The Elements of Style|Another segment of society that has constructed a language of its own is business. People in business say that toner cartridges are in short supply, that they have updated the next shipment of these cartridges, and that they will finalize their recommendations at the next meeting of the board. They are speaking a language familiar and dear to them. Its portentous nouns and verbs invest ordinary events with high adventure; executives walk among toner cartridges, caparisoned like knights. We should tolerate them--every person of spirit wants to ride a white horse.
Jack Kerouac, Big Sur|When you’re sure of what you want, I’ll be right here.
Minna Antrim|If I am fool, it is, at least, a doubting one; and I envy no one the certainty of his self-approved wisdom.
Hiromu Arakawa, Fullmetal Alchemist, Vol. 2|Riza: Without his Alchemy he's just...Jean: A little brat who swears a lotMaes: An arrogant pipsqueakRoy: Useless. Just uselessAlphonse: Sorry big brother, I don't know how to add to that...Ed *starts to cry*: YOU'RE ALL PICKING ON ME!!!
S. Michael Wilcox|Neither by nature, then, nor contrary to nature do the virtues arise in us; rather we are adapted by nature to receive them, and are made perfect by habit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish gain understanding, turn away from evil.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|The true Love Dare. To move into His presence and listen to His love unending and know the grace uncontainable. This is the vault of the miracles. The only thing that can change us, the world, is this- all His love.
Molly Crabapple, Drawing Blood|Radicals often suspect beauty of corruption. Uptight fuckers though they sometimes are, they're right in one thing: art alone cannot change the world. Pens can't take on swords, let alone Predator drones. But as disappointment and violence spread, the antidote is a generosity that the best art can still inspire.Art is hope against cynicism, creation against entropy. To make art is an act of both love and defiance. Though I'm a cynic, I believe these things are all we have.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Keep your fears to yourself, but share your courage with others.
Dolls Bowman|So walk, or run if you can to your dreams. It doesn't matter if it's far or near. You can pause along the way but never stop, OK? Then hug it when you finally meet it! Embrace the moment. Love it and never let it go. Hold its opportunities and kiss its lessons with full of sincerity. Remember every moment of it - specially - the journey. It is what matters most.
Lisa Gardner, The Neighbor|Revenge is not worthy of you. If you concentrate on revenge, you will keep those wounds fresh that would otherwise have healed.
Malcolm Turnbull|Those who write the editorials and those who write the columns, they simply are unaccountable. They're free to impose their cultural politics in the name of freedom of the press.
Margherita Hack|In a way, her strangeness, her naivete, her craving for the other half of her equation was the consequence of idle imagination. Had she paints, or clay, or knew the discipline of the dance, or strings; had she anything to engage her tremendous curiosity and her gift for metaphor, she might have exchanged the restlessness and preoccupation with whim for an activity that provided her with all she yearned for. And like any artist with no art from, she became dangerous.
Gugu Mona|When you understand the power of praise, you can't waste precious time on cursing the enemy, but rather be steadfast in praising God for the guaranteed victories. After all there is no essence in fighting battles that are won already.
Rebecca Eanes, The Newbie's Guide to Positive Parenting|So often, children are punished for being human. Children are not allowed to have grumpy moods, bad days, disrespectful tones, or bad attitudes, yet we adults have them all the time! We think if we don't nip it in the bud, it will escalate and we will lose control. Let go of that unfounded fear and give your child permission to be human. We all have days like that. None of us are perfect, and we must stop holding our children to a higher standard of perfection than we can attain ourselves. All of the punishments you could throw at them will not stamp out their humanity, for to err is human, and we all do it sometimes.
Patton Oswalt|Americans aren't good at accents, but the English are because their accents change. You go five or six blocks and the accent is different, so they are used to hearing different pitches. In America, you gotta travel maybe 10 states before you can really hear a difference.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|Our faces were no more than ten inches apart, but she was light years away from me.
Auliq Ice|Success is not attained by chance, you have to work in order to get it.
Steve Harvey|The guns and the bombs, the rockets and the warships, are all symbols of human failure.
Shannon Tanner, Worthy: The POWER of Wholeness|Sometimes it is no great shame to give in, even to despair, provided that it is just for a little while. Sometimes a little surrender is good for the soul.
Ronald Reagan|The key to successful leadership today is influence, not authority.
Stephanie Witter, Fix Up|it’s okay if college isn’t your thing. I’m sure there’s a pole somewhere with your name on it, but next time you might not want to buy your tits off Craig’s List. Just sayin’....Danny James
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Behind every successful woman are people who bring out the best in her, encourage her and cheer her on!
Lester B. Pearson|From a scientific perspective there is some indication that a nuclear war could deplete the earth's ozone layer or, less likely, could bring on a new Ice Age - but there is no suggestion that either the created order or mankind would be destroyed in the process.
Terry Spear, The Ancient Fae|After a lifetime of wanting to be loved, she didn't think she could bear it if it finally happened just before she was about to die.
Milan Kundera, Identity|And so the Steppenwolf had two natures, a human and a wolfish one. This was his fate, and it may well be that it was not a very exceptional one. There must have been many men who have had a good deal of the dog or the fox, of the fish or the serpent in them without experiencing any extraordinary difficulties on that account. In such cases, the man and the fish lived on together and neither did the other any harm. The one even helped the other. Many a man indeed has carried this condition to such enviable lengths that he has owed his happiness more to the fox or the ape in him than the man.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest YO MAMA Jokes|Yo Mama’s so poor, when I lit her house on fire, the cockroaches came out singing, “Clap your hands, stomp your feet, praise the Lord, we got some heat!
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|I went to interview a man with a high reputation for wisdom, because I felt that here if anywhere I should succeed in disproving the oracle and pointing out to my divine authority 'You said that I was the wisest of men, but here is a man who is wiser than I am.' Well, I gave a thorough examination to this person... and in conversation with him I formed the impression that although in many people's opinion, and especially in his own, he appeared to be wise, in fact he was not. Then when I began to try to show him that he only thought he was wise and was not really so, my efforts were resented both by him and by many of the other people present. However, I reflected as I walked away: 'Well, I am certainly wiser than this man. It is only too likely that neither of us has any knowledge to boast of; but he thinks that he knows something which he does not know, whereas I am quite conscious of my ignorance. At any rate it seems that I am wiser than he is to this small extent, that I do not think that I know what I do not know... [A]s I pursued my investigation at the god's command,... my honest impression was... that the people with the greatest reputations were almost entirely deficient, while others who were supposed to be their inferiors were much better qualified in practical intelligence.
will.i.am|Science at its best is an open-minded method of inquiry, not a belief system.
Prudence Hayes, Back Into The Sunshine|The process of finding the right doctor for you is excruciatingly painful, sometimes causing more damage than what you started with, but the feeling of finding the right one is priceless.
Jason Lutes|An ad for cigars appears in 100,000 newspapers; sales of that brand increase by 3% for a short time thereafter. A new play receives a viciously negative review in a theatrical journal that prints 500 copies; the playwright shoots himself. Who’s the better writer?
Erik Pevernagie|In a world spoiled by the obituary of attention and the dormancy of empathy, people are coming up short of authentic emotion. (“The upper lip must never tremble”)
Kiera Cass, The Selection|He wasn’t allowed to come with me there—my own rule for thislittle adventure.No more.Good-bye, Aspen.
C. JoyBell C.|If I am to be fallen into love, I will. And if as a result I will appear to be stupid, disillusioned, and of poor judgment, I will. And I would be damned if I cared what other people think. For I would rather be thought of as all of these things, than not love. If in loving, I become the naked woman on the horse, I will ride that horse with my head held high. This is my spirit. I am unbreakable.
Boris Kovalík|The part of thinking that’s easy to handle is the part that works by analogy with speech. Thinking in words, speaking our thoughts internally, projects an auditorium inside our skulls. Dark or bright, a shadow theater or a stage scorched by klieg lights, here we try out voices, including the voice we have settled on as the familiar sound of our identity, although it may not be what other people hear when we speak aloud. But that is the topmost of the linguistic processes going on in the mind. Beneath the auditorium runs a continuous river of thought that not only is soundless but is not ordered so it can be spoken. For obvious reasons, describing it is difficult. If I dip experimentally into the wordless flow, and then try to recall the sensations of it, I have the impression of a state in which grammar is present – for when I think like this I am certainly construing lucid relationships between different kinds of meaning, and making sense of the world by distinguishing between (for a start) objects and actions – but thought there are so to speak nounlike and verblike concentrations in the flow, I do not solidify them, I do not break them off into word-sized units. Are there pictures? Yes, but I am not watching a slide show, the images do not come in units either. Sometimes there’s a visual turbulence – rapid, tumbling, propelled – that doesn’t resolve into anything like the outlines of separate images. Sometimes one image, like a key, will hold steady while a whole train of wordless thoughts flows from its start to its finish. A mountain. A closed box. A rusty hinge.
Neil Young|It doesn't matter the kind of music, it doesn't matter whether it's a cowboy hat or a yarmulke. I don't care if it's outer space or pop, the spirit is the same.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Though we may choose to view them symbolically, dreams are actually no more or less symbolic than everyday waking reality. When the images and events don't conform to our view of reality, we call them symbols. When they do, we call them facts.
Edward Gibbon, The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire|Edward Gibbon, in his classic work on the fall of the Roman Empire, describes the Roman era's declension as a place where "bizarreness masqueraded as creativity.
Leo Babauta, The Power Of Less: The Fine Art of Limiting Yourself to the Essential|For Leopardi, unhappy hedonist that he was, what is unknown is always more attractive than what is known; hope and imagination are the only consolations for the disappointments and sorrows of experience. Man therefore projects his desire into infinity and feels pleasure only when he is able to imagine that this pleasure has no end.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Nice girl. Wears too much makeup.""Most chicks hate her.""Most chicks wish they looked like her. And they wish they had her money and boyfriend."I stop and regard her in disgust. "Burro Face?""Oh, please, Alex. Colin Adams is cute, he's the captain of the football team and Fairfield's hero. You're like Danny Zuko in Grease. You smoke, you're in a gang, and you've dated the hottest bad girls around. Brittany is like Sandy ... a Sandy who'll never show up to school in a black leather jacket with a ciggie hangin' from her mouth. Give up the fantasy.
Giordano Bruno|I must govern the clock, not be governed by it.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Only when you go beyond Mind, will you be able to respect the energy that inhabits us; until then you will either exploit others with your energy or will deplete your energy, leading a purposeless life!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Serious businesses and lenders will tell you that managing your cash flow is one of the most important aspects in the health of any business. Managing you time flow is key to a healthy and successful life, because, Time is equal to Life. The quality of time expenditure is in direct proportion to the quality of life enjoyed.
Inara Scott, The Boss’s Fake Fiancee|Why live boring, if you can make things exceptional...
Mohammad Azeem|Your brain is not only the material inside your cranium, its something to be explored, developed and refined
Edward Witten|That the nobility of Man, acquired in a hundred centuries of trial and error, lay in making himself the conquerer of matter, and that I had enrolled in chemistry because I wanted to maintain faithful to that nobility. That conquering matter is to understand it, and understanding matter is necessary to understanding the universe and ourselves: and that therefore Mendeleev’s Periodic Table, which just during those weeks we were laboriously learning to unravel, was poetry, loftier and more solemn than all the poetry we had swallowed doen in liceo; and come to think of it, it even rhymed! …[T]he chemistry and physics on which we fed, besides being in themselves nourishments vital in themselves, were the antidotes to Fascism … because they were clear and distinct and verifiable at every step, and not a tissue of lies and emptiness like the radio and newspapers.
Sixeye|People say karma's a bitch. Personally, I really don't think I'm that bad.
Mahatma Gandhi|For Christians, they need to access the power of Jesus and not look at Christianity as a religion. It is our Lord Jesus that makes you change, and Christians need to actualize it and put it into practice.
Criss Jami, Healology|The funny thing about the heart is a soft heart is a strong heart, and a hard heart is a weak heart.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|When everything becomes tangled, you should make the choice.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|But love, the great narcotic, was the hothouse in which all the selves burst into their fullest bloom...
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|as if a round apple presented itself to my hand, a ripe, golden apple with a soft, cool, velvety skin - thus the world presented itself to me -	as if a tree nodded to me, a wide-branching, strong-willed tree, bent for reclining and as a footstool for the way-weary: thus the world stood upon my headland -	as if tender hands brought me a casket - a casket open for the delight of modest, adoring eyes: thus the world presented himself before me today - 	not so enigmatic as to frighten away human love, not so explicit as to put to sleep human wisdom - a good, human thing was the world to me today, this world of which so many evil things are said!
P.G. Mathew, The Normal Church Life|Christian love is not a wave of emotion, but a deliberate conviction of the mind that issues in a biblical way of life. (p. 36)
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Sex becomes less and less pleasurable in a relationship over time. Your brain gets habituated to the sensual stimulation from your specific partner as you are exposed to it repeatedly. It doesn’t mean that the love is gone from the relationship. Love still exists beyond the barriers of time, in the form of attachment, which becomes independent of sexual intimacy after the euphoric stage of mad love.
April White, Cheating Death|Our life is a journey, through winter and night, We look for our way, in a sky without light. (Song of the Swiss Guards, 1793)
Nicole  Lyons|She's an old soul with young eyes, a vintage heart, and a beautiful mind.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|I had no concept of what life at the Chelsea Hotel would be like when we checked in, but I soon realized it was a tremendous stroke of luck to end up there. We could have had a fair-seized railroad flat in the East Village for what we were paying, but to dwell in this eccentric and damned hotel provided a sense of security as well as a stellar education. The goodwill that surrounded us was proof that the Fates were conspiring to help their enthusiastic children.
Erin Hunter, Bramblestar's Storm|Somehow, grief had seemed easier to bear when the skies were dark and a cold wind kept cats and prey inside their nests.
Bohdi Sanders, Martial Arts Wisdom: Quotes, Maxims, and Stories for Martial Artists and Warriors|For, occupied incessantly with the consideration of the limits prescribed to their power by nature, they [philosophers of former times] became so entirely convinced that nothing was at their disposal except their own thoughts, that this conviction was of itself sufficient to prevent their entertaining any desire of other objects; and over their thoughts they acquired a sway so absolute, that they had some ground on this account for esteeming themselves more rich and more powerful, more free and more happy, than other men who, whatever be the favors heaped on them by nature and fortune, if destitute of this philosophy, can never command the realization of all their desires.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Patience, persistence and hard work lead to success and happiness. Or you can do whatever the hell you want and with a bit or a whole lot of luck you'll stumble onto success and happiness.
Richmond Lattimore|You know, sometimes even when two people love each other the universe still conspires against them, forces them apart.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Hold on to God, hold on to your visions and continue to develop them
Dada Bhagwan|What is the justice of this world like? It is that the world will call him as God (Bhagwan), the one who has no thoughts about money (wealth), no thoughts of sensual pleasures and one who remains separate from his body at all times.
Caroline Alexander, The War That Killed Achilles: The True Story of Homer's Iliad and the Trojan War|Surely, by all convention, the Iliad will end here, with the triumphant return of its vindicated hero. But the Iliad is not a conventional epic, and at the very moment of its hero's greatest military triumph, Homer diverts his focus from Achilles to the epic's two most important casualties, Patroklos and Hektor: it is to the consequences of their deaths, especially to the victor, that all action of the Iliad has been inexorably leading.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity|The truth is real change begins with your willingness and courage to take the first step forward. Usually, the first step is the most difficult one to take. All resistances and old habits must be eliminated. Deep within you there must be determination to overcome your obstacles. To believe God has something better for you and lean on Him as you persevere.
M.J. Stoddard|An author's dream does not necessarily come instantly. Rather, it is cultivated and nurtured, every epiphany and idea are like rain drops that bring life to the story being written.
Tess Oliver, Camille|I don't know how it happened. Through the din of the crowd, I heard this tiny scream. As small and distant as it was, it was like thunder in my head.' He looked up at me. Some of the blood had drained from his face making the dark circles under his eyes more pronounced. 'I knew it was you. I don't know how or why, but I knew it was you.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|Belief, he says. Belief shifts. People start out believing in the god and end up believing in the structure.
William Gaddis, JR|Here's to those who love the quiet, but thrive in chaos.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|This was going to be difficult, because he enjoyed women, but all the ones he has known seemed to be sent as secret assassins on a mission to destroy his pride and ability.
Alan Moore, Swamp Thing, Vol. 5: Earth to Earth|If you wear black, then kindly, irritating strangers will touch your arm consolingly and inform you that the world keeps on turning.They're right. It does.However much you beg it to stop.It turns and lets grenadine spill over the horizon, sends hard bars of gold through my window and I wake up and feel happy for three seconds and then I remember.It turns and tips people out of their beds and into their cars, their offices, an avalanche of tiny men and women tumbling through life...All trying not to think about what's waiting at the bottom.Sometimes it turns and sends us reeling into each other's arms. We cling tight, excited and laughing, strangers thrown together on a moving funhouse floor.Intoxicated by the motion we forget all the risks.And then the world turns...And somebody falls off...And oh God it's such a long way down.Numb with shock, we can only stand and watch as they fall away from us, gradually getting smaller...Receding in our memories until they're no longer visible.We gather in cemeteries, tense and silent as if for listening for the impact; the splash of a pebble dropped into a dark well, trying to measure its depth.Trying to measure how far we have to fall.No impact comes; no splash. The moment passes. The world turns and we turn away, getting on with our lives...Wrapping ourselves in comforting banalities to keep us warm against the cold."Time's a great healer.""At least it was quick.""The world keeps turning."Oh Alec—Alec's dead.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We yearn for opportunities, we pray for opportunities and we seek for opportunities. The good news is that we meet opportunities. The bad news is that we miss the opportunities only to come to a later realization of missed opportunities.
Hemant Mehta, I Sold My Soul on eBay: Viewing Faith through an Atheist's Eyes|Pastor Ted and other evangelical pastors I hear about in the media seem to perceive just about everything to be a threat against Christianity. Evolution is a threat. Gay marriage is a threat. A swear word uttered accidentally on television is a threat. Democrats are a threat. And so on.I don't see how any of these things pose a threat against Christianity. If someone disagrees with you about politics, or social issues, or the matter of origins, isn't that just democracy and free speech in action? How do opposing viewpoints constitute a threat?
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|We are not going to always agree with each other, but we should have the dignity to always respect each other’s freedom of speech and of choice. Democracy is practiced when we have respect for human rights.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|In all trust there is a possibility of betrayal, but without trust there is no friendship, closeness, or the emotional bonds that give us so much happiness when the time is right for it. Trust is a hardening agent to all relationships as Carbon is to Iron to create Steel combined in the desired amounts
Emily Post|She was endowed with great beauty for all those attributes that were outside her control, but it was said that in all characteristics for which she herself was responsible, she was utterly wicked
Yancy Lael, Soulful Skincare: The ultimate guide to radically transforming your complexion|Femininity is wearing shoes that make it difficult to run, skirts that inhibit movement, and underclothes that interfere with blood circulation. It can hardly be coincidental that the clothes men find most flattering on a woman are precisely those that make it most difficult for her to defend herself against aggression.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|A man with a club [bat] is a law-maker, a man to be obeyed, but not necessarily conciliated.
Mira Nair|What you wear in the evening is important for women because it's so personal, and it's so complicated to get it right. I like trousers for evening, especially when they have that width and attitude to them.
Karl Marx|Revolution doesn't always mean violent, it has a reverse meaning on it; noituLOVEr
Sunday Adelaja|Find your gift, the thing you were created for, the thing that inspires you and the thing you are fond of doing, and the thing you are doing better than others
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|When my son was a teenager, he would use the ‘poker face’ tactic when I was lecturing, nagging, or suggesting. As a parent, it was maddening because I could not read his reactions! His stoicism would sometimes deflate my efforts or make me surrender in laughter, changing the subject all together.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Because I don’t care what anyone says or how often or winningly they say it: no one will ever, ever be able to persuade me that life is some awesome, rewarding treat. Because, here’s the truth: life is a catastrophe. The basic fact of existence – of walking around trying to feed ourselves and find friends and whatever else we do – is a catastrophe. Forget all this ridiculous ‘Our Town’ nonsense everyone talks: the miracle of a newborn babe, the joy of one simple blossom, Life You Are Too Wonderful To Grasp, &c. For me – and I’ll keep repeating it doggedly till I die, till I fall over on my ungrateful nihilistic face and am too weak to say it: better never born, than born into this cesspool. Sinkhole of hospital beds, coffins, and broken hearts. No release, no appeal, no “do-overs” to employ a favored phrase of Xandra’s, no way forward but age and loss, and no way out but death.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Chosen|Battle for the sake of honor may be a fine thing for bards to sing of, but it is no way to preserve one's homeland
Calvin Coolidge|The Business of Our Firm is Business"-Donald W. Hudspeth from:"The Business of America is Business"-Calvin Coolidge
Abhijit Naskar|The purpose of my work is not to educate people, rather it is to enrich human life with self-awareness.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience.
Robert Harris|....let me tell you that the one sin I have come to fear more than any other is certainty. Certainty is the great enemy of unity. Certainty is the deadly enemy of tolerance. Even Christ was not certain at the end........Our faith is a living thing precisely because it walks hand in hand with doubt. If there was only certainty, and if there was no doubt, there would be no mystery, and therefore no need for faith.
Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge|Knowledge [savoir] in general cannot be reduced to science, nor even to learning [connaissance]. Learning is the set of statements which, to the exclusion of all other statements, denote or describe objects and may be declared true or false. Science is a subset of learning. It is also composed of denotative statements, but imposes two supplementary conditions on their acceptability: the objects to which they refer must be available for repeated access, in other words, they must be accessible in explicit conditions of observation; and it must be possible to decide whether or not a given statement pertains to the language judged relevant by the experts.
José N. Harris|There is beauty in truth, even if it's painful. Those who lie, twist life so that it looks tasty to the lazy, brilliant to the ignorant, and powerful to the weak. But lies only strengthen our defects. They don't teach anything, help anything, fix anything or cure anything. Nor do they develop one's character, one's mind, one's heart or one's soul.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|Malibu: With sounds of waves crashing, and the ocean at the doorstep, you feel like you are hours away from civilization. And with L.A. traffic, YOU ARE.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Double Identity|A thousand times today I've started to open my mouth, started to squeak out, "Can you tell me...? But then I'd look into the front seat, at my mother's silent shaking, my father's grim profile, the mournful bags under his eyes, and all the questions I might ask seemed abusive. Assault and battery, a question mark used like a club. My parents are old and fragile. I'd have to heartless to want to hurt them.
Jack Kingston|When you look at where the real problems are among minorities in our society, particularly blacks, it's at the bottom. It's the people who are in school systems that don't educate, neighborhoods where there is a lot of crime, drugs, the whole bit.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|How blest am I in this discovering thee!To enter in these bonds is to be free;Then where my hand is set, my seal shall be. Full nakedness! All joys are due to thee,As souls unbodied, bodies unclothed must be
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|the larger the percentage of the national income taken by taxes the greater the deterrent to private production and employment. When the total tax burden grows beyond a bearable size, the problem of devising taxes that will not discourage and disrupt production becomes insoluble.
Tom Frieden|There was never any question that I would go to college, that I would travel, that I would go to the theater early and often.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Aesthetic value emanates from the struggle between texts: in the reader, in language, in the classroom, in arguments within a society. Aesthetic value rises out of memory, and so (as Nietzsche saw) out of pain, the pain of surrendering easier pleasures in favour of much more difficult ones ... successful literary works are achieved anxieties, not releases from anxieties.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Secrets...were cancers. Secrets festered. Secrets ate away at your innards, leaving behind nothing but a flimsy husk.
Terry Spear, Hawk Fae|She wondered if he thought this was all a lark, a game. She'd been to Disney World once. There the fairies were cute and sweet and didn't attempt to kill the visitors. Living here wasn't anything like the human faerie fairs or theme parks.
Alexis  Hall, For Real|Pain was simply an inevitability of living, and I had to learn how to trust him with his own, as I trusted him with mine.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|We have made thee neither of heaven nor of earth,Neither mortal or immortal, So that with freedom of choice and with honor, As thought the maker and molder of thyself, Thou mayest fashion thyself in whatever shape thou shalt prefer. Thou shalt have the power out of thy soul's judgment, to be reborn into the higher forms, which are divine.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I charge you; once you have the dream, decide to begin and begin right away. Wait for nobody to blow whistles for you to start.
Madeleine Albright|What has history said of eminence without honor, wealth without wisdom, power and possessions without principle? The answer is reiterated in the overthrow of the mightiest empires of ancient times. Babylon, Persia, Greece, Rome! The four successive, universal powers of the past. What and where are they?
James Comey|Public corruption is the FBI's top criminal priority. The threat - which involves the corruption of local, state, and federally elected, appointed, or contracted officials - strikes at the heart of government, eroding public confidence and undermining the strength of our democracy.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|We swung over the hills and over the town and back again, and I saw how a man can be master of a craft, and how a craft can be master of an element. I saw the alchemy of perspective reduce my world, and all my other life, to grains in a cup. I learned to watch, to put my trust in other hands than mine. And I learned to wander. I learned what every dreaming child needs to know -- that no horizon is so far that you cannot get above it or beyond it.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you're not comfortable enough with yourself or with your own truth when entering a relationship, then you're not ready for that relationship.
Christopher McCulloch|I wanted to be with the kind of people I'd grown up with, but you can't go back to them and be one of them again, no matter how hard you try.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|LIFE and YOU : What YOU exactly want from LIFE, it'll never give. LIFE gives for sure, but in pieces. It’s YOU who have to assemble, all that LIFE ponders, according to your needs. It’s YOU who have to realise how you can get what YOU exactly want.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|When you walk on the face of a world, then forgiveness comes.
Ivan Stoikov|No matter how strong you are, you cannot hold open the jaws of a great-white shark with your bare hands... that can do your brain.
Alfred Lord Tennyson|I only like two kinds of men, domestic and imported.
|Pray daily like your success lies on it, but don't forget to work relentlessly hard like your success depends on it.
Kunle Olusegun-Emmanuel, Guidance for Your Way|Mistakes are great teachers. They are stern, confident and fierce inredirecting you from what you should not do; to what you should do.
Tom Brokaw|Before Christmas, I host a party for our kids and all their friends. We love to make a mess while decorating gingerbread houses.
Natalie Standiford, How to Say Goodbye in Robot|Artists can have greater access to reality; they can see patterns and details and connections that other people, distracted by the blur of life, might miss. Just sharing that truth can be a very powerful thing.
Alexandra Curry, The Courtesan|She strolled between shelves, looking at titles, smiling as she met old friends - books she had read three times or five times or a dozen. Just a title, or an author's name, would be enough to summon up happy images. Strange creatures like phoenixes and psammeads, moving under smokey London daylight of a hundred years before, in company with groups of bemused children; starships and new worlds and the limitless vistas of interstellar night, outer space challenged but never conquered; princesses in silver and golden dresses, princes and heroes carrying swords like sharpened lines of light, monsters rising out of weedy tarns, wild creatures that talked and tricked one another...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|If my theory of relativity is proven successful, Germany will claim me as a German and France will declare me a citizen of the world. Should my theory prove untrue, France will say that I am a German, and Germany will declare that I am a Jew.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I Am VerticalBut I would rather be horizontal.I am not a tree with my root in the soilSucking up minerals and motherly loveSo that each March I may gleam into leaf,Nor am I the beauty of a garden bedAttracting my share of Ahs and spectacularly painted,Unknowing I must soon unpetal.Compared with me, a tree is immortalAnd a flower-head not tall, but more startling,And I want the one's longevity and the other's daring.Tonight, in the infinitesimal light of the stars,The trees and flowers have been strewing their cool odors.I walk among them, but none of them are noticing.Sometimes I think that when I am sleepingI must most perfectly resemble them--Thoughts gone dim.It is more natural to me, lying down.Then the sky and I are in open conversation,And I shall be useful when I lie down finally:The the trees may touch me for once, and the flowers have time for me."I Am Vertical", 28 March 1961
Asa Don Brown|The irony of the present day is, that, the more human rights jurisprudence seems to be fortified, the more there are human rights violations in newer and newer forms and some recidivism all due to the conflicting deductions of protecting even human rights of offenders. No doubt offenders deserve their rights to be protected, but in cases of serious offenses such as ‘rape’ where the offence is proved beyond all reasonable doubt against the offender and where the offender consciously commits the act while being aware of the justice system in his particular country and prefers to cross the precincts of the law, the question of a lighter punishment vis-a vis the gravity of the offence is a big question.
Stephanie Lahart|I am RESILIENT, therefore, I am unstoppable. It’s important to always remember who YOU are. No matter what challenges you may have to face, ALWAYS stay true to yourself and NEVER give up. Never!
Belsebuub|[T]he understanding or the reason is the necessary being. … [I]f there were no reason, no consciousness, all would be nothing; existence would be equivalent to non-existence. Consciousness first founds the distinction between existence and non-existence. In consciousness is first revealed the value of existence, the value of nature.
Robert Liparulo, Watcher in the Woods|Here is to the nights we felt alive, here is to the tears you knew youd cry, here is to good bye, tomorrow is going to come to soon.
Ogden Nash|A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
Satsuki Shibuya|We are not perfect human beings, nor do we have to pretend to be, but it is necessary for us to be the best version of ourselves we can be.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You were born with potential. You were born with goodness and trust. You were born with ideals and dreams. You were born with greatness. You were born with wings. You are not meant for crawling, so don't. You have wings. Learn to use them and fly.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Jake eyed his brother. "I never forget. All data is stored in my memory banks. And one day, candy pig, you will pay.""You 're such a geek.""Thesbo.""That's Jack's latest insult."Seth gestured with his wine-glass. "A play on thespian, since Kev's into that.""Rhymes with lesbo," Jake explained helpfully while Anna stifled a groan. "It's a slick way of calling him a girl.
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|I shot him daggers. Along with swords, scythes, scalpels, shivs, shanks, stilettos, and any other sharp weapon I could think of that began with an “s.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|Saturday evening, on a quiet lazy afternoon, I went to watch a bullfight in Las Ventas, one of Madrid's most famous bullrings. I went there out of curiosity. I had long been haunted by the image of the matador with its custom made torero suit, embroidered with golden threads, looking spectacular in his "suit of light" or traje de luces as they call it in Spain. I was curious to see the dance of death unfold in front of me, to test my humanity in the midst of blood and gold, and to see in which state my soul will come out of the arena, whether it will be shaken and stirred, furious and angry, or a little bit aware of the life embedded in every death. Being an avid fan of Hemingway, and a proponent of his famous sentence "About morals, I know only that what is moral is what you feel good after and what is immoral is what you feel bad after,” I went there willingly to test myself. I had heard atrocities about bullfighting yet I had this immense desire to be part of what I partially had an inclination to call a bloody piece of cultural experience. As I sat there, in front of the empty arena, I felt a grandiose feeling of belonging to something bigger than anything I experienced during my stay in Spain. Few minutes and I'll be witnessing a painting being carefully drawn in front of me, few minutes and I will be part of an art form deeply entrenched in the Spanish cultural heritage: the art of defying death. But to sit there, and to watch the bull enter the arena… To watch one bull surrounded by a matador and his six assistants. To watch the matador confronting the bull with the capote, performing a series of passes, just before the picador on a horse stabs the bull's neck, weakening the neck muscles and leading to the animal's first loss of blood... Starting a game with only one side having decided fully to engage in while making sure all the odds will be in the favor of him being a predetermined winner. It was this moment precisely that made me feel part of something immoral. The unfair rules of the game. The indifferent bull being begged to react, being pushed to the edge of fury. The bull, tired and peaceful. The bull, being teased relentlessly. The bull being pushed to a game he isn't interested in. And the matador getting credits for an unfair game he set. As I left the arena, people looked at me with mocking eyes. Yes, I went to watch a bull fight and yes the play of colors is marvelous. The matador’s costume is breathtaking and to be sitting in an arena fills your lungs with the sands of time. But to see the amount of claps the spill of blood is getting was beyond what I can endure. To hear the amount of claps injustice brings is astonishing. You understand a lot about human nature, about the wars taking place every day, about poverty and starvation. You understand a lot about racial discrimination and abuse (verbal and physical), sex trafficking, and everything that stirs the wounds of this world wide open. You understand a lot about humans’ thirst for injustice and violence as a way to empower hidden insecurities. Replace the bull and replace the matador. And the arena will still be there. And you'll hear the claps. You've been hearing them ever since you opened your eyes.
Sukarno|Equality and prosperity shouldn't be seen as enemies of each other, but as partners. One reinforces the other.
Faye Wattleton|You know, there's nothing damnable about being a strong woman. The world needs strong women. There are a lot of strong women you do not see who are guiding, helping, mothering strong men. They want to remain unseen. It's kind of nice to be able to play a strong woman who is seen.
Hazim Bangwar|Never be afraid of the dark side of Vegas, the side the neon and glitter never seem to touch..
Kishore Bansal|Everything she does comes from within, from some dark impulse. I guess that’s what makes her so thrilling to watch. So dangerous. Even perfect at times. But also so damned destructive.
Simon Kurt Unsworth, Best New Horror: Volume 25|If I like a photograph, if it disturbs me, I linger over it. What am I doing, during the whole times I remain with it? I look at it, I scrutinize it, as if I wanted to know more about the thing or the person it represents... I want to outline the loved face by thought, to make it into the unique field of an intense observation; I want to enlarge this face in order to see it better, to understand it better, to know its truth.
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|Nothing was simple, certainly not simplification.
Jay Parini|My parents got me a sewing machine for Christmas during my senior year of high school. I made three pieces of clothing and had a fashion show at the end of the year, where we had to wear the clothes that we made. I took it to a whole new level; I made all my friends clothes.
Roy Blount, Jr.|One can never speak enough of the virtues, the dangers, the power of shared laughter.
Meghan Markle|My life is really quite conservative. I've been married nearly 50 years. I don't have hobbies or children. I don't much care to travel. I've never had a big social life. I really just stay home, except when I go to work.
Carl Sagan|False facts are highly injurious to the progress of science, for they often endure long; but false views, if supported by some evidence, do little harm, for every one takes a salutary pleasure in proving their falseness.
Matisyahu|Is it possible Hanukkah doesn't inspire folksy songs? Plot lines may be a part. The Christmas story has a lot of material to work with. There's Jesus and his birth, the wise men, their gifts and tons of frankincense.
John C. Maxwell|It's time to move on to the next step in the psychedelic revolution. We've reached a certain point, but we're not moving any more.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|Igor?' said Moist. 'You have an Igor?'Oh, yes,' said Hubert. 'That's how I get this wonderful light. They know the secret of storing lightning in jars! But don't let that worry you, Mr Lipspick. Just because I'm employing an Igor and working in a cellar doesn't mean I'm some sort of madman, ha ha ha!'Ha ha,' agreed Moist.Ha hah hah!,' said Hubert. 'Hahahahahaha!! Ahahahahahahhhhh!!!!!-'Bent slapped him on the back. Hubert coughed.Sorry about that, it's the air down here,' he mumbled.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|We must be compelled to hold this doctrine to be false, and the old and new law called the Old and new Testament, to be impositions, fables and forgeries
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|If outer events bring him to a position where he can bear them no longer and force him to cry out to the higher power in helplessness for relief, or if inner feelings bring humiliation and recognition of his dependence on that power, this crushing of the ego may open the door to grace.
Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, Credo of a Modern Kabbalist|That is the idea he is toying with, Renzo says, to write an essay about the things that don’t happen, the lives not lived, the wars not fought, the shadow worlds that run parallel to the world we take to be the real world, the not-said and the not-done, the not-remembered.
William S. Burroughs|To be an outlaw you must first have a base in law to reject and get out of, I never had such a base. I never had a place I could call home that meant any more than a key to a house, apartment or hotel room. … Am I alien? Alien from what exactly? Perhaps my home is my dream city, more real than my waking life precisely because it has no relation to waking life…
Raymond M. Smullyan, The Tao Is Silent|His brain and his heart knew this, but he couldn’t stop himself, and the razor of his conscience lent the undeniable thrill of pain to the act.
Sunday Adelaja|God’s image is in us all, so you can’t regard God when you disregard His people
George Alec Effinger, When Gravity Fails|What is the greatest need of human beings? What is it they seek from me always? Intimacy. I listen with all my being, I am completely interested. I seek momentarily a full communion of eyes, feelings, thoughts.
Leonard Wibberley, The Mouse That Roared|The crime which is done now is that war has made a tool and slave of science, and man's knowledge, painfully and laboriously compiled, is made the instrument of man's destruction.
Kevin J. Fitzgerald|If there is method here, it is hard to discern it. Let it be repeated: the use of capitals is a matter not or rules but of taste; but consistency is at least not a mark of bad taste.
Pankaj Mishra|Famous people come up to me, but I don't know who they are because my sight is so bad. It's always at the pool of the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills when I don't have my lenses in and my glasses are in my room.
Paulo Coelho, Like the Flowing River|All religions lead to the same God, and all deserve the same respect. Anyone who chooses a religion is also choosing a collective way for worshipping and sharing the mysteries. Nevertheless, that person is the only one responsible for his or her actions along the way and has no right to shift responsibility for any personal decisions on to that religion.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|We live in a world where it is completely the norm to worry about what we put in our bodies but worry very little about what we throw in our minds. We think a hamburger is bad but a celebrity gossip magazine is completely harmless. As children you never hear “don’t put that garbage in your mind,” but for our body counterpart it is common thread. There is something very wrong with this scenario.
Tara Hudson, Elegy|On the morning of what should have been Amelia Ashley's birthday, the river valley that had once housed High Bridge changed for Joshua Mayhew. For the first time in many years, it seemed beautiful to him. For the first time in many years, it was beautiful.
Stefan Molyneux|The idea that there is are all these people who are going to make all these great and wise decisions with guns. Because you know all the people who can make the best decisions in the world always want to be armed; because they are really smart, really wise, know exactly what should be done in society so naturally they want lots of guns. You get how insane that is right? The only people who want to force you to do stuff are people who know their ideas are shit to begin with. "It's a basic fact of life that anyone who wants to force you to do something means their ideas are shit to begin with. Not a lot of rapists are very good lovers because they don't have to sell quality; they got violence. Everyone is mad at Barack Obama's website from hell but they [the government] don't care because if you don't pay them they will throw you in jail. "The people with the best ideas are the most voluntary. The best parents don't beat their children. In fact if you beat your children you are saying 'I'm a shitty parent; I don't know what I'm doing and I'm pretty sadistic.' A rapist is saying I'm not a good boyfriend. Why do we even need to say this? People with guns are saying to your face, 'My ideas suck, I'm a bully, I get a thrill out of power so fucking do what I say or I'll shoot you in the ass.
Daisy Hernandez, A Cup of Water Under My Bed: A Memoir|Forgiveness and faith are like writing a story, they take time, effort, revisions.
Alex Chiu|My best friend in medical school was a magician. And we were shown an X-ray of a sword-swallower, and I tried it and failed. Then I got a sword-swallower as a patient, and he taught me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To ease the loneliness of the bridges, visit them sometimes! The forgotten ones must be remembered! Create some memories with them so that they will feel themselves less lonely! Memories are the enemies of solitude.
Shubham Singh|We need to reinvent itselfWe make mistakes,But to give others the blame of own faultWhile we do not recognize own fault and continue to blame othersUntil then we can not succeed in life..!!
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|In my opinion, Fiction is a figment of our imagination & it causes us to dream but Reality taints dreams, and the F.scott Fitzgerald has clearly depicted this in The Great Gatsby.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|That’s what happens when destiny unveils itself: you get a sense of knowing you’re exactly where you’re supposed to be, and with whom.
Jeffrey Fry|Mercy has this ... this uncanny ability to go where the trouble is thickest," Adam told him. He had decided a while ago that it wasn't deliberate, and that it had something to do with being Coyote's daughter. He was pretty sure that Mercy was completely oblivious.
Michelle Dalton, Sixteenth Summer|A perfect person is easy to love. But when somebody likes all your imperfections, well, that's when you know they really mean it.
Zia Haider Rahman|No sight better expresses the politics of aid, the dynamics of the West and the developing countries, than the image of children, happy or in need.
Henry Fonda|My own writing has perhaps more of an American flavor than a British one, but that's because the stories I've so far written have needed it. 'Empire State,' 'Seven Wonders' and 'The Age Atomic' are all very place-centric, where the setting itself is almost a character. But there is a universality to story that isn't just limited to science fiction.
Wadah Khanfar|But having said that, there's also a sea change in attitude towards media.
David Brier|So it comes down to scarcity, one product or service having qualities you won’t find everywhere or ideally, anywhere. It’s the job of every brand to seek that out as their standard, their stamp.
Oliver Herford|A kiss is a course of procedure cunningly devised, for the mutual stopage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|When you can see God in small things, you'll see God in all things.
Robin  Glasser, My Life as a Concubine|WHAT A CONCUBINE SHOULD NEVER SAY:In your case, ED is not a man's name.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|What do you envy?"	Liam gestured around the Airstream. "All this. You travel around the country , no roots, no ties, having all sorts of adventures and meeting new people. It must be nice not to constantly have folks tugging at you, expecting you to solve all their problems for them, knowing everything about you down to whether you wear boxers or briefs."	Baba raised an eyebrow, and he flushed a little.	"Briefs. But that's not my point.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|Discovering more joy does not, save us from th inevitability of hardship and heartbreak. In fact, we may cry more easily, but we will laugh more easily too. Perhaps we are just more alive. Yet as we discover more joy, we can face suffering in a way that ennobles rather than embitters. We have hardship without becoming hard. We have heartbreaks without being broken.
Richard Maxwell, Theater for Beginners|Guy’s whole body was humming. Normally he thought only of his head – his eyes, his smile – and was aware of his body as merely the principle of forward propulsion trundling him along. But now he was all these bright pools of sensuality – his nipples, his half-hard cock, his tingling anus, even his feet. He was glowing all over and he felt the animal in him was longing to shed its clothes.
David Shore|But there was a difference in their hardness and hers and just what the difference was, she could not, for the moment, tell. Perhaps it was that there was nothing she would not do, and there were so many things these people would rather die than do. Perhaps it was that they were without hope but still smiling at life, bowing gracefully and passing it by. And this Scarlett could not do. She could not ignore life. She had to live it and it was too brutal, too hostile, for her even to try to gloss over its harshness with a smile. Of the sweetness and courage and unyielding pride of her friends, Scarlett saw nothing. She saw only a silly stiff-neckedness which observed facts but smiled and refused to look them in the face.
Claire Denis|I don't think about being famous, really. Being an author, I don't generally get stopped as I walk down the street. It's not like being a movie star.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|On a grim and dismal day that shattered my last ounce of confidence, I broke down and whimpered, “I’m awful and hideous and incompetent and boring and utterly useless.” And then you grinned at me and said, “That’s okay.
Karen A. Baquiran|Don't settle. If you settle, you already know it's below your standards. You are entitled to the best this life has to offer.
Liz Hester, IgnitingYOU: How 52 Weeks of Inspiration and Action Can Lead You to Your Dreams|When your heart feels strangely warm, you’ve found your love
John Updike, Rabbit Redux|Who'll hold families together, if everybody has to live? Living is a compromise, between doing what you want and doing what other people want.
Doug Stanhope|here’s why I take comedies seriously: they present and celebrate the world in which we survive our own and others’ mistakes, follies, transgressions, and deep sins. However lightly, dimly, or bleakly, comedies revel in our survival—in the delaying of death and the staying of the curse. Comedies tell the story of ruined folk somehow avoiding ruin.
Jon Bon Jovi|The life of a man consists not in seeing visions and in dreaming dreams, but in active charity and in willing service.
Don Wilton, Totally Secure: Finding Peace and Protection in the Arms of God|The more handles one creates at the moment of learning, the more likely the information is to be assessed at a later date. The handles we can add revolve around content, timing, and environment.
Oliver Goldsmith|If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Young lovers. If you get it right, it's amazing what you can share. The challenging part is maintaining it.
Dez Schwartz, Roam|I've found that people reveal nothing of their true selves except within their art and their sin." ~ Dacey Sinnett, 'ROAM
Sarah Schulman, Conflict Is Not Abuse: Overstating Harm, Community Responsibility, and the Duty of Repair|Confusing being mortal with being threatened can occur in any realm. The fact that something could go wrong does not mean that we are in danger. It means we are alive. Mortality is the sign of life. In the most intimate and personal of arenas, many of us have love and trusted someone who violated that trust. So when someone else comes along who intrigues us, whose interests we share, who we enjoy being with, with whom there could b some mutual enrichment and understanding, that does not mean that we are being violated again. Experiencing anxiety does not mean that anyone is doing anything to us that is unjust.
Steve Goodier, Prescription for Peace: Sixty-Second Readings to Help You Build a Better Life|Sincere compliments cost nothing and can accomplish so much. In ANY relationship, they are the applause that refreshes.
Anonymus Autor|Yet in another and still more definite sense despair is the sickness unto death. It is indeed very far from being true that, literally understood, one dies of this sickness, or that this sickness ends with bodily death. On the contrary, the torment of despair is precisely this, not to be able to die So it has much in common with the situation of the moribund when he lies and struggles with death, and cannot die. So to be sick unto death is, not to be able to die -- yet not as though there were hope of life; no the hopelessness in this case is that even the last hope, death, is not available. When death is the greatest danger, one hopes for life; but when one becomes acquainted with an even more dreadful danger, one hopes for death. So when the danger is so great that death has become one’s hope, despair is the disconsolateness of not being able to die.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|There is one other reason for dressing well, namely that dogs respect it, and will not attack you in good clothes.
Kevin James Breaux|Every well-written book is a light for me. When you write, you use other writers and their books as guides in the wilderness. 
Paul Beatty, The Sellout|She looked at them with shining eyes. Her chin went up. She said: "You regard it as impossible that a sinner should be struck down by the wrath of God! I do not!" The judge stroked his chin. He murmured in a slightly ironic voice: "My dear lady, in my experience of ill-doing, Providence leaves the work of conviction and chastisement to us mortals-and the process is often fraught with difficulties. There are no short cuts.
Audre Lorde, Zami: A New Spelling of My Name|I have already made up my mind, don't confuse me with facts.
Jacques Derrida|BubbaHarold - "One of the most unique takes on true crime ever.
Jose Mourinho|There's only one test of a great children's book, or a great children's film, and that is this: If it can be read or viewed with pleasure by adults, then it has the chance to be a great children's film, or a great children's book.
Jodi Livon|May the love in your heart overshadow any sorrows, and may you always know with a deep inner certainty, how loved you truly are.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Only one spirit, either good or bad, can operate at a time.
Farshad Asl|There are some things in the world we can't change - gravity, entropy, the speed of light, and our biological nature that requires clean air, clean water, clean soil, clean energy and biodiversity for our health and well being. Protecting the biosphere should be our highest priority or else we sicken and die. Other things, like capitalism, free enterprise, the economy, currency, the market, are not forces of nature, we invented them. They are not immutable and we can change them. It makes no sense to elevate economics above the biosphere.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Skill follows the rules, talent breaks the rules, mastery shatters the rules, but genius makes its own rules.
Alice Miller|To avoid being mistaken for a sellout, I chose my friends carefully. The more politically active black students. The foreign students. The Chicanos. The Marxist professors and structural feminists and punk-rock performance poets.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|Evil is a point of view. We are immortal. And what we have before us are the rich feasts that conscience cannot appreciate and mortal men cannot know without regret. God kills, and so shall we; indiscriminately He takes the richest and the poorest, and so shall we; for no creatures under God are as we are, none so like Him as ourselves, dark angels not confined to the stinking limits of hell but wandering His earth and all its kingdoms.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Drop down all those imaginations and feelings that "Success is built on Success". A HERO can be built from ZERO. Begin from where you stand with what you have!
Debasish Mridha|If we know that we all came from the same place and our destination is the same, then how could there be any conflicts? Why are we are loving each other and why we are not in peace?
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Night coaxed out the stars, my jailers.
wordfaith3|Be kind to others as you would like them to be to you.Encourage ,don't discourage.
Pauline Kael|I was a big Guns N' Roses fan when I was seven. My friend who lived across the street had long dark curly hair and I had long blonde hair, so I'd dress up as Axl and she'd be Slash, and we'd rock out in front of the mirror singing 'Patience.'
Paris Hilton|All of us grow up in particular realities - a home, family, a clan, a small town, a neighborhood. Depending upon how we're brought up, we are either deeply aware of the particular reading of reality into which we are born, or we are peripherally aware of it.
Radhe Maa|Respect those elder to you in years, in knowledge and spiritual attainment and act with love and compassion with those who are younger or less fortunate than you.
Mike Carey, Lucifer, Vol. 11: Evensong|Those around you can have their novellas, sweet, their short stories of cliché and coincidence, occasionally spiced up with tricks of the quirky, the achingly mundane, the grotesque. A few will even cook up Greek tragedy, those born into misery, destined to die in misery. But you, my bride of quietness, you will craft nothing less than epic with your life. Out of all of them, your story will be the one to last.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Romeo: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.Mercutio: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve. Ask for me tomorrow, and you shall find me a grave man.
Brandon Sanderson, Legion|Here, then, is the last moment of true perception, a man fishing in a red jacket and a cloudy sky reflected on opaque water.
Cassandra Clare|As it turned out, everyone wanted a doughnut. Jace wanted two.
C. JoyBell C.|You can run away from yourself so often, and so much, just because the broken pieces of you cut your feet too deeply if you stay around for too long. But then what if someone were to come along and pick up those pieces for you? Then you wouldn't have to run away from yourself anymore. You could stop running. If someone sees you as something worth staying with— maybe you'll stay with yourself, too.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|I went to the springs while the sun was still up, and sitting on a rocky outcrop above the cave mouth I watched the light grow reddish across the misty pools, and listened to the troubled voice of the water. After a while I moved farther up the hill, where I could hear birds singing near and far in the silence of the trees. The presence of the trees was very strong...The big oaks stood so many, so massive in their other life, in their deep, rooted silence: the awe of them came on me, the religion.
Unknown|Inhale courage, exhale fear.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Strategy is 5 percent thinking, 95 percent execution. And strategy execution is 5 percent technical, 95 percent people-related.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|Jude used to try to make me laugh, and when I'd crack a smile he'd keep the joke going , like breath on an ember, making it grow into a fit of giggles that'd echo around the whole forest and make all the birds in the trees quiet.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|A self is not something static, tied up in a pretty parcel and handed to the child, finished and complete. A self is always becoming.
Jane Finn|There was something shameful about surviving sorrow. You were corrupted. She was corrupted. She was no good anymore. She was inauthentic, apocryphal. She wanted to be a seeker and to travel further and further. But after sorrow, such traveling is not a climbing but a sinking to a depth leached of light at which you are unfit to endure. And yet you endure there.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|Just this past summer, I took online courses in introductory logic and law through civilization. Often the weight of history, with its facts heaped upon facts requiring complex chains of inference to sort through – I mean complex for someone with the soft brain of a tomato merchant; for me the premises are obvious and the conclusions dire and inescapable – threatened to crush me, and I was ultimately forced to abandon the whole undertaking. By way of recovery, I spent the rest of the summer immersed in a Freudian meditation on some choice tabloids. The mysterious lives of celebrities make for challenging induction. The reasoning process involves navigating many gaps in our knowledge of them. What is certain is that under the iceberg of glitz and glamor lie neurotic, depraved individuals with bizarre habits and hobbies, people who think they’re above the law.
William Gibson, Neuromancer|So it’s democracy versus capitalism at this point, friends, and we out on this frontier outpost of the human world are perhaps better positioned than anyone else to see this and to fight this global battle, there’s empty land here, there’s scarce and nonrenewable resources here, and we’re going to get swept up into the fight and we cannot choose not to be part of it, we are one of the prizes and our fate will be decided by what happens throughout the human world. That being the case, we had better band together for the common good, for Mars and for us and for all the people on earth and for the seven generations, it’s going to be hard it’s going to take years, and the stronger we are the better our chances, which is why I’m so happy to see that burning meteor in the sky pumping the matrix of life into our world, and why I’m so happy to see you all here to celebrate it together, a representative congress of all that I love in this world, but look I think that steel-drum band is ready to play aren’t you” (shouts of assent) “so why don’t you folks start and we’ll dance till dawn and tomorrow scatter on the winds and down the sides of this great mountain, to carry the gift everywhere.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Even if, by some especially unfortunate fate or by the niggardly provision of stepmotherly nature, [the good will] should be wholly lacking in the power to accomplish its purpose; if with the greatest effort it should yet achieve nothing, and only the good will should remain (not, to be sure, as a mere wish but as the summoning of all the means in our power), yet would it, like a jewel, still shine by its own light as something which has its full value in itself.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|19. Those who are the happiest are not necessarily those for whom life has been easiest. Emotional stability results from an attitude. It is refusing to yield to depression and fear, even when black clouds float overhead. It is improving that which can be improved and accepting that which is inevitable.
Albert Einstein| Conse­quently the Wolfenden recommendations will be indefinitely rejected, police prosecutions will continue and Clive on the bench will continue to sentence Alec in the dock. Maurice may get off.
Gore Vidal|Man is a creature of hope and invention, both of which belie the idea that things cannot be changed.
Andrew R. George, The Epic of Gilgamesh|A goal of this book has been to tear down in some small part these barriers to understanding by attempting to shatter the “divinity of arithmetic,” through showing that even the methods, which we now take most for granted, were not given to us from on high, but were actually the result of centuries of scientific efforts on the part of our predecessors. p. 269
Lois-Ann Yamanaka, Blu's Hanging|For the girl without words, there is laughter for what is light, gesture for want, and tears for all that is dark. There is not much more. Names are nothing but extravagance.
Tug McGraw|When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions; their reasons are always different.
Forrest Curran|Sure, the Leaning Tower of Pisa leaned like everyone else said it would, the mountains of Tibet were more beautiful than you had ever expected, and the Pyramids of Egypt stood mysteriously in the sea of sand like in the pictures; yet is it the environment or rather the openness in mindset, that makes up the elusive essence of happiness that we experience when we travel?
Alexis York Lumbard, The Conference of the Birds|I can very well understand your frustration, but you must stick to your dreams. Try Harder!
Debasish Mridha|No mother ever wants a war, they want to see their children grow up in peace, surrounded by love.
Demetri Martin|Finding the real joy of Christmas comes not in the hurrying and the scurrying to get more done, nor is it found in the purchasing of gifts. We find real joy when we make the Savior the focus of the season.
Mark Davis|S Club 7, in some ways, was a continuation of some of the things I'd have liked to have done with the Spice Girls. It was also a shift in tone. S Club was this equality of boys and girls, very positive, very uplifting, didn't have the edge of the Spice Girls. I didn't want to repeat it.
Charles Taylor, A Secular Age|Our sin is our resistance to going along with God's initiative in making suffering reparative. We are deeply drawn towards God, but we also sense how following him will dislocate and transform beyond recognition the forms which have made life tolerable for us. We often react with fear, dismay, hostility. We are at war with ourselves, and responding differently to this inner conflict, we end up at war with each other. So it is undoubtedly true that the result of sin is much suffering. But this is by no means distributed according to desert. Many who are relatively innocent are swept up in this suffering, and some of the worse offenders get off lightly. The proper response to all this is not retrospective book-keeping, but making ourselves capable of responding to God's initiative. But now if that's what sin is, then one can sympathize with a lot of the modern critique of a religion which focuses on the evil tendencies of human nature, and the need for renunciation and sacrifice. This is not because humans are in fact angelic, or there is no point to sacrifice. It's just that focusing on how bad human beings can be, even if it's to refute the often over-rosy views of secular humanists with their reliance on human malleability and therapy, can only strengthen misanthropy, which certainly won’t bring you closer to God; and propounding sacrifice and renunciation for themselves takes you away from the main points, which is following God's initiative. That this can involve sacrifice, we well know from the charter act in this initiative, but renunciation is not is point.
Elizabeth Peters, The Falcon at the Portal|For a time Emerson politely endeavored to conceal his boredom - like most men, he is profoundly disinterested in all children except his own - ...
Anubhav Mishra|If you eagerly search, you will find what you seek.
Tarif Naaz|Unless we learn to criticize friends, we shall never find true ones.
Anthony Marais|... consider the meaning of these images. Every time you're working with them, ask yourself: what do they mean? And, even more important, what do they mean to me? The more specific and personal something is, the more its universality emerges.
C.S. Lewis|We were talking of DRAGONS, Tolkien and I In a Berkshire bar. The big workman Who had sat silent and sucked his pipe All the evening, from his empty mug With gleaming eye glanced towards us: "I seen 'em myself!" he said fiercely.
Mercedes Lackey, The Wizard of London|When you want something done, you ask a man. When you want it done quietly and without any fuss, you ask a woman.
Debasish Mridha|Eyes are the mirror of your mind. Whatever you see, you see in your reflection.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|Why do we feel sorry for people who can't travel? Because, unable to expand externally, they are not able to expand internally either, they can't multiply and so they are deprived of the possibility of undertaking expansive excursions in themselves and discovering who and what else they could have become.
Lynda Barry, One Hundred Demons|The groove is so mysterious. We're born with it and we lose it and the world seems to split apart before our eyes into stupid and cool. When we get it back, the world unifies around us, and both stupid and cool fall away.I am grateful to those who are keepers of the groove. The babies and the grandmas who hang on to it and help us remember when we forget that any kind of dancing is better than no dancing at all.
Emma Donoghue, Slammerkin|It came to Mary now that her mother had been right, after all; Mary had been born for this. In sixteen years she'd shot along the shortest route she could find between life and death, as the crow flew.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|Yet, he thought, if I can die saying, "Life is so beautiful," then nothing else is important. If i can believe in myself that much, nothing else matters.
Jodi Detrick, The Jesus-Hearted Woman|I strongly believe that leadership is an art, not a science. I've learned that leadership can be innate or it can be learned. However, I don't believe anyone was truly born to be a great leader. Great leaders are formed over a long period of time through a series of opportunities and experiences. Without opportunities, even the greatest natural leader among us may never become known for great leadership.
Ashlee Willis, A Wish Made of Glass|And like a child, I'd be testing the people who loved me, pulling away from them almost for the sole reason of seeing if anyone would come after me.
Jessica Prince, Scattered Colors|There was no way I was going to let him die. He was my other half; without him, I felt incomplete. I wasn't sure if this was my dragon talking or me,but I couldn't imagine a world without Riley.
Roy Blount, Jr.|The space and light up there in Norfolk is wonderfully peaceful. I find myself doing funny things like gardening, and cooking, which I rarely do in London.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When we are able to do something so easily, we regard such thing as simplicity; but simplicity is complexity. Withing the things which are simple lay the things which are complex and within the things which are complex, lay the things which are simple
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry|People who believe they are ignorant of nothing have neither looked for, nor stumbled upon, the boundary between what is known and unknown in the universe.
dramarama|You drew a bird that was here, a kind of sweet chanticleer. But with a terrible fear that the cage couldn't tame
Élisabeth Badinter, The Conflict: How Modern Motherhood Undermines the Status of Women|I really admired other parents I saw running around with their kids. I thought, "How nice is that for their children?" But they also left me racked with guilt--until one mother, out of the dozens I met, told me I shouldn't feel bad. "You're not your daughter's playmate," she said, and I nearly burst out in tears, because I needed to hear that so badly.
Arthur Conan Doyle|Accounts are not quite settled between us," said she, with a passion that equaled my own. "I can love, and I can hate. You had your choice. You chose to spurn the first; now you must test the other.
Stephen R. Donaldson, The Chronicles of Thomas Covenant, the Unbeliever|Adult obesity and overweight statistics have increased by about 50 percent since the Dietary Goals were announced. [by the federal government, in 1977] That bears repeating: a 50 percent increase in obesity/overweight correlated with a 10 percent decrease in fat content in the diet.
Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia|That mess about judging people by the content of their character and not the color of their skin—that's some bullshit. Nobody has the right to judge anybody else. Period. If you ain't been in my skin, you ain't never gonna understand my character.
Noam Chomsky|Willingness to be puzzled is a valuable trait to cultivate, from childhood to advanced inquiry.
Moffat Machingura|He glanced at her, his hair wild and his eyes red. 'May I give ye pleasure?'Still a gentleman. Emma smiled. But his voice sounded gruff and his appearance was that of an untamed barbarian. She grabbed handfuls of his hair and pulled his head close to hers. 'Make me scream.'His eyes gleamed hotter. 'Ye will. Many times ere the night is over.
Anup Kochhar, The Failure Project  -The Story Of Man's Greatest Fear|The Fear of failure is the greatest fear of man. Even the fear of death is fear of failing to continue life,
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|Felix wasn't sure of his limits, if he had limits. After he'd been dead a while, he began to suspect he could swim to the bottom of the oceans. Beyond that. He suspected that he could swim so far down that he'd eventually go through the center of the earth and come out the other side. He could swim into the clouds, into the stars. Maybe there were ghosts on the other planets. Maybe there were ghosts laughing and splashing each other with the heat of the sun. He wasn't brave enough to find out.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|I think that when you remember, remember, remember everything like that, you could go on until you remember what was there before you were in the world. 
Richard LaGravenese|Above all, we must be conscious of the primary pedagogical task, namely that we must first make something of ourselves so that a living inner spiritual relationship exists between the teacher and the children.
Eberhard Jüngel|What happens when you don't know the truth but you can't believe the lies, when you can't find a way--through fact or fiction--to give meaning to your own existence? Without a narrative for you own life, do you ever really exist at all?
Timothy Zahn, Heir to the Empire|Governments and entire planets are important, Threepio. But when you sift everything down, they're all just made of people.
Karina Cooper, Transmuted|Always remember, if someone keeps putting you down to make themselves feel or look better, be flattered that they chose you. Their insecurity always speaks louder when they need to use someone else to make them feel validated. Confidence never calls for verbal infliction.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|I have recently been able to see the new world - the quiet, the tranquility and the freedom it will bring with it. This is very comforting knowledge for me because I already know that what I envision eventually becomes a reality.
Ahmed Mostafa|Day drinking with a broken heart is like selling loose Cuban cigars like Newports, tryna leave the country without passports, and putting yourself in a situation you can’t handle.
Richard Pryor|Who you gonna believe, bitch? Me? or your lying eyes?
HaveYouSeenThisGirL, She Died|The Law of Inertia states that a body in motion will remain in motion, and a body at rest will remain at rest. In life, nothing will happen when no one will make a move
Sacha Guitry|Americans have not only a right but a responsibility to consider the values of those who seek to lead them - whether they arise from life experience, political ideology or religious belief.
Liz Braswell, Once Upon a Dream|Not to get all Zen on you, but maybe you should love yourself more.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|A poor man is not disposed to quick and high resentment when he is among the rich: he is apt to yield to others, for he knows others are above him: he is not stiff and self-willed; he is patient with hard fare; he expects no other than to be despised, and takes it patiently; he does not take it heinously that he overlooked and but little regarded; he is prepared to be in a lowly place; he readily honours his superiors; he takes reproofs quietly; he readily honours others as above him; he easily yields to be taught, and does not claim much to his understanding and judgment; he is not over nice or humoursome, and has his spirit subdued to hard things; he is not assuming, nor apt to take much upon him, but it is natural for him to be subject to others. Thus it is with the humble Christian.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|But many intelligent people have a sort of bug: they think intelligence is an end in itself. They have one idea in mind: to be intelligent, which is really stupid. And when intelligence takes itself for its own goal, it operates very strangely: the proof that it exists is not to be found in the ingenuity or simplicity of what it produces, but in how obscurely it is expressed.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|If you were to go, and hopefully someday you will, you would see a lot of paintings of dead people. You'd see Jesus on the cross, and you'd see a dude getting stabbed in the neck, and you'd see people dying at sea and in battle and a parade of martyrs. But Not. One. Single. Cancer. Kid. Nobody biting it from the plague or smallpox or yellow fever or whatever, because there is no glory in illness. There is no meaning to it. There is no honor in dying of.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I think that I am too warm to negatively judge individuals, yet I am cold enough to negatively judge humanity.
Neha Yazmin, Chasing Pavements|I wish I knew what it was like, to find a place where I belong.
Graham Greene|The Lord God carries us throughout our lives just as a father carries his child. The Lord carried me, and He still is. He made you. He knows what you're good at. He knows what you can do and what you can become. Trust Him. Love Him. He'll always love you back.
Heather     James, Fire|The hiss of the quenched element, the breakage of the pitcher which I had flung from my hand when I had emptied it, and, above all, the splash of the shower-bath I had liberally bestowed, roused Mr Rochester at last though it was dark, I knew he was awake; because I heard him fulminating strange anathemas at finding himself lying in a pool of water. 'Is there a flood?' he cried
Émile Zola, Paris|He had ceased to believe in the efficacy of alms; it was not sufficient that one should be charitable, henceforth one must be just. Given justice, indeed, horrid misery would disappear, and no such thing as charity would be needed.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|And so we know the satisfaction of hate. We know the sweet joy of revenge. How it feels good to get even. Oh, that was a nice idea Jesus had. That was a pretty notion, but you can't love people who do evil. It's neither sensible or practical. It's not wise to the world to love people who do such terrible wrong. There is no way on earth we can love our enemies. They'll only do wickedness and hatefulness again. And worse, they'll think they can get away with this wickedness and evil, because they'll think we're weak and afraid. What would the world come to?But I want to say to you here on this hot July morning in Holt, what if Jesus wasn't kidding? What if he wasn't talking about some never-never land? What if he really did mean what he said two thousand years ago? What if he was thoroughly wise to the world and knew firsthand cruelty and wickedness and evil and hate? Knew it all so well from personal firsthand experience? And what if in spite of all that he knew, he still said love your enemies? Turn your cheek. Pray for those who misuse you. What if he meant every word of what he said? What then would the world come to?And what if we tried it? What if we said to our enemies: We are the most powerful nation on earth. We can destroy you. We can kill your children. We can make ruins of your cities and villages and when we're finished you won't even know how to look for the places where they used to be. We have the power to take away your water and to scorch your earth, to rob you of the very fundamentals of life. We can change the actual day into actual night. We can do these things to you. And more.But what if we say, Listen: Instead of any of these, we are going to give willingly and generously to you. We are going to spend the great American national treasure and the will and the human lives that we would have spent on destruction, and instead we are going to turn them all toward creation. We'll mend your roads and highways, expand your schools, modernize your wells and water supplies, save your ancient artifacts and art and culture, preserve your temples and mosques. In fact, we are going to love you. And again we say, no matter what has gone before, no matter what you've done: We are going to love you. We have set our hearts to it. We will treat you like brothers and sisters. We are going to turn our collective national cheek and present it to be stricken a second time, if need be, and offer it to you. Listen, we--But then he was abruptly halted.
John Stuart Mill, Utilitarianism|The art of music is good, for the reason, among others, that it produces pleasure; but what proof is it possible to give that pleasure is good? If, then, it is asserted that there is a comprehensive formula, including all things which are in themselves good, and that whatever else is good, is not so as an end, but as a mean, the formula may be accepted or rejected, but is not a subject of what is commonly understood by proof.
Adrienne Stoltz|You could be a really great and fabulous person, but if your method of communication with a woman doesn’t trigger her physical attraction by “pushing the right buttons,” you will only ever be “just a friend” in her eyes.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of the Lost Child|Nobody can be lucky all the time,so when your luck deserts you in some fashiondon't think you've been abandoned in your prime,but rather that you're saving up your ration.
Mo Ibrahim|If you respect a language and culture, it shows in your work.
Anonymous|All attempts, then, for mortification of any lust, without an interest in Christ, are vain.
Jessica Kristie|Bridge burned from end to end,and I don't miss you anymore.You delivered silenceI've birthed freedom.
Major Owens|It is rather a problem of how to secure the best use of resources known to any of the members of society, for ends whose relative importance only those individuals know.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|No matter how small you start, always dream and think BIG. If you start with small thoughts then you will stay with small thoughts.
Frederick Douglass|I love Nautilus and stretching. The results are immediate, and that gives me the motivation to continue.
Elizabeth George, One-Minute Inspirations for Women|A godly mother loves God with all her heart, soul, mind, and strength, and teaches her children to do the same.
Jeanette Coron|If you have a big destiny, you're going to have to meet and face some big demons. But the good news is that your strength and power is big enough to conquer them all. You are strong enough to overcome all obstacles in your way and to fulfill your Destiny.
Stephen King|I was afraid that your buns were blown all the way to the Bardot Museum in Paris, where they put them on display, and then….” Mina said, “Were they displayed like this?" —Bats 2015
Wendell Berry|There are, it seems, two muses: the Muse of Inspiration, who gives us inarticulate visions and desires, and the Muse of Realization, who returns again and again to say "It is yet more difficult than you thought." This is the muse of form. It may be then that form serves us best when it works as an obstruction, to baffle us and deflect our intended course. It may be that when we no longer know what to do, we have come to our real work and when we no longer know which way to go, we have begun our real journey. The mind that is not baffled is not employed. The impeded stream is the one that sings.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The god of Victory is said to be one-handed, but Peace gives victory to both sides.
Jenny Shipley|What I would say to the young men and women who are beset by hopelessness and doubt is that they should go and see what is being done on the ground to fight poverty, not like going to the zoo but to take action, to open their hearts and their consciences.
José Emilio Pacheco|Silence heals nothing, fixes nothing, and unlocks nothing. Just because you don’t say something doesn’t make it any less true.
Tana French, In the Woods|How can I ever make you understand Cassie and me? I would have to take you there, walk you down every path of our secret shared geography. The truism says it’s against all odds for a straight man and woman to be real friends, platonic friends; we rolled thirteen, threw down five aces and ran away giggling. She was the summertime cousin out of storybooks, the one you taught to swim at some midge-humming lake and pestered with tadpoles down her swimsuit, with whom you practiced first kisses on a heather hillside and laughed about it years later over a clandestine joint in your granny’s cluttered attic. She painted my fingernails gold and dared me to leave them that way for work…We climbed out her window and down the fire escape and lay on the roof of the extension below, drinking improvised cocktails and singing Tom Waits and watching the stars spin dizzily around us.No.
Henry N. Beard, Poetry for Cats: The Definitive Anthology of Distinguished Feline Verse|Behold the day-break!I awaken you by sitting on your chest and purring in your face,I stir you with muscular paw-prods, I rouse you with toe-
Charles-Augustin de Coulomb|[It] is hardly possible to maintain seriously that the evil done by science is not altogether outweighed by the good. For example, if ten million lives were lost in every war, the net effect of science would still have been to increase the average length of life.
Harrison Ford|The force is within you, force yourself.
J.B.  Morgan, Holly Lane|What is your job?” “Now that’s classified information, ma’am. If I tell you, I may have to kiss you.” “Shouldn’t that be, ‘I’d have to kill you?’”“No, it’s definitely kiss you,” he says seriously. “I think I would know.” And by the look on his face, I know he really does want to kiss me.
Adam Berlin Belmondo Style|You talked to us about what kind of fifth-graders we wanted to be this year. How it was all in our choices, every minute of our days. How even grownups like you had to think about it sometimes, to be the person they wanted to be.
G.K. Chesterton, The Napoleon of Notting Hill|Why not believe in miracles, create them, invite them for dinner, and offer them a place to stay every single day? Just because we have not doesn’t mean we cannot.
Thomas S. Monson|Men take care not to make women weep, for God counts their tears.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|Angela Duckworth has shown how important grit and perseverance are to lifetime outcomes. College students who report that they finish whatever they begin have higher grades than their peers, even ones with higher SATs.
Caroline Corr|If you are a writer you're at home, which means you're out of touch. You have to make excuses to get out there and look at how the world is changing.
Krisi Keley, On the Soul of a Vampire|Oh, but I was an idiot. Wanting to be whatever magic she waited for, when I had no magic - only darkness or death to give. But it seemed in that one instant, when she turned to discover what was behind her, that I could have brought happiness to at least one mortal. Me and my dreams of goodness. I had always been a fool for them.
Colson Whitehead, Zone One|Pain could be killed. Sadness could not, but the drugs did shut its mouth for a time.
Debasish Mridha|If someone hurts you, he is hurting himself. He may not be able to escape that hurt in his lifetime.
Germany Kent|It's a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.
Clare Short|According to Richard Clarke, the former White House counterterrorism chief, Bush was so obsessed with Iraq that he failed to take action against Osama Bin Laden despite repeated warnings from his intelligence experts.
Tessa Hadley, Married Love and Other Stories|I'm really all right, she would think, carefully, lightly, as she pulled the key from the ignition, trying not to examine the sensation too closely or lose it with any sudden movement, as if it were a thin-filmed shiny bubble poised in her chest.
Deyth Banger|You, don't hook everywhere. ‪#‎iampm‬
Scott Stabile|Find an excellent quote about "Stories with a Dramatic Arc" by Deb Volberg Search for "the yellow dress" on Youtubetinyurl dot com / storywithdrama2014 tells the highlightsWhen we tell stories about a change in our life, we develop a neural coupling with our audience. the key is developing empathy by showing a change in our beliefs
Elizabeth Hoyt, Thief of Shadows|It was an amazing garden like nothing Will had ever seen. Everything was covered in snow and glittering ice, the winding paths, the clusters of trees and what looked like mazes. And here and there blue fountains splashed and a river meandered between them, though the water didn’t look like water at all but like a stream of sapphires. And strangest of all was how see-through everything looked, trees showing through trees, the river showing through heaps of snow. It was all like a daydream, half imagination, half reality. But Will knew that it was real.
Norma Gail|He refused to believe in his own weaknesses, and with her he had not found a weakness to fit himself against.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Poor, ill-advised Roderich! What evil power did you conjure up to poison in its first youth the race you thought to have planted for eternity?
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|O, hereWill I set up my everlasting rest,And shake the yoke of inauspicious starsFrom this world-wearied flesh. Eyes, look your last!Arms, take your last embrace! and, lips, O youThe doors of breath, seal with a righteous kissA dateless bargain to engrossing death!
Amelia Atwater-Rhodes|A story isn't a charcoal sketch, where every stroke lies on the surface to be seen. It's an oil painting, filled with layers that the author must uncover so carefully to show its beauty.
Sasha Lane|I prefer to be alive, so I'm cautious about taking risks.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|When you got right down to it, my dick was the one organ that hadn’t presented itself to my consciousness through pain, only pleasure. Modest but robust, it had always served me faithfully. Or, you could argue, I had served it – if so, its yoke had been easy. It never gave me orders. It sometimes encouraged me to get out more, but it encouraged me humbly, without bitterness or anger. This past evening, I knew, it had interceded on Myriam’s behalf. It had always enjoyed good relations with Myriam, Myriam had always treated it with affection and respect, and this had given me an enormous amount of pleasure. And sources of pleasure were hard to come by. In the end, my dick was all I had.
Marty Rubin|Beauty is everywhere you look, but you have to look.
Sigmund Freud|A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
Martha Plimpton|We all know that Americans love their statistics - in sport, obviously. And in finance too.
A.B. Shepherd, Lifeboat|Think of your attacks as the ocean during a storm. Waves come and crash. They beat on the sand over and over. Slamming into anything on its way. But then, the storm retreats. The water is calm and the waves slowly come and go. Every attack rises and falls. You either have to hold on," he squeezes my shoulders, "or stop it before the storm comes.
Luis W. Alvarez, Alvarez|...every physicist knows that the laws of physics can be used to build a gun or a bicycle; physics does not dictate a specific use for its laws. To that extent, it should be obvious that the laws of physics are incomplete in predicting everything that occurs in nature—from Moral Materialism
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|There needs but so little to encourage beauty in our soul; so little to awaken the slumbering angels; or perhaps is there no need of awakening --- it is enough that we lull them not to sleep. It requires more effort to fall, perhaps, than to rise. Can we, without putting constraint upon ourselves, confine our thoughts to everyday things at times when the sea stretches before us, and we are face to face with the night? And what soul is there but knows that it is ever confronting the sea, ever in presence of an eternal night?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Stars on the sky, stars on the ground. It's hard to tell where the sky ends and the earth begins.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Consciousness is man's greatest misfortune, still I know that man loves it and will not exchange it for any satisfactions.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|I have no doubt that we will be successful in harnessing the sun's energy. ... If sunbeams were weapons of war, we would have had solar energy centuries ago.
Muddy Waters|What we get from this adventure is just sheer joy. And joy is, after all, the end of life. We do not live to eat and make money.
Mo|Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|I had asked him many times why he stayed, and he always said the same thing: “Because I love you, and I wanted to, and I knew you were in there.” No matter how damaged I had been, he had loved me enough to still see me somewhere inside.
Tsukumizu, Girls' Last Tour, Vol. 1|Even if it's meaningless . . . sometimes, nice things happen.
Karen Luellen, Winter's Awakening: The Metahumans Emerge|And here she was. Lying on the floor of a dusty, empty, locked room thinking how grateful she felt.She smiled, though it hurt tremendously to do so, thinking how blessed she had been to have spent twelve years with the most precious gifts from God. She felt honored that they called her mother. She knew she had done the best she could teaching them about life and love, faith and family. Margo lay slowly dying from the wounds inflicted by a monster, but she was at peace. Because though the devil meant it for evil, God turned it to good.
Eunice Parisi-Carew, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|When people feel trusted, they'll begin to understand they are contributors--and you'll get great ideas and happy people.
Debra Dunbar, A Demon Bound|He shook his head in exasperation. “Are you sure you’re not a Succubus? You seem really obsessed with the sin of lust.”“It’s a good sin. I like gluttony an awful lot, too. Sloth has its moments, but I just don’t understand acedia at all. I mean, what the f**k is that anyway? Oh, and greed is good, to quote Gordon Gekko. Anger, envy and pride,” I ticked them off on my fingers. “I don’t often have much use for them. It’s a shortcoming that I’m hoping to correct in the next millennium or two. I’m not very old; I can’t be expected to have mastered them all yet.”“I think you’ve worked too hard on some of those,” he said dryly. “Maybe you should switch over to virtues instead. Give yourself a much needed break.”Virtues? Yeah, right.“Virtues are too difficult,” I told him, shaking my head. “Look how old you are and you’ve hardly made a dent in them. I’ll admit, you seem to have zeal nailed, as well as faith and temperance. Self control? I’ve got my doubts based on your recent actions. I’m not seeing the kindness, love or generosity, either. That humility thing seems to be pretty far beyond your reach, too. Really, really far. I’m sorry to tell you this, but from what I can see, the sin of pride is a major component of your character. Dude, you’re f**king old. You should have these things pretty well ticked off your shopping list by now. I’m seriously disappointed. Seriously.
Honore de Balzac|Even before the missteps that I've had, I was never going to run for office. My family is adamantly opposed to it, and frankly, my politics don't necessarily work for the primaries of either of our parties.
Solange nicole|The New Age movement, for all the validity of its protest and the value of some of its recommendations, is in truth a very old blind alley. There is a very long history to remind us of what happens when nature is our ultimate point of reference . . . . Nature knows no ethics. There is no right and wrong in nature; the controlling realities are power and fertility.
Debasish Mridha|Love is pure, perfect, precise, and precious.
John Wooden|Today's mighty oak is just yesterday's nut, that held its ground.
Choa Kok Sui, Creative Transformation - The Golden Lotus Sutras on Spiritual Practice|The sciences have two extremities which meet. The first is the ignorance in which men find themselves at birth. The second is that attained by great souls. They have surveyed whatever man can know, find that they know all, meet in that same ignorance whence they started. It is a clever ignorance, which knows itself. Those among them who, having emerged from the first ignorance, have been unable to achieve the other & have some smattering of this self-satisfied knowledge, pose as experts. The latter do not disturb people, are no more mistaken in their judgments on everything than others. The masses, the skilled, make up the retinue of a nation. The others, who respect it, are equally respected by it.
Samuel Smiles|I confess, I do not believe in time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A spider is slow, but its web catches the fastest flies.
Sebastian Thrun|If the world's leaders are serious about improving collective well-being, we'd better get serious about prioritizing education in our nations and in our global discussion.
Richie Norton|People who make big promises can also make big lies. Trust first, but exercise smart trust. You can be the most productive and most effective, but politics show up as ego and jealousy for bosses who can’t perform. If your job or task is codependent, you can be sabotaged. Always seek interdependence and people who are authentic at the core, not blue in the face.
Travis Thrasher, Wonder|So yeah, maybe this will be the rest of our lives. Pot roast and Diet Cokes and my parents making eyes at each other. As for those slaps and punches and hateful words, we'll just sweep those under the rug or wherever they can go.
Karen Essex, Stealing Athena|Think about it. For the sake of fame, men will risk great dangers. They put themselves in the jaws of death more than for their children. For fame, they will spend their money like water and work their fingers to the bone. Have you not observed this in your own home?
Jennifer S. Alderson, Notes of a Naive Traveler: Nepal and Thailand|I ended up in the back seat of a chicken truck’s cab heading through beautiful scenery and disastrous roads to my hotel. About an hour later, we stopped to sell a few hundred of the chickens to a butcher shop.
Matshona Dhliwayo|God hides treasure in dirt, so that only those humble enough to dig through it find it.
Sachin Tendulkar|Imagine how much capital a country like Argentina might attract - if instead of defaulting seriatim and affecting a pose of anger toward creditors, it borrowed responsibly and honored its obligations.
Mac McClelland, Irritable Hearts: A PTSD Love Story|A lot of people don’t heal, and it manifests in a lot of different ways throughout their lives,” she said once. “Because when trauma doesn’t get to work itself through your system, your system idles at a heightened state, and so getting more really intense input calms your system down.” Which is why, Meredith said, “A lot of folks who’ve survived trauma end up being really calm in crisis and freaking out in everyday life.
Abeba Habtu, Become Courageous Abeba: A Story of Love, Loss, War and Hope|It is this dependency that became, and is, the breeding ground for abuses of power.
Louis L'Amour|Trust me, sweetheart, there is a reason centuries of fathers have fought brutal wars to protect the concept of Immaculate Conception.
Mike Huckabee|Death wasn't part of God's original plan for humanity, and the Bible calls death an enemy - the last enemy to be destroyed.
Louis Chunovic, Chris-in-the-morning: Love, Life and the Whole Karmic Enchilada|I've always been a student of this life, not a teacher. More of a sponge than a fountain.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Give me your soul and I will give you a unified humanity replete with courage, conscience and compassion.
Patrick White, Voss|His legend will be written down, eventually, by those who are troubled by it.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|A true war story is never moral. It does not instruct, nor encourage virtue, nor suggest models of proper human behavior, nor restrain men from doing the things men have always done. If a story seems moral, do not believe it. If at the end of a war story you feel uplifted, or if you feel that some small bit of rectitude has been salvaged from the larger waste, then you have been made the victim of a very old and terrible lie. There is no rectitude whatsoever. There is no virtue. As a first rule of thumb, therefore, you can tell a true war story by its absolute and uncompromising allegiance to obscenity and evil.
Donald Miller, Through Painted Deserts: Light, God, and Beauty on the Open Road|And if these mountains had eyes, they would wake to find two strangers in their fences, standing in admiration as a breathing red pours its tinge upon earth's shore. These mountains, which have seen untold sunrises, long to thunder praise but stand reverent, silent so that man's weak praise should be given God's attention.
MaryJanice Davidson, The Royal Treatment|She did not care what a ludicrous picture she might be painting, a fat happy old lady in her night gown, swinging on a small little swing in the dead of the night.
William Shakespeare, Antony and Cleopatra|No more light answers. Let our officersHave note what we purpose. I shall breakThe cause of our expedience to the QueenAnd get her leave to part. For not aloneThe death of Fulvia, with more urgent touches,Do strongly speak to us, but the letters tooOf many our contriving friends in RomePetition us at home. Sextus PompeiusHath given the dare to Caesar and commandsThe empire of the sea. Our slippery people,Whose love is never linked to the deserverTill his deserts are past, begin to throwPompey the Great and all his dignitiesUpon his son, who - high in name and power,Higher than both in blood and life - stands upFor the main soldier; whose quality, going on,The sides o' th' world may danger. Much is breedingWhich, like the courser's hair, hath yet but lifeAnd not a serpent's poison.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|I swear, my dear. Sometimes our conversations remind me of a broken sword."She raised an eyebrow."Sharp as hell," Lightsong said, "but lacking a point.
K.M. Peyton, The Beethoven Medal|as was his way, once he acknowledged the problem, he set about finding a means to resolve it
Pierre Dukan|I think it's probably best to work out in the morning to get it out of the way. My ultimate top tip is to drag yourself, even if you have to roll yourself out of your bed and in to a sit-up - it's really not that bad once you start.
Prescott Bush|It seems that American patriotism measures itself against an outcast group. The right Americans are the right Americans because they're not like the wrong Americans, who are not really Americans.
Donna Grant, Night's Awakening|Don't stop," she pleaded with swollen lips. "Please, Guy, don't stop."The same hunger that ran through him had taken her as well. What kind of man would he be to leave her with such need?
Robert Jensen|Our goal should be not to redefine masculinity, but to abolish it.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|Literature is my sandbox. In it I play, build my forts and castles, spend glorious time. It is the world outside that box that gives me trouble. I have adapted tamely, though not conventionally, to this visible world so I can retreat without much inconvenience into my inner world of books." (p. 5)
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|When defeat comes, accept it as a signal that your plans are not sound, rebuild those plans, and set sail once more toward your coveted goal.
George A. Smith|Happiness consists not in having much, but in being content with little.
Adam Schiff|You'll remember Dr. Rice said that several times: It was not a warning about the place and the method and the time - it was a general warning. And that points out the imperfection, if you would, of our intelligence.
John Wesley|I had a lot of trouble in school to begin with. I got left back in kindergarten, and I was in special education. My teachers didn't have very much faith in me.
Tavi Gevinson|Koch Industries is an amazing business that has succeeded by building a product that customers love dearly. The folks who run Koch are very clear. They would love to have government just get out of the way and allow companies to compete, whether in their particular sectors or other sectors. They are true believers in small government.
Deepak Chopra|Using social media to hurt and destroy is callous, acted out by cowards hiding behind computers. My advice is to ignore negativity. Focus on the love around.
E. Stanley Jones, Christ of the Mount|We are not quite sure that the Sermon on the Mount is the Sermon for the mart. We are not sure, and an unsure place is an unsafe place* We must go on or go back. We must be more Christian or less.
Sope Agbelusi|Remember diamonds are created under pressure so hold on, it will be your time to shine soon.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Would the child you were yesterday admire the person you are today? If not, adjust for desired results.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|Failure to find the truth is perhaps an intellectual defeat, but failure to look for the truth is an intellectual surrender.
Derric Yuh Ndim|A client of mine once joked, “If youremployer likes you, the rest is history, the raise and everythingelse will come.” That intangible attitude in the workplace is whatsets apart those who get promoted and those who don’t.
Stephen Hunter|It's never been a point of reference to look to a man. It's not always a good thing, I suppose, but I think independence is always preferable to dependence.
Allan Rufus|Life is like a sandwich!Birth as one slice,and death as the other.What you put in-between the slices is up to you.Is your sandwich tasty or sour?Allan Rufus.org
Mehmet Murat ildan|Let all things be done in order, with right and decency. Those things are worth a man's life or two. Life without would be a hell, indeed.
Ehud Barak|I met my grandfather just before he died, and it was the first time that I had seen Dad with a relative of his. It was interesting to see my own father as a son and the body language and alteration in attitude that comes with that, and it sort of changed our relationship for the better.
Magaly Guerrero, Thorn in Red| He knows that if his father had been a different man, or his mother another women, he would have been the same.   He would have lived all his years the same way. They played no part. Any combination would have produced the same result. The same man. 
Mohammed Mushtaq GK|Beginning with End in focus ,a proof of self confidence
Amadeo Bordiga|The whole discussion now underway on revolutionary forms in Russia and in China boils down to the judgement to be made of the historical phenomenon of the "appearance" of industrialism and mechanisation in huge areas of the world previously dominated by landed and precapitalist forms of production.Constructing industrialism and mechanising things is supposedly the same as building socialism whenever central and "national" plans are made. This is the mistaken thesis.
Nayomi Munaweera, Island of a Thousand Mirrors|We play hide-and-seek, wade into her ponds to fill jam jars with writhing tadpoles, and cavort with her pack of dogs, named Brandy, Whiskey, Lager, so that just calling the pack makes one feel light-headed and drunk.
Sunday Adelaja|Those who neglect the demands of life, they live in perpetual pain and regret.
Winna Efendi, Melbourne: Rewind|I like to live in 'fear'becauSe, you are ready to faceany unexpected thing to become and you have 'no regret' for it.
Julian Baggini|When Kennedy could not get the civil rights bill passed - and he was the big liberal - Lyndon Johnson came in and it got passed, and he was the conservative and the southerner. So sometimes in politics, to get something done, it takes a special kind of knowledge and a special kind of person, but it doesn't always follow the party lines.
Albert Camus|I do not believe that the people of Ontario judge their leaders on the basis of race, sexual orientation, colour or religion. I don't believe they hold that prejudice in their hearts.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|If you are not using your mind for self-torture, why would you think of peace?
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Everyone might think Lizzie's an angel, but I knew better. She was selfish, and she was going to pay.
The Good Book|She pats my knee. I’m going to tell you something my grandmother told me when I was fifteen years old. `Eliza, you won’t ever be content with someone if you can’t learn how to be content by yourself first.
Mary Gordon|My favorite monster has always been the zombie. They are so much fun. They can be scary, pathetic, sad, funny, tragic, even heroic. They are the most elastic monster because, even with all of that, they don't interfere with telling stories about the humans. They serve as threats and metaphors, but they allow the story to be about people.
Misty Copeland|Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.
Julie Andrews|Being superintendent or the superintendent's chief of staff is important work, but there's no chance it's as difficult as being a teacher, and I hesitate to say that it's as important.
Harriet Martineau|Travel and society polish one, but a rolling stone gathers no moss, and a little moss is a good thing on a man.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I’d like to meet the devil some night,’ he said once with a malignant smile. ‘I’d chase him from here to the wilds of the Pacific. I am the devil.
Joseph C. Kunz Jr.|I believe in success.No matter how much the hard work sucks, the triumph is just like good sex!
Shaye Evans, Rescued|I was calling you earlier when your name and number flashed up on my cell’s screen. But instead of it being you, it was Chris.”“You still have my number programed into your phone?
Josh Stern|Quiet, everybody! Quiet! Well, Sir, we've been getting along pretty good for quite a while now, and we're certainly much obliged. Remember, all we ask is to just go along and be happy in our own sort of way. Of course we want to keep our health but as far as anything else is concerned, we'll leave it to You. Thank You.
James Patterson|Mind you, physical training doesn't necessarily mean going to an expert for advice. One doesn't have to make a mountain out of a molehill. Get out in the fresh air and walk briskly - and don't forget to wear a smile while you're at it. Don't over-do. Take it easy at first and build on your effort day by day.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|My tent doesn’t look like much but, as an estate agent might say, “It is air-conditioned and has exceptional location.
Tao Lin, Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy|that was bad; i shouldn't have done thatto prevent you from entering a catatonic statei am going to maintain a calm facial expressionwith crinkly eyes and an overall friendly demeanori believe in a human being that is not upseti believe if you are working i should not be insaneor upset--why am i ever insane or upset and not working?i vacuumed the entire house this morningi cleaned the kitchen and the computer roomand i made you a meat helmet with computer paperthe opportunity for change exists in each moment, all moments are aloneand separate from other moments, and there are a limited number of momentsand the idea of change is a delusion of positive or negative thinkingyour hands are covering your faceand your body moves like a statuewhen i try to manipulate an appendageif i could just get you to cry tears of joy one more time
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|I want to yell so loud that Baby Girl can hear me that dirty ain't a color, disease ain't the Negro side a town. I want to stop that moment from coming - and it come in ever white child's life - when they start to think that colored folks ain't as good as whites. ... I pray that wasn't her moment, Pray I still got time.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|Just like your father, Ryan—blunt, abrasive and cursing like a sailor.” He moved closer until he was just inches from him and added with a wink, “Everything I liked about him.
Ted Gioia, How to Listen to Jazz|The work of art always requires us to adapt to it—and in this manner can be distinguished from escapism or shallow entertainment, which instead aims to adapt to the audience, to give the public exactly what it wants. We can tell that we are encountering a real work of art by the degree to which it resists subjectivity.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You must want it, to chase for it.
Stephen Richards|If Cosmic Ordering isn’t for you, shape yourself so it is.
Albert Marrin|Rising demand for oil exposed Europe, and later America, to oil shocks - serious interruptions in supply. Like a pebble tossed into a pond, an oil shock creats ripples, or effects, felt everywhere.Oil shocks have two causes. The first is natural, because existing oil fields may not yield enough to satisfy demand. Scarcity results in higher prices for oil products, reducing our standard of living. Natural scarcity was not a problem in the world's major producing areas until recently.The second cause of oil shocks is political. Political shocks happen when governments of oil-producing countries reduce or halt supply to gain the upper hand in dealings with other governments. This is the case in the Middle East, where oil has often mixed with politics, religion, and blood. The reasons for this have shaped the history of recent times.
Peter Gray|People naturally want to make sense of their world. That, to Greenberg, is the essence of human curiosity. As they strive to answer questions that truly interest them, people are automatically motivated to use any resources that help them to address those questions. But the questions that interest one person do not necessarily interest another, and the resources that are helpful to one are not necessarily helpful to another.
Jean Cocteau|Every poem is a coat of arms. It must be deciphered. How much blood, how many tears in exchange for these axes, these muzzles, these unicorns, these torches, these towers, these martlets, these seedlings of stars and these fields of blue!
Auliq-Ice|Time of failure is a more manageable chunk of time that allows you to pick up speed and momentum, but close enough that you don’t lose sight of the shore or feel overwhelmed by the enormity of the goal.
Hesham Nebr|On why 300 years separates the first use of glass lenses in spectacles and their use in a telescope: “In many cases there are times when an invention is technologically possible – and in which it may indeed appear necessary, as the telescope may have – but without a market the idea will not sell, and in the absence of the technical and social infrastructure to support it, the invention will not survive.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|It is neither trials nor relationships nor successes nor failures that define a man, but the choices he makes while handling them.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|[mother] belonged to a realm of other creatures: smaller, lighter, more easily blown away.
Marty Rubin|Now I realize, of course, that many readers will acknowledge that we do in fact have these reactions, but would nevertheless write them off as mere reactions. “Our tendency to find something personally disgusting,” they will sniff, “doesn’t show that there is anything objectively wrong with it.” This is the sort of stupidity-masquerading-as-insight that absolutely pervades modern intellectual life, and it has the same source as so many other contemporary intellectual pathologies: the abandonment of the classical realism of the great Greek and Scholastic philosophers, and especially of Aristotle’s doctrine of the four causes.
Renee Cefalu|The world, I soon learned, held a different estimate: and I make no doubt, the world is very right in its view, yet believe also that I am not quite wrong in mine.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|Except I was hoping someday to see you standing on a ship's deck in your shirtsleeves with a cutlass between your teeth.""Maybe it can be arranged
Craig Childs, The Secret Knowledge of Water|We designate the spirit of the well as 'she' because in most of her personifications she takes a female form, though not invariably. She appears in many guises - ghost, witch, saint, mermaid, fairy, and sometimes in animal form, often as a sacred fish - and her presence permeates well lore, and indeed water lore generally.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|Whatever your problems may be, they pale in insignificance in the light of eternity. No matter how great your failures, God's grace is greater still. Lift up your heart and face life head-on.
Hannah Heath, Skies of Dripping Gold|If you fail to know how to move with people without emotional discipline, you shall surely become the color of their emotions whenever they go beyond the boundaries of their emotions to display the real and true color of their emotions
Jeanette Coron|If you dump the fear of failure, you will eventually marry success.
Olivia Laing|That’s the dream of sex, isn’t it? That you will be liberated from the prison of the body by the body itself, at long last desired, its strange tongue understood.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|I'm sure you've heard people talk about their Heart's Desire—well that's a load of rot. Hearts are idiots. They're big and squishy and full of daft dreams. They flounce off to write poetry and moon at folk who aren't worth the mooning. Bones are the ones that have to make the journey, fight the monster, kneel before whomever is big on kneeling these days. Bones do the work for the heart's grand plans. Bones know what you need. Hearts only know want.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|I didn’t understand what was supposed to happen from our swinging, but the need to make her happy bloomed in my chest.
Geraldine Brooks, People of the Book|Rain woke him, a slow drizzle, his feet tangled in coils of discarded fiberoptics. The arcade's sea of sound washed over him, receded, returned. Rolling over, he sat up and held his head.
Margaret Mead|Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful.
Gabourey Sidibe|And if you see me, smile and maybe give me a hug. That's important to me too.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|If nothing’s real, then what does it matter?” he said. “You live here. Doesn’t that make it real enough?
Diana Wynne Jones, The Tough Guide to Fantasyland|Slender Youth. A tour companion who may be either a lost prince or a girl/princess in disguise. In the latter case it is tactful to pretend you think she is a boy. She/he will be ignorant, hasty and shy, and will need hauling out of trouble quite a lot. But she/he will grow up in the course of the Tour. In fact she/he will be the only Companion who will change in any way. Quite often, she/he will soon exhibit a very useful talent for magic and end up by hauling everyone else out of trouble. But this will not be until midway through your second brochure.
Kingsley Amis, I Like it Here|Bowen looked nervously about for peasants. It would be unendurable if they all turned out to be full of instinctive wisdom and natural good manners and unself-conscious grace and a deep, articulate understanding of death.
Charles Finch, The Last Enchantments|Rickie had a young man's reticence. He generally spoke of “a friend,” “a person I know,” “a place I was at.” When the book of life is opening, our readings are secret, and we are unwilling to give chapter and verse. Mr. Pembroke, who was half way through the volume, and had skipped or forgotten the earlier pages, could not understand Rickie's hesitation, nor why with such awkwardness he should pronounce the harmless dissyllable “Ansell.
Kevin Kelly|Is our desire for partnership just an evolutionary remainder, a Togetherness Delusion, where millions of women only think they need a relationship to be truly happy? Maybe. But you know what? That's fine with me.
Morten Tyldum|Most people are excited about themselves. Personal genome will deliver for inexpensively something about science to which you can relate. Just like computers are becoming something to which you can relate. It should be even easier to relate to your own biology, and I hope that will be one of the ways we get broader literacy in science.
Julie Klassen, The Innkeeper of Ivy Hill|Please forgive me for the way I've treated her, Rachel prayed. Please help me repair the damage I've done. Help her to forgive me too. Oh merciful Father, help me not to be so full of myself that there is no room for anyone else. And worse, no room for you.
Samuel Butler|The spirituality that I experience sometimes touches on religion, in that I resonate with the thread of continuity that permeates through all religions. But in terms of it being a concretized, organized part of my life, it's not.
Maxwell Maltz|There is no fixed physical reality, no single perception of the world, just numerous ways of interpreting world views as dictated by one's nervous system and the specific environment of our planetary existence.
Matthew McConaughey|For some reason, I had a responsibility to my family and the people who lived around me. I felt that I had to convey their dignity - the way they dealt with adversity and poverty - and their good humor.
Jennifer Farwell, Rock Star's Girl|That night, Hallie was relieved when Linda Soares, the town librarian who'd spent years trying to impress Nick with her low-cut shirts and book recommendations, joined them for dinner.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Madness is forever! We even smell different, our hearts don’t beat, they tick, our eyes are different, we don’t just see, we also pick up vibes. We are probably dehumanised and way past our ‘sell by’ date, totally unusable, bitter as lemons.
Éliphas Lévi, Transcendental Magic: Its Doctrine and Ritual|Sunflowers, Not Facing the Sun (A Poem) I stand tall As gracious as one could be Blooming to my bestAs slender as it touches my being Everyone else is facing the sun Bending towards its unfathomable galore They and I are both undoubtedlyGrown on the benevolence of life’s essence The brighter side mercilessly feeding desires unboundBy daunting the “courage to know” with each spin Though, I am not able to face the sun the way they do Yet, I learn from the knowledge bred within me Beyond achievement markers, but an adverse ability An opportunity to exercise my special selfFrom the cherubic attire of my blessed soul To the unfathomable mystery the drape of this world hides That I, by not facing the sun Hunt the gems in the milieu of the human existence
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Thank you for the day and night,for rainy spells and summer’s light.Thank you for the skies of blueand puffy clouds in grayish hue.Thank you for the gigglefestsand midnight’s cloak to hasten rest.Thank you for tomorrow newand yesterday’s tomorrow too.Thank you for “I’m glad we met”and also for “we haven’t yet.”Thank you for the peace of mind a grateful soul doth always find.
Erin Kellison, Night's Deep Hush|Tell me, Mrs. Moon, will your need for sustenance trouble you on this excursion? How often do you need to feed?" I couldn't tell whether his interest was scientific, or whether he was afraid I might plunge my teeth into his throat at any moment.
David Hoffmeister|If we recognize that Spirit is all powerful, and cannot be hurt, and that only Spirit exists, then nothing that happens here matters. And we see everyone and everything from the point of wholeness. Even the ‘deceitful’ thing that happened is probably to teach us a lesson not to value anything of this world, including the body. Miracles bring conviction for they demonstrate what you have just written – the valuelessness of the body and world and the value of the Spirit, which is unchanging.
Amber Smith, The Way I Used to Be|I feel these forbidden thoughts creep in sometimes without warning. Slow thoughts that always start quietly, like whispers you're not even sure you're hearing. And then they get louder and louder until they become every sound in the entire world. Thoughts that can't be undone. Would anyone care? Would anyone even fucking notice? What if one day I just wasn't here anymore? What if one day it all just stopped? What if? What if? What if?
Christina Marie Morales, Ambience|So how exactly was I supposed to wrap my head around the whole thing? I wasn’t entirely sure I could trust this guy. I mean, this was it? Really? My life ends and some creep in a grungy leather jacket takes me away? No, I couldn’t accept that. -Jen
Mary Doria Russell, A Thread of Grace|Shall I tell you why young men love war? . . . In peace, there are a hundred questions with a thousand answers! In war, there is only one question with one right answer. . . . Going to war makes you a man. It is emotionally exciting and morally restful.
Henry Petroski|American history is longer, larger, more various, more beautiful, and more terrible than anything anyone has ever said about it.
Akshay Vasu|For all the way he loved her. Every song had her memory, every rain had her smell, and every girl had her face.
James S.A. Corey|[The Void Which Binds] actual but unaccessible presence in our universe is one of the prime causes for our species elaborating myth and religion, for our stubborn, blind belief in extrasensory powers, in telepathy and precognition, in demons and demigods and resurrection and reincarnation and ghosts and messiahs and so many other categories of almost-but-not-quite satisfying bullshit.
Timothy Joshua|If a muscleman like Hukum can write a poem, everyone can.
Mark R. Faulkner|Perhaps one has to have placed life in the center of one’s worldview and valued it as much as I have in order to know that one may not keep it, but must yield it up.
Dalai Lama XIV|In the desert I had found a freedom unattainable in civilization; a life unhampered by possessions, since everything that was not a necessity was an encumbrance. I had found too, a comradeship inherent in the circumstances, and the belief that tranquility was to be found there.
Alice Waters|I believe that you can, by taking some simple and inexpensive measures, lead a longer life and extend your years of well-being. My most important recommendation is that you take vitamins every day in optimum amounts to supplement the vitamins that you receive in your food.
Sam Harris|For me, a good thriller must teach me something about the real world. Thrillers like 'Coma,' 'The Hunt for Red October' and 'The Firm' all captivated me by providing glimpses into realms about which I knew very little - medical science, submarine technology and the law.
Dada Bhagwan|You yourself are indeed Bhagwan [God], but the qualities of God have not yet manifested.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|Man cannot do without beauty, and this is what our era pretends to want to disregard.
Steve Goodier|Chase and I are in this for the long haul. I've stood before him and he's stood before me. And this is what it's all come down to: Chase Gartner is my future, my forever. And I, I am his.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|There was Tyson moving into the Poseidon cabin, giggling to himself every fifteen seconds and saying, "Percy is my brother?" like he'd just won the lottery.Aw, Tyson," I'd say. "It's not that simple.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|But how can you walk away from something and still come back to it?""Easy," said the cat. "Think of somebody walking around the world. You start out walking away from something and end up coming back to it.""Small world," said Coraline."It's big enough for her," said the cat. "Spider's webs only have to be large enough to catch flies.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|…he didn’t needs words or even want them because he knew how they could lie, could heat your blood and disappear.
RVM|PEP up your Life with Positive Energy Power; a Power that comes from choosing emotions of Love and Faith, Hope and Courage, Confidence and Compassion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Now she smiles as if I'm her favorite chocolate bar. "And I love you, Jordan.
Seema Brain Openers|Do you have a clear written purpose of your life? If not, why don't you make it now?
Richard Rohr|Who asked them dern pigs?” he said. “I guess they tracked us,” Augustus said. “They’re enterprising pigs.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To be a better cook, cook more. To be a better writer, read more.
Mary Lydon Simonsen, The Perfect Bride for Mr. Darcy|‎Determination, effort, and practice are rewarded with success.
Milan Kundera|I did spend a lot of time as a child very confused about whether I had a devil in me, or whether I was in a state of grace. I mean, these ideas are so potent to anybody with half an imagination.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|Oh, dear." She let her head fall back to the pillow. "There it went. I've fallen in love with you now.""Just now?" Chuckling, he came to a sitting position, resting his forearm on one bent knee. "Well, thank God for belated blessings." He ran a handthrough his hair. "It's been coming on rather longer than that for me.""What?" She sat bolt upright. "What can you mean? Since when?""From the first, Amelia. From the very first.
Russell Banks, Continental Drift|New Rule: Oil companies must stop with the advertisements implying they're friends of the environment. "At Exxon Mobil, we care about a thriving wildlife." Please--the only thing an oil executive has in common with a seagull is they'd both steal french fries from a baby.
Patrick deWitt|After my death, the molecules of my being will return to the earth and the sky. They came from the stars. I am of the stars.
Tom Piccirilli, A Choir of Ill Children|Ghosts will forever put in appearances, as they should. Our illusions have muscle and meaning. The past returns at midnight, in the heart of our dreams, and the rains and the willows forever remind us of the sacrifices we’ve offered and those we have yet to make.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Geography of You and Me|But it was different, somehow, to be reading it here, where the actual events had taken place all those hundreds of thousands of years ago. That was the thing about books, she was realizing; they could take you somewhere else entirely, it was true. But it wasn't the same thing as actually going there yourself.
Maisie A. Smikle|Rush under His armAnd feel the calmA touch of grace From His loving embraceBe still my child, He whispered softlyI have heard your cryI have heard your sighCome nigh, my childLay down your caresAnd dry your tearsCause your heavenly Father Has covered it all
Charles Dickens, Martin Chuzzlewit|Let us take heed how we laugh without reason, lest we cry with it.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|People tend to think that mathematicians always work in sterile conditions, sitting around and staring at the screen of a computer, or at a ceiling, in a pristine office. But in fact, some of the best ideas come when you least expect them, possibly through annoying industrial noise.
Jennifer Granholm|People think of Latina women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Latinas possess is strength. I'm very proud to have Latin blood.
Mickey Rivers|Ain't no sense worryin' about the things you got control over, 'cause if you got control over 'em, ain't no sense worryin'. And ain't no sense worryin' about the things you don't got control over, 'cause if you don't got control over 'em, ain't no sense worryin'.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|O woman, thou art my imperfection!
Mahalia Jackson|Out of my desire to complete Iraq's independence and to finish the withdrawal of the occupation forces from our holy lands, I am obliged to halt military operations of the honest Iraqi resistance until the withdrawal of the occupation forces is complete.
S.R. Hardy|The self may be extinguished, but there are many selves and the Will creates them.
J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death|Eve: "Keep your mind off sex"Roake: "Why? It's so happy there.
Audre Lorde|Unless one lives and loves in the trenches, it is difficult to remember that the war against dehumanization is ceaseless.
Wolfgang Petersen|Technology has forever changed the world we live in. We're online, in one way or another, all day long. Our phones and computers have become reflections of our personalities, our interests, and our identities. They hold much that is important to us.
Charmaine J Forde|Be yourself. An original is worth more than a copy.Style is King, 2008.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|Despite their exhaustion and worries, Miner and Ennek made love that night, tracing fingers and tongues over one another's marks and scars. Their bodies were like books, Ennek thought, and their stories could be read inch by inch. He hoped fervently for happy endings.
Abria Mattina, Wake|Trouble was, everyone always made talking out a problem sound like it was so simple and solved everything, but actually doing it, and securing the desired outcome without screwing up, seemed about as easy as rowing upriver with a teaspoon.
Chris Salamone, Rescue America: Our Best America Is Only One Generation Away|An undaunted author, is the one who will succeed. There is no misfortune, that can dim their optimism.
Phil Wohl, Lunch with Sam|I’d never seen him bare-chested. For the first time, he seemed vulnerable to me. His smooth, tight skin wrapped around the long muscles he’d developed over a lifetime of hard work. He found a shallow spot and sat, settling me onto his lap, holding my back to his chest. I couldn’t stop shaking and it had nothing to do with the water or with being half dressed in a cave with a boy.“Nothing else matters,” Henry said in my ear. “I’m here. Start at the beginning.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I had a renewal of mind, when I begin to read.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress: Regain Control of Your Life Using the Five Habits of Effective Stress Management|If you have ever procrastinated and then found yourself energized to complete a task at the last minute, then you have used the beneficial aspect of the fight or flight response (not the procrastinating part, but the energizing part). You see, with all its negative long term effects, the fight or flight response still gives us energy, and if we know how to use that energy, then stress is potentially good, at least in the short term.
C. JoyBell C.|I have come to accept the feeling of not knowing where I am going. And I have trained myself to love it. Because it is only when we are suspended in mid-air with no landing in sight, that we force our wings to unravel and alas begin our flight. And as we fly, we still may not know where we are going to. But the miracle is in the unfolding of the wings. You may not know where you're going, but you know that so long as you spread your wings, the winds will carry you.
William Gomes|Delicacy in shaping desires of any kind will help to reach excellence, but failure will bring disaster.
Mary Doria Russell|Writing my own novels in the '90s...I never imagined that in ten years, science and rationality would require explanation and defense in a world rocked and ruled by religious fervor. 
Milton Friedman, Free to Choose: A Personal Statement|For example, the supporters of tariffs treat it as self-evident that the creation of jobs is a desirable end, in and of itself, regardless of what the persons employed do. That is clearly wrong. If all we want are jobs, we can create any number--for example, have people dig holes and then fill them up again, or perform other useless tasks. Work is sometimes its own reward. Mostly, however, it is the price we pay to get the things we want. Our real objective is not just jobs but productive jobs--jobs that will mean more goods and services to consume.
Diablo Cody|You have to make the effort with children. You can't have them thinking that I reckon I'm special, otherwise they'll start thinking they're special. I want them to feel normal for as long as possible because God knows they'll reach an age when they'll be told they're not.
Yakov Smirnoff|In every case, the environmental hazards were made known only by independent scientists, who were often bitterly opposed by the corporations responsible for the hazards.
Louis Farrakhan|If a woman makes a unilateral decision to bring pregnancy to term, and the biological father does not, and cannot, share in this decision, he should not be liable for 21 years of support... autonomous women making independent decisions about their lives should not expect men to finance their choice.
Glenn Greenwald|The best marriages are the ones where we can go out in the world and really put ourselves out there. A lot of times we'll fail, and sometimes we'll pull it off. But good marriages are when you can go home and know that your vulnerability will be honored as courage, and that you'll find support.
Bernie Sanders|Two things form the bedrock of any open society - freedom of expression and rule of law. If you don't have those things, you don't have a free country.
Johannes Vilhelm Jensen|Was this an old disease, and, if so, which one? If it was new, what did that say about the state of medical knowledge? And in any case, how could physicians make sense of it?
Peter St. John, Gang Loyalty|Why weren't there any women in Jesus' gang?’ asked Winnifred. ‘Jesus' gang?’ echoed the vicar surprised. ‘Jesus never had a gang. Ah— you mean the Twelve.’ Winnifred nodded. The vicar looked perplexed. ‘Well, it wouldn't really have been appropriate, would it?’ ‘Why not?’ I asked. ‘It just wouldn't,’ replied the vicar, looking annoyed at my question. ‘But Jesus had a lot of girl friends,’ said Pearl. ‘He certainly didn't,’ replied the vicar, shocked. ‘But Vicar, what about Mary and Martha, the sisters of Lazarus? The Bible says that Jesus loved them,’ insisted Pearl. ‘And then there was Mary Magdalene,’ I added. ‘She wanted to hug him in Joseph's garden when he had just come out of the tomb, but Jesus told her not to touch him.’ ‘Yes— well—’ said the vicar uncertainly. ‘They were good followers of Jesus and they loved him— as we should all love him. No more questions now. We will be starting the service shortly.’ ‘Not very helpful,’ I whispered to Winnifred. ‘If Jesus had had a few women in his group of twelve, it would be much easier to know how to live with them.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|When people call it that I always get pissed off because I always think depression sounds like you just get like really sad, you get quiet and melancholy and just like sit quietly by the window sighing or just lying around. A state of not caring about anything. A kind of blue kind of peaceful state.
Thomas Sowell|Intuition is truly a feminine quality, but women should not mistake rash conclusions for this gift.
R.C. Sproul, Surprised by Suffering: The Role of Pain and Death in The Christian Life|Those who understand God's sovereignty have joy even in the midst of suffering, a joy reflected on their very faces, for they see that their suffering is not without purpose.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Being ill when you are a child or growing up is such an enchanted interlude! The outside world, the world of free time in the yard or the garden or on the street, is only a distant murmmur in the sickroom. Inside, a whole world of characters and stories proliferate out of the books you read. The fever that weakens your perception as it sharpens your imagination turns the sickroom into something new, both familiar and strange; monsters come grinning out of the patterns on the curtains and the carpet, and chairs, tables, bookcases and wardrobes burst out of their normal shapes and become mountains and buildings and ships you can almost touch although they're far away. Through the long hours of the night you have the Church clock for company and the rumble of the occasional passing car that throws it's headlights across the walls and ceilings. These are hours without sleep, which is not to say they're sleepless, because on the contrary, they're not about lack of anything, they are rich and full. Desires, memories, fears, passions form labryinths in which we lose and find then lose ourselves again. They are hours where anything is possible, good or bad.
Albert Brooks|The British health care system is a blueprint for the failure of Obamacare, as it is structured.
Arthur E. Bostwick|It takes two to make a very great career: the man who is great, and the man--almost rarer--who is great enough to see greatness and say so.
Billy Wilder, Some Like It Hot|Sometimes I think evil is a tangible thing - with wave lengths, just as sound and light have.
Henry James, Roderick Hudson|Take the word for it of a man who has made his way inch by inch, and does not believe that we'll wake up to find our work done because we've lain all night a-dreaming of it; anything worth doing is devilish hard to do!
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Yet I have come to believe that while the past is unchangeable, our perceptions of is are malleable...
Shannon L. Alder|The secret to life is to have no fear. When you can let go of what others think about you, how something is going to turn out, or how your past will affect your future, then you are finally living life free.
Abhijit Naskar|A Christian sits in his or her well and thinks that the whole world is his or her well. The Jew sits in his or her little well and thinks that it is the whole world. A Muslim sits cooped up in his or her tiny well and believes it to be the whole universe. The same goes for a Hindu and all others. Also, atheists are no different from all those orthodox believers.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Back to culture. Yes, actually to culture. You can’t consume much if you sit still and read books.
Jessica Kristie|I am the poet, you are the poem; I hold the pen, you are the words, love is the ink, silence is the blank page.
Morgan Freeman|Fatigue, discomfort, discouragement are merely symptoms of effort.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|We have every piece of data on 200 million people,” he said, ticking off his fingers. “We have their bank accounts. We know how much they make and how much they spend and where. We have their social media. We know what they talk about, who they influence and how much. We know exactly how important each and everyone one of them is.
Katelyn S. Bolds|Boredom is a lack of crazy. Its a lack of creativity. Invention. Innovation. If you're bored, blame yourself.
Debasish Mridha|Enjoy this moment, this moment is your precious life.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you must record some greatness in your account before you leave this earth, you must value time and understand the importance of time conversion.
Cecily von Ziegesar|My family has been amazing, and they understand how blessed I am. They've been able to keep my sense of humor.
Arthur Conan Doyle|You know, Watson, I don't mind confessing to you that I have always had an idea that I would have made a highly efficient criminal. --Sherlock Holmes
Elmer Pasta|After a year of therapy  my psychiatrist said to me  "Maybe life isn't for everyone."
Andre Hueston Mack|As an entrepreneur, value creation will always be your first line of defense against business failure.
Santosh Thankachan|When we become strangely silent on increasing interference of Worldly norms into Church culture and don't address it Prayerfully, Wisely and in God's Love then it will soon become a deadly snare in which not only ourselves but we will find our coming generations as well brutally trapped and suffering.
Clarence Jordan, The Substance of Faith: And Other Cotton Patch Sermons|God is not a celestial prison warden jangling the keys on a bunch of lifers--he's a shepherd seeking for sheep, a woman searching for coins, a father waiting for his son.
Denis Leary|'Sunset Boulevard' - the story of Hollywood movies draped on a depressing sex affair - is an uncompromising study of American decadence displaying a sad, worn, methodical beauty few films have had since the late twenties.
G.K. Chesterton, Fancies Versus Fads|..."vers libre," (free verse) or nine-tenths of it, is not a new metre any more than sleeping in a ditch is a new school of architecture.
Shalom Arush, Women's Wisdom: The Garden of Peace for Women|Nature" is another name for the miracles that are so commonplace in our lives that we take for granted and have grown used to seeing them.
Frank Herbert|If you simply get detach from yourself, it gets easier for you to see, how you perceive life.
T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom: A Triumph|He was, I take it, the most perfect reasoning and observing machine that the world has seen, but as a lover he would have placed himself in a false position. He never spoke of the softer passions, save with a gibe and a sneer. They were admirable things for the observer- excellent for drawing the veil from men's motives and actions. But for the trained observer to admit such intrusions into his own delicate and finely adjusted temperament was to introduce a distracting factor which might throw a doubt upon all his mental results. Grit in a sensitive instrument, or a crack in one of his own high-power lenses, would not be more disturbing than a strong emotion in a nature such as his.
Kemi Sogunle|Never shut off pain till it eats you up completely. Ensure you find someone you can confide in and trust, share your burdens, cry if you need to by letting it all out. No one is conditioned for pain. We all need to address it and let it go, knowing we cannot change the past but we can make a brighter future out of the lessons learned.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Sure I eat my feelings, but I save the emotional roller coaster for dessert
Tatsuhiko Takimoto, Welcome to the N.H.K.|If that type of bad God did exist, then we could go on living in good health. If we could push the responsibility for our misery onto God, then we would have that much more peace of mind, wouldn't we?
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|My joy is like Spring, so warmit makes flowers bloom all over the Earth.My pain is like a river of tears,so vast it fills the four oceans.Please call me by my true names,so I can hear all my cries and laughter at once,so I can see that my joy and pain are one.
Debasish Mridha|In life, if your song is wrong, find another song.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|When talented people write badly, it's generally for one of two reasons: Either they're blinded by an idea they feel compelled to prove of they're driven by an emotion they must express. When talented people write well, it is generally for this reason: They're moved by a desire to touch the audience.
Jane Cousins, To Bedevil A Beauty|Damn and double damn the man. So much for I am woman, hear me roar. More like I am gobsmacked, watch me drool.
Calvin Miller, The Words of Christ: An Every Day Journey with Jesus|After eating the world's bread, we wake each morning to remember: We are still hungry. Seek a better loaf. Eat, and never die. Taste, savor, and be filled forever.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Building and supporting these local economies is critical to our bottom line. As repeatedly proven by Building Alliances for Local Living Economies (BALLE), spending at a locally owned business on average keeps 68 out of every 100 dollars circulating within the community. When spending on things from outside our communities, however, only 43 dollars stay local.
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|Treat every connection, communication and collaboration as part of a continuous relationship.
Eric Kandel|I think America is really in denial about the degree to which residents, particularly foreign medical graduates, man the county hospitals of this country, and but for their services, I'm not sure how exactly we could manage.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|We tangle and merge. Love and let go. No one will ever know her like I do. I’ve touched every inch of skin. I’ve explored every part of her being. I love her shy when I pull her to my hips, my lap. I love her present uncertainty for things she knows how to do so fucking good. I love her pink flushed skin all over.
Sunday Adelaja|We are all blessed, but we must learn to count our blessings
Marcha A. Fox, Beyond the Hidden Sky|Dark rumblings inside told him he was in a tremendous amount of trouble. He didn't know how it was going to manifest or when but it was coming, sure as Zeta would break the horizon before everyone else arose from their sleepzone. If they hauled him away, then what?
Geoffrey Wood|For example, your man might think: I don’t steal. Maybe on my taxes, everyone does that, but not in the way I heard so and so stole from his company. See? Those men for whose opinion he cares approve of embezzlement in one area, not the other. He uses them to maintain a claim on goodness while at the same time stealing.
Paul Howlsey|The job of the politician is to speak for all people; not just for parties with vested interests, or organisations with the biggest wallets. The first people a politician should protect are those that cannot protect themselves: Those weakest and most vulnerable among us. This is, to most of us, something that seems to be an obvious statement of fact, and that may be so, but it’s also a forgotten fact. Now, today, the opposite is true. It should shame us all. It shames me. The very fact that the most poor and the most vulnerable in our society are those that are victimised and stamped upon, whereas the most wealthy and the most influential are making more profits and acquiring more assets and wealth than ever before in history, is a damning indictment of what our society has become.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|NOTHING HAS EVER LOOKED LIKE THAT EVER IN ALL OF HUMAN HISTORY,” he said. His enthusiasm was adorable. I couldn’t resist leaning over to kiss him on the cheek.“Just so you know, I’m right here,” Mom said. “Sitting next to you. Your mother. Who held your hand as you took your first infantile steps.”“It’s friendly,” I reminded her, turning to kiss her on the cheek.“Didn’t feel too friendly,” Gus mumbled just loud enough for me to hear. When surprised and excited and innocent Gus emerged from Grand Gesture Metaphorically Inclined Augustus, I literally could not resist.
Tony Samara|Within each of us is a light, awake, encoded in the fibers of our existence. Divine ecstasy is the totality of this marvelous creation experienced in the hearts of humanity
Taylor  Brown, Fallen Land|If a functional gene becomes a pseudogene, its product will no longer be available to the biochemical pathways in which it formerly participated. The transformation of a gene to a pseudogene will not have catastrophic consequences if the biochemical pathways in which its product formerly participated are redundantly complex—other products can take over the role of the missing product. Perhaps not as efficiently, but efficiency is something that can be improved by selection. In this way, redundant scaffolding can be reduced, ultimately to the point where a system or pathway is irreducibly complex.
Chuck Schumer|Well, a lot of people don't know this about me, but I'm actually shy around people I don't know. I would just say with my first concert, my first tour, I didn't really talk onstage. I was like, 'Thank you, I love you guys,' or whatever. But now I've just kind of learned to work a crowd.
Auliq Ice|You don’t fuck with fate, Oz, because she’ll ass-rape you with no lube, wearing a spiked dildo.
Naomi Alderman, Doctor Who: Borrowed Time|The thing about the Lexington International Bank ladder was that it was very long, and climbing it was very exhausting, and so Andrew Brown didn't have a lot of time to think about whether he really wanted to get to the top of it—and besides, since so many other people were climbing too, the view from the top must be worth it.So he kept going. He worked hard. He put his heart and mind and soul into it. There was an opening for a position half a rung higher than he already was. With a promotion, he might get two hours a week of a secretary's time. He'd go to more important meetings, with more senior people, and have the opportunity to impress them, and if he did he might be promoted again and then... well, of course eventually he'd be running the whole office. It's important to have a dream: otherwise you might notice where you really are.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes son?" God replied."Why does man have so many religions?" Jesus asked."It's because they all have different beliefs," God said."Why?" Jesus asked."It's because they have a free mind. It's up to them to choose what they wish to believe in," God said."But, what if they forget about you?" Jesus asked his dad.God replied, "Even though they may forget about me, they will always remember me. Would you ever forget me?" God asked."Never!" said Jesus, "How could I ever forget my father?""Exactly! And so it is for them," God added.
Ronald Reagan|It's simple, if it jiggles, it's fat.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|With the muscles of our body, we can lift and move heavy things. With the muscle of integrity, we can turn intention into powerful action. That’s how we can earn trust from our conscience, and can truly believe in ourselves.
Barry Zito|Famous people are deceptive. Deep down, they're just regular people. Like Larry King. We've been friends for forty years. He's one of the few guys I know who's really famous. One minute he's talking to the president on his cell phone, and then the next minute he's saying to me, 'Do you think we ought to give the waiter another dollar?'
Paul Beatty, Slumberland|Look, dude, you've sampled your life, mixed those sounds with a funk precedent, and established a sixteen-bar system of government for the entire rhythm nation. Set the Dj up as the executive, the legislative, and judicial branches. I mean, after listening to your beat, anything I've heard on the pop radio in the last five years feels like a violation of my civil rights.
Rob MacGregor, Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade|All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman, and a pretty girl.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms: The Play|Encouragement from any source is like a drop of rain upon a parched desert. Thanks to all the many others who rained on me when I needed it, and even when I foolishly thought I didn't.(acknowledgements in The P.U.R.E.)
Rachel Higginson|[O]ne cannot separate violence from the very exist­ ence of the state (as the apparatus of class domination): from the standpoint of the'subordinated and oppressed, the very existence of a state is a fact of violence (in the same sense in which, for example, Robespierre said, in his justification of the regicide, that one does not have to prove that the king committed any specific crimes, since the very existence of the king is a crime, an offence against the freedom of the people). In this strict sense, every violence of the oppressed against the ruling class and its state is ultimately ‘defensive’. If we do not concede this point, we volens nolens ‘normalize’ the state and accept that its violence is merely a matter of contin­ gent excesses (to be dealt with through democratic reforms).
Diana Wynne Jones, Witch Week|Charles realized that if he were going to apologize to Chrestomanci, he had better do it at once. He turned around to say it. But the folds had already rippled flat and nothing was the same anymore....
Dada Bhagwan|When you do not bother anyone at night, does anyone bother you? No one scolds you at night, do they? During the daytime, you create interferences, and that is why you suffer. Nature’s law is such that not a single difficulty will affect you, provided you do not interfere. All that affects you is your own interferences.
Doug Aitken|My writing is a combination of three elements. The first is travel: not travel like a tourist, but travel as exploration. The second is reading literature on the subject. The third is reflection.
Janette Rallison, Just One Wish|We both smile at the classic misunderstanding. It’s all so cliché-ridden, it’s embarrassing. I wish our story could have some more original twists and turns. Maybe one of us will turn into a vampire or something.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Deep grief sometimes is almost like a specific location, a coordinate on a map of time. When you are standing in that forest of sorrow, you cannot imagine that you could ever find your way to a better place. But if someone can assure you that they themselves have stood in that same place, and now have moved on, sometimes this will bring hope
Alex Avrio, The Alchemist's Box|When you fall into the gutter you tell yourself that you can climb out. Then you notice that you’re covered in filth but you still think that you can get out. But the smell seeps into your soul and is always there with you. All you need is someone else to look at you differently, talk to you like you’re someone that matters and extend a hand. Only then can you climb into the gutter.
Francis Beaumont|There's no bad consequence to loving fully, with all your heart. You always gain by giving love.
Jeffrey Chiesa|From your confessor, lawyer and physician, hide not your case on no condition.
Saul Bellow, Humboldt's Gift|Boredom is a form of evil; perhaps one of Kierkegaard's characters was more correct when he said, "Boredom is the root of all evil." Boredom is a preview of death, if not itself a form of death, and when trapped in prolonged boredom, even the most saintly of us will hope for, pray for, or even engineer relief, however demonic.
Timothy Leary|I declare that The Beatles are mutants. Prototypes of evolutionary agents sent by God, endowed with a mysterious power to create a new human species, a young race of laughing freemen.
Douglas Wilson, Black & Tan: A Collection of Essays and Excursions on Slavery, Culture War, and Scripture in America|...if the Democrats suggested a plan to burn down the Capitol building, the Republicans would counter with a plan to do it over the course of three years.
Hank Aaron|Reading makes immigrants of us all. It takes us away from home, but more important, it finds homes for us everywhere.
Dov Seidman, How: Why How We Do Anything Means Everything...in Business|Give freely, love fully, and play with fervor! Don’t put so many conditioned rules on your happiness. Life can be a beautiful experience if we allow it.
Bret Easton Ellis, Glamorama|He is not my focus," Diana told writer Rodney Tyler of Arne. "He’s my husband, my companion, my lover, my confidant. But not my focus. I wasn’t lost, then found by Arne. I was single and met a wonderful man and we enjoyed each other’s company and enjoyed our times together. So it was not lost and found. That’s crap. I have never been lost.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|We can understand the inherent radiance & purity of our minds by understanding metta. Like the mind, metta is not distorted by what it encounters.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, Bhagavad-Gita As It Is|The solitary speaks."One receives as a reward for much ennui , ill-humour and boredom, such as a solitude without friends, books, duties or passions must entail, one harvests those quarters of an hour of the deepest immersion in oneself and nature. He who completely entrenches himself against boredom also entrenches himself against himself: he will never get to drink the most potent refreshing draught from the deepest well of his own being.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To own something and not be aware of it could not only be annoying, but fatal too. That is why most people had all the time but did nothing with it. They died leaving behind no invention or product that they could be remembered for.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|We're taking you to the hospital,' it said, 'you're going into shock. Can you tell us how you 
Michael  Jackson, Moonwalk|And indeed there is little opportunity for the old and poor to sin, except to doubt God’s goodness, and if God cannot understand why we doubt that, then he is not as wise as his priests think, heh heh heh . . .
Téa Obreht|Knowing, above all, that I would come looking, and find what he had left for me, all that remained of The Jungle Book in the pocket of his doctor’s coat, that folder-up, yellowed page torn from the back of the book, with a bristle of thick, coarse hairs clenced inside. Galina, says my grandfather’s handwriting, above and below a child’s drawing of the tiger, who is curved like the blade of a scimitar across the page. Galina, it says, and that is how I know to find him again, in Galina, in the story he hadn’t told me but perhaps wished he had.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|How often do I stand in abject terror and raw trepidation before the impossible peaks that soar to impossible heights in front me, when God turns to me and calmly says “what mountains?
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|He is so rich, he has no room to shit.
George Denison Prentice|If there had been an exercise I'd liked, would I have gotten this big in the first place?
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|All human beings are alone. No other person will completely feel like we do, think like we do, act like we do. Each of us is unique, and our aloneness is the other side of our uniqueness. The question is whether we let our aloneness become loneliness or whether we allow it to lead us into solitude. Loneliness is painful; solitude is peaceful. Loneliness makes us cling to others in desperation; solitude allows us to respect others in their uniqueness and create community.Letting our aloneness grow into solitude and not into loneliness is a lifelong struggle. It requires conscious choices about whom to be with, what to study, how to pray, and when we ask for counsel. But wise choices will help us to find the solitude where our hearts can grow in love.
A.J. Ayer, Bertrand Russell|Consciousness is the chronic pain of life, and all higher organisms suffer it every waking moment.
Eric Hobsbawm, How to Change the World: Marx and Marxism 1840-2011|It is an irony of history that the first and greatest success of scientists in persuading governments of the indispensability of modern scientific theory to society was in the war against fascism. It is an even greater and more tragic irony that it was anti-fascist scientists who convinced the American government of the feasibility and necessity of manufacturing nuclear arms, which were then constructed by an international team of largely anti-fascist scientists.
Sanober  Khan|Poetry is not difficult. If you possess one of the five senses, poetry is in it. If you can compose text message, tweet or Facebook status, you can write poetry. If you can rap a song, you can rhyme poetry. If you can memorise a prayer, you can recite poetry. If you struggle to make sense of formatted text, poetry is your call.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|Mainly, though, the Democratic Party has become the party of reaction. In reaction to a war that is ill conceived, we appear suspicious of all military action. In reaction to those who proclaim the market can cure all ills, we resist efforts to use market principles to tackle pressing problems. In reaction to religious overreach, we equate tolerance with secularism, and forfeit the moral language that would help infuse our policies with a larger meaning. We lose elections and hope for the courts to foil Republican plans. We lost the courts and wait for a White House scandal.And increasingly we feel the need to match the Republican right in stridency and hardball tactics. The accepted wisdom that drives many advocacy groups and Democratic activists these days goes like this: The Republican Party has been able to consistently win elections not by expanding its base but by vilifying Democrats, driving wedges into the electorate, energizing its right wing, and disciplining those who stray from the party line. If the Democrats ever want to get back into power, then they will have to take up the same approach....Ultimately, though, I believe any attempt by Democrats to pursue a more sharply partisan and ideological strategy misapprehends the moment we're in. I am convinced that whenever we exaggerate or demonize, oversimplify or overstate our case, we lose. Whenever we dumb down the political debate, we lose. For it's precisely the pursuit of ideological purity, the rigid orthodoxy and the sheer predictability of our current political debate, that keeps us from finding new ways to meet the challenges we face as a country. It's what keeps us locked in "either/or" thinking: the notion that we can have only big government or no government; the assumption that we must either tolerate forty-six million without health insurance or embrace "socialized medicine". It is such doctrinaire thinking and stark partisanship that have turned Americans off of politics. 
Lydia Rodriguez-Clement|No matter who you are, or what side of the tracks society thinks you are from, if you wake up wanting to write, then do what you must to write.
Papaji|They say when you really love someone, you should be willing to set them free. So that is what I am doing. I will step back and you will move on. I will let you go. ... Your happiness means everything to me. I will listen for your voice in the distance. I will look at the moon. I will keep you in my pocket. I will carry your smile with me everywhere, like a warm and comforting glow.
Molly Ivins|I'm so proud of my Chinese ancestry, but I was born and raised in America, and I really believe in American values, our American system, our freedom, our liberties.
Sami Abouzid|It is the curse to search you in every person I meet, the curse with no cure
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|To be psychologically healthy, we have to believe that what we do has some effect on what happens to us. Even if the perception of control is delusional, it usually leads to more productive action than believing that what we do makes no difference.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|To keep myself from harming or calling N and to stave off the rage and despair, I focus on my extraordinary son, drink midrange Chardonnay every night after he is asleep, and make a barrage of late-night mail-order retail purchases placed from the couch. The couch has officially become my second battle station. I am angry and I have credit And I´m all blackened inside; I should wear a pointy witch hat around Larkspur as I go to the bank and drop A off at day care. It would be more honest.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|And the voice spoke even more deliberately: '...but remember what is under the ocean of clouds: eternity.'And suddenly that tranquil world, the world of such simple harmony that you discover as you rise above the clouds, took on an unfamiliar quality in my eyes. All that gentleness became a trap. In my mind's eye I saw that vast white trap laid out, right under my feet. Beneath it reigned neither the restlessness of men nor the living tumult and motion of cities, as one might have thought, but a silence that was even more absolute, a more final peace. That viscous whiteness was turning before my eyes into the boundary between the real and the unreal, between the known and the unknowable. And I was already beginning to sense that a spectacle has no meaning except when seen through a culture, a civilization, a professional craft.
Amelia Atwater-Rhodes, Hawksong|My prayer is simple my dear one, my dear one. May you never need understand. My prayer is for peacetime, my child, my child. Live it well and this life can be grand.
Neil Peart|I want to work with kids and help develop them, show them the right way, the right morals and attitude into how to become a better footballer. Australia has many different cultures but I'd like to bring in the indigenous style, bring their competitiveness, athleticism and raw ability into the frame.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A principled life begins by accepting the evident truth that we must die. Death becomes us. Knowledge of the impermanence of our existence reassures us that how we live does make a difference. Because our allotted time for living is finite, we must make the most of each day.
Angie karan|When it is mid week, pause and ponder! The very single days we disregard are what become the very years we wished to have used effectively and efficiently. If we disregard today, we shall remember our had I know tomorrow. Time changes therefore think of the changing times.
C.B. Lee, Not Your Sidekick|No matter how right or how beautiful your path is, never try to impose your path on others! Remember that flowers by no means pull bees by force to their world! Your path is your poem; if people like your poem, they will fondly join you in your path!
Sonam Kapoor|I'm in love with red. I think it's such a passionate color. Every flag of every country pretty much has red it it. It's power, there's no fence sitting with red. Either you love it or you don't. I think its blood and strength and life. I do love red. I love all colors. Great shades of blue, you find them in nature. They're all magic.
L.A. Kennedy|Mad cow disease? A crazy hunger for blood. There had to be a reasonable explanation for all of this. And there's no such thing as vampires, right?
Cindy Gerard, To the Brink|There are definite advantages to single beds." He sat up abruptly and arranged her legs around his waist. "Makes cuddling mandatory.
Pablo Escobar|Psychedelics show you what’s in and on your mind, those subconscious thoughts and feelings that are are hidden, covered up, forgotten, out of sight, maybe even completely unexpected, but nevertheless imminently present. Depending upon set and setting, the same drug, at the same dose, can cause vastly different responses in the same person. One day, very little happens; another day, you soar, full of ecstatic and insightful discoveries; the next, you struggle through a terrifying nightmare. The generic nature of psychedelic, a term wide open to interpretation, suits these effects.
Marie Curie|Our uniqueness, our individuality, and our life experience molds us into fascinating beings. I hope we can embrace that. I pray we may all challenge ourselves to delve into the deepest resources of our hearts to cultivate an atmosphere of understanding, acceptance, tolerance, and compassion. We are all in this life together.
Nancy  Ash|When you let Soul drive the bus, life flows more effortlessly. -- From the book, Doing a 360, page 8
Rachelle Doorley, Tinkerlab: A Hands-On Guide for Little Inventors|The culture of making is more about a mindset than a lifestyle. Makers have a curiosity for the built world around them. Understanding where things come from, how they are made, the potential of their function now and beyond, and what it takes to make something not only provides a context to appreciate the object at hand but is essential to imagining infinite possibilities for the future.
Colin   Cameron|All people express a fondness for truth and sincerity, yet many people prefer to live with their illusions and delusions. A person’s sincere desire to believe only what is true oftentimes does not trump their ingrained resistance to truths that fail to coincide with their deeply held desires. People reject truth because it undercuts what they wish was true and despise or discredit anyone whom offers a different version of truth than they are prepared to accept.
Amos Bronson Alcott|For an economic recovery program to be effective, it must not only create a short-term economic boost but also generate lasting value. Home Star would accomplish that by breaking down the key barrier between homeowners and money-saving retrofits: upfront costs.
N.T. Wright, The Challenge of Jesus: Rediscovering Who Jesus Was and Is|Our task as image-bearing, God-loving, Christ-shaped, Spirit-filled Christians, following Christ and shaping our world, is to announce redemption to a world that has discovered its fallenness, to announce healing to a world that has discovered its brokenness, to proclaim love and trust to a world that knows only exploitation, fear and suspicion...The gospel of Jesus points us and indeed urges us to be at the leading edge of the whole culture, articulating in story and music and art and philosophy and education and poetry and politics and theology and even--heaven help us--Biblical studies, a worldview that will mount the historically-rooted Christian challenge to both modernity and postmodernity, leading the way...with joy and humor and gentleness and good judgment and true wisdom. I believe if we face the question, "if not now, then when?" if we are grasped by this vision we may also hear the question, "if not us, then who?" And if the gospel of Jesus is not the key to this task, then what is?
Katie Macvinsky|He always told me to look strong, even if I didn't feel it, because sometimes, that's all you can do.
Akshay Vasu|I don't want to swim on the surface anymore and I never want to pretend again that I know you completely. Let me dive deep inside you, take me in and allow me to look into your secrets, make me feel every breath I take and crave for it more. Carry me to your darker side where you are afraid to allow anyone. Pull me deep inside and make me one of your secrets.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|There's nothing fundamentally wrong with people. Given a story to enact that puts them in accord with the world, they will live in accord with the world. But given a story to enact that puts them at odds with the world, as yours does, they will live at odds with the world. Given a story to enact in which they are the lords of the world, they will ACT like lords of the world. And, given a story to enact in which the world is a foe to be conquered, they will conquer it like a foe, and one day, inevitably, their foe will lie bleeding to death at their feet, as the world is now.
Alasdair MacIntyre, After Virtue: A Study in Moral Theory|The superstitious know how to reproach people for their vices better than they know how to teach them virtues, and they strive, not to guide men by reason, but to restrain them by fear, so that they flee the evil rather than love virtues. Such people aim only to make others as wretched as they themselves are, so it is no wonder that they are generally burdensome and hateful to men.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|You cannot be a positive influence to the “sinners at the table" if you refuse to dine with them.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Whether you job involves chasing criminals, crouching numbers, or wrestling with paperwork, learning how to recognize and rely on those hunches and gut feelings can dramatically improve your job performance.
Janice Clark, The Rathbones|If we don't cherish those who stay near, what do we have? Only longing.
George Sand|…. by the time they have reached the middle of their life’s journey, few people remember how they have managed to arrive at themselves, at their amusements, their point of view, their wife, character, occupation and successes, but they cannot help feeling that not much is likely to change anymore. It might even be asserted that they have been cheated, for one can nowhere discover any sufficient reason for everything’s coming about as it has. It might just have well as turned out differently. The events of people’s lives have, after all, only to the last degree originated in them, having generally depended on all sorts of circumstances such as the moods, the life or death of quite different people, and have, as it were, only at the given point of time come hurrying towards them
Ralph Moody, Shaking the Nickel Bush|When your ex says "I miss you", that means the person they tried to replace you with has failed.
Elizabeth Warren|When my first semester grades came out, my mom and dad told me I wouldn't be playing football.
Joelle Charbonneau, Need|Like hot foodI love youlike warmbread & coldcuts, buttersammichesor, days later, afterThanksgivingwhen I wantwhatever's left
C. JoyBell C.|One man in a thousand, Solomon says.Will stick more close than a brother.And it's worth while seeking him half your daysIf you find him before the other.---The Thousandth Man
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|Imagine what you are writing about. See it and live it. Do not think it up laboriously, as if you were working out mental arithmetic. Just look at it, touch it, smell it, listen to it, turn yourself into it. When you do this, the words look after themselves, like magic.
Robert E.  Davis, IT Auditing: IT Governance|Developing and implementing IT governance design effectiveness and efficiency can be a multidirectional, interactive, iterative, and adaptive process.
Clay Clark|Derive happiness in oneself from a good day's work, from illuminating the fog that surrounds us.
Stewart O'Nan, Emily, Alone|Her address book confirmed it, the pages inhabited equally by the living and the dead....Each name called up raucous dinner parties and gin-and-tonics on sunny patios, lazy Saturday afternoons at the swim club, station wagons filled with noisy boys in polyester baseball uniforms.
John Grisham, The Racketeer|After eight days in the sun of the Virgin Islands her skin was brown enough and her hair was returning to its natural colour. She walked miles up and down the beaches and ate nothing except fish and fruit. She slept a lot the first few days.She looked at her wrist and then remembered that her watch was in a bag somewhere. She didn't need it here. She woke with the sun and went to bed after dark. But now she was waiting, so she had looked at her wrist.It was almost dark when the taxi stopped at the end of the small road. He got out, paid the driver and looked at the lights as the car disappeared back up the road. He had one bag. He could see a light from the house between the trees at the edge of the beach, and he walked towards it. He didn't know what to expect. He knew how he felt about her, but did she feel the same?She was waiting at the back of the house, looking out to sea, with a drink in her hand. She smiled at him, put down her drink and let him come to her.They kissed for a long minute. 'You're late,' she said.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie|Forgive others, not because they deserve forgiveness, but because you deserve peace.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|There exists only a mechanism by which meaning flows from intangible mind element into real event – and when you see that, all the postulated structures and cosmologies, built only of concepts, dissipate like yesterday’s weather.
Abraham Lincoln|Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|…this is the problem with photographs. After a while, you can’t remember if you’re recalling the actual memory or the memory of the photograph. Or perhaps the photograph is the only reason you remember that moment. (p.85)
Sophocles, Antigone|I'm not even going to tell you what I think about what just happened in there. But I know it sucked and I have no idea why you aren't crying right now, but I know your heart hurts, and maybe even your pride. So fuck school. We’re going for ice cream.
Nick Bilton|Do you realize it’s been only a century that we’ve been able to go from house to car to office to car to wherever, with the heater on, and the defroster on, protected from the rain and the cold? It hasn’t been much longer than that we’ve had lighting for streets. Think of all that darkness, all that world out there, all that mystery that we’ve turned into well-lighted concrete bunkers, safe and warm and dull.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|She did not understand the beauty he found in her, through touch upon her living secret body, almost the ecstasy of beauty. For passion alone is awake to it. And when passion is dead, or absent, then the magnificent throb of beauty is incomprehensible and even a little despicable; warm, live beauty of contact, so much deeper than the beauty of vision.
Paul Collier, The Bottom Billion: Why the Poorest Countries Are Failing and What Can Be Done About It|Without an informed electorate, politicians will continue to use the bottom billion merely for photo opportunities, rather than promoting real transformation.
Cormac McCarthy|Gilbert?"Some days I hate all those who know my name.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|And so this letter endswith no sadness:my feet are firm upon the earth,my hand writes this letter on the road,and in the midst of life I shall bealwaysbeside the friend, facing the enemy,with your name on my mouthand a kiss that neverbroke away from yours.
David Eddings, King of the Murgos|Any time there's something so ridiculously dangerous that no rational human being would try it, they send for me.' --Garion
Voltaire|If God had wanted me otherwise, He would have created me otherwise.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Claire started to follow, but Shane's grip on her arm had tightened, and he was holding her back."What?" she asked, and turned to face him. God, he looked amazing. He needed to let Eve dress him all the time."Before we go in," he said, and bent and kissed her. Claire distantly heard the whistles and catcalls of the shot drinkers -- distantly, because the kiss was sweet and hot and wild, and there was something crazy in it that made her just quiver i
Marta Kristen|It's like real life: We don't get a preview of what's coming up, thank God, and we don't build our own character from what we're going to be informed with in the future.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Consistency in leadership means everyone knows what to expect from you or in dealing with you. It is the quality that draws respect and value towards a leadership brand. This also means you have the discipline to stick to your principles and values regardless of challenges or consequences, and you prove this over a long period of time.
James Howe, The Misfits|The children start school now in August. They say it has to do with air-conditioning, but I know sadism when I see it.
Gregory J. Boyle, Tattoos on the Heart: The Power of Boundless Compassion|No daylight to separate us.Only kinship. Inching ourselves closer to creating a community of kinship such that God might recognize it. Soon we imagine, with God, this circle of compassion. Then we imagine no one standing outside of that circle, moving ourselves closer to the margins so that the margins themselves will be erased. We stand there with those whose dignity has been denied. We locate ourselves with the poor and the powerless and the voiceless. At the edges, we join the easily despised and the readily left out. We stand with the demonized so that the demonizing will stop. We situate ourselves right next to the disposable so that the day will come when we stop throwing people away.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|Its little wonder anxiety, depression and other mental illness is at such a high point at this time in the world; people have little control over the mental capacities, of their thoughts, perceptions, feelings and emotions. People never get a moments silence from the constant bombardment and when they do they don’t know how to manage their thoughts so the endless barrage of noise simply continues giving them no time or space for clarity.
Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia|When my husband died, people kept telling me not to cry. People kept trying to help me to forget. But I didn't want to forget... So I realize, that if it's hard for me, how much harder it must be for you.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|You know, Sage, Jesus didn't tell us to forgive everyone. He said turn the other cheek, but only if you the one who was hit. Even the Lord's Prayer says it loud and clear: Forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us. Not others. What Jesus challenges us to do is to let go of the wrong done to you personally, not the wrong done to someone else. But most Christians incorrectly assume that this means that being a good christian means forgiving all sins, and the sinners.
Mark Anthony Jarman, Salvage King, YA!: A Herky-Jerky Picaresque|here was no way of knowing what path he would take from there, but in order to survive as a human being, he was sure to arrive at the fate of having to incur the dislike of other human beings. When that time came, he would probably clothe himself inconspicuously, so as not to attract attention, and beggarlike, linger about the market places of man, in search of something.
Vishwanath S J|For twenty years and more the whole planet had been bombed, raped, ravaged, and gouged by people whose fury had so exceeded their judgment that the only thing they could think of to do to express their discontent was to kill somebody.
Anthony Storr, Solitude: A Return to the Self|The ecstatic state of wholeness is bound to be transient because it has no part in the total pattern of ‘adaptation through maladaptation’ which is characteristic of our species…the hunger of imagination, the desire and pursuit of the whole, take origin from the realization that something is missing, from awareness of incompleteness.
Leslie Starr O'Hara, The Doublespeak Dictionary: Your Guide to the Euphemisms, Dysphemisms, and Other Linguistic Contrivances of the State|terrorism n.Violence for political purposes or the politically motivated threat of violence which, either intentionally or unintentionally, challenges the state's monopoly on political violence.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|As far as I was concerned, a little danger of head-shrinking is a small price to pay in return for a people who have remained true to an ancient code.
Sami Abouzid|Many Words Of Love are Spoken, Many Hearts Still Broken, Many Promises Were Meant To Last Forever Girl.
Michael Rittenhouse, Sex: What Your Parents Didn't Tell You|I was attracted to girly boys and boyish girls, or girls who later became boys. Boy were always going to be part of the equation.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|You’ve given up on yourself before anyone else has a chance to.”Silence greeted me.I could feel Rider’s stare on me. Several moments passed. “That’s bullshit, and kind of priceless coming from you. You gave up on me yesterday.”I started to defend myself, but I couldn’t. I swallowed hard. “I know. You’re right about that, but I’m also right.”“And how’s that?” Challenge hardened his tone.“Because I give up on myself on a daily basis,” I admitted. My cheeks heated but I continued. “I know.”He sucked in an audible breath. “Mallory...”I shook my head as I thought about all the conflicting emotions and needs and wants. “It’s true. It’s what I do. I don’t mean to. Or maybe I do. It’s...it’s easier being scared of everything.”“How...how can that be?” His voice softened. “How can that be easier?”My smile was faint. Suddenly, I really wished I was at home, with my head under the blankets. “You can’t fail when you don’t really try, right? You’d know that.
Rick Yancey|The illusion of free will is so strong in my mind that I can't get away from it, but I believe it is only an illusion. But it is an illusion which is one of the strongest motives of my actions. Before I do anything I feel that I have a choice, and that influences what I do; but afterwards, when the thing is done, I believe it was inevitable from all eternity.''What do you deduce from that?''Why merely the futility of regret. It's no good crying over spilt milk, because all the forces of the universe were bent on spilling it.
Kenya Wright, Escape|Lay down, please.” Samuel’s voice stroked my ears like a man seducing his lover after they’d suffered a long absence.
A.J. Sky, Firestorm: Part 3|With a heart of furious fanciesWhereof I am commander:With a burning spear,And a horse of air,To the wilderness I wander...
Debasish Mridha|Let us fill our mind with kindness, heart with love, and life with joy.
Claire Tomalin|Fiction is supposed to be immersive and supposed to be entertaining and narrative, so structures have to be buried a little bit. If they come foregrounded too much, it stops being fiction and starts being poetry - something more concrete and out of time.
Robert Benchley|Every time I took a long leave from home, I felt as if I were going to conquer the world. Or rather, take possession of what is my birthright, my inheritance.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|The way Mom saw it, women should let menfolk do the work because it made them feel more manly. That notion only made sense if you had a strong man willing to step up and get things done, and between Dad's gimp, Buster's elaborate excuses, and Apache's tendency to disappear, it was often up to me to keep the place from falling apart. But even when everyone was pitching in, we never got out from under all the work. I loved that ranch, though sometimes it did seem that instead of us owning the place, the place owned us.
Anne Carson, Grief Lessons: Four Plays by Euripides|Now every mortal has painand sweat is constant,but if there is anything dearer than being alive,it's dark to me.We humans seem disastrously in love with this thing(whatever it is) that glitters on the earth--we call it life. We know no other.The underworld's a blankand all the rest just fantasy.
E.J. Eisman|I'd often slip and fall on the ice after last call, which explained the ever-present welts. If I were with a woman, I'd usually execute a precautionary vomit in the men's room in an effort avoid any ugly incidents once I got her back to her place. And they say chivalry is dead.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Sometimes I try to erase myself. And then, if I've done a good job, I'm erased. I'm nothing. And then the world is free to flow into me like water into an empty bowl. And I see. I hear. But not with eyes and ears. I'm not outside my world anymore, and I'm not really inside it either. The thing is, there's no difference between me and the universe. The boundary is gone. I am it and it is me. I am a stone, a cactus thorn. I am rain.
Matthew Pearl, The Last Bookaneer|An obscure character by the name of Belial. He is interpreted as a minion of the devil by some scholars, but that is wrong. It is ignorance. The name means, literally speaking, 'one who cannot be yoked,' and it is really every one of us who takes control of our own destiny while others blow in the wind. We may be punished for it, but we would never do it another way. We are all Belials.
Wilfrid Laurier|While neurological studies have tried to identify components responsible for fear and greed, the impact on finance is less clear.
Dov Seidman, How: Why How We Do Anything Means Everything...in Business|The moment you start building or doing stuff beyond your knowledge, soon you will end up by demanding time.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When standing face to face with myself, I far too often refuse to look in the mirror. When standing face to face with God, there is no place where a mirror is not.
Étienne Gilson|Through having different conversations, I have 'real-eyesed' how common and easy it is to make decisions based on unquestioned belief systems, traditions and concepts we were raised with...by the very same humans who followed the exact same unquestioned patterns.These conditions govern our lives in EVERY way imaginable.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|If I do not feel a sense of joy in God's creation, if I forget to offer the world back to God with thankfulness, I have advanced very little upon the Way. I have not yet learnt to be truly human. For it is only through thanksgiving that I can become myself.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You got to die for 'It'. Or you'll remain a religious nutcase. In other words, a dickhead, nitwit.
Khaled Hosseini|I entered the literary world, really, from outside. My entire background has been in sciences; I was a biology major in college, then went to medical school. I've never had any formal training in writing.
Akiroq Brost|Silence speaks volumes, especially is you're quietly listening.
Sorin Cerin|The ending can only start with the beginning and end with self estrangement, as to become once again his own/old self. This is why every man is a continuous ending. 
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|I've never wanted more, until I met you.
Thomas Ligotti, Noctuary|I seem to see ahead, in a kind of way. I know we are going to take a very long road, into darkness; but I know I can't turn back.
Stacey Culpepper|Once, a few years earlier, Jules had gone to see a play at Ash’s theater, and afterward, during the “talkback,” when the audience asked questions of the playwright and of Ash, who’d directed the production, a woman stood up and said, “This one is for Ms. Wolf. My daughter wants to be a director too. She’s applying to graduate school in directing, but I know very well that there are no jobs, and that she’s probably only going to have her dreams dashed. Shouldn’t I encourage her to do something else, to find some other field she can get into before too much time goes by?” And Ash had said to that mother, “Well, if she’s thinking about going into directing, she has to really, really want it. That’s the first thing. Because if she doesn’t, then there’s no point in putting herself through all of this, because it’s incredibly hard and dispiriting. But if she does really, really want it, and if she seems to have a talent for it, then I think you should tell her, ‘That’s wonderful.’ Because the truth is, the world will probably whittle your daughter down. But a mother never should.
Aileen Rose, Master Wolf|I’m wondering how long I have to deal with this bullshit before I can brief my troops. Oh, and I gotta feed my goldfish. Let’s get this straight, Blondie—”“Blondie?”“That’s an insult, not a pet name.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|In searching for myself, I have created myself.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|We are, or rather our natural desire to evade pain and to attain pleasure is, the primary reason we do or say every single thing we do or say.
Vaclav Havel|My hope for my children must be that they respond to the still, small voice of God in their own hearts.
Augustine of Hippo|If you understood him, it would not be God.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|A stubborn refusal of the conditions of 20th Century 'reality', surrealism has denied intransigently and consistently that modern man can live without a sense of wonder at the world that was once embodied in myth. In approaching literature, it has aimed at restoring to the word its magical qualities. And at giving back to language the elemental power it once had within society. This determinism lies at the heart of the surrealist attitude and distinguishes it radically from the modernism which took shape contemporaneously with it.
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|I saw how greatly he suffered the requirement of being clever. It separated him from his soul, and it didn’t get him anything other than a living.
Nora Roberts, Jewels of the Sun|And here she was, an old woman now, living and hoping, keeping faith, afraid of evil, full of anxiety for the living and an equal concern for the dead; here she was, looking at the ruins of her home, admiring the spring sky without knowing that she was admiring it, wondering why the future of those she loved was so obscure and the past so full of mistakes, not realizing that this very obscurity and unhappiness concealed a strange hope and clarity, not realizing that in the depths of her soul she already knew the meaning of both her own life and the lives of her nearest and dearest, not realizing that even though neither she herself nor any of them could tell what was in store, even though they all knew only too well that at times like these no man can forge his own happiness and that fate alone has the power to pardon and chastise, to raise up to glory and to plunge into need, to reduce a man to labour- camp dust, nevertheless neither fate, nor history, nor the anger of the State, nor the glory or infamy of battle has any power to affect those who call themselves human beings. No, whatever life holds in store – hard-won glory, poverty and despair, or death in a labour camp – they will live as human beings and die as human beings, the same as those who have already perished; and in this alone lies man's eternal and bitter victory over all the grandiose and inhuman forces that ever have been or will be.
Vikram Seth|Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
Elizabeth Bourgeret, Pillow Talk: Connecting More Deeply to the One You Love- One Question at a Time|Communication, intimacy and trust. Three of the most important ingredients that make a relationship last. Not the only ingredients, of course, but without these main staples, a couple can stay together but the relationship will end up being hollow, never reaching that deeper meaning that was created specifically for two people in love.
Bill Gates|At the highest levels of the medical cartel, vaccines are a top priority because they cause a weakening of the immune system. I know that may be hard to accept, but its true. The medical cartel, at the highest level, is not out to help people, it is out to harm them, to weaken them. To kill them. At one point in my career, I had a long conversation with a man who occupied a high government position in an African nation. He told me that he was well aware of this. He told me that WHO is a front for these depopulation interests
Wess Stafford, Too Small to Ignore: Why Children Are the Next Big Thing|The art of hearing what somebody has to say is actually, listening.
Elizabeth Montagu|Women have the right to say: this is surface, this falsifies reality, this degrades.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|All my life and all my experience, the events that have befallen me, the people I have known, all my memories, dreams, fantasies, everything I have ever read, all of that has been chucked onto the compost heap, where over time it has rotted down to a dark, rich, organic mulch. The process of cellular breakdown makes it unrecognizable. Other people call it the imagination. I think of it as a compost heap. Every so often I take an idea, plant it in the compost, and wait. It feeds on the black stuff that used to be a life, takes its energy for its own. It germinates,. Takes root. Produces shoots. And so on and so forth, until one fine day I have a story, or a novel....Readers are fools. They believe all writing is autobiographical. And so it is, but not in the way they think. The writer's life needs time to rot away before it can be used to nourish a work of fiction. It must be allowed to decay.
Aanchal Malhotra, Remnants of a Separation: A History of the Partition through Material Memory|He could not help but admire his posters every time he saw them---the son of a rickshaw puller, now the chief of a prominent political party in this town, who was expected to win by an unprecedented margin of votes in the coming elections. There were many people in the party who begrudged his presence, his power, but they could do nothing. The people of Amrapur loved him and his speeches. Some people called them inflammatory, divisive, and harmful to the peace and harmony of the town. A smile spread across his face every time he heard that word. Has anything ever been achieved by harmony? What would the leaders do with harmony? Why would people come to listen to his speeches in droves if they wanted harmony? Elections can never be won by harmony.
Doug Sherman and William Hendricks|...Or should you mourn the rapist, which I guess Christians mourn the people who kill them too.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Integration arises from intimacy with our emotions and our bodies, as well as with our thoughts.
Louis Sullivan|If you have no faith, you've lost your battle.
Alvin Toffler|In the industrial revolution Britain led the world in advances that enabled mass production: trade exchanges, transportation, factory technology and new skills needed for the new industrialised world.
William Shakespeare, Sonnets|All I knew was that hate was so deadly as any poison and did no one any good. You had to control and eliminate it, if you could.
Daniel Friday Danzor|Power & Money are fruits of life! But Family &Friends re roots of life! We can manage without fruits, But can never stand without roots.
Albert-László Barabási, Bursts: The Hidden Pattern Behind Everything We Do|All human beings, as we meet them, are commingled out of good and evil.
Kat Yeh|When you think you can stand no more of the wolf's snuffing under the door and keening softly on cold nights, throw discretion into the laundry bag, put candles on the table, and for your own good if not the pleasure of an admiring audience make one or another of the recipes in this chapter. And buy yourself a bottle of wine, or make a few cocktails, or have a long open-hearted discussion of cheeses with the man on the corner who is an alien but still loyal if bewildered.
Adyashanti, Emptiness Dancing|For you not to look scandalous, act educated.
Arthur P. Ciaramicoli, The Stress Solution: Using Empathy and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to Reduce Anxiety and Develop Resilience|Take your feet of of the brakes, push the pedal, give yourself the green light and be unstoppable.
Harmony Korine|Judy Garland was a different type of entertainer. She was a dancer, a singer, and an incurable romantic.
Rami Malek|And we ask the American people to play an important part of our layered defense. We ask for cooperation, patience and a commitment to vigilance in the face of a determined enemy.
Jess C. Scott, SVEN, Incubus Story.02|He knows how to market himself well. Nowadays, that's all that seems to count. He's rebellious in a way that appeals to people with vain, shallow taste. So of course he manipulates his audiences with the blessing of his recording company and the financial investors behind his brand.
Amy LaPalme, AfterLife|I often think about this, that is, I imagine to myself that here is Vera, dead, totally motionless, lying on the table, in a coffin... and I too, of course can no longer live. But for some reason this gives me pleasure, a terrible amount of pleasure to imagine so the one I love: earlier I imagined grandmother and then my fiance in this manner, even my favorite animals, Sparky our cat with the fiery bursts of red on his gray-black fur.("Thirty-Three Abominations")
Joyce Carol Oates|When writing goes painfully, when it’s hideously difficult, and one feels real despair (ah, the despair, silly as it is, is real!)–then naturally one ought to continue with the work; it would be cowardly to retreat. But when writing goes smoothly–why then one certainly should keep on working, since it would be stupid to stop. Consequently one is always writing or should be writing.
C.S. Lewis|God, who foresaw your tribulation, has specially armed you to go through it, not without pain but without stain.
John Adams|I believe in an India of pluralism and diversity, not of religious bigotry and caste politics. I believe in an India that is secure in itself and confident of its place in the world, an India that is a proud example of tolerance, freedom and hope for the downtrodden.
John Wooden|Be more concerned with your character than your reputation, because your character is what you really are, while your reputation is merely what others think you are.
Confucius, The Analects|When the wind blows,the grass bends.
Lord Dunsany, Monster Mix|Alderic, Knight of the Order of the City and the Assault, hereditary Guardian of the King's Peace of Mind, a man not unremembered among the makers of myth, pondered so long upon the Gibbelins' hoard that by now he deemed it his. Alas that I should say of so perilous a venture, undertaken at dead of night by a valorous man, that its motive was sheer avarice! Yet upon avarice only the Gibbelins relied to keep their larders full, and once in every hundred years sent spies into the cities of men to see how avarice did, and always the spies returned again to the tower saying that all was well.It may be thought that, as the years went on and men came by fearful ends on that tower's wall, fewer and fewer would come to the Gibbelins' table: but the Gibbelins found otherwise.("The Hoard Of The Gibbelins")
Gavin Newsom|The question is, will we continue to fight what may be a rearguard action to defend universal literacy as a central goal of our education system, or are we bold enough to see what's actually happening to our culture?
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|If you want to change the world, first change yourself, then tell others how you did it. Never demand that people change. Inspire them to change using your own change as an example instead.
Joseph Conrad|The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.
George W. Bush, Decision Points|When you know you have unconditional love, there is no point in rebellion and no need to fear failure.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Just that maybe … maybe you don’t want to change the story, because you don’t know what a different ending holds.
Seneca|The greatest loss of time is delay and expectation, which depend upon the future. We let go the present, which we have in our power, and look forward to that which depends upon chance, and so relinquish a certainty for an uncertainty.
Dev Samudre|Robbers*sometimes your words rob you of your thoughtsand leave you destituteand sadwill they weep for you i wonder_____________________________rassool jibraeel snyman (c) 2015"The Poetic Assassin
Habeeb Akande|Her black is beautiful, his society is ugly.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|the resurgence of the elder gods breaks down the wall of separation between religion and science that has partitioned Western thought since the Enlightenment. The rise of science has taught us things about the Earth, Sun, and Storm that the ancients would have marveled to know. We are in the enviable, irresistible, position of being able to learn, through science, about the very gods themselves." - Steven Posch, "Lost Gods of the Witches: A User’s Guide to Post-Ragnarok Paganism
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Water in, water out until there is no water to run and the riverbed runs dry. That's life
Avina Celeste|Your perception of reality is not set in stone. It is flexible. If you are willing to work towards changing your perception, you can bend your reality. You can see a more positive life around you. You can see the beauty in the world. If you actively look for the good in the world, eventually your world will change. Look for the little things until the big things come into the picture.
Pasi Ilmari Jääskeläinen, The Rabbit Back Literature Society|Reviewing a book written by someone you're living with and sleeping with is, needless to say, wrong.
Lyn Johnson|If you believe, don't worry. If you don't believe you will get all dressed up with nowhere to go.
Henrietta Newton Martin|The subtle whispers, cues and nudges are there as guideposts, to gently carry the humble listener along the path back to the source and the true self.
Abraham Lincoln|My concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|Nothing is easier than to admit in words the truth of the universal struggle for life, or more difficult--at least I have found it so--than constantly to bear this conclusion in mind.
Peter Singer|We deal here with the right of all of our children, whatever their race, to an equal start in life and to an equal opportunity to reach their full potential as citizens. Those children who have been denied that right in the past deserve better than to see fences thrown up to deny them that right in the future.
Dorothy Gilman, A Nun in the Closet|Once upon a time, [the guru] said, when God had finished making the world, he wanted to leave behind Him for man a piece of His own divinity, a spark of His essence, a promise to man of what he could become, with effort. He looked for a place to hide this Godhead because, he explained, what man could find too easily would never be valued by him."Then you must hide the Godhead on the highest mountain peak on earth," said one of His councilors.God shook His head. "No, for man is an adventuresome creature and he will soon enough learn to climb the highest mountain peaks.""Hide it then, O Great One, in the depths of the earth!""I think not," said God, "for man will one day discover that he can dig into the deepest parts of the earth.""In the middle of the ocean then, Master?"God shook His head. "I've given man a brain, you see, and one day he'll learn to build ships and cross the mightiest oceans.""Where then, Master?" cried His councilors.God smiled. "I'll hide it in the most inaccessible place of all, and the one place that man will never think to look for it. I'll hide it deep inside of man himself.
Palle Oswald|Love doesn't hurt, love doesn't cut, and in dark times love doesn't cease.Love heals, love seals, it drains out the world and leaves you with peace.
Barbara Boxer|It is a strange fact that freedom and equality, the two basic ideas of democracy, are to some extent contradictory. Logically considered, freedom and equality are mutually exclusive, just as society and the individual are mutually exclusive.
Rumiko Takahashi, Inuyasha, Volume 15|For no real reason – well, perhaps because of the seriousness under the trees or Nader’s hair, which was very messy and covered in little grass seeds – Katie began to giggle. She knew it was wrong, yet it was also natural. She covered her mouth with both hands, but Nader was already pale with revulsion. He turned and marched away into unwanted sunlight, leaving her to wonder why bad things happened and why no good person prevented them.
Ryan Whitney|The process begins during the off-season program, when players spend countless hours together and become heavily invested in the season before it even starts. It continues during these weekly meetings, when players stand and deliver heartfelt testimonials. You can't play for Ladouceur unless you're willing to stand in front of your teammates and bare your soul. You can't play unless you're willing to cry.
Vironika Tugaleva|When we get hurt, our bodies immediately start trying to heal that hurt. This works for emotions as well. If we were scarred socially, by an incident of rejection or bullying, we immediately start trying to heal. Like pus comes out of wounds, emotions flow from psychological wounds.And what do we really need at that moment? When we are out of that dangerous situation that scarred us, and we become triggered by some little thing - what do we need? Do we need someone to look at us and say, "Wow, you're really sensitive, aren't you?" or "Hey, man, I didn't mean it like that."? Do we need someone to justify their actions or tell us to take it easy, because the situation didn't really require such a reaction?And, from ourselves, do we really need four pounds of judgment with liberal helpings of shame? Do we need to run away, to suppress, to hate our "over-sensitivity" to situations that seem innocuous to others?No. We do not need all of these versions of rejection of a natural healing process. You would not feel shame over a wound doing what it must do to heal, nor would you shame another. So why do we do this to our heart wounds? Why do we do it to ourselves? To others?Next time some harmless situation triggers you or someone around you into an intense emotion - realize it's an attempt at emotional healing. Realize the danger is no longer there, but don't suppress the healing of old dangers and old pains. Allow the pain. Don't react, but don't repress. Embrace the pain. Embrace the pain of others.Like this, we have some chance at healing the endless cycles of generational repression and suppression that are rolling around in our society.Fall open. Break open. Sit with others' openness. Let love be your medicine.
Lauren Oliver, Vanishing Girls|To go back home was to play with impressions in this way, the way I played with the first pair of glasses I had, looking at a world now sharp and small and not quite real, now standard in size and real but blurred.
Suzanne Somers|I started dieting. I dieted, dieted, dieted and tried all the diets and I would lose and then I would go back to normal eating and would put it on and then some.
Mercy Cortez, Jagged Edge|When did you grow a back bone?" Cassius stopped pacing and actually smiled a little.Kendall wasn't appeased "I borrowed Jory's
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|There are so many priests who enter triumphantly and walk up toward the altar, greeting people left and right, so as to appear sympathetic. Just look at the sad spectacle of some Eucharistic celebrations. ... Why so much frivolousness and worldliness at the moment of the Holy Sacrifice? Why so much profanation and superficiality, given the extraordinary priestly grace that renders us able to make the Body and Blood of Christ substantially present by the invocation of the Spirit? Why do some think that they are obliged to improvise or invent Eucharistic Prayers that conceal the sacred prayers in a wash of petty, human fervor? Are Christ's words insufficient, making it necessary to multiply merely human words? In such a unique and essential sacrifice, is there any need for such a display of imagination and subjective creativity? "In praying do not heap up empty phrases as the Gentiles do; for they think that they will be heard for their many words", Jesus warns us (Mt 6:7).
Patrick Bryant|If you're lucky enough to finda girl who is a hopeless romanticwith a dirty mind,you should hold onto that.Because she'll be yours attwo in the morning, and at two in the afternoonthe following day.She'll kiss you where it hurts,and until it hurts.and that's important.Someone who not only knowshow to turn you on,but also knows how to treat you rightis someone worth a little something.
David Harvey, A Brief History of Neoliberalism|That comes to about one hundred million people in India alone from 1947 to 1980. But we don’t call that a crime of democratic capitalism. If we were to carry out that calculation throughout the world… I wont even talk about it. But Sen is correct; they’re not intended, just like the Chinese famine wasn’t intended. But they are ideological and institutional crimes, and capitalist democracy and its advocates are responsible for them, in whatever sense supporters of so-called Communism are responsible for the Chinese famine. We don’t have the entire responsibility, but certainly a large part of it
David Coverdale|I got picked on a lot, even by teachers too. I liked to listen to musicals and bake, and my homeroom teacher found out and mocked me in front of the whole class for baking.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|Writing stopped being fun when I discovered the difference between good writing and bad and, even more terrifying, the difference between it and true art. And after that, the whip came down.
Star Trek The Next Generation|Because there wasn’t anything else to do, he settled at the kitchen tablewith a bottle of mead and nearly emptied it. The anesthetic effect he hoped for hadn’t happened, though. At least not yet.
Warren Bennis|With Americans worried about losing their jobs, their savings, their homes and their chance at the American Dream, the New Direction Congress will work in a bipartisan way to lift our economy and help America's middle class.
Dennis Quaid|A huge part of acting in movies is appetite. You do your best work when you've got a lot of appetite and you really want to embrace something. When you get tired, you don't have that hunger.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|How do you do it?""Do what?""All of it. You know. Go to class and practice. Make it through the day. Act like ... like none if it mattered."Jason swore beneath his breath and pulled the car over. Then he reached across the seat and brushed his thumb over her cheek; until then, she hadn't been aware she was crying. "Trix," he sighed, "it mattered.
John  Daniel, The Philosophy Of Ancient Britain|I shouldn’t need to remind you that it was words that created the universe and The Word that now holds it together. While your man was simply reading one little book, something not unlike Genesis was stirring in his skull, and you didn’t think to stop it?
Dagfinn Aune|Although protein deficiency is widespread in poverty-stricken communities and in some nonindustrialized countries, most people in industrialized countries face the opposite problem—protein excess. The RDA for a 70-kilogram (154-pound) person is 56 grams; however, the average American man consumes approximately 100 grams of protein daily, and the average woman about 70 grams. Many meat-loving Americans eat far more protein. Some research suggests that high protein intake contributes to risk for heart disease, cancer, and osteoporosis. However, because high protein intake often goes hand-in-hand with high intakes of saturated fat and cholesterol, the independent effects of high protein intake are difficult to determine.
Christmas Humphreys, The Buddhist Way Of Life|To mock something is pure ignorance. Intelligent people even open themselves to things that they don't understand. […] When an ignorant praises something, it won't probably be something profound. Surely it can't be the Principle that guides us.
ELW-Reta Barnes|The only way we can eliminate despots in this world, is not to be peaceful about it, for that has been the case for many people that has caused the upheaval of such tyranny, nor we should turn the other way, but we must take appropriate actions to eliminate the thriving forces of such darkness in our world.
Shannon L. Alder|It is not the number of prayers that will give you happiness, but the number you answer for another person.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|How will people remember you when you are gone? And for how long until they forget? Were you selfish or selfless? A gossip or a patient listener? Did you add value to the world, or did you simply take from it? Did you add value to the lives of others, or did you take the value out of someone's life? Were you a plus or negative? Meaningful or meaningless? Do you live to take or live to give?
Daniel Woodrell, Winter's Bone|The Dolly's around here can't be seen to coddle a snitch's family --- that's the always been our way. We're old blood, us people, and our ways was set firm long before hot shot baby Jesus ever even burped milk'n sh*& yellow.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|I am lonely, sometimes, but I dare say it's good for me…
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|It is precisely this refusal of the Cartesian paradigm that characterizes Radical Orthodoxy, which seeks to reanimate the account of knowledge offered by Augustine and Aquinas. On this ancient-medieval-properly-postmodern model, we rightly give up pretensions to absolute knowledge or certainty, but we do not thereby give up on knowledge altogether. Rather, we can properly confess that we know God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself, but such knowledge rests on the gift of (particular, special) revelation, is not universally objective or demonstrable, and remains a matter of interpretation and perspective (with a significant appreciation for the role of the Spirit's regeneration and illumination as a condition for knowledge). We confess knowledge without certainty, truth without objectivity.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|I couldn't tear my eyes away from the blood. As odd as it sounds, I felt irritated. I'd just cleaned that glass when I first came in on my shift today. Knowing Jim, he'd make me clean them again before I could go home. After he chewed me out, of course.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Memories were waiting at the edges of things, beckoning to me.
