Shashi Tharoor, Riot|Migration is often accompanied by a feeling of unavoidable disorientation, and the circumstances of 1947 would have pronounced this feeling. In most cases, it would have created an involuntary distance between where one was born before the Partition and where one moved to after it, stretching out their identity sparsely over the expanse of this distance. As a result, somewhere in between the original city of their birth and the adopted city of residence, would lay their essence – strangely malleable.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|We would be a few years younger,if every day we meditated for five minutes on the meanings of the word innocence.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, The Drowning Girl|The fact that you and I are acquaintances only interested and amused the ghosts further. Gossip bunch, really.
Johan Huizinga, Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play-Element in Culture|If I am a pawn in someone else's chess game, you better believe I am going to demand an explanation before being shoved at some rook. I'll play my part, damn it, but I want the courtesy of being asked for my consent!
Sarah Dunn, The Arrangement|And the truth is, the ten or twenty minutes I was somebody's mother were black magic. There is nothing I would trade them for. There is no place I would rather have seen.
Peyton J Glenn|The life can be easy, beautiful, enjoyable and sensational, but it is never amazing without you.
Oliver Gaspirtz|When I ask you who you are, you'd better say my fucking name.
Cyc Jouzy|If you follow someone who decides to leave your life, you are walking away from yourself.
Aminatta Forna, Ancestor Stones|These are hard memories, and I will save the rest of the story for another time.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Now against the specialist, against the man who studies only art or electricity, or the violin, or the thumbscrew or what not, there is only one really important argument, and that, for some reason or other, is never offered. People say that specialists are inhuman; but that is unjust. People say an expert is not a man; but that is unkind and untrue. The real difficulty about the specialist or expert is much more singular and fascinating. The trouble with the expert is never that he is not a man; it is always that wherever he is not an expert he is too much of an ordinary man. Wherever he is not exceptionally learned he is quite casually ignorant. This is the great fallacy in the case of what is called the impartiality of men of science. If scientific men had no idea beyond their scientific work it might be all very well — that is to say, all very well for everybody except them. But the truth is that, beyond their scientific ideas, they have not the absence of ideas but the presence of the most vulgar and sentimental ideas that happen to be common to their social clique. If a biologist had no views on art and morals it might be all very well. The truth is that the biologist has all the wrong views of art and morals that happen to be going about in the smart set of his time.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|Sometimes terror and pain are not the best levers; deception, when it works, is the most elegant and the least expensive manipulation of all.
Martin Seligman|Part of me wanted to disappear into a cave in India, and I did end up going on retreats there, but, don't ask me why, I always felt very strongly that the point for me was to find a way to live a truly spiritual life in the modern day world and be able to work with all the positive aspects of our cultural and technological advancements.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Is it true?" he said. "They're saying all down the train that Harry Potter's in this compartment. So it's you, is it?""Yes," said Harry. He was looking at the other boys. Both of were thickset and looked like bodyguards."Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle," said the pale boy carelssly, noticing where Harry was looking. "And my name's Malfoy, Draco Malfoy." Ron gave a slight cough, which might have been hiding a snigger. Draco Malfoy looked at him. "Think my name's funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freckles, and more children than they can afford."He turned back to Harry. "You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|I haven’t been out driving at this time of night in many years, much less in an unfamiliar area. These are the things that scare you as you get older. You understand night all too well, all its attendant meanings. You try to avoid it, work around it, keep it from entering your house. Your weary, ornery body tells you to stay up late, sleep less, keep the lights on, don’t go into the bedroom—if you have to sleep, sleep in your chair, at the table. Everything is about avoiding the night. Because of that, I suppose that I should be scared out here in the dark, but I am finally past that, I think.(p.204)
Debra Anastasia, Return to Poughkeepsie|I know,” he says, and it’s the strangest thing. I can tell he’s smiling, slow and syrupy, when he says it.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|We kiss all the time." I clear my throat, then add, "We just...do it in private." "A smug expression crosses his face. "I don't buy it for a second, 'cause if you were my girlfriend and a stud like me was livin' in your house, I'd kiss you in front of the guy every chance I got as a reminder." "A reminder of w-w-what?" "That you were mine.
Ella Eyre|I didn't have a financial need, and I wasn't very gifted at relationships. I probably was more like what we think of boys as being: hard to pin down and wary of commitment.
D.A. Rhine, Vampires of the Chesapeake: Kian MacTiernan|You're a vampire?""Yes.""So what does that make me, your victim?""You're clearly not as dumb as you look.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Ready?" Jaime echoed. "Yes, yes, I am ready. I am ready to drink a lot of liquids and lie on the sofa moaning faintly all day long. That is what I am ready for. I cannot engage in physical activity of any sort or my head will fall right off. Is that what you want Nick? Because if so, I find that hurtful.
Jack Keely, The Whistlebrass Horror|I don't believe in monsters.""Well, Red, I think you might want to start." Pike turned and looked him in the eye. "What do you think those green things were? And what do you think is trying to smash its way in here? A pony?
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Whatever you think the world is withholding from you, you are withholding from the world.
Marc Andreessen|I'm always in bed by 11 or 12 and people laugh all the time - they want me to hang out until two in the morning, but n-n-no, I need my nine hours.
Lyndon B. Johnson|I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. I am not in favor of gay marriage. But when you start playing around with constitutions, just to prohibit somebody who cares about another person, it just seems to me that's not what America's about. Usually, our constitutions expand liberties, they don't contract them.
Bertolt Brecht|Everyone chases after happiness, not noticing that happiness is at their heels.
Leven Rambin|I don't usually like teen novels written in the present tense, particularly those told from a first-person viewpoint. Too many writers seem to believe that using either or both devices automatically imbues their stories with deep seriousness and a contemporary feel.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Love can be all things.But, Just never enough.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Sorrow is allowed, sorrow is advised; all we have to do is let go, all we have to do is love.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You may regret for messing up on few occasions, but you need to appreciate the fact that blames don’t clean the mess; they only smear the blame on your face. Make changes!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Energies expended on sideshows, never on the main event. Where the hell was the main event? Was there a main event?
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Forgiveness is a process, an admittedly difficult one that often can feel like a rigorous spiritual practice.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|Charity had always slightly creeped me out: There was nothing quite as condescending as the phrase "helping the less fortunate" rolling off the tongue of a white professional, as if poverty were a matter of luck instead of the result of a political system.
Catt Ford, A Strong Hand|I've never really addressed those rumors because I figured, 'Why defend yourself against something that is not offensive'?
Dana Christy|Her smile steals my breath, and there is no doubt in my mind that this will forever be one of those images burned in my brain. I’m staring, but I can’t help it, and—honestly?—I don’t care. I’ve missed seeing her pretty face and smile that warms me to the core … and her laugh, her personality, even that dorky dance move she does when she gets excited after winning at something. Hell, I’ve missed all of her. But she doesn’t know that, and she also doesn’t know how just the thought of her right before I fall to sleep usually keeps the nightmares at bay.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you let your man-made actions to be more frequent than your man-said words you will travail with praise in man-win visions. Do more, say less, win big.
Tamra Davis|Bathroom humor, fart, and poo poo humor in movies gets a laugh. It's a pretty easy audience, and that's been around for ages.
Cecelia Ahern, A Place Called Here|He tried to tell me week after week to accept things as they were and move on with my life. But if there was one man who had put his life on hold to wait for something or someone, it was him.
John Lennon|Produce your own dream. If you want to save Peru, go save Peru. It’s quite possible to do anything, but not if you put it on the leaders and the parking meters. Don’t expect Carter or Reagan or John Lennon or Yoko Ono or Bob Dylan or Jesus Christ to come and do it for you. You have to do it yourself.
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|When a man's running, he seldom looks back.
G.S. Jennsen, Abysm|From up here, the city below looked calm. Peaceful. Serene.It was a lie. Mia could feel the lie in her bones, in the foreboding creeping along the fine hairs on her skin. But mostly she could feel it in her head, where preparations were underway across Romane to meet the coming chaos.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry keeps my heart neat, even when incomplete, I find peace.
P.J. Whittlesea, Loreless|The one factor that nobody can deny in life is the influence of weather; it makes demands upon human beings, every person faces its reality. Weather reminds us that the world is not composed of technological gismos and climate controlled office buildings.
Marianne Faithfull|I never trusted anybody at all. I don't know why it was so hard, I just didn't.
Linda M. Godwin|I studied at the Hebrew University Medical Faculty, graduated, and was an Israel Defense Forces' combat physician on a Navy ship.
Frank Belknap Long, The Mummy Walks Among Us|The pagan gods are not dead, but can return to topple science with superstition and modern man with bestial pleasures that pre-date civilisation.
Clayton M. Christensen|Disruption is, at its core, a really powerful idea.
Salil Jha|Anger's not bad," he said. "It's human...
Agatha Christie|I like living. I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow; but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Rob R Morris|Being afraid does not define your character, but what you do in the face of fear does.
Eugene H. Peterson, Eat This Book: A Conversation in the Art of Spiritual Reading|Language is not primarily informational but revelatory. The Holy Scriptures give witness to a living voice sounding variously as Father, Son and Spirit, addressing us personally and involving us personally as participants. This text is not words to be studies in the quiet preserves of a library, but a voice to be believed and loved and adored in workplace and playground, on the streets and in the kitchen. Receptivity is required.
Alison Charlotte Primrose, The Lamb Slain With A Golden Cut: Spiritual Enlightenment and the Golden Mean Revelation|The golden ratio, as well as the Great Pyramid as an expression of it, is an important key to our universe containing the Earth and the Moon. ... The ratio between the Earth and the Moon is in fact the basis for the mathematical concept of 'squaring the circle' ...
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|It is not money that makes a person free, but it is the knowledge of God’s truths.
Joanna Lumley|When I came into office, people said, 'Billionaire? How do they live? What do they eat? How do they sleep?' Today, they see me on the subway coming uptown. A couple of people say hi, some people smile and nod. Some people just sleep. It's not an issue.
Imperator Caesar Divi Filius Augustus|At the age of nineteen [44 BC] on my own responsibility and at my own expense I raised an army, with which I successfully championed the liberty of the republic when it was oppressed by the tyranny of a faction.
Charles Williams, War in Heaven|Action is always superior to speech in the Gospels, which is why the Word became flesh and not newsprint.
Carol Moncado, Hand-Me-Down Princess|Loving someone doesn't just include that person, Ben. Loving someone means accepting all the things and people that person loves, too. And I will. I do. I promise.
Mary Sage Nguyen|Books are the most important of all my possessions. They capture the thoughts, feelings, dreams and lives of their authors, welcoming us into their worlds and inspiring us to emulate their adventures.
Khaled Hosseini|Regret is more than inevitable, it's a constant companion. A relationship that becomes comfortable. Regret never wants to break up.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|A name can't begin to encompass the sum of all her parts. But that's the magic of names, isn't it? That the complex, contradictory individuals we are can be called up complete and whole in another mind through the simple sorcery of a name.
Nobuyuki Fukumoto|There is supercomputer somewhere in the Nevada desert whose sole function is to count the number of times that I have said the following, because it is unquantifiable by human minds at this point, but this time it’s really true: I should have stayed home.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The sciences are not sectarian. People do not persecute each other on account of disagreements in mathematics. Families are not divided about botany, and astronomy does not even tend to make a man hate his father and mother. It is what people do not know, that they persecute each other about. Science will bring, not a sword, but peace.
Niall Horan|I think any branding for me is band-related. It's really weird to get used to the exposure, because I am a naturally introverted person, and I'm not exactly social. Occasionally I can get comfortable enough to talk, but I spend a lot of my days not talking, especially when I'm at home and not on tour.
Daniel Humm|Great performers - in sports, the arts, business, or whatever field - have undertaken massive amounts of training. And when that training is complete... they train some more, and harder than they expect to perform. Why? Training builds confidence and ensures peak performance.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|Before I fix the world, I have to fix myself.
Jeana E. Mann, Intoxicated|One night of sin with Jack. No commitment. No promises. Just hot, sweaty, headboard-banging sex.Jeana E. Mann. Intoxicated (Kindle Locations 828-829).
Criss Jami|Rebuke without love is abuse. But, a love that would never rebuke? I dare to admit that that, too, would be a kind of abuse.
Julie Anne Long|Prejudice of any kind implies that you are identified with the thinking mind. It means you don't see the other human being anymore, but only your own concept of that human being. To reduce the aliveness of another human being to a concept is already a form of violence.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person devolves his or her hardiness from the ark-like powers of love to create, protect, and destroy. When we are in love, we discover what we long to become, we also discover what we lack. When we are in love, we are empowered to seek out our destiny. When we lose at love, our confidence is devastated. In the wake of a breakup with a lover, we languish in solitude. Caught in the riptide of incompleteness, we suffer terribly.
Kristen Ashley, At Peace|Nothing can fill you up,” she stated.“Nope,” he agreed again.“You won’t let it.”“Barrel’s got a hole in the bottom, buddy, everything leaks out no matter how much you pour in.”She was silent a moment then she whispered, “Right.”She turned to the door and his hand gripped his bourbon so hard he had to focus everything on loosening his grip or the glass would shatter.Before she opened it, she turned back. “You don’t know, Cal, you have no idea.You’ve shut yourself up for so long in this fucking house with your tragic memories, you have no idea what’s about to walk out your door. Kate, Keira and me, we could have plugged that hole. We could have filled you so full, you’d be bursting. We would have loved that chance. We’d have given it everything we had, no matter the time that slid by, graduations, weddings, grandbabies, you’d have been a part of us and we’d have given everything we had to keep youso full, you’d be bursting.”Cal didn’t reply.“Joe,” she whispered, “you let me walk out this door, you’ll lose your chance.”Cal didn’t move.Vi waited.Cal stayed seated.
Agatha Christie, The Body in the Library|Bottled, was he?" Said Colonel Bantry, with an Englishman's sympathy for alcoholic excess. "Oh, well, can't judge a fellow by what he does when he's drunk? When I was at Cambridge, I remember I put a certain utensil - well - well, nevermind.
Kanza Javed, Ashes, Wine and Dust|It's like I'm dreaming of the imaginary friend Katie and I had when we were little. She'd been so real to us as kids. We each remembered Anna, that's what we'd called her, just like we remembered bits of our parents. But now, in this dreamscape of Paradise Lost, our imaginary third twin has all grown up.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|The most damaging cognitive bias is overconfidence (illusory superiority), making leaders use their “gut” when they should be more rational.
kambiz shabankareh|I cannot change the people around me, but I can change what kind of people are around me.
Jodi Picoult, Second Glance|Some women are meant to change the world, while others are meant to hold it together. And then there are those of us who simply don't want to be in it, because we know no matter how much we struggle, we can't comfortably fit.
Val Uchendu|As always we could talk... over and over... here I am locked in time, so far I have plenty of it.
Flora Nwapa, Efuru|We are well,' Efuru replied. 'It is only hunger.''It is good that it is only hunger. Good health is what we pray for.
Debasish Mridha|If you have any hate in your heart, you will not be able to create a society that is just.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When you have no preconceived notion of what you are good at, you are open to life's many possibilities.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|Look at all the things that can go wrong for men. There’s the nothing-happening-at-all problem, the too-much-happening-too-soon problem, the dismal-droop-after-a-promising-beginning problem; there’s the size-doesn’t-matter-except-in-my-case problem, the failing-to-deliver-the-goods problem…and what do women have to worry about? A handful of cellulite? Join the club. A spot of I-wonder-how-I-rank? Ditto.
Agatha Christie, Taken at the Flood|What a queer topsy turvy world it was. It used to be the man who went to the wars, the woman who stayed at home. But here the positions were reversed.
Daniel Tammet|A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
Nilesh Rathod|Often, the bonds of marriage kill the purpose of the very marriage.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|Maketa,” I said, throwing myself down in the sand. “I lost. The ocean won.”She smiled. “Was it a good feeling?”“Mm,” I said.“That’s good,” she said. “Have another rice ball?
Camilla Gibb, Mouthing the Words|Quiet is here and all in me. ("Dress of White Silk")
Raaz Ojha|Don't just spend your life, live your life becoz life is really awesome.
Marsha Blackburn|Written communication is a tremendous help for me, and so when electronic mail was invented in '71, I got very excited about it, thinking well, gee, the deaf community could really use this, or the hard-of-hearing community as well.
Spencer W. Kimball|I Choose Love...No occasion justifies hatred; no injustice warrants bitterness. I choose love. Today I will love God and what God loves.I Choose Joy...I will invite my God to be the God of circumstance. I will refuse the temptation to be cynical. I will refuse to see people as anything less than human beings, created by God. I will refuse to see any problem as anything less than an opportunity to see God.I Choose Peace... I will live forgiven. I will forgive so I may live.I Choose Patience...I will overlook the inconveniences of the world. Instead of cursing the one who takes my place, I'll invite him to do so, Rather complain that the wait is to long, I will thank God for a moment to pray. Instead of clenching my fist at new assignments, I will face them with joy and courage.I Choose Kindness...I will be kind to the poor, for they are alone. Kind to the rich, for they are afraid. And kind to the unkind, for that is how God has treated me. I Choose Goodness...I will go without a dollar before I take a dishonest one. I will be overlooked before I will boast. I will confess before I accuse. I choose goodness.I Choose Faithfulness...Today I will keep my promises. My debtors will not regret their trust. My friends will not question my word. And my family will not question my love.I Choose Gentleness...Nothing is won by force. I choose to be gentle. If I raise my voice may it only be in praise. If I clench my fist, may it only be in prayer. If I make a demand, may it be only of myself.I Choose Self-Control...I refuse to let what will rot, rule the eternal. I choose self-control. I will be drunk only by joy. I will be impassioned only by my faith. I will be influenced only by God. I will be taught only by Christ. I choose self-control.Love, Joy, Peace, Patience, Kindness, Goodness, Faithfulness, Gentleness, and Self-Control. To these I commit my day. If I succeed, I will give thanks. If I fail, I will seek His grace. And then when this day is done I will place my head on my pillow and rest.
Roger A. Caras|Dogs are not our whole life, but they make our lives whole.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|One of my professors once told me that the last official act of the British monarchy was when Queen Victoria refused to sign a law that made same-sex acts illegal. It would have made me think more highly of her, except the reason she objected was because she didn’t believe women would do anything like that. Parliament rewrote the law so it was specific to men, and she signed it. A tribute to enlightenment, Queen Victoria was not. Neither, as I have observed before, are werewolf packs. 
John F. MacArthur Jr., Our Awesome God|Centering our thoughts on God begins with what I like to call discovery. That is, when we discover a great truth about God, we begin to meditate on that truth until it captivates our whole thinking process. That in turn will lead to worship.If worship is based on meditation, and meditation is based on discovery, what is discovery based on? On time spent with God in prayer and the Word. It is sad that many view prayer primarily as a way to get things. We have lost sight of the companion aspect of prayer - of being still and aware of God's wonderful presence and just communing with Him there.
Fabulous Godwin|She is truly beautiful, but she doesn't have a beautiful face to match her beautiful heart. True beauty lies in the HEART.
Louis Sullivan|For the rich, it's not about getting more stuff. It's about having the freedom to make almost any decision you want.
Anton Chekhov, Selected Stories|Except for two or three older writers, all modern literature seems to me not literature but some sort of handicraft, which exists only so as to be encouraged, though one is reluctant to use its products.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Rumfoord had known that Constant would try to debase the picture by using it in commerce. Constant's father had done a similar thing when he found he could not buy Leonardo's "Mona Lisa" at any price. The old man had punished Mona Lisa by having her used in an advertising campaign for suppositories. It was the free-enterprise way of handling beauty that threatened to get the upper hand.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Davan Yahya Khalil|When I was a child, I never imagined one day would come when humanity would fall.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Father, perhaps you’ve forgotten the fact that when my child was conceived, neither Bree nor I knew who the other person was.” “Ai, ai, ai… Alessandro, open your mind, please! It was fate, my boy.” “Oh, good God, here we go again,” Arturo threw his hands up. “Don’t you have a puppy to go kick?” Alessandro asked, his brother’s voice grating on his already stretched nerves.
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|Over the road there was a church: a modern gray building, which constantly played a recording of church bells. Strange it was. Why no proper bells? I never went in but I bet it was a robot church for androids, where the Bible was in binary and their Jesus had laser eyes and metal claws.
Susan Lynn Peterson, Clare|What did you work at?” Colum asked, shifting a bit on the bench to look more directly at me.“I was in service,” I said quietly, more quietly than I intended. I wondered if maybe the answer had gotten lost in the rumble of the engines. It didn’t.“Honest work,” Colum said. I knew that that was what people say about work they consider beneath them. Hauling and scrubbing and digging are “honest work.” Grubbing and mucking? “Honest work.” Tell someone you’re a doctor or a mill owner, and they never say “honest work.
Jack Nicklaus|I love design in general, the creativity. Whether it is golf courses, my apparel line, ads we do or our business with AriZona, design is fun.
Tim Parks|It was things like that I remembered about Ruby, the incongruity, the struggle to find herself.No matter what she wore though she was always Ruby, always herself.
Joseph Devlin, How to Speak and Write Correctly|But reading is different, reading is something you do. With TV, and cinema for that matter, everything’s handed to you on a plate, nothing has to be worked at, they just spoon-feed you. The picture, the sound, the scenery, the atmospheric music in case you haven’t understood what the director’s on about… The creaking door that tells you to be stiff. You have to imagine it all when you’re reading.
Ansul Noor, Soul Fire|It’s a duress I’ll never regret succumbing to,” he murmured as his hands caressed the soft skin of her shoulders. “It gave me you. I never thought I could love someone so much that I’d be willing to let them go to keep them safe.
Erik Pevernagie|In the architecture of their life some may display Potemkin happiness in view of hiding the dark features of their fair weather relationship, preferring to set up a window dressing of fake satisfaction rather than being rejected as emotional outcasts. ("Absence of beauty was like hell")
Marty Rubin|Do something. Successful achievers wake up in the morning and go to bed in the night. In between their waking up and going to bed is occupied with action, action, action and action.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When faced with many rejections, don’t give up. Hold fast to your dreams and keep up with sacred-work, you will succeed in the sacred-time.
Elizabeth Strout, Anything Is Possible|People always kept moving, her mother had said, it's the American way. Moving west, moving south, marrying up, marrying down, getting divorced - but moving...
Elizabeth Kostova, The Historian|It was strange, I reflected.. that even in the weirdest circumstances, the most troubling episodes of one's life, the greatest divides from home and familiarity, there were these moments of undeniable joy.
Yancy Lael, Soulful Skincare: The ultimate guide to radically transforming your complexion|If you feel like a failure in any area of your life, then you are in need of some self-forgiveness.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I throw my arms around her without even thinking first, the way I used to with Daddy when he came home from a trip. "Thank you," I say into her waist. Her clothes smell so good. I feel her hand resting on my head, and for that second I feel like nothing could ever go wrong. Not when there's Miss Mary to hug.
C.P. Klapper, The Washington Poems|Though all the guns be silenced,each soldier in his home,There is no peace till Love comes,till the meek may safely roam.
Gilbert Gottfried|The producer, in effect, has to work as a translator. You form a very tight relationship with the director and writer from the beginning, and then you are constantly communicating to the various people that begin to come into the process, as you are trying to manage to hold on to a vision that needs to be communicated over a long period of time.
Janet Gallagher Nestor|The result of mindful awareness is the development of our virtues, which are the basic positive building blocks of our life.
Lauren Beukes, The Shining Girls|The world deprived of clear-cut outlines, of the up and the down, of good and evil, succumbs to a peculiar nihilization, that is, it loses its colors, so that grayness covers not only things of this earth and of space, but also the very flow of time, its minutes, days and years. Abstract considerations will be of little help, even if they are intended to bring relief. Poetry is quite different. By its very nature it says: All those theories are untrue. Since poetry deals with the singular, not hte general, it can't - if it is good poetry - look at things of this earth other than as colorful, variegated, and exciting, and so, it cannot reduce life, with all its pain, horror, suffering, and ecstasy, to a unified tonality of boredom or complaint. By necessity poetry is therefore on the side of being and against nothingness.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|For believers, there is much more to existence than simply passing out of one world and into another.
Michael Sharp, The Book of Light: The Nature of God, the Structure of Consciousness and the Universe within You|There are countless ingredients that make up the human body and mind, like all the components that make up me as an individual with my own personality. Sure, I have a face and voice to distinguish myself from others, but my thoughts and memories are unique only to me, and I carry a sense of my own destiny. Each of those things are just a small part of it. I collect information to use in my own way. All of that blends to create a mixture that forms me and gives rise to my conscience.
Robert A. Heinlein|We first fought the heathens in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus said."Yes son. What is it?" God replied."Why have you left the stars turned on. It's night time," Jesus asked."It's so that people can find their way home," God said."What do you mean?" Jesus asked his dad."Well" God started to say, "sometimes a person loses their way in life and when that happens all they have to do is look up at the stars and then they will find their way back home to me.""But, what about if it's daytime and there are no stars?" Jesus now asked."Then, I will send them a rainbow to show them the way," God told his son.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|I do not believe that, in order to be religious in the good and genuine sense of the word, one has to ruin one’s love life and has to become rigid and shrunken in body and soul.
Nelou Keramati, Resonance|Elli-" Neve lies down next to him. "It is not easy being friend with someone who has depression. Not because it's a burden, but because you love them. So their pain becomes your own." She rests her hand on his chest. "You really expect me to just sit by and do nothing ?
Isabelle Eberhardt, The Nomad: The Diaries of Isabelle Eberhardt|For those who know the value of and exquisite taste of solitary freedom (for one is only free when alone), the act of leaving is the bravest and most beautiful of all.
Steve Maraboli|Sophia," she said, "this is really not something to argue about. You can see for yourself that life is hard enough without being punished for it afterwards. We get comfort when we die, that's the whole idea
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Underworld|I have no name," she purred. "I'm whoever the keepers of my fate tell me to be.
Diana Vreeland, Glamour|I find, the fancier the fashion magazine is, the worse the Photoshop. It’s as if they are already so disgusted that a human has to be in the clothes, they can’t stop erasing human features.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you fish without proper bait, you will only catch disappointment.
Deyth Banger|Books understand me, but humans don't understand me. They are bad friends books are forever as well as computer's and Tv and everything else which doesn't have soul. Although that dogs and cats and many other animals are quite interesting friends.
James Scott Bell, Plot & Structure: Techniques and Exercises for Crafting a Plot That Grips Readers from Start to Finish|In fact, one could argue that the skill of the fiction writer boils down to the ability to exploit intensity.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|We choose and make our heroes from what we have read, heard and believed in.
Mylène Farmer|Life is as sad as a glass of grenadine.' ... It’s almost that. It is sad. But, at the same time, how a glass of grenadine sparkles!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Netochka Nezvanova|Through the years, I have learned there is no harm in charging oneself up with delusions between moments of valid inspiration.
Michael P. Naughton, Deathryde: Rebel Without a Corpse|So many things in language can never be known or settled or explained, except by custom.
Scott Farris, Kennedy and Reagan: Why Their Legacies Endure|Obstacles without optimism can overturn opportunities for growth, hope and success.
Charlie Savage, Takeover: The Return of the Imperial Presidency and the Subversion of American Democracy|In all, the future secretary of defense and wartime vice president[, Dick Cheney,] would receive five deferments during the Vietnam War, protecting him from service during his draft-eligible years.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|Anger, resentment and disappointment, in most cases, can not exist in our lives without our expressed permission. An honest and sincere introspection will reveal that all three emotions are centered and rooted in self. They are self preserving reactions sprung to life by our inconveniently unmet expectations. Joy and contentment replaces these emotions when we genuinely put others before ourselves. ~Jason Versey
Gudjon Bergmann|When I consider writing I sometimes wonder why doesn't everybody do it, other times I wonder why does anybody do it.
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|In 1913, when Anthony Patch was twenty-five, two years were already gone since irony, the Holy Ghost of this later day, had, theoretically at least, descended upon him. Irony was the final polish of the shoe, the ultimate dab of the clothes-brush, a sort of intellectual «There!» yet at the brink of this story he has as yet gone no further than the conscious stage. As you first see him he wonders frequently whether he is not without honor and slightly mad, a shameful and obscene thinness glistening on the surface of the world like oil on a clean pond, these occasions being varied, of course, with those in which he thinks himself rather an exceptional young man, thoroughly sophisticated, well adjusted to his environment, and somewhat more significant than any one else he knows.
Elbert Hubbard|It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|If you are brave enough to empty yourself, then life will fill you again and again.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|These are the two basic controls at the photographer's command--position and timing--all others are extensions, peripheral ones, compared to them
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|Through play, children experience a greater confidence in their bodies, surroundings and themselves. They become familiar with what they can and cannot do.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|In a word, in adversity she was the best of comforters, in good fortune the most troublesome of friends...
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|If we presuppose that Jesus and God are one—as many (but not all) Christians do—then we can also infer that Jesus Christ was omnipotent, omniscient, and omni-benevolent, and it is with this that the idea of sacrifice is lost. The martyrdom was premeditated on the part of the Creator, and Jesus was resurrected afterward—showing that the act of ‘death’ was not an inconvenience for the immortal ‘man’ who was said to have known that he would be resurrected.
Ben Vereen|Teachers have told us across the country that what's severely outdated is the teacher at the front of the classroom as the font of knowledge, because as we know, access to knowledge and information is now ubiquitous. So instead, teachers want to help students learn how to think so that they can be lifelong learners.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|Somewhere beyond all that, on an unseeable horizon, was Morrighan and all the people who lived there, going about their lives, unaware. My brothers. Pauline. Berdi. Gwyneth. And more patrols like Walther's who would meet their deaths, as unaware as I had once been.  I want to go with you.  Where I was going was no place for Natiya. It was hardly a place for me.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|Marika could feel herself cocking the trigger of a loaded gun and pointing it at herself, because the truth could be too shocking a revelation, something that would shake their lives to the core... but lies were just a dead-end alleyway that offered no way out.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Gina Rodgers raised her hand, triggering a class-wide bristle. Everyone wanted to impress Mr. Tipton, but it was Gina who always raised her hand first, like he was going to fall in love with her for her 4.3 GPA or something.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|On the Sivaratri day after performing the routine, the devotee shall go to the temple of Siva and perform worship.
Lisa McMann, Fade|All night my heart makes its wayhowever it can over the rough groundof uncertainties, but only until nightmeets and then is overwhelmed bymorning, the light deepening, thewind easing and just waiting, as Itoo wait (and when have I ever beendisappointed?) for redbird to sing
Sunday Adelaja|Everything we encounter today is used by God to prepare us for tomorrow. he wastes no trials, withholds no blessings, nor does he hold back on the discipline of his soldiers. All He does prepares us for future usefulness as vessels of honor.
Rick Boucher|As a rule, software systems do not work well until they have been used, and have failed repeatedly, in real applications.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|Sometimes Geraldine feels like she can drive forever. Maybe that’s partially why she took a job at Milo General Motors. Driving is the best means of escape that the human race has, at least, that’s her opinion. She’s never had the guts to try drugs before, both because her sister was a junkie in the last few months she knew her, and because she’s heard the overdose horror stories, seen 'Requiem for a Dream', smelled the vapours of a meth lab that Julia’s boyfriend built, heard the crunching glass of crack vials and heroine needles when they happen to break. Even this alone is too surreal, not to mention that if she were high or tripping on acid or whatever the drug of choice may be, this would give the ghosts more power to morph into something even more nightmarish than they already are.
Nathan Walsh|In the end, it all comes down to the Blood...
Carlos Castañeda, The Teachings of Don Juan: A Yaqui Way of Knowledge|All paths are the same: they lead nowhere. ... Does this path have a heart? If it does, the path is good; if it doesn't, it is of no use. Both paths lead nowhere; but one has a heart, the other doesn't. One makes for a joyful journey; as long as you follow it, you are one with it. The other will make you curse your life. One makes you strong; the other weakens you.
Lik Hock Yap Ivan|The better we become, the higher we climb. The higher we climb, the bigger our ego. The bigger the ego, the harder it is for us to look at others the same way we did before as we can get so full of ourselves we lose our true self. Always be humble. Even if you're good. Always.
Mark Van Steenwyk, A Wolf at the Gate|Dogs were not loyal but servile, that cats were opportunists and traitors,
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|Why do we have to grow up? I know more adults who have the children's approach to life. They're people who don't give a hang what the Joneses do. You see them at Disneyland every time you go there. They are not afraid to be delighted with simple pleasures, and they have a degree of contentment with what life has brought - sometimes it isn't much, either. °o°
Neil deGrasse Tyson|If Aliosha had come to the conclusion that neither God nor immortality existed, he would immediately have become an atheist and a socialist. For socialism is not only a question of the working classes; it is above all, in its contemporary incarnation, a question of atheism, a question of the tower of Babel, which is constructed without God's help, not to reach to the heavens, but to bring the heavens down to earth.
Stephanie Kallos|If love breaks more than a heart, maybe it's a sign and time to step out.
Yukio Mishima|Does one really have to fretAbout enlightenment?No matter what road I travel,I’m going home.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|If men only felt about death as they do about sleep, all terrors would cease. . . Men sleep contentedly, assured that they will wake the following morning. They should feel the same about their lives.
Bertrand Russell, Why Men Fight|Men fear thought as they fear nothing else on earth -- more than ruin, more even than death. Thought is subversive and revolutionary, destructive and terrible, thought is merciless to privilege, established institutions, and comfortable habits; thought is anarchic and lawless, indifferent to authority, careless of the well-tried wisdom of the ages. Thought looks into the pit of hell and is not afraid ... Thought is great and swift and free, the light of the world, and the chief glory of man.
Sunday Adelaja|Light was the first thing that came into existence, first in the order of creation.
Roy Peter Clark, Writing Tools: 50 Essential Strategies for Every Writer|Everyone should read, we say, but we act as if only those with special talent should write.
Dorothy Johnston, The Trojan Dog|Emma, Emma, Emma," I said, wishing I could somehow teach her to take the smaller blows of life in her stride.
Peter Taylor|Houses, housetops, like human beings have wonderful character. The lives of housetops. The wear of the seasons. The country is beautiful, young, growing things. The majesty of trees. The backs of tenement houses are living documents.
David O. McKay|Man is a spiritual being, a soul, and at some period of his life everyone is possessed with an irresistible desire to know his relationship to the Infinite. . . . There is something within him which urges him to rise above himself, to control his environment, to master the body and all things physical and live in a higher and more beautiful world.
Troy Clark|Some people come some people go..That's the way it should be..Welcome people come, farewell people go..Because it's a life.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|Loving you is no more a beautiful memory, but now just a pain,I cry and weep every time I walk down the memory lane,Your love always completed me in every sense as a whole,But now it’s just emptiness and sorrow in my heart that drains,Of all the people in the world, you choose me to be hurt,Of all the hearts in the world, you choose mine to break…Why did you leave me I ask myself every morning and dawn?Why my love was incomplete tell me why you were gone?A silence surrounds my heart and fills it again with despair,Oh this pain is just too much, and the damage beyond repair,Please come back baby, just come back and bring that old smile,Or just come to see me every once in a while,So my heart no more bleeds, and no more my soul aches,So I can be peaceful after my death, in my ashes and burnt flakes…
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|To instruct calls for energy, and to remain almost silent, but watchful and helpful, while students instruct themselves, calls for even greater energy. To see someone fall (which will teach him not to fall again) when a word from you would keep him on his feet but ignorant of an important danger, is one of the tasks of the teacher that calls for special energy, because holding in is more demanding than crying out. 
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|When leaders lack self-awareness, they doubt themselves; uncertain about their abilities; unclear about the direction to take on each turn, and more...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The more you learn, the more you know, you don’t know enough.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|As the connections have been broken by the fragmentation and isolation of work, they can be restored by restoring the wholeness of work. There is work that is isolating, harsh, destructive, specialized or trivialized into meaninglessness. And there is work that is restorative, convivial, dignified and dignifying, and pleasing. Good work is not just the maintenance of connections - as one is now said to work "for a living" or "to support a family" - but the enactment of connections. It is living, and a way of living; it is not support for a family in the sense of an exterior brace or prop, but is one of the forms and acts of love. (pg. 133, The Body and the Earth)
Rebekkah Ford, Beyond the Eyes|It’s always been you, Paige. I’ve waited my whole life for you. You’re the air I breathe, my heart and soul. Without you, I’m in hell.
Sally Yates|Things that have happened with Enron and companies like that, where they've squandered their employees' pension funds, I think it has brought a new level of anxiety. People don't feel like they can trust their employer.
Debasish Mridha|To create an enlightened society, be a beacon of light
Ophelia London, Crossing Abby Road|First one of you to call me Yoko,” Todd warned as he stepped up, “is a dead man.
David Goodis, Of Tender Sin|It was very fast, that first time. They were on the couch, and then they were off the couch and it was all over. It was like jumping out the window and landing on the street. A quick ride, just like that.
William Arthur Ward|His speech was a fine sample  on the whole  Of rhetoric  which the learn'd call "rigmarole."
Rob Gronkowski|Nothing impresses the ladies like a clean, pressed pair of khakis and a large pattern shirt featuring either classic cars, mojitos or men playing golf.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|As he watched Joe stand, blazing, on the fire escape, Sammy felt an ache in his chest that turned out to be, as so often occurs when memory and desire conjoin with a transient effect of weather, the pang of creation. The desire he felt, watching Joe, was unquestionably physical, but in the sense that Sammy wanted to inhabit the body of his cousin, not possess it. It was, in part, a longing--common enough among the inventors of heroes--to be someone else; to be more than the result of two hundred regimens and scenarios and self-improvement campaigns that always ran afoul of his perennial inability to locate an actual self to be improved. Joe Kavalier had an air of competence, of faith in his own abilities, that Sammy, by means of constant effort over the whole of his life, had finally learned only to fake. 
Lisa Mantchev, Perchance to Dream|That's great," Katie said. "Actually, it's revolutionary. If you can work and be in love at the same time, you're the first woman I ever knew that could. Maybe you're the missing link, Amanda."Maybe you ought to get a job for the 'Ladies Home Journal.' They like simplistic shit like that.
Veronics Roth|You don't know how Fate finds you, and neither do I. But until it does, we get to be whatever we can be."pg 354
John Grooters|Yet in recent years I have witnessed a new phenomenon among filmgoers, especially those considered intelligent and perceptive. I have a name for this phenomenon: the Instant White-out. People are closeted in cozy darkness; they turn off their mobile phones and willingly give themselves, for ninety minutes or two hours, to a new film that got a fourstar rating in the newspaper. They follow the pictures and the plot, understand what is spoken either in the original tongue or via dubbing or subtitles, enjoy lush locations and clever scenes, and even if they find the story superficial or preposterous, it is not enough to pry them from their seats and make them leave the theatre in the middle of the show.But something strange happens. After a short while, a week or two, sometimes even less, the film is whitened out, erased, as if it never happened. They can’t remember its name, or who the actors were, or the plot. The movie fades into the darkness of the movie house, and what remains is at most a ticket stub left accidentally in one’s pocket.
Yongey Mingyur, Joyful Wisdom: Embracing Change and Finding Freedom|I'd rather be underappreciate, and under worked, than over appreciate and over worked.
Stella McCartney|It wasn't easy navigating publicity when I started, because I grew up with 'being famous,' and I'm just not into it, and I guess defensiveness gets read into that. And I didn't get an easy ride at the beginning.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|There's just one rule, just one basic law that everyone lives under : take control or be controlled.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The Harvest Moon glows round and bold,In pumpkin shades outlined in gold,Illuminating eerie forms,Unnatural as a candied corn.Beware what dare crawls up your sleeve,For 'tis the night called Hallows Eve.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|By thinking mostly about everything that has gone wrong, is going wrong, and can possibly go wrong, the thinker is bound to end up in a lousy mental and emotional state.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|To be fair, much of the Bible is not systematically evil but just plain weird, as you would expect of a chaotically cobbled-together anthology of disjointed documents, composed, revised, translated, distorted and 'improved' by hundreds of anonymous authors, editors and copyists, unknown to us and mostly unknown to each other, spanning nine centuries
Homer|Reproach is infinite, and knows no endSo voluble a weapon is the tongue;Wounded, we wound; and neither side can failFor every man has equal strength to rail.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A responsible woman guides, controls (albeit subtly), directs with superior knowledge that is higher than that of her contemporaries!
Meagan Spooner, Hunted|On the bright side, I'm sure this isn't the last time you'll ever get firebombed, so maybe you'll have better luck next time.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky|I missed the moonlight, the stars. There were times I forgot that there was an entire universe above the clouds. It was as if a shroud had been pulled around the Earth. Over time, we would forget everything that we had once struggled so hard to observe and learn and prove. We would forget about Jupiter and its churning storms. We would forget about the Big Dipper, about Halley's comet. We would stumble across telescopes in old department stores and never give them a second look, never wonder about the things they once made large.
Clifford A. Pickover, The Physics Book: From the Big Bang to Quantum Resurrection, 250 Milestones in the History of Physics|If you ask people where they're from, they will typically say the name of the city where they were born, or perhaps the place on Earth's surface where they spent their formative years. Nothing wrong with that. But an astrochemically richer answer might be, "I hail from the explosive jetsam of a multitude of high-mass stars that died more than 5 billion years ago.
Susan Hill|O little one, My little one, Come with me, Your life is done. Forget the future, Forget the past. Life is over: Breathe your last.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|When you're scared, when you close your eyes ... just know there is nothing left to fear!
Lorde|I've just always felt it's an incredibly empowering thing, particularly for young women, to capitalize on their coordination and their strength. It's a very empowering thing to feel strong in your body.
Janice G. Raymond|In the studies I have directed, and in my international experience speaking with women in prostitution, the majority of women in prostitution come from marginalized groups with a history of sexual abuse, drug and alcohol dependencies, poverty or financial disadvantage, lack of education, and histories of other vulnerabilities. These factors characterize women in both off and on-street locations. A large number of women in prostitution are pimped or drawn into the sex industry at an early age. These are women whose lives will not change for the better if prostitution is decriminalized. Many have entrenched problems that are best addressed not by keeping women indoors but in establishing programs where women can be provided with an exit strategy and the services that they need to regain their lost lives. There is little evidence that decriminalization or legalization of prostitution improves conditions for women in prostitution, on or off the street. It certainly makes things better for the sex industry, which is provided with legal standing, and the government that enjoys increased revenues from accompanying regulation.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|Only God can write a story that resonates not just in the power of the imagination or the heart or the mind, but in the very soul; only God can write a story that brings dead things to life.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|What had, moments ago, appeared a dangerous gambit, now seemed an elegant coup de maître.
River Phoenix|At one time, most of my friends could hear the bell, but as years passed, it fell silent for all of them. Even Sarah found one Christmas that she could no longer hear its sweet sound. Though I've grown old, the bell still rings for me, as it does for all who truly believe.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Beguilement|Lakewalker legends say the gods abandoned the world when the first malice came. And that they will return when the earth is entirely cleansed of its spawn. If you believe in gods.""Do you?""I believe they are not here, yes. It's a faith of sorts.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|What he knew, he knew from books, and books lied, they made things prettier.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|We probably lose the battles, but we win the wars!
J. Courtney Sullivan, Saints for All Occasions|It was amazing that you did not become your grief entirely, and walk about leaking it everywhere.
Charles Caleb Colton|Power will intoxicate the best hearts, as wine the strongest heads. No man is wise enough, nor good enough to be trusted with unlimited power.
E. M. Crane|I guess I think differently than most folks. I think the reason the world is a mystical, enchanting place, is because of the cycle of life. My body will decompose, but maybe some little element of it will be transformed into a particle of dirt, over years and years,and then a glorious flower will be nurtured by this particle of dirt. Then this flower will nourish a random bumblebee, who in turn will be eaten by a raven. So, in some future life, I'll be able to fly. I look forward to that. I've always admired the freedom of birds.
Homer Hickam, Rocket Boys|I had discovered that learning something, no matter how complex, wasn't hard when I had a reason to want to know it.
Mark Gevisser|Remember one thing as South Africa prepares to go to the polls this week and the world grapples with the ascendancy of the African National Congress leader Jacob Zuma: South Africa is not Zimbabwe.In South Africa, no one doubts that Wednesday's elections will be free and fair. While there is an unacceptable degree of government corruption, there is no evidence of the wholesale kleptocracy of Robert Mugabe's elite. While there has been the abuse of the organs of state by the ruling ANC, there is not the state terror of Mugabe's Zanu-PF. And while there is a clear left bias to Zuma's ANC, there is no suggestion of the kind of voluntarist experimentation that has brought Zimbabwe to its knees.
José Saramago, The Stone Raft|The virtue of maps, they show what can be done with limited space, they foresee that everything can happen therein.
Avina Celeste|I will die, yes, that is true, but first I will live to my heart's content.
Judd Rose|Power is given only to those who dare to lower themselves and pick it up. Only one thing matters, one thing; to be able to dare!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leadership is about focus and concentrations. To be in focus, choose a clear direction. To concentrate, remain in that direction!
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|You’re innocent until proven guilty,” Mandy exclaimed, unable to hide her gleeful smile. She missed the way people used to have normal conversations, used to be more caring for each other than themselves, back in the Seventies and Eighties. These days, she realized, neighbors kept to themselves, their kids kept to themselves, nobody talked to each other anymore. They went to work, went shopping and shut themselves up at home in front of glowing computer screens and cellphones… but maybe the nostalgic, better times in her life would stay buried, maybe the world would never be what it was. In the 21st century music was bad, movies were bad, society was failing and there were very few intelligent people left who missed the way things used to be… maybe though, Mandy could change things. Thinking back to the old home movies in her basement, she recalled what Alecto had told her. “We wanted more than anything else in the world to be normal, but we failed.” The 1960’s and 1970’s were very strange times, but Mandy missed it all, she missed the days when Super-8 was the popular film type, when music had lyrics that made you think, when movies had powerful meanings instead of bad comedy and when people would just walk to a friend’s house for the afternoon instead of texting in bed all day. She missed soda fountains and department stores and non-biodegradable plastic grocery bags, she wished cellphones, bad pop music and LED lights didn’t exist… she hated how everything had a diagnosis or pill now, how people who didn’t fit in with modern, lazy society were just prescribed medications without a second thought… she hated how old, reliable cars were replaced with cheap hybrid vehicles… she hated how everything could be done online, so that people could just ignore each other… the world was becoming much more convenient, but at the same time, less human, and her teenage life was considered nostalgic history now.Hanging her head low, avoiding the slightly confused stare of the cab driver through the rear view mirror, she started crying uncontrollably, her tears soaking the collar of her coat as the sun blared through the windows in a warm light.
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|I could shove this swizzle stick through his heart, Min thought. She wouldn’t do it, of course. The stick was plastic and not nearly pointed enough on the end. Also people didn’t do things like that in Southern Ohio. A sawed-off shotgun, that was the ticket.
Christy A. Campbell, The Sharing Moon|He reflects on all the times he thought she wasn’t sure of her feelings for him, when perhaps she might’ve been taking a leisurely stroll across Elijah’s heart, leaving footprints behind that he’d never seen.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|You have traveled far, but the hardest part of a journey is always the next step.
Wendy Shalit|If vulgarity is a game that begins by excluding women, but ultimately excludes men from themselves, modesty is the game both can play. It begins as a woman’s game – one, interestingly, where she appears to lose, to be ‘missing out’ – but really she invites a man to relate to her in a way that is both uniquely human and ultimately more erotic. So modesty maysuperficially seem just to be a woman’s game because it is one she must begin, but in playing it she invites men to relate to her in a different way, a way that ultimately means that the men win, too, because they are no longer cut off from adult masculinity.
Joyce Banda|As musicians and artists, it's important we have an environment - and I guess when I say environment, I really mean the industry, that really nurtures these gifts. Oftentimes, the machine can overlook the need to take care of the people who produce the sounds that have a lot to do with the health and well-being of society.
David T. Dellinger, Revolutionary Nonviolence: Essays|This is a diseased world in which it is impossible for anyone to be fully human. One way or another, everyone who lives in the modern world is sick or maladjusted.
Obert Skye, Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra|There are times in a person's life when he or she must make a choice to believe. I choose to believe the sun will rise tomorrow. I also choose to believe that if you go to bed hungry you will wake up ready to eat. I've met a group of men in a faraway country who choose to believe that if you stand on a tree stump for an hour you will gain sympathy for trees. I am already quite sympathetic to trees, so I choose to think they are bonkers.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Pride is the luxury of the strong".
Anne Hathaway|My mom is just someone who's easy to talk to and hang with. My sister, it's always cool to be able to help her out with things. My brother is fun when we're just joking and messing around. And my dad is someone who's helpful with my music and easy to talk to about that stuff because he understands me in that sense.
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|Alcohol initially makes man strong after a brief time, then makes a man ‘weak’ after a ‘week,’ after a ‘month’ - it affects his ‘health’ and after a ‘year,’ his life ends with ‘tear.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no such thing as destruction in this world. Eternal Thing [vastu] is not destroyed, its phase state (avastha) is destroyed.
A.H. Amin, Psychs|A book is a private thing, citizen; it belongs to the one who writes it and to the one who reads it. Like the mind itself, a book is a private space. Within that space, anything is possible. The greatest evil and the greatest good.
Agatha Christie, The Secret Adversary|Two young adventurers for hire. Willing to do anything, go anywhere. Pay must be good. No reasonable offer refused.
Paul Bogard, The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light|Anyway," continued Mr. Miller, "when I was a kid, people used to sit under the stars at night and look up into the sky and talk about things. They got to know each other. People Today is too busy staring at the television, what I call the idiot box, to talk about anything. That's why there are so many divorces these days. People don't talk
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is only in the presence of God, we find the fullness of life and joy.
Jessica Verday, The Hollow|I de­ci­ded right then and the­re to ma­ke a snic­ker­do­od­le per­fu­me to we­ar, so that one day he wo­uld sniff me li­ke that.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|Cincinatti was where I learned that running away from your problems has a three-month statute of limitations, a lesson I have found repeatedly to be true. Three months is still a first impression -- of a city, of other people, of yourself in that place. But there comes a point when you can no longer hide who you are, and the reactions of others become all too familiar...
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Once when I had remarked on the affection quite often found between cat and dog, my friend replied, "Yes. But I bet no dog would ever confess it to the other dogs.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|15.	“We all want to be happy and feel valued. We want love, connection, respect, confidence, health, vitality, passion, kindness, and success. When you generously provide these emotions for others, you activate the law of attraction to magnetize the same experiences for you.
Peter Walker, How Cycling Can Save the World|How strange it (the earthquake) must all have seemed to them, here where they lived so safely always! They thought such a dreadful thing could happen to others, but not to them. That is the way!
Sophocles, Ajax|If Fred's history will seem less unbiased then some would wish, let it never be overlooked that it is no small task to record a history of hate when one is among the hated.
Marcia Conner, The New Social Learning: A Guide to Transforming Organizations Through Social Media|In what is known as the 70/20/10 learning concept, Robert Eichinger and Michael Lombardo, in collaboration with Morgan McCall of the Center for Creative Leadership, explain that 70 percent of learning and development takes place from real-life and on-the-job experiences, tasks, and problem solving; 20 percent of the time development comes from other people through informal or formal feedback, mentoring, or coaching; and 10 percent of learning and development comes from formal training.
P.D. James|Open your mind to new experiences, particularly to the study of other ­people. Nothing that happens to a writer – however happy, however tragic – is ever wasted.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Life is a balanced system of learning, adjusting, and evolving. Whether pleasure or pain; every situation in your life serves a purpose. It is up to us to recognize what that purpose could be.
Jack Byrne|If I had a wish, I would turn you to a pair of shoes to keep you under my feet and you get an opportunity to be under the bed too.
Basith, Autopsy of the seasons|You can't do that, it makes too much sense.
W.G. Sebald, Vertigo|Tudo parecia organizado da melhor forma possível, como se de fato o mundo constasse somente de palavras, como se assim o próprio horror fosse trazido para dimensões seguras, como se para cada aspecto de uma coisa houvesse um reverso, para cada mal um bem, para cada dissabor um prazer, para cada infelicidade uma felicidade e para cada mentira um quinhão de verdade.
José Saramago|Yes. But I let you leave again, last year after you were crowned. And all those nights I brought you to Wonderland in your dreams, even though it pained me for you to abandon our dreamscapes and return to the mortal realm, I let you go each morning to live your reality there. It may not seem much when compared to your mortal’s gallantry. But for me—self-seeking, arrogant prig that I am—that is the sincerest form of sacrifice. Letting you go. Do you not see that?
Satish Kumar, The Buddha and the Terrorist|Someone, somewhere, needs to take courage to break the cycle of violence. Forgiveness is superior to justice. Being kind and compassionate to those who are good to you is easy. True forgiveness and compassion come only when one is able to forgive even those who have committed barbaric acts. If Angulimala is capable of renouncing violence, then tell me, your Majesty: is your civilized society also capable of being truly civilized and renouncing violence?
Michael  Jackson, Moonwalk|She was dressing for the life she wanted, not the one she had.
Mark Skousen|No one has any faith in the tape anymore - everyone just relies on computers and considers the hardrive to be the safest option, and I don't. I think an analog tape is something you can hold.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|But Christian illiteracy is only the first part of the crisis. Even more seriously, even for those who think they speak “Christian” fluently, the faith itself is often misunderstood and distorted by many to whom it is seemingly very familiar. They think they are speaking the language as it has always been understood, but what they mean by the words and concepts is so different from what these things have meant historically, that they would have trouble communicating with the very authors of the past they honor.
Karl Barth|There does not exist any more a holy mountain or a holy city or holy land which can be marked on a map. The reason is not that God’s holiness in space has suddenly become unworthy of Him or has changed into a heathen ubiquity. The reason is that all prophecy is now fulfilled in Jesus, and God’s holiness in space, like all God’s holiness, is now called and is Jesus of Nazareth.
Toni mastertfrf|He killed himself for wanting to live, for wanting to find someone that would love him, someone that would actually love him enough to want to be with him in his life, he did found rare people like that in his lonely search but they were already with another someone, no need for him to interfere, he killed himself because all his dreams were never nothing more than dreams, he killed himself because he was a failure, he killed himself because that someone never showed up to him.
Kenneth Branagh|I emphasize self-esteem, self-confidence, and dignity, not as an ideal, but as a real test of community organization. Without leadership development, community organizations do not have staying power.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|They ran their heads very hard against wrong ideas, and persisted in trying to fit the circumstances to the ideas instead of trying to extract ideas from the circumstances.
Condoleezza Rice|The power of storytelling is to free us from isolation, shame, and whatever the situation.
Michael Marshall Smith, Spares|Remember young man, unceasingly,' Father Paissy began, without preface, 'that the science of this world, which has become a great power, has, especially in the last century, analysed everything divine handed down to us in the holy books. After this cruel analysis the learned of this world have nothing left of all that was sacred of old. But they have only analysed the parts and overlooked the whole, and indeed their blindness is marvelous. Yet the whole world still stands steadfast before their eyes, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it Has it not lasted nineteen centuries, is it not still a living, a moving power in the individual soul and in the masses of the people? It is still as strong and living even in the souls of atheists, who have destroyed everything! For even those who have renounced Christianity and attack it, in their inmost being still follow the Christian ideal, for hitherto neither their subtlety nor the ardor of their hearts has been able to create a higher ideal of man and of virtue than the ideal given by Christ of old.
George Harrison|Lance Armstrong, the famous cyclist and more importantly, cancer survivor, has said 'if you ever get a second chance for something, you've got to go all the way.'
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Each step of your current journey will take you to new and interesting worlds of opportunity and as every intrepid explorer knows, when one visits strange new lands one must be aware of their customs.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|So is it just human nature to believe that things happen for a reason — to find some shred of meaning even in the worst experiences?" Molly asks when Vivian reads some of these stories aloud."It certainly helps," Vivian says.
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|When it is recalled that until the Christian era the underworld was never regardded as a hostile area, that all gods were useful and essentially friendly to man despite occasional lapsesl when we see the steady methodical inculcation into humanity of the idea of man's worthlesseness - until redeemed - the necessity of the Devil may become evident as a weapon, a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or church state.
Elizabeth George, Life Management for Busy Woman: Growth and Study Guide|Think of a ball of steel as large as the world, and a fly alighting on it once every million years. When the ball of steel is rubbed away by the friction, eternity will not even have begun.
Benedictine prayer|Dear God, give bread to those who are hungry and a hunger and thirst for justice to those who have plenty. Amen.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|No crime too small’ was never exactly Moriarty’s slogan, but the criminal genius would apply himself to minor offences if an unusual challenge was presented.
Linda Hunt|Job plunges into a series of demands on and accusations of God which may be and indeed are epigrams of high intelligence, but are not noticeably patient.
Molière, The Misanthrope|You may plainly perceive the traitor through his mask; he is well known every-where in his true colors; his rolling eyes and his honeyed tones impose only on those who do not know him. People are aware that this low-bred fellow, who deserves to be pilloried, has, by the dirtiest jobs, made his way in the world; and that the splendid position he has acquired makes merit repine and virtue blush. Yet whatever dishonourable epithets may be launched against him everywhere, nobody defends his wretched honour. Call him a rogue, an infamous wretch, a confounded scoundrel if you like, all the world will say “yea, ” and no one contradicts you. But for all that, his bowing and scraping are welcome everywhere; he is received, smiled upon, and wriggles himself into all kinds of society; and, if any appointment is to be secured by intriguing, he will carry the day over a man of the greatest worth. Zounds! these are mortal stabs to me, to see vice parleyed with; and sometimes times I feel suddenly inclined to fly into a wilderness far from the approach of men.
Louis Farrakhan|Me don't dip on nobody's side. Me don't dip on the black man's side, not the white man's side. Me dip on God's side, the one who create me and cause me to come from black and white.
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|To throw away an honest friend is, as it were, to throw your life away
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|If you hope for any sort of dialogue and unity with all factions on the vaguely leftist or radical side of politics, you must cease from silly verbal abuse. If you don't want it, then we go on as we are, fractious and impotent.
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|Jazz was about the spaces between notes. It was about what happened when you listened to the thing inside you. The gaps and the cracks. Because that was where life really happened, when you were brave enough to free-fall.
Marcel Achard|Women have a passion for mathematics. They divide their age in half, double the price of their clothes, and always add at least five years to the age of their best friend.
James McBride, Song Yet Sung|There are those that can and those that can't, which catagory are you???
Ross Butler|Cyber attacks are not what makes the cool war 'cool.' As a strategic matter, they do not differ fundamentally from older tools of espionage and sabotage.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|How we love others is affected by how we love ourselves, and for the first time in a long time, I was whole.
Wole Soyinka|Books are such a great way to spend time with your children, open lines of communication with your children, and just build that strong foundation.
Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence|All true believers have good reasons for disbelieving in every god except their own,' said Birbal, 'and so it is they who, between them, give me all the reasons for believing in none.
Sunday Adelaja|If Verity's sins were knives, quick and vicious, then Prosperity's were poison. Slow, insidious, but just as deadly.
H.L. Mencken|The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
Deyth Banger|This feeling of being in proximity to something that’s lost to you, it seems like my whole life right now.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I am a fugitive and a vagabond, a sojourner seeking signs.
Jon McGregor, So Many Ways to Begin|At Christmas, all roads lead home.
Stephen Colbert, I Am America|During the Cold War of the 1950s, American spies were issued eyeglasses with thick, clunky frames. If captured, they were trained to casually chew the curved earpieces, where fatal doses of cyanide were cast inside the plastic. It's these same horn-rimmed suicide glasses, the wrangler says, that inspired the look of Buddy Holly and Elvis Costello. All those young hipsters wearing death on their nose.
Anna Godbersen, Splendor|When the dead betray the living, the victims are memories.--The Book of Brin
Kaylea Cross, Avenged|Sad hotels existed everywhere, to be sure, but the Dolphin was in a class of its own. The Dolphin Hotel was conceptually sorry. The Dolphin Hotel was tragic.
Andrea Hairston, Redwood and Wildfire|You want me to lie for you?" Aidan asked, watching
Idries Shah, Wisdom of the Idiots|Our objective is to achieve, by the understanding of the Origin, the Knowledge which comes through experience.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|We love our partners for who they are, not for who they are not.
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|Oftentimes have I heard you speak of one who commits a wrong as though he were not one of you, but a stranger unto you and an intruder upon your world.But I say that even as the holy and the righteous cannot rise beyond the highest which is in each one of you,So the wicked and the weak cannot fall lower than the lowest which is in you also.And as a single leaf turns not yellow but with the silent knowledge of the whole tree,So the wrong-doer cannot do wrong without the hidden will of you all.Like a procession you walk together towards your god-self.You are the way and the wayfarers.And when one of you falls down he falls for those behind him, a caution against the stumbling stone.Ay, and he falls for those ahead of him, who though faster and surer of foot, yet removed not the stumbling stone.
Eric Schlosser, Fast Food Nation: The Dark Side of the All-American Meal|Lowe has broken from the Christianity of his parents, a faith that now seems hopelessly out of date. The meek shall no longer inherit the earth; the go-getters will get it and everything that goes with it. The Christ who went among the poor, the sick, the downtrodden, among lepers and prostitutes, really had no marketing savvy. He has been transfigured into a latter-day entrepreneur, the greatest superstar sales person of all time, who built a multinational outfit from scratch.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|Any belief worth embracing will stand up to the litmus test of scrutiny. If we have to qualify, rationalize, make exceptions for, or turn a blind eye to maintain a belief, then it may well be time to release that belief.
Joyce Brothers|Success is never final, but failure can be.
Elyn R. Saks, Refusing Care: Forced Treatment and the Rights of the Mentally Ill|Mental illness" is among the most stigmatized of categories.' People are ashamed of being mentally ill. They fear disclosing their condition to their friends and confidants-and certainly to their employers.
Walter Marin, Positive Attraction: Seven Simple Steps for More Love, Money, and Happiness|When you change yourself, you inspire others, and this inspiration changes the world.
|A daily habit of reflecting on the things that are good in your life, would surely help you to realize that your life is not as bad as you may think.
Ernst Mayr|On The Practice, I get to do what I love to do, and I am making a contribution that will, in the end, help raise social consciousness, dispel some of the myths about being large, and change the way that people view and interact with large people.
Tambré Bryant|Meditation is the glue that holds our mind, body, and spirit together
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|The anarch is oriented to facts, not ideas. He fights alone, as a free man, and would never dream of sacrificing himself to having one inadequacy supplant another and a new regime triumph over the old one. In this sense, he is closer to the philistine; the baker whose chief concern is to bake good bread; the peasant, who works his plow while armies march across his fields.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|An oath is a frightening thing when you are prepared to keep it, and I felt it tightening around my soul even as I gave my pledge.
Angelos Ioannis, The Reencounter: A Spiritual Journey|Whenever you are seeking for too long, it is because you are rushing. Whenever you are not finding, it is because you don’t want to seek.
Christopher Moore, Sacre Blue|And I'll have you know that if you hurt my son again, if he so much as sighs sadly over his coffee, I will hire a man, a Russian, probably, to hunt you down and rip all that shiny black hair from your head, then break your skinny arms and legs, and set you on fire, and then put you out with a hammer. And should there be children from your beastly rutting, I shall have the Russian man cut them to tiny pieces and feed them to Madame Jacob's dog. because, although he may be only a worthless, simpleminded, libertine artist, Lucien is my favorite, and I will not have him hurt. Do you understand?
Courtney Brandt, Confessions of a Teenage Band Geek|Denny and McDaniel go into the percussion room and grab a bizarre metal contraption. Denny lifts it over his head and I give him a strange look, to which he responds like I’m a five year old, “Carr-i-er.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Count your smiles, not your frowns.
M.J. Mandrake, Death on the Wind|I forgive,” Penny said. “But I don’t forget. I’ll remember the kind of gum you were chewing when you did me wrong.
Robert Fulghum|When tadpole was born, I spent a sleepless night on the maternity ward gazing intently into her inky, newborn eyes, grappling to come to terms with the indisputable fact that this was an actual person looking back at me, not just a version of Mr Frog, or me, or both, in miniature. From the outset she seemed to know what she wanted, and I realised I could have no inkling of the paths she would choose to follow. But if I watch her life unfold carefully enough, perhaps I will see clear signposts pointing to who or what she will become.Because when I look backwards, ransacking my own past for clues with the clarity that only hindsight can bring, several defining moments do stand out. Moments charged with significance; snapshots of myself which, if I were to join the dots together, lead me unswervingly to where I stand today.
Michael Bloomberg|I tell kids to pursue their basketball dreams, but I tell them to not let that be their only dream.
Scott Stabile|We have to figure out a kinder way to connect with each other, and practice at it every day. Make it a think we love to do. One of our favorite things, in fact. Until it becomes our only way of being.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 3: Bonds of Blood|I will give you a few guarantees of my own, Mukthar. I guarantee that before the sun sets, even if you win, even if my cold, dead body is lying on the field, you will rue the day you ever set foot in the Plains. For every inch you advance I'll exact gallons of Mukthar blood. I guarantee that there will be not one family of the Bear Mukthars or they will mourn at least one of theirs. I guarantee that even if you are triumphant the fruits of victory will taste like dust in your mouth. I guarantee that if you fail to kill me today, you will meet me again. You will meet me at the Ximerionian border. You will meet me at every city, town, village, and hamlet. You will meet me on every Amirathan crossroad, on every hill. I will fight you with every sword at my command, with every arrow, with every dagger. I will fight you with pitchforks. I will fight you with the very rocks of the land you try to conquer. I will never, never, never gi
Rainn Wilson, The Bassoon King: My Life in Art, Faith, and Idiocy|Entheogens (or psychedelics, to be more historically correct) have now been recognized as the mother of our Western ecology and conservation movements, as well as the entire field of transpersonal psychology and our apparent desire to return to some firsthand spiritual and/or mystical understanding of G/d (rather than blindly accepting traditional religious dogma without an experiential basis.
Ovid, Metamorphoses|And now the measure of my song is done: The work has reached its end; the book is mine, None shall unwrite these words: nor angry Jove, Nor war, nor fire, nor flood, Nor venomous time that eats our lives away. Then let that morning come, as come it will, When this disguise I carry shall be no more, And all the treacherous years of life undone, And yet my name shall rise to heavenly music, The deathless music of the circling stars. As long as Rome is the Eternal City These lines shall echo from the lips of men, As long as poetry speaks truth on earth, That immortality is mine to wear.
F.Scott Fitzgerlad|This is part of the beauty of all literature. You discover that your longings are universal longings, that you're not lonely and isolated from anyone. You belong.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you catch poisonous fish, throw it back into the sea.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends. Books became her friends and there was one for every mood.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|There's wickedness, dark as night. There are things that are wicked and if you touch them, they know you. They know where to find you now. - Knock Knock
Elize Amornette, The Private Emotions Trilogy Romance Novels|David Hudson was rising in the political field. As a senator from New York, he had it all – good looks, a well-known family name and the finances to go with it, but for David, it was never enough. He graduated from an Ivy League school at the top of his class, and his parents were political royalty in America so he grew up in the spotlight with all of the luxuries one could imagine.
M.K. Bhutta|I profess myself an enemy to all other joys, which the most precious square of sense possesses, and find I am alone felicitate in your dear highness love.
Dwight D. Eisenhower, At Ease: Stories I Tell to Friends|Always try to associate yourself with and learn as much as you can from those who know more than you do, who do better than you, who see more clearly than you.
Avi|Make a wish,” Oliver said, gesturing to the upturned cup, “and turn it clockwise three times.
Chrissy Anderson, The Hope List|Some people are special because they're princes or princesses; or queens or kings! Some are special because they're presidents and senators; or because you can watch them on film! But what is the stuff that makes any person special? That makes any person more special than the world and everything in it? That would be love. Once you love someone? They're special, they're important. You make them important, it's your love that makes them more important than the whole world and everything in it! And guess what? That kind of important is real.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Freedom to order our own conduct in the sphere where material circumstances force a choice upon us, and responsibility for the arrangement of our own life according to our own conscience, is the air in which alone moral sense grows and in which moral values are daily recreated in the free decision of the individual. Responsibility, not to a superior, but to one's own conscience, the awareness of a duty not exacted by compulsion, the necessity to decide which of the things one values are to be sacrificed to others, and to bear the consequences of one's own decision, are the very essence of any morals which deserve the name.
Sunday Adelaja|There is nothing to opinions, theymay be beautiful or ugly, smart or foolish, everyone can support them ordiscard them. But the teachings, you’ve heard from me, are no opinion,and their goal is not to explain the world to those who seek knowledge.They have a different goal; their goal is salvation from suffering. This iswhat Gotama teaches, nothing else.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|for there is nothing heavier than compassion. Not even one's own pain weighs so heavy as the pain one feels with someone, for someone, a pain intensified by the imagination and prolonged by a hundred echoes.
EverSkeptic|If lust and hate is the candyif blood and love tastes so sweetthen we give 'em what they wantHey, hey, give 'em what they wantSo their eyes are growing hazy 'cause they want to turn it on so their minds are soft and lazyWell, hey, give 'em what they wantIf lust and hate is the candyif blood and love tastes so sweetthen we give 'em what they wantSo their eyes are growing hazy 'cause they want to turn it onso their minds are soft and lazyWell who do you want to blame?Hey, hey, give 'em what they wantIf lust and hate is the candyif blood and love tastes so sweetthen we give 'em what they wantSo their eyes are growing hazy 'cause they want to turn it on so their minds are soft and lazy.Well who do you want to blame?
Debasish Mridha|Insomniacs know that there is something about the night. A darkness, an energy, a mystery that shrouds things. It hides things at the same time as it illuminates them. It is this thing that allows us to examine our thoughts in a way that we can't during the day. It is this thing that brings truth and clarity.
Sandeep Sahajpal|People blame their failures on past birth, destiny, surroundings, and rarely to self in the order of their evolved mental state. The converse is rather more true for the successful people.
Joem S. Aguilar|Small miracles happen every day, some people just don’t notice them.
John Barrymore|I hope that there's a difference between being childish and childlike and that I'm the latter, if you take my meaning. I often sort of wonder. I don't think I'm a terribly good grown-up; I don't take responsibility easily or well in many areas of life. Finance and stuff like that, I'm absolutely appalling.
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|Every physical response, every psychological change and every mental transformation starts with the mind.
Douglas Wilson, Angels in the Architecture: A Protestant Vision for Middle Earth|An endless series of gambits backed by gigantic investments encouraged young people entering the online world for the first time to create standardized presences on sites like Facebook. Commercial interests promoted the widespread adoption of standardized designs like the blog, and these designs encouraged pseudonymity in at least some aspects of their designs, such as comments, instead of the proud extroversion that characterized the first wave of web culture.Instead of people being treated as the sources of their own creativity, commercial aggregation and abstraction sites presented anonymized fragments of creativity as products that might have fallen from the sky or been dug up from the ground, obscuring the true sources.
Paul Davies, About Time: Einstein's Unfinished Revolution|(On the energy radiated by the Sun)It's four hundred million million million million watts. That is a million times the power consumption of the United States every year, radiated in one second, and we worked that out by using some water, a thermometer, a tin, and an umbrella. And that's why I love physics.
James W. Blinn, The Aardvark Is Ready For War|They’re criminal, but I’m a villain in someone’s untold story.
Chiwetel Ejiofor|When I think back to my childhood, it's with a mixture of amusement and embarrassment. I was always forgetting things. My mum called me scatty because I could never sit still. But there was no sense I was suffering from a medical condition as such.
Irvine Welsh, Trainspotting|You can only learn through failure, and what ye learn is the importance ay preparation.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|he night beyond the window was still, mordant white snow, punctuated only by the eerie dark of the trees, gumshoeing their way along the edge of the path outside. Their skeletal fingers clawed up at the stars, held down by an insidious, weightless lacing of snowflakes. I gazed idly at the moon and wondered if it truly had the power to sway the will of men.
Jason Biggs|I tried to go to Kosovo to establish a statue to commemorate those who died during the wars, and to discuss moving on, so we could move into a new era. But I was banned from there.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|In other studies you go as far as other have gone before you, and there is nothing more to know; but in a scientific pursuit there is continual food for discovery and wonder.
Dada Bhagwan|When the outside intent (other than the intent of Pure Soul, Parbhaav) stops, he attains enlightened bliss of the Self (samadhi).
Elizabeth Varlet, Abounding Dawn|She was the lover of two mighty kings.She was their Chalice.The certainty of the knowledge settled over her shoulders like a weighty mantle. She might not know where she came from, but she knew where she was going. She knew who she wanted to be, who she was.She was the queen of Amendal, leader and protector of the dal.Time to start acting the part. She stood and pulled them up with her. Amendal was still in danger, and she would not stand for it any longer.By Aiea, and all the gods of Odren, no more would die today.
Brendan Iribe|As a child, I was fascinated by any branch of physical or biological science. Even today, I find great excitement in discovering the complexity and variability of the world we live in, getting a glimpse into the deeper reality that we mostly ignore in our everyday human activities.
Darynda Jones|No writer need feel sorry for himself if he writes and enjoys the writing, even if he doesn’t get paid for it.
Mark Capell, Run, Run, Run|The afternoon breeze would incite to a weird and flabby activity all that crowded mass of clothing, with its vague suggestions of drowned, mutilated and flattened humanity. Trunks without heads waved at you arms without hands; legs without feet kicked fantastically with collapsible flourishes; and there were long white garments, that taking the wind fairly through their neck openings edged with lace, became for a moment violently distended as by the passage of obese and invisible bodies. On these days you could make out that ship at a great distance by the multi-coloured grotesque riot going on abaft her mizzen-mast.
Thomas S. Monson|Don't be afraid to make an ass of yourself. I do it all the time, and look what I got." (Spoken at a graduation ceremony while holding aloft an honorary doctoral degree from McGill University)
Mark Twain, Collected Tales, Sketches, Speeches & Essays, 2 Vols|Ah, heavens and earth, friend, if you had made the acquiring of ignorance the study of your life, you could not have graduated with higher honor that you could to-day.
Deyth Banger|The ABC's success by Bob Proctor is one powerful book, such books are rare. Even sometimes it's hard to find a book which is based on somebody's experience... fantasy??For god sake, one drop truth which is about from 10% up to 20% and the other from 80% up to 90% it's a lie.
Lisa Kleypas, Again the Magic|He uttered a curse that startled her with its foulness, and gripped her head between his hands, forcing her to stare at him. His voice was savage. "For twelve years I have been in constant torment, wanting you in my arms and believing it would never be possible. I want you for a thousand reasons other than your legs, and...no, damn it, I want you for no reason at all, other than the fact that you're you. I want to shove myself deep inside you and stay for hours...days...weeks. I want morning and noon and nightfall with you. I want your tears, your smiles, your kisses...the smell of your hair, the taste of your skin, the touch of your breath on my face. I want to see you in the final hour of my life...to lie in your arms as I take my last breath.
Gabrielle Hamilton|But then, even with cuts, bruises and blood all over him, he looked like his jackass self again."- Alex Gold
Jeff Foster|The word “depressed” is spoken phonetically as “deep rest”. We can view depression not as a mental illness, but on a deeper level, as a profound, and very misunderstood, state of deep rest, entered into when we are completely exhausted by the weight of our own identity.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We are not as important to most people as we are to ourselves. As a matter of fact, we are—to most people—not important at all.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|Down there - he said - are people who will follow any dragon, worship any god, ignore any inequity. All out of a kind of humdrum, everyday badness. Not the really high, creative loathsomeness of the great sinners, but a sort of mass-produced darkness of the soul. Sin, you might say, without a trace of originality. They accept evil not because they say yes, but because they don't say no.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Our subject is, you see, impelled towards the good by, paradoxically, being impelled towards evil. The intention to act violently is accompanied by strong feelings of physical distress. To counter these the subject has to switch to a diametrically opposed attitude.
Israelmore Ayivor|Most people think confidence lies in an excessive rehearsal. It’s true that man has to prepare, plan and practice before projecting his purposes. But a time must definitely arrive when man has to put an end to learning and rehearsal and start practicing what he spent time learning.
Ansel Adams|You don't make a photograph just with a camera. You bring to the act of photography all the pictures you have seen, the books you have read, the music you have heard, the people you have loved.
Graham McNamee, Acceleration|Desiring the exhilarations of changes: The motive for metaphor, shrinking fromThe weight of primary noon ...
Agatha Christie, The Labours of Hercules|You know I don’t listen to market gossip,” she began,“but it is hard not to hear it when my daughter’s name is mentioned.
Christina Engela, Loderunner|What a prodigious conscience must that be that can be at quiet within itself whilst it harbors under thesame roof, with so agreeing and so calm a society, both the crime and the judge?
Anastasia Bolinder|The point of dreams was never to be the affordable option, it was the one everyone else saw as a mistake and every creative person saw as an opportunity.
Theodor W. Adorno, Metaphysics: Concept and Problems|There is a difference between what is wrong and what is evil. Evil is committed when clarity is taken away from what is clearly wrong, allowing wrong to be seen as less wrong, excusable, right, or an obligatory commandment of the Lord God Almighty.Evil is bad sold as good, wrong sold as right, injustice sold as justice. Like the coat of a virus, a thin veil of right can disguise enormous wrong and confer an ability to infect others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When they judge you, yawn.When they misunderstand you, smile.When they underestimate you, laugh.When they condemn you, ignore.When they envy you, rejoice.When they oppose you, prevail.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|All during that prison time I really lived by prayer. Be in prayer always, we're told, and back then I was.
Rob Brezsny, Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings|Afrikaans was the language of the white minority in South Africa, and the forced learning of it created resentment among blacks. Even so, Nelson Mandela made it a point to learn this language in prison in anticipation that it would help him lead the whole of South Africa.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan|They all wanted me to sell you out.”There was silence on the line. They both knew that Vlad knew too much about Roman’s business dealings—both legal and illegal. He could have made a fucking fortune on selling Roman out.“Why haven’t you?” Roman said, sounding unconcerned, as if he hadn’t doubted for a moment that Vlad wouldn’t do it.Vlad scowled and took a gulp of beer.“Because apparently I’m an idiot.
Marty Rubin|You can't judge the present by the past. Each day is different, and you live it differently.
Cathy O'Neil, Weapons of Math Destruction: How Big Data Increases Inequality and Threatens Democracy|The privileged, we’ll see time and again, are processed more by people, the masses by machines.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|Marriage, she felt, was a fine arrangement generally, except that one never got it generally. One got it very, very specifically.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Diaries|Nico di Angelo came into Olympus to a hero's welcome, his father right behind him, despite the fact that Hades was only supposed to visit Olympus in winter solstice. The God of the dead looked stunned when his relatives clapped him on the back. I doubt he'd ever got such an enthusiastic welcome before.
Søren Kierkegaard|A poet is an unhappy being whose heart is torn by secret suffrings, but whose lips are so strangely formed that when the sighs and the cries escape them, they sound like beautiful music. People corwd around the poet and say to him: "Sing for us soon again;" that is as much to say, "May new sufferings torment your soul.
Steven Sinofsky|Demonstrations must be dignified and nonviolent, as the overwhelming protests in Ferguson and Staten Island have been. Do not confuse anarchists who don't want the system to work and thugs who want to exploit a situation with the majority who from day one have operated with impeccable nonviolence and clear goals.
Tomas Berdych|Fitness, defending, the mental stuff - those were all weaknesses of mine. And I turned those into strengths.
Louis-Philippe Bossé|The sadness is in my heart,The hapiness in my brain,That's why I always think,cause even inside of it,I search where it could be...
Rebecca MacKinnon|Thanks to the Internet in general and social media in particular, the Chinese people now have a mechanism to hold authorities accountable for wrongdoing - at least sometimes - without any actual political or legal reforms having taken place. Major political power struggles and scandals are no longer kept within elite circles.
Laura Pritchett, Sky Bridge|If you’ve managed to do one good thing,the ocean doesn’t care.But when Newton’s applefell toward the earth,the earth, ever so slightly, felltoward the apple as well.
James A. Baldwin|Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
Emily Dickinson|When Jesus tells us about his Father, we distrust him. When he shows us his Home, we turn away, but when he confides to us that he is 'acquainted with Grief', we listen, for that also is an Acquaintance of our own.
Forrest Curran|The beauty of traveling is understood along the way rather than at the end of the journey, just as the purpose of marriage isn’t about becoming Mr. and Mrs.’s, but is about the love that is expressed on a daily basis between two lovers. A journey is not made up of the destinations that we arrive at, but is composed within every step and each breath we make.
Inio Asano, Goodnight Punpun Omnibus (2-in-1 Edition), Vol. 1|You were scared they were going to laugh at you, right? So let them! People who discourage others will never find their own happiness!
Rick Riordan|my sword reappeared in my pocket.yeah,great timing.now i could attack the walls all i wanted.my cell had no bar,no window,not even a door
Sherman Alexie, Ten Little Indians|It took a bit of popcorn and a library snack bar to make me realize that being a librarian was about more than just giving people information. It was about serving a community. And if the community is hungry for more than just knowledge, then maybe it’s about time to open a snack bar.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|May it not be that he loves chaos and destruction (there can be no disputing that he does sometimes love it) because he is instinctively afraid of attaining his object and completing the edifice he is constructing? Who knows, perhaps he only loves that edifice from a distance, and is by no means in love with it at close quarters; perhaps he only loves building it and does not want to live in it, but will leave it, when completed...
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|For you she learned to wear a short black slipand red lipstick,how to order a glass of red wineand finish it. She learned to reach outas if to touch your arm and then nottouch it, changing the subject.she'd begin, orTo call your best friendsby their schoolboy namesand give them kisses good-bye,to look away when they say! So your confidence grows.She doesn't ask what you wantbecause she knows.Isn't that what you think?When actually she was only waitingto be stunned, and then do this,never rehearsed, but perfectly obvious:in one motion up, over, and gone,the X of her arms crossing and uncrossing,her face flashing away from you in the fabricso that you couldn't say if she wasappearing or disappearing.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Every time a champion makes a decision they have a chance to learn something new, regardless of the outcome.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|To venture ... close (to a lion) on foot ... would mean the sudden shattering of any kindly belief that the similarity of the lion and the pussy cat goes much beyond their whiskers. But then, since men still live by the sword, it's a little optimistic to expect the lion to withdraw his claws, handicapped as he is by his inability to read our better effusions about the immorality of bloodshed.
L.M. Browning|The pace of this modern age is not conducive to maintaining one’s consciousness. Glued to our electronics, we are blind and deaf to the world around us. Run down by our long work days, we are too exhausted to think and too hurried to feel. The day ends in a haze of strained thoughts, numbness, and fatigue. And we rise the next morning only to start the cycle again. In this age of distraction, if you desire to fritter away your life with empty diversions, there is an abundance of gadgets available to aid you. Quietness is a characteristic of ages gone by. Our generation is the one it died with. Connected to the virtual world, we ignore the presence of those in our home. One can only hope we will awaken to the need for balance before we look up from the screen to find our loved ones have gone, and our life has passed us by.
Claudia Gray, Evernight|If you loved someone, you couldn’t let lies come between you. No matter what happened—even if you’d already lost each other forever—you owed each other the truth.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|When it comes to the heart and soul of the Jewish faith - the law of Moses - Jesus was adamant that his mission was not to abolish the law but to fulfill it (Matthew 5:17). That law made a clear distinction between relations among Jews and relations between Jews and foreigners. The oft-repeated commandment "love your neighbor as yourself" was originally given strictly in the context of internal relations within Israel. The verse in question reads: "You shall not take vengeance or bear a grudge against any of your people , but shall love your neighbor as yourself" (Leviticus 19:18). To the Israelites, as well to Jesus's community in first-century Palestine,"neighbor" meant one's fellow Jews. With regard to the treatment of foreigners and outsiders, oppressors and occupiers, however, the Torah could not be clearer: "You shall drive them out before you. You shall make no covenant with them and their gods. They shall not live in your land" (Exodus 23:31-33)
Michael Jordan|Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|Stories are propaganda, virii that slide past your critical immune system and insert themselves directly into your emotions. 
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|And there are never really endings, happy or otherwise. Things keep going on, they overlap and blur, your story is part of your sister's story is part of many other stories, and there is no telling where any of them may lead.
Steve Sheinkin, Bomb: The Race to Build—and Steal—the World's Most Dangerous Weapon|Everyone worked day and night, Monday through Saturday. Oppenheimer insisted people take Sundays off to rest and recharge. Scientists fished for trout in nearby streams, or climbed mountains and discussed physics while watching the sunrise. "This is how many discoveries were made," one scientist said.
Francis Assikinack|In my opinion, it was chiefly owing to their deep contemplation in their silent retreats in the days of youth that the old Indian orators acquired the habit of carefully arranging their thoughts.They listened to the warbling of birds and noted the grandeur and the beauties of the forest. The majestic clouds—which appear like mountains of granite floating in the air—the golden tints of a summer evening sky, and the changes of nature, possessed a mysterious significance.All of this combined to furnish ample matter for reflection to the contemplating youth.
James E. Lovelock, The Revenge of Gaia|The ocean, just outside, seeped into everything. An olfactory reminder to everyone passing through the Ellis Island of the space age that Earth was absolutely unique to the human race. The birthplace of everything. The salt water flowing in everyone’s veins first pulled from the same oceans right outside the building. The seas had been around longer than humans, had helped create them, and then when they were all dead, it’d take their water back without a thought.
Ray Anyasi, How to Terrorize Terrorism: a more effective answer to global terrorism|The multifaceted nature of the strong points of the enemy in this brutal warfare calls for nothing less than a global scale collaborative response that is stubbornly radical, yet humanely civil.
Andrew Rilstone, Where Dawkins Went Wrong|Trust your own reason and your own logic, not your own media!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Americans deify democracy in a way that allows for a dim awareness that they have, from time to time, stood in defiance of their God. But democracy is a forgiving God and America's heresies—torture, theft, enslavement—are so common among individuals and nations that none can declare themselves immune.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Pursued by grace and supernatural power from God, I will passionately pursued my most cherished dreams.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|Did you just tell us you're gay?" Asks Nick"Yes.""Okay," he says. Abby swats him. "What?""That's all you're going to say? Okay?""He said not to make a big deal out of it," Nick says. "What am I supposed to say?""Say something supportive. I don't know. Or awkwardly hold his hand like I did. Anything"Nick and I look at each other."I'm not holding your hand," I tell him, smiling a little."All right"--he nods--"but know that I would.
Arthur Ashe|Why not break free now, and make Bingtown a place where folk begin anew, all men standing on an equal footing?""And all women, too."She must be Sparse's daughter, thought Keffria. Even her voice echoed his in tone. Devouchet looked at her in surprise."It was but a manner of speaking, Ekke," he said mildly."A manner of speaking becomes a manner of thinking.
Alyssa Day, Atlantis Unmasked|I’ve trusted human women before. Twice. The first died, and the second paid a terrible price and despises me. Never, ever again.
Will Hewett|Time bows to authentic commitment, and it stretches to accommodate it.
John Mark Green|I am no blank slate for love to write on.My heart has walls marred with cracks,bloodstains, and bullet holes;graffitied over by past lovers.
Xavier Dolan|I believe that architecture is fundamentally a public space where people can gather and communicate, think about the history, think about the lives of human beings, or the world.
Nancy Pelosi|If we ever established contact with intelligent life on another world, there would be barriers to communication. First, they would be many light years away, so signals would take many years to reach them: there would be no scope for quick repartee. There might be an IQ gap.
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|I have no life there if you're not in it. You're part of everything good I've ever done, Ryen. Please.
David Benioff, City of Thieves|No worries and no goodbyes, just give me a smile.
James Allen, The Wisdom of James Allen: Five Books in One: As a Man Thinketh: The Path to Prosperity: The Mastery of Destiny: The Way of Peace: Entering the Kingdom|A teacher is a sower of seed, a spiritual agriculturist, while he who teaches himself is the wise farmer of his own mental plot.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|Insecurity is debilitating. It cripples your motivation and breaks your spirit. The condition is NOT insurmountable, but healing will only begin when self loathing ends. Once you learn to love the person you are, there are no limits to the person you can become.
Edith Wharton, Xingu and other Stories|Beyond the obvious facts that he has at some time done manual labour, that he takes snuff, that he is a Freemason, that he has been in China, and that he has done a considerable amount of writing lately, I can deduce nothing else.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Don't wait for the law of attraction to happen to you; make it happen for you, by taking action. Once you do this, you will experience the law of revelation.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|If you live the same day, week, or year that you have always lived, your life will never get any better. Let yourself actually live. Fix what is broken in your life. Explore what you have left unexplored. Find the discomfort of the new and embrace it. Enjoy all that life has to offer.
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Bound|devotion, admiration and trust. No words really needed for such feelings. As all creatures know of theseunique colors in the rainbow of Love....
Steven Magee, Electrical Forensics|Incorrect radiation levels may be able to affect your sex drive and it may be proven in the future that human sex drive is governed more by radiation types and levels than any other factor, even more so than hormones! Generally, a feeling of contentment replaces sexual desire in natural radiation environments.
Mark Miodownik, Stuff Matters: Exploring the Marvelous Materials That Shape Our Man-Made World|You know what all the plutonium can buy me?" "Yeah it'll buy you one hell of a funeral!" Angel says angrily to man who was behind everything!
Annette Curtis Klause, Freaks: Alive, on the Inside!|Conflict of interest. I wanted to date somebody who was less screwed up than me, and she wasn't.
Corey M.P., High|You live your life without realizing these things until you take yourself away from the usual stuff, even for a brief moment…only then do you see your life in a different perspective.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Love and war. Same coin. Different sides. I'm too wrinkled for either.""Maybe war will breathe some life into your old bones.""Well, I tried love last month." He leans close. "Didn't work like it used to.""Too honest, Lorn." I can't help but laugh.
Gene Luen Yang, Avatar: The Last Airbender: The Search, Part 1|Family is in essence a small nation, and the nation a large family. In treating his own family with dignity, a ruler learns to govern his nation with dignity
Al Franken|When you encounter seemingly good advice that contradicts other seemingly good advice, ignore them both.
Ursula Vernon|Trolls have a longstanding animosity for goats--"Who's that trip-tapping across my bridge!?"--and this led me to think that perhaps trolls are related to goats, since it seems a lot more plausible to me that your relatives would make you insane than some random hooved mammal, however ecologically destructive it might be. What if trolls evolved from goats? Or, no, better yet, what if goats evolved from trolls? Or were domesticated from trolls by human shepherds? And the trolls despise their domesticated cousins as a disgrace to the once-proud troll race, (much as I assume wolves would despise Chihuahuas if they ever gave them much thought) and eat them at every opportunity.
Chris Ryan, Strike Back|Never say "I thought,so", after doing a blunder, always think, ask and do.
levi paul taylor|thought for the day.. we are only as strong and safe as the elements we allow into our inner circle rather than the belief of isolation, as a solution, which is foolish...LT
Chiyo Ni|But for their cries,The herons would be lostAmidst the morning snow.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Feathers fell from the sky. Like black snow, they drifted onto an old city called Bath.
Jami Davenport, Backfield in Motion|Beautyisn’t all about tooth whiteners, hard abs, and hundred-dollar lipstick. Beauty isabout growing old together, remembering when together, laughing together. If mypicture disgusts you, fine. Go look at the faces of women who named a price youcan buy them for. I’m not the kind of woman who will ever be for sale, and shameon you for not expecting more from a woman, or from yourself.
Laura Lippman, After I'm Gone|It was as if his fingers knew things, but they couldn't show him unless they were moving, touching. He had to think it was similar for carpenters and writers, and he knew it was the same for chefs.
Wade Davis, The Serpent and the Rainbow|A lot of people live miserably not because their lives are worse than others, but because their repeated negative interpretations of their experiences bring greater pain to their minds than their physical problems.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|This is love, I think. A place where people who have been alone may lock together like hawks and spin in the air, dizzy with surprise at the connection. A place you go willingly, and with wonder
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|It is necessary for the future scientists interested in the field of Neurotheology, to have a bit naïve approach towards the whole idea of God and religion beyond the conventional labels of religion and atheism.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|A mother has far greater influence on her children than anyone else, and she must realize that every word she speaks, every act, every response, her attitude, even her appearance and manner of dress affect the lives of her children and the whole family. It is while the child is in the home that he gains from his mother the attitudes, hopes, and beliefs that will determine the kind of life he will live and the contribution he will make to society.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Every revolution starts with the aim to help the poor, but when the poor get it they forget who they were and become the new oppressors. The cycle goes on forever
Kim Yannayon|People who pressure you usually deserve a “no". People who are patient with you usually deserve a “yes".
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|I sketched North America onto my crude and now crowded map, and Hao was astounded to learn that it was not a piece of Europe, as he had always assumed.
Kishore Bansal|...Violet followed her friend into the massive kitchen with its Restoration Hardware fixture and faux-weathered, farmhouse-style cabinets. Its perplexed Violet, the way people tried to make the insides of new homes look old.
Harriet Lerner, The Dance Of Anger: A Woman's Guide to Changing the Patterns of Intimate Relationships|You daughter is prudish?” There was a gleam of triumph in Helena Winter’s face. Fee grimaced. Prudish? No, not that she could claim. Far too mild a word for what she felt.
Stephen Dobyns, Velocities: New and Selected Poems, 1966-1992|Why are doors more difficult to openas if some sadness were leaning against them?Why do windows darken and trees bendwhen there is no wind? You call that occasionalroar the roar of a plane and I imaginea time when I might have believed that. But now the darkness has been going onfor too long, and I have accustomed myselfto the pleasure of thinking that soonthere will be no reason to hold on in this placewhere rocks are like water and it’s so difficultto find something solid to hold on to.
Paul Henri Thiry d'Holbach|The next day he woke up feeling like he'd been unshackled from his fat, like he'd been washed clean from his misery, and for a long time he couldn't remember why he felt this way, and then he said her name.
Sorrab Singha|Love not your dream but the road leading to it and you might still fail, but you shall definitely end up enjoying every moment of your life.
Bim Adewunmi|Every hurt buried deepin the mindhas an uncanny abilityto surface and make its presence feltwhen I am feeling low, hugging me like a long lost friend
Ewan McGregor|People are incredibly rude about it sometimes. Like, `What? You`re married?` Strange reaction to have. Proves what people`s ideas about marriage are. `We`re having a baby.` `What?` As if it`s the end of the world. Of course, it`s the start of a brilliant world.
Sam Killermann|Develop in your heart the feeling of love for your people and let it be the source of kindliness and blessing to them. Do not behave with them like a barbarian, and do not appropriate to yourself that which belongs to them. Remember that the citizens of the state are of two categories. They are either your brethren in religion or your brethren in kind. They are subject to infirmities and liable to commit mistakes.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing evinces the soul of an active mind and every era produced persons whom devoted their being to exploring the mysteries of life, seeking to discern answers pertaining how to resolve the complexities and paradoxes of life.
Mimi Jean Pamfiloff, Accidentally Married to...a Vampire?|I had to wonder, though, if there's something about a murderer, particularly a confident one, that gives him a certain charisma or charm that I, in particular, am susceptible to.I mean, there's a reason more women are attracted to Dracula than repelled by him.I made a resolution to myself. From now on, I'd assume that every man I was attracted to was a murderer until proven otherwise.Perhaps it wasn't the most promising strategy for starting a relationship, but I might live longer.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Think for a minute, darling: in fairy tales it's always the children who have the fine adventures. The mothers have to stay at home and wait for the children to fly in the window.
Niall Williams, History of the Rain|You’re so beautiful, Dominique. Its such a lovely accident on God’s part that there’s one person who matches inside and out.
Sylvain Neuvel, Sleeping Giants|I glance into the faces of all these people out for a Sunday stroll, but I'm not seeing eyes and noses and mouths. I'm seeing stories. Every person has a story. All the hopes and dreams. And fears. And secrets.In every face.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Don't just believe, EXPECT!! Make preparations to succeed & be open to receive!
Wolfgang Riebe, 100 Quotes to Make You Think!|When your dreams turn to dust, vacuum.
Vironika Tugaleva|Authenticity is not the search for uniqueness. An oak tree does not try to become an oak tree. A cactus does not try to become a cactus. All living things simply reach for nourishment - they reach for sun, reach for water, reach their roots deeper into the ground. By being open to receiving what they need, they become unique effortlessly. So let yourself fall open. Forget about crafting yourself a unique personality. Just allow. Allow in love. Allow pain. Allow desire. Allow learning. Allow healing. Allow frustration. Allow uncertainty. Allow yourself to experience what you must experience and learn what you need to learn, so that your uniqueness can emerge organically.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Love. The reason I dislike that word is that it means too much for me, far more than you can understand."- Anna Karenina {Anna Karenina}
Darrell Calkins|On an even subtler dimension, clarity, intuitive knowledge and contentment are primarily determined by chemical and hormonal balances in the body and brain. Most of this is entirely manipulable through fairly simple physical exercises that anyone can do.
Amit Kalantri|My ideas will not be discussed, they will be executed.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|The language we use can subtly influence our thinking. […]On the face of it, the term “web platform” seems harmless. Describing the web as a platform puts it on par with other software environments. Flash was a platform. Android is a platform. iOS is a platform. But the web is not a platform. The whole point of the web is that it is cross‐platform.
Robert Graves, Goodbye to All That|The purpose of marriage is not to have pleasure and to be idle, but to procreate and bring up children, to support a household. This, of course, is a huge burden full of great cares and toils. But you have been created by God to be a husband or a wife that you may learn to bear these troubles. Those who have no love for children are... unworthy of being called men or women; for they despise the blessing of God, the creator and author of marriage.
Robert Coover|When my father first took me to Ennis Library I went down among the shelves and felt company, not only the company of writers, but the readers too, because they had lifted and opened and read these books. The books were worn in a way they can only get worn by hands and eyes and minds
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|I felt the kind of desperation, I think, that cancels the possibility of empathy...that makes you unkind.
Jung Chang, Empress Dowager Cixi: The Concubine Who Launched Modern China|Cixi was not at the coronation. The majestic main part of the Forbidden City was out of bounds to her – because she was a woman. She still could not set foot in it, even though she was now the de facto ruler. In fact, when her sedan-chair went within sight of it, she had to close the curtain and show humility by not looking at it. Virtually all decrees were issued in the name of her son, as Cixi had no mandate to rule. It was with this crippling handicap that she proceeded to change China.”Excerpt From: Chang, Jung. “Empress Dowager Cixi.” Random House, 2013-09-25T18:30:00+00:00. iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.
Kristin Miller, So I Married a Werewolf|The reflection was that of a putrefying corpse. By some trick of the light, her face seemed sallow and slipping, the patches of darkness giving the appearance of skin sloughing off in small pockets. I’d almost forgotten the knife in my panic; the woman was far more dangerous than the weapon. Blood drizzled down the blade, obscuring the macabre reflection of Natalya’s face and suddenly I was transfixed by a thought that should have been immediate:Whose blood is that?
Adolfo Bioy Casares, The Invention of Morel|Mrs. Rouncewell holds this opinion because she considers that a family of such antiquity and importance has a right to a ghost. She regards a ghost as one of the privileges of the upper classes, a genteel distinction to which the common people have no claim.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you water your dreams with excellence, success will grow.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success, persistently plan and have a prospective and purpose.
Majd Bassel Ostah AlHusseini|Well, we come here to the Fastnesses mostly to learn what questions not to ask.""But you're the Answerers!""You don't see yet, Genry, why we perfected and practice Foretelling?""No––""To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|To the eyes of the American soldiers who drove past, I looked no different from the women around me; and as I thought of it, who could say I was any different? If you no longer have leaves, or bark, or roots, can you go on calling yourself a tree? "I am a peasant," I said to myself, "and not a geisha at all any longer." It was a frightening feeling to look at my hands and see their roughness. To draw my mind away from my fears, I turned my attention again to the truckloads of soldiers driving past. Weren't these the very American soldiers we'd been taught to hate, who had bombed our cities with such horrifying weapons? Now they rode through our neighborhood, throwing pieces of candy to the children.
Patrick Stuart, False Readings|Kulwar Wolters, a gloved man I suspect to be a Cliothaum, can and could be anywhere.Cliothaumy’s an illegal skill, rare and hard to learn. It lets you burn memory to twist the world in certain ways. The more you use it, the less you know why. Magic never gives you anything back, there’s always a trick. Kulwar Wolters used it rarely, if at all. But his fingertips were burnt, I think.
Douglas Conant|You can't be afraid to be honest and to be yourself. We all have imperfections and fall short at some point. Showing your human side creates a sensitivity, openness and trust. That's the beginning of the demise in a relationship - not being honest and not being you.
Auden Johnson, No Vacancy|Spittle flew from Jango’s lips as he shouted at the man in a woman’s voice that sounded like it was made of cyanide and sugar that had been laced with the patter of blood dripping on an abattoir floor, “This is the truth about The Killer, ain’t it baby? You’re just a big ol’ bag of screams under all that big, bad muscle, ain’t you?
Anton Chekhov, My Life|Generally, the lie is a denatured truth.Drama occurs when this truth is still nonexistent, and it must become exitent for the human being.
Ray Bradbury, A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories|The guard looked down at the scarlet bloodstains blooming on his chest. He appeared to think of something that he needed to say, but as his lips began to form the words, his knees gave up the strain of supporting his ruined bulk. He collapsed to the floor, his throat issuing a final sound like a bubbling casserole.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|It is true, there could be a metaphysical world; the absolute possibility of it is hardly to be disputed. We behold all things through the human head and cannot cut off this head; while the question nonetheless remains what of the world would still be there if one had cut it off.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be strong in spirit, you can conquer every circumstance.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Man's desire for the approval of his fellows is so strong, his dread of their censure so violent, that he himself has brought his enemy (conscience) within his gates; and it keeps watch over him, vigilant always in the interests of its master to crush any half-formed desire to break away from the herd.
Christy Leigh Stewart|Do you ever feel like we are the universe’s date to a pig party? Love, The Human Race
Robert Macfarlane, Mountains of the Mind: A History of a Fascination|Risk is uncertainty injected into our most vulnerable places. And because that’s the case, we may choose not to risk.
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|But you weren't born expecting that kind of beauty in everyone, all the time. You just got programmed into thinking anything else is ugly.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Avete mai amato così intensamente, spontaneamente, meravigliosamente da non poter conoscere altro amore? Da trasformare quell'amore in un amletico tormento? Da restare avvinghiati a una promessa per l'eternità?
C.S. Lewis, Surprised by Joy: The Shape of My Early Life|I am scared of the day, when they turn atheism into another religion for controlling masses.
Ellie Kemper|Landing on 'Morning Joe' wasn't a fluke. I was a poli sci major in college. I interned at the CBS political unit, covered conventions.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|The speed of modern life is an oppressive thing, and the corporate world is quick to punish those with an honest heart.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|...and he glanced at the backs of the books, with an awakened curiosity that went below the binding. No one who can read, ever looks at a book, even unopened on a shelf, like one who cannot.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|They argued because they liked argument, liked the swift run of the unfettered mind along the paths of possibility, liked to question what was not questioned.
Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr., The Cycles of American History|Imagine a wall that's green on one side and red on the other. You stand on one side and only see green. I stand on the other side and only see red. We'll both be right about the color we see, even though we disagree on what color the wall is. Being able to realize that the other person has a valid point, even if you disagree with it, that's maturity.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|In the United States, people don't revolt in order to obtain freedom, but continue denying it to others.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|My mother says I'm crazy, I'm not crazy, I just have a different way of looking at things.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|It’s horrible," she said.He looked at her in surprise. Horrible? Wasn’t that odd? He hadn’t thought that for years. For him the word “horror” had become obsolete. A surfeiting of terror made terror a cliché. To Robert Neville the situation merely existed as natural fact. It had no adjectives.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Drummond appreciated his guest's initial silence, his respect for the ancient, sacred act of imbibing. Drink first, talk later.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life:: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|I believe I will not not die a minute too early or a minute too late, but exactly when I am supposed to.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|I realized that the longing for art, like the longing for love, is a malady that blinds us, and makes us forget the things we already know, obscuring reality.
Pooja Ruprell|Gratitude is uplifting and helps you glow, stay beautiful, and feel eternally young as it churns up zeal and undying enthusiasm.
David Rockefeller|If I didn't choose art, I would have become an astronomer.
Mark Manson|When the standard of success becomes merely acting—when any result is regarded as progress and important, when inspiration is seen as a reward rather than a prerequisite—we propel ourselves ahead. We feel free to fail, and that failure moves us forward.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|What do you mean? What do you demand of your captain? Are you then so easily turned from your design? Did you not call this a glorious expedition? And wherefore was it glorious? Not because the way was smooth and placid as a southern sea, but because it was full of dangers and terror; because at every new incident your fortitude was to be called forth and your courage exhibited; because danger and death surrounded it, and these you were to brave and overcome. For this was it a glorious, for this was it an honourable undertaking. You were hereafter to be hailed as the benefactors of your species; your names adored as belonging to brave men who encountered death for honour and the benefit of mankind. And now, behold, with the first imagination of danger, or, if you will, the first mighty and terrific trial of your courage, you shrink away, and are content to be handed down as men who had not strength enough to endure cold and peril; and so, poor souls, they were chilly and returned to their warm firesides. Why that requires not this preparation; ye need not have come thus far, and dragged your captain to the shame of a defeat, merely to prove yourselves cowards. Oh! be men, or be more than men. Be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. Do not return to your families with the stigma of disgrace marked on your brows. Return as heroes who have fought and conquered, and who know not what it is to turn their backs on the foe.
Siri Hustvedt, The Sorrows of an American|Our memory fragments don't have any coherence until they're imagined in words. Time is a property of language, of syntax, and tense.
Michael Allan Scott|You don't die of a broken heart, it only wears you down—just another rainy day.” – Grey Daze
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|A house isn't a home without the ineffable contentment of a cat with its tail folded about its feet. A cat gives mystery, charm, suggestion.
Clarice Lispector|And now -- now it only remains for me to light a cigarette and go home. Dear God, only now am I remembering that people die. Does that include me?Don't forget, in the meantime, that this is the season for strawberries. Yes.
Fred Rogers|Anything that’s human is mentionable, and anything that is mentionable can be more manageable. When we can talk about our feelings, they become less overwhelming, less upsetting, and less scary. The people we trust with that important talk can help us know that we are not alone.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Detachment is being apathetic or aloof to other people, while un-attachment is acknowledging and honoring other people, while choosing not to let them influence your emotional well being. Detached would mean I do not care, while un-attached means I care, although I am not going to alter my emotional state due to your emotions, words, or actions.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Winter is not a season, it's an occupation.
Jonah Goldberg|We disapprove of state education. Than the socialists say that we are opposed to any education. We object to a state religion. Than the socialists say that we don't want an religion at all. We object to a state-enforced equality. Than they say that we are against equality. And so on, and so on. It is as if the socialists were to accuse us of not wanting persons to eat because we do not want the state to raise grain.
Margot Adler|We are not evil. We don't harm or seduce people. We are not dangerous. We are ordinary people like you. We have families, jobs, hopes, and dreams. We are not a cult. This religion is not a joke. We are not what you think we are from looking at T.V. We are real. We laugh, we cry. We are serious. We have a sense of humor. You don't have to be afraid of us. We don't want to convert you. And please don't try to convert us. Just give us the same right we give you--to live in peace. We are much more similar to you than you think.
Debasish Mridha|How much you are able to learn is determined by how much you are involved, how much you participate, and how many actions you take.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I shivered as the cold was all encompassing, not just from being outdoors, but from being read as well. He had a way of seeing through me. It was as unnerving as it was bonding and I couldn't figure out how the two could co-exist.
Eric Greitens, The Heart and the Fist: The Education of a Humanitarian, the Making of a Navy SEAL|Alone, human beings can feel hunger. Alone, we can feel cold. Alone, we can feel pain. To feel poor, however, is something we do only in comparison to others.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Curse of Wanyaka Cave|I hate you, Edgar. I hate you with all my heart.
Debasish Mridha|The more you give, the more you will have the ability to give.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the soul is set on fire, great things manifest.
Donna Goddard|To be creative, first we must be generous. Then we must have a quiet, indomitable belief in our own worth.
Dean Ornish|I believe in nourishment and having a balanced diet. I avoid bingeing and try and eat healthy, especially lots of amla, and drink lots and lots of water.
Leah LaBelle|Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored.
Natalie Goldberg, Wild Mind: Living the Writer's Life|It's okay to embark on writing because you think it will get you love. At least it gets you going, but it doesn't last. After a while you realize that no one cares that much. Then you find another reason: money. You can dream on that one while the bills pile up. Then you think: "Well, I'm the sensitive type. I have to express myself." Do me a favor. Don't be so sensitive. Be tough. It will get you further along when you get rejected.Finally, you just do it because you happen to like it.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Reading has been the fuel of my motivation: it has changed the direction in which I have traveled, and it has enhanced my creative imagination more than any other activity I have ever pursued.
Hermann Hesse|For me, insanity is super sanity. The normal is psychotic. Normal means lack of imagination, lack of creativity.
Yogi Berra|Cut my pie into four pieces, I don’t think I could eat eight.
Poul Anderson|So much American science fiction is parochial -- not as true now as it was years ago, but the assumption is one culture in the future, more or less like ours, and with the same ideals, the same notions of how to do things, just bigger and flashier technology. Well, you know darn well it doesn't work that way...
Pieter Niemand|I am a knight riding from tower to tower seeking a princess to rescue but all the dragons are slain, the towers are empty and the princesses taken.
Sunday Adelaja|You are a special and unique person, who has never lived before and who will never live in the future
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|The whole life of the individual is nothing but the process of giving birth to himself; indeed, we should be fully born when we die - although it is the tragic fate of most individuals to die before they are born.
Arthur C. Clarke|Perfection all the time would drive them mad. For every perfect little town, there's something ugly underneath. No dream without the nightmare.
Rosita Forbes|In real life, the big things and the little things are inextricably mixed up together, so in Libya at one moment, one worried because one's native boots were full of holes, and at the next, perhaps, one wondered how long one would be alive to wear them.
Andrea Dworkin|Now, when I talk about a resistance, I am talking about an organized political resistance. I'm not just talking about something that comes and something that goes. I'm not talking about a feeling. I'm not talking about having in your heart the way things shuold be and going through a regular day having good, decent, wonderful ideas in your heart. I'm talking about when you put your body and your mind on the line and you commit yourself to years of struggle in order to change the society in which you live. This does not mean just changing the men whom you know so that their manners will get better - although that wouldn't be bad either. It has been fifteen years. Their manners haven't gotten appreciably better, even. But that's not what a political resistance is. A political resistance goes on day and night, under cover and over ground, where people can see it and where people can't. It is passed from generation to generation. It is taught. It is encouraged. It is celebrated. It is smart. It is savvy. It is committed. And someday it will win. It will win.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Dying in the line of duty is heroic, but dying while unemployed is just stupid.
Deyth Banger|Think for now.... when you reach where you wanted, think there and there and finally you will be there where you wanted.
Arianna Huffington, The Sleep Revolution: Transforming Your Life, One Night at a Time|Only the innocent know the peace of untroubled sleep. Confess sins, and you will sleep like a newborn babe.
Linda Rawson, The Minority and Woman-Owned Small Business Guide to Government Contracts: Everything You Need to Know to Get Started|A government of laws, and not of men
Liza Minnelli|For me, training is my meditation, my yoga, hiking, biking all rolled into one. Wake up early in the morning, generally around 4 o'clock, and I'll do my cardio on an empty stomach. Stretch, have a big breakfast, and then I'll go train.
Allen Ginsberg|Have you heard of the Children of Mae?”“The cult?” She knew of a religious group whose members went door to door, preaching the benefits of self-discipline—abstinence, celibacy or monogamy, vegetarianism—pretty much anything fun was prohibited. They had never come to Vesper’s house because her father was a butcher and probably pretty low on their list of possible converts.
Compton Gage|I will liken my judgment unto a ring: like as there is no slackness of the last, even so there is no swiftness of the first.
James Fenton|When we study Shakespeare on the page, for academic purposes, we may require all kinds of help. Generally, we read him in modern spelling and with modern punctuation, and with notes. But any poetry that is performed - from song lyric to tragic speech - must make its point, as it were, without reference back.
Dalai Lama XIV|The adult world may seem a cold and empty place, with no fairies and no Father Christmas, no Toyland or Narnia, no Happy Hunting Ground where mourned pets go, and no angels - guardian or garden variety. But there are also no devils, no hellfire, no wicked witches, no ghosts, no haunted houses, no daemonic possession, no bogeymen or ogres. Yes, Teddy and Dolly turn out not to be really alive. But there are warm, live, speaking, thinking, adult bedf ellows to hold, and many of us find it a more rewarding kind of love than the childish affection for stuffed toys, however soft and cuddly they may be.
Elie Wiesel|Ultimately, the only power to which man should aspire is that which he exercises over himself.
Cornell Woolrich, Violence|No matter how many men you kill, you can't kill your successor.
Sherwood Anderson|This is where the whole ape-descended thing reveals its worth, I thought madly. Sucks to be you, quadruped. Opposable thumbs - don't leave home without them.
Robert Jarvik|I think intelligence is usually sexy until it becomes irritating. After that, you're stuck.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Next to us is not the workman whom we have hired, with whom we love so well to talk, but the workman whose work we are.
Clark Ashton Smith|To me, the best, if not the only function of imaginative writing, is to lead the human imagination outward, to take it into the vast external cosmos, and away from all that introversion and introspection, that morbidly exaggerated prying into one's own vitals—and the vitals of others—which Robinson Jeffers has so aptly symbolized as "incest." What we need is less "human interest," in the narrow sense of the term—not more. Physiological—and even psychological analysis—can be largely left to the writers of scientific monographs on such themes. Fiction, as I see it, is not the place for that sort of grubbing.
Diane  Hall|...she knew, with all her heart that running away from the country’s top relationship coach was as good as saying, 'there’s no hope for me, ever'!
Gary Numan|Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|I used to dream about escaping my ordinary life, but my life was never ordinary. I had simply failed to notice how extraordinary it was. Likewise, I never imagined that home might be something I would miss.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|A grief without a pang, void, dark and drear,A drowsy, stifled, unimpassioned grief,Which finds no natural outlet or relief,In word, or sigh, or tear.
T.P. Grish, Steel, Magick and  Faith|Bah, he still saw the same stupidity. The image of the hanged man in the farming community of Yondern flashed through his mind. Now there was a war brewing between the Steelwielders and some foreign religion. More mindless loss over beliefs and mythology. But.. he could not deny the noble features in his companions. Although Perfidian was too blithe and Elaina too didactic, they had risked their life to do what was right. He did owe them his life. He could not deny the nobility he saw in many different people, bits and pieces of nobility that shined through under pressure. The guards who risked their lives to protect the villagers, Markham who flew at the dangerous dwarf, swords flashing; even an Eruthian merchant who stopped in his journey to share tales with complete strangers'.
Karen Robards, One Summer|Ami leaned into his side and inhaled the fresh scent of man. “Uh, no. Sometimes my biological clock threatens to explode like a ticking bomb, that’s all. Rachel is so lucky. Nat is a doll. Doug adores them. Don’t mind me, I’m just wishing my laundry pile was filled with boxer shorts and Cinderella T-shirts. I’ll get over it.”“Why do you have to get over it,” Marcus asked gently. “Sounds like a nice dream to me.” ...a few pages laterThings were looking up. If he could just convince her his boxer shorts belonged in her laundry basket, he’d be right on board with her six-month plan
Richard Castle|The other Dons in the room applauded and rose to shake hands with everybody in sight and to congratulate Don Corleone and Don Tattaglia on their new friendship. It was not perhaps the warmest friendship in the world, they would not send each other Christmas gift greetings, but they would not murder each other. That was friendship enough in this world, all that was needed.
Henrik Ibsen|Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
C.S. Lewis|Literary experience heals the wound, without undermining the privilege, of individuality.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Interrupt your thoughts of "I should", with your action of doing.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|That spectacular leap from the middle to the top had enormous consequences.Other animals at the top of the pyramid, such as lions and sharks, evolved intothat position very gradually, over millions of years. This enabled the ecosystem todevelop checks and balances that prevent lions and sharks from wreaking toomuch havoc. As lions became deadlier, so gazelles evolved to run faster, hyenas tocooperate better, and rhinoceroses to be more bad-tempered. In contrast,humankind ascended to the top so quickly that the ecosystem was not given timeto adjust. Moreover, humans themselves failed to adjust. Most top predators of theplanet are majestic creatures. Millions of years of dominion have ɹlled them withself-conɹdence. Sapiens by contrast is more like a banana republic dictator.Having so recently been one of the underdogs of the savannah, we are full of fearsand anxieties over our position, which makes us doubly cruel and dangerous.Many historical calamities, from deadly wars to ecological catastrophes, haveresulted from this over-hasty jump.
Christopher Earle|What makes one strong is not the ability to confront adversity and cruelty, but rather the ability to love in spite of it.
Debasish Mridha|Think that today is the best day of your life and, with love and kindness, change yourself to begin the first day of the rest of your existing life.
Nobuhiro Watsuki, Rurouni Kenshin, Volume 28|They all walk their own paths, live their own lives. A journey without farewells, a beginning without end. It is a little lonely, but that's how it is
Kangana Ranaut|The battle to find a workplace that's wheelchair accessible is a feat in itself, let alone an employer who's going to be cool about employing someone with a disability in a job you actually want to do.
John James Audubon|It was settled by the Constitution, the laws, and the whole practice of the government that the entire executive power is vested in the President of the United States.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|But when she finally did look up, I realized my fatal mistake. That by not leaping for her when she jumped, she thought that I no longer wanted to catch her.
S.M. Parker, The Girl Who Fell|Privacy is something you can sell, but you can't buy it back.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|One night after dinner a group of us were talking about the supernatural, and one of our dinner guests said that when the electric light was invented, people began to lose the dimension of the supernatural. In the days before we could touch a switch and flood every section of the room with light, there were always shadows in the corner, shadows which moved with candlelight, with firelight; and these shadows were an outward and visible sign that things are not always what they seem; there are things which are not visible to the mortal human being; there are things beyond our ken.
Jim Corbett, The Man-Eating Leopard of Rudraprayag|For the first time, I understood the ancients' need to find explanations for why things happen. It's a quintessential human imperative. Random is not emotionally satisfying. Therefore, lightning was the bolt from an angry god. Crop failure was punishment for failing to honor the gods with a fatted calf. The plague happened because you took the Lord's name in vain or coveted your neighbor's wife. Going to church regularly and praying could forestall illness. And on and on.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|Looking at what 'foreplay' is, 'sexual intercourse' is a game.
Mlungisi Simelane|I'm often called in as a coach and speaker to motivate staff, teams, the public and leaders. The key to this is simple; you cannot truly, deeply and sustainably motivate anybody until you know what their motives are...what motivates them...?
Melanie A. Gabbard, The Tome of Knowledge|The last time I checked,I didn't have any special talent,thought Kara.Can I paint a demon to death?Drown it in some gouache?
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Somehow in the chaos and mess she'd discovered who she was. Not a girl of the streets, though that was where she'd been raised. Not a woman of the court, though she appreciated the beauty and the grace of the balls. Someone else. Someone she liked.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|Like editing, gardening requires infinite patience; it requires an essential selflessness, and optimism.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|You get older, and you make your choices, and one by one the doors shut.
Kristin Hannah, Home Front|He is a man, and he is afraid. This is not a good combination.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Do you know what Hell is? ...No fire, no brimstone. Man in his infinite folly invented that to rob from his brothers their will. Hell is existing without Our Father. None of His love touches me.
Lama Surya Das|The secret, or innermost, level of wisdom is pure intuition, clarity, lucidity, innate wakefulness, presence, and recognition of reality. This transcendental wisdom is within all of us—it just needs to be discovered and developed, unfolded and actualized.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not allow what you long for...., prevent you from enjoying the moment. Be joyful in the present, at the appointed time your wish will be granted.
Gabriel Chevallier, Fear: A Novel of World War I|Alas, God's poor ministers are just as much in the dark as we are. You must believe like old women believe, the ones that look like witches, who mumble to themselves in churches under the nose of cheap, plaster saints. As soon as you start to use your reason, to look for a rainbow, you always run up against the great excuse, mystery. You will be advised to light some candles, put coins in the box, say a few rosaries, and make yourself stupid.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Why do we remember the Boys of Summer? We remember because we were young when they were, of course. But more, we remember because we feel the ache of guilt and regret. While they were running, jumping, leaping, we were slouched behind typewriters, smoking and drinking, pretending to some mystic communion with men we didn't really know or like. Men from ghettos we didn't dare visit, or rural farms we passed at sixty miles an hour. Loving what they did on the field, we could forget how superior we felt towards them the rest of the time. By cheering them on we proved we had nothing to do with the injustices that kept their lives separate from ours. There's nothing sordid or false about the Boys of Summer. Only our memories smell like sweaty jockstraps.
T. Rafael Cimino|Pah…commoners, traders." Ergus made a disparaging gesture.Traders with money, Ergus. Money they put at the disposition of young Tanahkos," Lmachdan said in a dry tone. "Money that turns into soldiers. Soldiers who are used to extort tribute from us. Tribute that is turned into more soldiers. The warlord has a good thing going, I'll say that for him.
Ash Gray, Time's Arrow|Then perhaps you don’t need it. I think the scar gives you character, even if it does mar those pretty tattoos. Would make for great tavern stories if you didn’t cover it.” 	Neferre laughed flatly and stuck her hands in her pockets. “There’s nothing great about getting mugged, Ziro.” 	Ziro laughed, her deep voice jiggling her second chin. “Oh, aye. But no one said you had to tell the truth now, did they?
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell|To make biological survival possible, Mind at Large has to be funnelled through the reducing valve of the brain and nervous system. What comes out at the other end is a measly trickle of the kind of consciousness which will help us to stay alive on the surface of this particular planet. To formulate and express the contents of this reduced awareness, man has invented and endlessly elaborated those symbol-systems and implicit philosophies which we call languages. Every individual is at once the beneficiary and the victim of the linguistic tradition into which he or she has been born -- the beneficiary inasmuch as language gives access to he accumulated records of other people's experience, the victim in so far as it confirms him in the belief that reduced awareness is the only awareness and as it be-devils his sense of reality, so that he is all too apt to take his concepts for data, his words for actual things.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|But anyone who is practically acquainted with scientific work is aware that those who refuse to go beyond fact, rarely get as far as fact; and anyone who has studied the history of science knows that almost every great step therein has been made by the 'anticipation of Nature,' that is, by the invention of hypotheses, which, though verifiable, often had very little foundation to start with.
Chuck Palaniuk|Here’s another big symbol,” she says, still crouched and looking up at me. “These flowers will be rotten in a couple hours. Birds will crap on them. The smoke here will make them stink, and tomorrow a bulldozer will probably run over them, but for right now they are so beautiful.
santosh inani|Dress for the position you want, not the position you have.
John  Adams|She'd been mad for him as a girl, but she'd chalked that up to youthful infatuation. She'd tracked the events of his life religiously for a decade, but she'd told herself that was idle curiosity. And now... now she desired him so much she could scarcely stand, but surely that was only lust. Wasn't it?
Thomas Ligotti, Teatro Grottesco|Butcher, baker, candlestick maker – many are unaware of the true role they play in Reality.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|What had survived - maybe all that had survived of Trism - was Liir's sense of him. A catalog of impressions that arose from time to time, unbidden and often upsetting. From the sandy smell of his sandy hair to the locked grip of his muscles as they had wrestled in sensuous aggression - unwelcome nostalgia. Trism lived in Liir's heart like a full suit of clothes in a wardrobe, dress habillards maybe, hollow and real at once. The involuntary memory of the best of Trism's glinting virtues sometimes kicked up unquietable spasms of longing.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Shadows|In case you haven't noticed, they're moving a lot faster. I don't know about the laws of physics on your planet, but where I come from an object moving at subclass speed can't catch up to one running at starclass. But if you know something about turbines, thrusters and engines, quantum or classical physics that I've somehow missed, then please enlighten me.- Caillen Dagan to Desideria Denarii
Angela Davis|I am sure future historians will say the biggest and most astonishing change in politics has been the embracing of all the tenets of Thatcherism by the party of Keir Hardie: trade union legislation, Europe, the replacement of Trident, 10 per cent tax for people who have made millions from their companies.
Avina Celeste|What you think about is what you get. The more you think about something, the more it manifests in your life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is only by grace, the divine-self manifest.
Steven Pinker|I think that technology is always invented for historical reasons, to solve a historical problem. But they very soon reveal themselves to be capable of doing things that aren't historical that nobody had ever thought of doing before.
S.E. Bennett, Cipher|The day the nation voted on whether I’d live or die, I woke up with a headache.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Nothing in the whole world is so athirst for beauty as the soul, nor is there anything to which beauty clings so readily. There is nothing in the world capable of such spontaneous up-lifting, of such speedy ennoblement; nothing that offers more scrupulous obedience to the pure and noble command it receives.
Eric Schmidt|I think science is a foreign land for many people, so I think of my role as an ambassador's job.
Thea Harrison, Liam Takes Manhattan|He was like Goldilocks, but his porridge was boobs.
Roddy Doyle, Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha|Growing up is such a barbarous business, full of inconvenience... and pimples.
Charles Bukowski, Factotum|The Hegemony had known how to treat cancer, but most of the gene-tailoring knowledge and technology had been lost after the Fall.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|If you worked out enough, maybe the man would too. Maybe you would be able to work it out together, as if the two of you were a puzzle that could be solved; otherwise, one of you, most likely the man, taking his addictive body with him and leaving you with bad withdrawal, which you could counteract by exercise. If you didn't work it out it was because one of you had the wrong attitude.
Jean de la Bruyere|The future is built on brains, not prom court, as most people can tell you after attending their high school reunion. But you'd never know it by talking to kids or listening to the messages they get from the culture and even from their schools.
Victor Hugo|What he saw seemed to be the very idea of a city, barnacled and thick with itself.
Ernest J. Gaines, The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman|Memories wasn't a place, memories was in the mind.
Dan Groat, A Punctual Paymaster|There are struggles you cannot win, but a man can meet his own heart if value is found in loss. Give yourself permission to cry.
Alberto Caeiro, O Pastor Amoroso|To love is to think.And I almost forget to feel only from thinking about her.I don’t know what I want at all, even from her, and I don’t think about anything but her.I have a great animated distraction.When I want to meet her,I almost feel like not meeting her,So I don’t have to leave her afterwards.And I prefer thinking about her, because it’s like I’m afraid of her.I don’t know what I want at all, and I don’t want to know what I want. All I want to do is think about her.I’m asking nothing of nobody, not even her, except to think.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|In protesting for your rights in any form you may, but it's only good, If they can understand your problems and feelings and not only to judge you.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|As the wireless radiation industry continues to drastically increase the number of transmitters, electromagnetic researchers are documenting the range of new adverse health conditions that are emerging in the masses.
Yawatta Hosby, One By One|Bruises and dried blood covered her face, giving the illusion of chicken pox.
Henry Miller, Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch|Out yonder they may curse, revile, and torture one another, defile all the human instincts, make a shambles of creation (if it were in their power), but here, no, here, it is unthinkable, here there is abiding peace, the peace of God, and the serene security created by a handful of good neighbors living at one with the creature world.
James     Baldwin|All art is a kind of confession, more or less oblique. All artists, if they are to survive, are forced, at last, to tell the whole story; to vomit the anguish up.
Kyle Hill|Too much redesign has to do more with fad and fashion than with fitness and function. It is change for the sake of change. Such redesign is not only unnecessary, it is all too often also retrogressive, leading to things that work less effectively than those they were designed to replace.
Risa Lavizzo-Mourey|We should be concerned not only about the health of individual patients, but also the health of our entire society.
Connie Willis, Bellwether|Don't they know science doesn't work like that? You can't just order scientific breakthroughs. They happen when you are looking at something you've been working on for years and suddenly see a connection you never noticed before, or when you're looking for something else altogether. Sometimes they even happen by accident. Don't they know you can't get a scientific breakthrough just because you want one?
Larry Kramer, Faggots|Holy shit," somebody muttered in the dark."A virgin," sputtered another."I didn't know they still made them.""He just did.
Nikki Rowe|There's two wolves battling us all right now... One's good, the other one is evil. If you're wondering which wolf inside will succeed, simple it's the one that you feed...
Kenan Malik|This free will business is a bit terrifying anyway. It's almost pleasanter to obey, and make the most of it.
Stan Jacobs, The Dusk And Dawn Master: A Practical Guide to Transforming Evening and Morning Habits, Achieving Better Sleep, and Mastering Your Life|I can't sleep, I don't have what to do... I'm ill.... wow... the best choice will be listening to a podcast what more awesome than that?
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Birthmark and Other Stories|The mind is in a sad state when Sleep, the all-involving, cannot confine her spectres within the dim region of her sway, but suffers them to break forth, affrighting this actual life with secrets that perchance belong to a deeper one.
Tara Sivec, Watch over Me|When you have given your best, you are left with no regrets.
José Ortega y Gasset, An Interpretation of Universal History|Man is a fantastic animal; he was born of fantasy, he is the son of "the mad woman of the house." And universal history is the gigantic and thousand-year effort to go on putting order into that huge, disorderly, anti-animal fantasy. What we call reason is no more than fantasy put into shape. Is there anything in the world more fantastic than that which is the most rational? Is there anything more fantastic than the mathematical point, and the infinite line, and, in general, all mathematics and all physics? Is there a more fantastic fancy than what we call "justice" and the other thing that we call "happiness"?
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|There’s something about the amount of time that has gone by that makes her feel like a survivor. There’s something in the way that following her heart, despite it being perpetually broken, has made her feel like a success. And something about letting go of pain and letting love in has made her feel happy again.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|And like a favorite old movie, sometimes the sameness in a friend is what you like the most about her.
Eva Amurri|The Holy Spirit is our comforter, our teacher. That's why, in prayer, we can ask the Lord to open up Scripture and make it come alive to us, to open our understanding. He left his Spirit with us until we join him in Heaven.
|Always keep your mind strong with thoughts of positivity; your head up with full confidence and a big smile on your face, because you truly have greatness in you.
Aasif Mandvi|If we are to teach real peace in this world, and if we are to carry on a real war against war, we shall have to begin with the children.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|What starts in the heart doesn't stay in the heart, it either turn into action or words.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|So rich a client having suffered such a messy death was an unsettling embarrassment to Captain Harald Biscay. It was bad for business. He had the murder hushed up immediately, his security staff investigating the matter covertly but thoroughly. Five and a half thousand souls onboard. Five and a half thousand suspects. Three days. So far, nothing. Now it would be taken further by the planetary authorities on the colony world below. A forensic team (cunningly disguised as a cleaning crew) was now rummaging through Smiffs apartment, examining every single particle. He had a feeling -- a strong feeling, about what they were going to find. Somehow, Biscay was of the opinion that this was going to be another contender for the Unsolved Murders show.
James Joyce|Having spent all of my decision-making years as a Pagan of one stripe or another, I have long found it condescending at best to assume one cannot worship the old gods or believe in magick without breaking out the leather bracers, wings, or Ye Broken Olde English.
Ron Owens, Return to Worship: A God-Centered Approach|Many today insist that music is amoral, that there is nothing innately good or bad about music itself. They say it is neutral, and only its use determines whether it is good or evil. To a degree this is true, but in a very real way music ceases to be neutral the moment those little black-and-white notes begin to be woven together to produce a certain combinations of sounds that result in the message or world-view that the composer of the music wants to get across. The music itself becomes a statement, even when words are not attached to its message.
Ellen Bass|You are the salt of the earth. But remember that salt is useful when in association, but useless in isolation.
Paloma Beck, Hold My Hand|Practically every guy is the perfect guy the first night, so why ever bother with a second?
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The whole crew sat on the deck, without a storm or a monster attack to worry about for the first time in days, and ate ice cream. Well, except for Frank, who was lactose intolerant. He got an apple.
Steve Maraboli|Others may sit around and wait for magic to happen… I like to get up early and work towards my goals and dreams. Every morning I plant the seeds of what the haters call ‘luck.’ Now, I love magic as much as the next guy, but I realized a long time ago that the magic that turns dreams into reality is YOU. When you are inspired by a dream, create a good plan. Creating that plan turns your dream into a goal. Then, take action! Live your life in a way that will bring that dream, that goal, to life. The magic is you.
Jane Roberts, The Nature of Personal Reality: Specific, Practical Techniques for Solving Everyday Problems and Enriching the Life You Know|Jesus isn't suffering day after day for your sin. He sits triumphantly at the right hand of God and has won the final and decisive victory for you. If constant lamenting over your sin could actually help you atone for it, then it would be a noble act. However, since there is nothing to be added to your salvation and your agony contributes nothing to your salvation or sanctification, then you are free to walk through life with confidence in your forgiveness. Godly sorrow for sin does not lead to self-condemnation and attempts to atone for your sins through acts of penance. Godly sorrow leads to repentance, which leads us to the cross. There we see, once again, the beautiful sufficiency of our marvelous Savior. Godly sorrow leads us on to a big party, another glorious celebration of the truth of the gospel.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|I’m not using any word,” Ronan said. The annoying thing about Ronan was always that he was angry when everyone else was calm, and calm when everyone else was angry. Because Blue was ready to bust a vein, his voice was utterly pacific. “I’m just telling you I’m not going. Maybe it’s wrong, maybe it’s not. My soul’s in enough peril as it is.
Wayne W. Dyer, Inspiration: Your Ultimate Calling|Be the solution, not the problem.
John Updike|Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense.
Bob Richards|Unjust. How many times I've used that word, scolded myself with it. All I mean by it now is that I don't have the final courage to say that I refuse to preside over violations against myself, and to hell with justice.
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|Just because she isn't human, do you think that means she doesn't feel pain?
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|I truly understood the meaning of hope. It is something much bigger than anything physical we may desire. It’s about raising our eyes from a point on the horizon to the heavens and into eternity. And it’s about relying on God’s grace to do it, no matter what the cost.
C. JoyBell C.|I am never alone wherever I am. The air itself supplies me with a century of love. When I breathe in, I am breathing in the laughter, tears, victories, passions, thoughts, memories, existence, joys, moments, and the hues of the sunlight on many tones of skin; I am breathing in the same air that was exhaled by many before me. The air that bore them life. And so how can I ever say that I am alone?
John Maynard Keynes|Those who cry out that the government should 'do something' never even ask for data on what has actually happened when the government did something, compared to what actually happened when the government did nothing.
Nicole Richie|It's hard to tell who has your back, from who has it long enough just to stab you in it....
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|Even to-day the masses of the Negroes see all too clearly the anomalies of their position and the moral crookedness of yours. You may marshal strong indictments against them, but their counter-cries, lacking though they be in formal logic, have burning truths within them which you may not wholly ignore, O Southern Gentlemen!
Jacques Barzun|Because of Mozart, it's all over after the age of seven.
Rachel Van Dyken|When you ignore your gift, you runaway from your purpose.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|Night was a very different matter. It was dense, thicker than the very walls, and it was empty, so black, so immense that within it you could brush against appalling things and feel roaming and prowling around a strange, mysterious horror.
Donald Pillai|Everything in the universe begins with and revolves around two things: words and thoughts. These two elements form the creative substance that molds and shapes the destiny of all humanity. Each of us becomes the person we are, chooses the direction we take, and accomplishes everything we do based on these two primary elements. Opportunities don’t happen, we create them. Being motivated, having the right thoughts, and saying the right words costs us nothing, but can get us everything we ever need.
Aimee Carter, Goddess Interrupted|What’s going on?”“Nothing.” She coughed, and released Talaith’s hand. “Exceptyou have some powerful enemies.”“Tell me what I don’t know, witch.”“Powerful enemies who are gods.”For a moment, Annwyl was shocked beyond all reason…thenshe shrugged. “Now that I think of it—I don’t know why I would besurprised.
Amy Grant|There is a secret pride in every human heart that revolts at tyranny. You may order and drive an individual, but you cannot make him respect you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To see the universe clearly, you need not only a clear sky but also a clear mind!
Scott M. Roberts|I am Ubik. Before the universe was, I am. I made the suns. I made the worlds. I created the lives and the places they inhabit; I move them here, I put them there. They go as I say, then do as I tell them. I am the word and my name is never spoken, the name which no one knows. I am called Ubik, but that is not my name. I am. I shall always be.
Dada Bhagwan|Where one does not do planning, it is all pure ‘discharge’. ‘Charge’ occurs where there is planning. Discharge is a natural characteristic. There is no pain in it.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Self-introspection is the way to improve any company, any marriage, any nation. And any job-hunt.
Tim Tebow|To have a great idea, have a lot of them.
Derek Landy, Skulduggery Pleasant|China is the same age as I am, and even I have to admit that she wears it better!" He laughed, then stopped and peered at her. "Because I'm a skeleton" he explained.
A.E. van Vogt|Science fiction is held in low regard as a branch of literature, and perhaps it deserves this critical contempt. But if we view it as a kind of sociology of the future, rather than as literature, science fiction has immense value as a mind-stretching force for the creation of the habit of anticipation. Our children should be studying Arthur C. Clarke, William Tenn, Robert Heinlein, Ray Bradbury and Robert Sheckley, not because these writers can tell them about rocket ships and time machines but, more important, because they can lead young minds through an imaginative exploration of the jungle of political, social, psychological, and ethical issues that will confront these children as adults.
Donald J. Trump, Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again|Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted. - Eighth Amendment, United States Constitution
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the light, trusted guide in darkness.
Dominic Riccitello|I worked with him in a way where there was no need to align. We felt and the feeling was simple but complex. It was the intensity in our grasp and when it was done, it was done.
Ouida, A Dog of Flanders|Because if I ever get nailed, I don’t want you running out to get the same medicine. Believe me, if it’s you lying out there, I’m gonna make sure you’re alive before I go.
Lorii Myers|There is a legend that everything that falls into the waters of this river -- leaves, insects, the feathers of birds -- is transformed into the rocks that make the riverbed. If only I could tear out my heart and hurl it into the current, then my pain and longing would be over, and I could finally forget.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|A tightness in my chest came out of nowhere. As I listened to Amanda reassure my brother, I wanted to pull her into my arms and cry. How damn crazy was that? This girl was making me a nutcase.
Cormac McCarthy, The Sunset Limited|Rahul’s great idea, he said that having either darkness or too much white made someone’s sanity decay and made them easier to manipulate. In the dark, though, they felt they could hide, and in Rahul’s words... 'They can hide, but they can’t run' he used that like a mantra.
Walt Disney Company|All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
Ron Howard|Putting aside for the moment the question of whether human industrial CO2 emissions are having an effect on climate, it is quite clear that they are raising atmospheric CO2 levels. As a result, they are having a strong and markedly positive effect on plant growth worldwide. There is no doubt about this.
Sharon Gannon, Yoga and Vegetarianism: The Path to Greater Health and Happiness|Many of us attend a few yoga classes and find that we like the glimpse of another way of life that yoga offers. We are delighted by the way we feel after class and we are pleasantly surprised as certain behaviors start to fall away. Perhaps we no longer need coffee in the morning; or staying out late at night becomes less attractive; or we find ourselves calmer and more compassionate. Suddenly we're convinced that we've hit upon a painless way to solve all our problems. Sadly, this is not the case. Practice is not a substitute for the difficult work of renunciation. The postures and breath work that you do in a typical yoga class will change your life. These practices—asana and pranayama—suffuse us with the energy we need to take on the hard choices and to endure the inevitable highs and lows. What yoga practice will not do, however, is take the place of the hard lessons each of us has to learn in order to mature spiritually.
Warren Beatty|My parents did not have a perfect marriage. It was pretty good, but it was not perfect. My marriage is not perfect. My wife is, but I happen to be imperfect. However, that does not discount the fact that the definition of marriage must be defended and protected.
Ted Turner|Early to bed, early to rise, work like hell, and advertise
C. JoyBell C.|‎They are angry with me, because I know what I am." Said the little eagle. "How do you know that they are angry with you?" "Because, they despise me for wanting to soar, they only want me to peck at the dirt, looking for ants, with them. But I can't do that. I don't have chicken feet, I have eagle wings." "And what is so wrong with having eagle wings and no chicken feet?" Asked the old owl. "I'm not sure, that's what I'm trying to find out." "They hate you because you know that you are an eagle and they want you to think you are a chicken so that you will peck at the ground looking for ants and worms, so that you will never know that you are an eagle and always think yourself a chicken. Let them hate you, they will always be chickens, and you will always be an eagle. You must fly. You must soar." Said the old owl.
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|Dear Camryn,I never wanted it to be this way. I wanted to tell you these things myself, but I was afraid. I was afraid that if I told you out loud that I loved you, that what we had together would die with me. The truth is that I knew in Kansas that you were the one. I’ve loved you since that day when I first looked up into your eyes as you glared down at me from over the top of that bus seat. Maybe I didn’t know it then, but I knew something had happened to me in that moment and I could never let you go.I have never lived the way I lived during my short time with you. For the first time in my life, I’ve felt whole, alive, free. You were the missing piece of my soul, the breath in my lungs, the blood in my veins. I think that if past lives are real then we have been lovers in every single one of them. I’ve known you for a short time, but I feel like I’ve known you forever.I want you to know that even in death I’ll always remember you. I’ll always love you. I wish that things could’ve turned out differently. I thought of you many nights on the road. I stared up at the ceiling in the motels and pictured what our life might be like together if I had lived. I even got all mushy and thought of you in a wedding dress and even with a mini me in your belly. You know, I always heard that sex is great when you’re pregnant. ;-)But I’m sorry that I had to leave you, Camryn. I’m so sorry…I wish the story of Orpheus and Eurydice was real because then you could come to the Underworld and sing me back into your life. I wouldn’t look back. I wouldn’t fuck it up like Orpheus did.I’m so sorry, baby…I want you to promise me that you’ll stay strong and beautiful and sweet and caring. I want you to be happy and find someone who will love you as much as I did. I want you to get married and have babies and live your life. Just remember to always be yourself and don’t be afraid to speak your mind or to dream out loud.I hope you’ll never forget me.One more thing: don’t feel bad for not telling me that you loved me. You didn’t need to say it. I knew all along that you did.Love Always,Andrew Parrish
Chris Cornell|From a person whose living depends on other people buying her creative work, this may sound odd, but one of my favorite things about the steampunk subculture is its do-it-yourself attitude.
Ross Wetzsteon, Republic of Dreams: Greenwich Village: The American Bohemia 1910-1960|[I]t was [Barnett] Newman who made the famously wry remark, “Aesthetics is for the artist as ornithology is for the birds,
Mehmet Murat ildan|The purpose of art is to create heavens to balance the world because there are so many hells in the world, there are wars, tortures and oppressions, there is unhappiness etc.
John Stuart Mill|The idea that truth always triumphs over persecution is one of those pleasant falsehoods, which most experience refutes. History is teeming with instances of truth put down by persecution. If not put down forever, it may be set back for centuries.
Monica Ali|I know what real courage is, and I understand true compassion.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Because freedom and liberty and equality are as vital as breath, we only notice their absence when we are left gasping when the colors of diversity and individual liberty are drained from the world around us.
Alcuin|Ten men waiting for me at the door? Send one of them home, I'm tired.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|By erasing any nuance and complexity about porn and sexuality, the virginity movement gives young women only two choices of who they can be sexually: sluts or not sluts. While the first choice doesn't seem attractive, I can guarantee you that most young women are going to go with the option that allows them to have sex. And there's no in-between identity for young women who are making smart, healthy choices in their sexual lives.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Naw, I say. Mr ____, can tell you, I don't like it at all. What is it to like? He git up on you, heist your nightgown round your waist, plunge in. Most times I pretend I ain't there. He never know the difference. Never ast me how I feel, nothing. Just do his business, get off, go to sleep.She start to laugh. Do his business, she say. Do his business. Why, Miss Celie. You make it sound like he going to the toilet on you.That's what it feel like, I say.She stop laughing.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are possessed by the desire to be useful for God on this earth, He will honor you, you will prosper and your life will be a testimony of success
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|All the time, I looked out our lattice window. I watched the birds fly by. I followed the clouds on their travels. I studied the moon as it grew larger, then shrank. So much happened outside my window that I almost forgot what was happening inside that room.
Jennifer Egan, The Keep|My nose bleeds, and every comedown feels like an overdose. I try to make peace with God each time, but he shows no interest, and it reminds me of my dad, and I get so upset that I just have to do another line. Like I said, a cycle.
Mervyn Peake, Collected Poems|I am too rich already, for my eyes mint
Joanna Bourne, The Spymaster's Lady|Maybe if the right person floats into your life, you have to jump in with both feet and try to make it work before the tide turns.
Confucius, The Analects|If names be not correct, language is not in accordance with the truth of things. If language be not in accordance with the truth of things, affairs cannot be carried on to success. When affairs cannot be carried on to success, proprieties and music do not flourish.
John Cage|If there is silence between us, please be the one who breaks it.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|My mother was the perfect Spartan mother. I have always been able to imagine her telling her sons to return from battle 'with their shields, or on them'. She did actually try it on my father at the start of the Second World War. He didn't take it kindly, and confided to me ruefully that he thought she rather fancied herself a Hero's Widow.
Geoffrey Wood|They prefer a God of an altogether softer flavor. Nothing too extreme. Complaisance, not magnanimity. They do not think upon the “God of God, Light of Light, very God of very God.” They prefer to think in terms of “God liking them.” That’s the God they’ve conjured for themselves.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|The happiest people are not the ones with the best or the most things, but those who most appreciate what they have.
Stephen King|For me, that emotional payoff is what it’s all about. I want you to laugh or cry when you read a story...or do both at the same time. I want your heart, in other words. If you want to learn something, go to school.
Philip Wylie, The Answer: A Fable for Our Times|They are afraid. They would, today, keep secret a thousand things that, yesterday, they would have told one another freely. Freedom. Where is it now? We are driving it into limbo—their kind. To limbo.
Heather Vogel Frederick, Pies & Prejudice|Never say 'I can't.' 'I can't' is a limit, and life is about breaking through limits. Say 'I will' instead.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|I do not write feelings, emotions i do not writeAfter that day on love anything i do not writeMy silence scream somewhere inside me These are my Bloody wounds on paper,words i do not write
Richard O'Connor, Rewire: Change Your Brain to Break Bad Habits, Overcome Addictions, Conquer Self-Destruc tive Behavior|You know very well what the right choice is, yet you keep making the wrong one.
Nichole McElhaney, Poetry for Melancholy Ghosts and Ethereal Maidens|And it was at that age ... Poetry arrived in search of me. I don't know, I don't know where it came from, from winter or a river. I don't know how or when, no they were not voices, they were not words, nor silence, but from a street I was summoned, from the branches of night, abruptly from the others, among violent fires or returning alone, there I was without a face and it touched me. 
Michelle Malkin|The media will mess your way of thinking up, don't take they word for nothing do your on research.
Chuck Klosterman, but what if we are wrong chuck klosterman|And if something is only itself, it doesn't particularly matter.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|He had also spent a day and a half without sleep trying to start an online petition to bring back the advert for Nationwide Building Society which said Dunroamin, twice, but half the through the second day of the campaign he had realised that it was an anachronism and the internet was about fourteen years away from mass consumption, so he stopped and went to sleep.
Zoe Forward, Protecting His Witch|His was the gaze of a high-end predator, throwing it's prey a seductive look, waiting for the perfect moment to strike.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|The "inner circle of humanity" recognizes others through frequency, regardless of walk of life or "positioning in the astral". This is an operation run invisibly from Outside the astral. Going Home represents the final shift to one's true spiritual families of light, in all dimensions of harmonics; higher vibrations/love in unity consciousness, above, below and literally "everywhere and everynow".
Hafiz Shirazi|Sometimes I wish I could describe how wonderful I feel in those few seconds from the time he spreads his arms above his head, as if trying to grab hold of something, to the instant he vanishes into the water. But I can never find the right words. Perhaps it’s because he’s falling through time, to a place where words can never reach.
Frances Wright|Women are only children of a larger growth. A man of sense only trifles with them, plays with them, humours and flatters them, as he does with a sprightly and forward child; but he neither consults them about, nor trusts them with, serious matters.
Malorie Blackman, Noble Conflict|She had had sweet dreams, which possibly arose from the fact that her little bed was very white.
Michelle Bachelet|If an election is simply a one-day snapshot of transient mass delusions, then this is not a very noble form of government.
Angelica Hopes|Envy, bitter envy, was permeating his soul drop by drop, like a poison that tainted all his pleasures and made his life hateful.
Mustafa SULTAN|The sweat of industry would dry and die, But for the end it works to.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|While spirituality provides an efficient and endless fuel for your mind and body, you must burn that fuel with human action towards your goals, dreams, and desires.
Girl234|I believe that in a way, sadness is happiness for there can be no wrong without right, no light without dark, no success without failure, no relief without pain, no love without hatred and no Snow White without the evil queen.
Emma Donoghue, Room|People move around so much in the world, things get lost.
Stephen Hawking|Way down deep, we're all motivated by the same urges. Cats have the courage to live by them.
Pankaj Patel|It's that I don't like white paper backgrounds. A woman does not live in front of white paper. She lives on the street, in a motor car, in a hotel room.
Harper Fox, Brothers of the Wild North Sea|Winter is going ,but who knows spring will come or not !
Kim Jong-un|Leadership is about doing the right thing, even if it going against a vast number of naysayers and mediocre people.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|This is the God of the gospel of grace. A God who, out of love for us, sent the only Son He ever had wrapped in our skin. He learned how to walk, stumbled and fell, cried for His milk, sweated blood in the night, was lashed with a whip and showered with spit, was fixed to a cross, and died whispering forgiveness on us all.
Jeb Bush|I always wake up early Saturday morning, and I have a little bit more time, so I go to the gym.
David Ortiz|The maid that loves goes out to sea upon a shattered plank, and puts her trust in miracles for safety.
Roy Blount Jr., Where Books Fall Open: A Reader's Anthology of Wit & Passion|A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
Joel Osteen|In the absence of any other proof, the thumb alone would convince me of God's existence.
Paul Morabito, Mirrored Voices: Emerging Poets Anthology|Letters are meaningless unless put together correctly. Words are worthless unless backed by truth. Sentences are handed out and judged accordingly, but only genuinely honest men or women can create writings that change the world forever.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|It is not metres, but a metre-making argument that makes a poem,—a thought so passionate and alive that like the spirit of a plant or an animal it has an architecture of its own, and adorns nature with a new thing. The thought and the form are equal in the order of time, but in the order of genesis the thought is prior to the form.
Sam Riley|Michael Pollan is a champion. In all ways. A man of great integrity, humor, and common sense and kindness.
Bealevon Nolan, A Night Sky Full of Stars|Copying Juvven’s gaze over the treetops at the edge of the shooting range, he saw the fields of Flanders before his inner eye. “Yes, the wide horizon…” The memory made the corners of his mouth curl slightly. “…and in the night, you lie there, snuggled into the hay, and there is this huge sky above you.” He stared into the past, ignoring Juvven swivel his head to watch him and continued, “Although you are in the middle of war, death, and destruction, you can positively feel the velvet of the dark vault above you. And in it, like falling coins or lights carried by other beings, twinkle the stars, beckoning you to lift your hand and touch them, to feel happy and safe with them.” He broke off and turned to Juvven, without seeing him, still lost in his memories. “They gave a sense of security and…hope, I think. As if the Earth and the sky cradled me, telling me I was protected by them.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|People are like songs to me. About 60 seconds in, I'll know whether or not to add them to my 'favorites.
Winna Efendi, The Journeys|Most of the time, beauty lies in the simplest of things.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|A person knows when they’re in darkness, even when they can’t see. -Nightblood
Leo Buscaglia|A single rose can be my garden; a single friend, my world.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|Lingerer, my brain is on fire with impatience; and you tarry so long!
Vince Lombardi Jr.|The quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor.
Keri Arthur, Blood Kissed|See how many doors open, Alastor said, when someone with influence and ideas comes along with a key? Fortune can be hoarded, or it can be shared.
Dada Bhagwan|I’ and ‘my’ are two separate tracks. They never unite. One may say, ‘this is my wife, we both are one [united]’. But we can’t say they are ‘one’, can we? Both the ‘I’ are indeed separate, aren’t they?
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|I was profoundly impressed by my contact with these places which are and have always been, the wellsprings of your history. It makes one think that the men who created your country never lost sight of their moral bearings. They did not laugh at the absolute nature of the concepts of "good" and "evil." Their practical policies were checked against their moral compass. And how surprising it is that a practical policy computed on the basis of moral considerations turned out to be the most farsighted and the most salutary. This is true even though in the short term one may wonder: Why all this morality? Let's just get on with the immediate job.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|But that's the difference between people and stars. A star's light still shines even if there's no one to see it, but without someone to remember Jesse, his light will disappear.
Chris O'Donnell|You know, my main reaction to this money thing is that it's humorous, all the attention to it, because it's hardly the most insightful or valuable thing that's happened to me.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|Life is full of little ironies, but it's also pockmarked with some the size of that big rock in Australia.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Revolving Door of Life|He had performed this ritual before, getting into trouble and then coming to his mother, uneasy and uncertain, not sure precisely what sort of trouble he was in. With uncanny regularity, she had seemed to jump onto a higher plane of reasoning and identify his problems, laying them out for him so they became unavoidable. This was not a service that made him love her any more, but it did make her invaluable to him.
Sang H. Kim, Mindful Movement: Mastering Your Hidden Energy|I sit watching until dusk, hypnotized. I think of the sea as continually sloshing back and forth, repetitive, but my psyche goes with the river- always loping downhill, purposeful, listening only to gravity.
Nathaniel E. Quimada|Kaz had always kept himself at a remove from everyone. They’d wanted camaraderie, friendship, but he had never agreed to play their game, only his own.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Life is one percent what happens to you, and ninety-nine percent how you respond to it.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|We are past the end of things now, but I don't want to leave.
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|Emma convinced herself she'd lost him because she was fast. She was also adept at convincing herself of things that might not be - good at pretending. She could pretend she took classes at night by choice, and that blushing didn't make her thirsty-- A vicious growl sounded. Her eyes widened, but she didn't turn back, just sprinted across the field. She felt claws sink into her anckle a second before she was dragged to the muddy ground and thrown onto her back. A hand covered her mouth, though she'd been trained not to scream."Never run from one such as me." Her attacker didn't sound human. "You will no' get away. And we like it." His voice was guttural like a beast's, breaking, yet his accent was... Scottish?
Sue Monk Kidd|In life, you would regret definitely, either you become good person or the bad one, but being good is better to regret for"-Samar Sudha
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|Her eyes narrowed with feigned disgust. "I cannot walk backwards anymore! I'm too afraid you'll run me into something."	He released one of her hands and reached around her, to cup her firm behind. "Trust me. I'd never risk hurting your backside.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|The gatekeeper to the subconscious mind has to be overcome first before NAPS can work, and it is in the theta state when the gatekeeper can be bypassed. This is when NAPS works!
C.F. Joyce|...even the goddess Persephone is happy, if only for half each year.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|I'm responsible. I chose to put myself in a situation where I'm responsible, wanting to look after her, a small, dependent, vulnerable creature. It's innate and I don't even have to think about it. It's like breathing -- for some people.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|The act was an exorcism of relief for Florentino Ariza, for when he put the violin back into its case and walked down the dead streets without looking back, he no longer felt that he was leaving the next morning but that he had gone away many years before with the irrevocable determination never to return.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The most precious gift you can ever give to a young woman is, appreciating and understanding her true feelings
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|Insanity is a very lonely and empty existence - it’s painfully true. They may laugh and smile, and skip and dance, but behind all the faces there is hollowness like a bottomless pit. The living dead, depression is a terrible illness, so is psychosis, the mentally inflicted beyond cure.
Philip K. Dick|Clara Oswald: This is just a dream, but very clever people can hear dreams. So please, just listen. I know you're afraid, but being afraid is all right, because didn't anybody ever tell you fear is a superpower? Fear can make you faster and cleverer and stronger. And one day, you'll come back to this barn and on that day you're going to be very afraid indeed. But that's ok because if you're very wise and very strong, fear doesn't have to make you cruel or cowardly. Fear can make you kind. It doesn't matter if there's nothing under the bed or in the dark, so long as you know it's ok to be afraid of it. You're always going to be afraid, even if you learn to hide it. Fear is like a companion, a constant companion, always there. But that's ok, because fear can bring us together. Fear can bring you home. I'm going to leave you with something just so you always remember: Fear makes companions of us all. -Listen, Doctor Who, episode 8.4
Ian C. Esslemont, Orb Sceptre Throne|Freedom - rather more complicated in the concrete than the abstract, yes?
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor the Overlander|Even if times got bad, he would never again deny himself the possibility that the future might be happy even if the present was painful. He would allow himself dreams.
Sunday Adelaja|The person who knows his calling will not be embarrassed in front of great and famous people because he knows who he is, and he knows the purpose of his life
Ronald Kessler|I've always wanted to be a spy, and frankly I'm a little surprised that British intelligence has never approached me.
Adam Smith|To attempt to increase the wealth of any country, either by introducing or by detaining in it an unnecessary quantity of gold and silver, is as absurd as it would be to attempt to increase the good cheer of private families by obliging them to keep an unnecessary number of kitchen utensils.
Lady Svetlana|Oh! Great Lady of Fascination! We arise in somnambulant awe and dance entranced as you glide slowly and softly through the Heavenly Dome and suffuse our presence with unfathomable desires for faerie worlds, where all is order, where all is beauty, where nuances of quality proliferate miraculously in myraids of delicious subtleties.
Anna Barnes, How to Be Mindful|Thanks to impermanence, everything is possible. Life itself is possible. If a grain of corn is not impermanent, it can never be transformed into a stalk of corn. If the stalk were not impermanent, it could never provide us with the ear of corn we eat.
Stewart L. Udall|We have, I fear, confused power with greatness.
Bipasha Basu|Accept yourself, love yourself.
Dee Dee Artner|The potential of controlling and living a successful life according to your terms depends on how you think. Your perception is your world. You can create the life you want and in fact, you can even shape it the way you want it.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|An outrageous instinct to love and be loved blinded your arms to lines of propriety––Women and Men, Christians and Jews, Muslims and Buddhists, white, black, red, brown. An outrageous instinct to love and be loved executed your brain every hour on the hour.
Bill Bryson, The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid|Mr. Schlubb, the pear-shaped PE teacher, sent us all out to run half a dozen laps around a preposterously enormous cinder track. For the Greenwood kids—all of us white, marshmallowy, innately unphysical, squinting unfamiliarly in the bright sunshine—it was a shock to the system of an unprecedented order.
فرانسواز ساجان|Dennis faced him. They glared at each other again. Neither said a word until Dennis set the glasses down, leaned back against the counter, and folded his arms over his chest. "You're an idiot." "Seems to be a common conclusion. You're not my favourite person right now either.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you want to know what God thinks about any situation in the world, think like a parent.
Jason Mraz|In awe, I watched the waxing moon ride across the zenith of the heavens like an ambered chariot towards the ebony void of infinite space wherein the tethered belts of Jupiter and Mars hang, for ever festooned in their orbital majesty. And as I looked at all this I thought... I must put a roof on this toilet.
Mahatma Gandhi|Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.
Cheryl R Cowtan, Girl Desecrated: The Fergus She 1984|I was a talking lover, which most women hate.
Terry Pratchett|In the small central square of Ljubljana, the statue of the poet stares fixedly at something. If you follow his gaze, you will see, on the other side of the square, the face of a woman carved into the stone of one of the houses. That was where Julia had lived. Even after death, Prešeren gaze for all eternity on his Impossible love.
Kindle Alexander, Always|I've told you so many times how much I love you. Please remember that every single day for the rest of your life. You are my everything, you hold my heart and carry my soul. You made my life better. My only regret was not meeting you sooner, so we could have had more time together in this life. - Avery Adams
Anjelica Huston|I mean, have you ever imaginedthe ocean is alive, and needs to tell us something important, and the only way it can talkis by making waves crash, and we just lounge there, drenched in cocoa butter, on towels with crappy novels and volleyballs, sipping spritzers, as the ocean uses all its strength to repeatthe same warning over and over?
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Not only can you decide to be great, you also have the power to determine the height of your greatness.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Novel Habits of Happiness|…did it make a difference if the remark never got back to the person about whom it was made? She thought not. The harm is done when the words are uttered: that is the act of belittlement, the act of diminishing the other, and it is that act which would cause pain to the victim. You said that about me? The wrong was located in the making of the cruel remark, rather than in the pain it might later cause.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Intrigued by that enigma, he dug so deeply into her sentiments that in search of interest he found love, because by trying to make her love him he ended up falling in love with her.
Larken Rose|Without anarchy, there would be chaos.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Luckily, common sense had never been a strong suit of mine and my feet moved faster than my brain.
Missy Elliott|After the chaos and carnage of September 11th, it is not enough to serve our enemies with legal papers.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Read the lines as if they were unknown to you, and you will feel in your inmost self how very much they are yours.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Fear and paranoia create many of our worldly struggles. We get something in our minds and our distorted perception sculpts the reality of what we see. Even though what we see isn’t really there, we tend to act as if it is. We then begin to put people and things into boxes, labeling them, and limiting them due to our fears.
H.W. Brands, The Man Who Saved the Union: Ulysses Grant in War and Peace|To grow interested in any piece of information, we need somewhere to 'put' it, which means some way of connecting it to an issue we already now how to care about.
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|My greatest challenge is not what's happening at the moment, my greatest challenge was knocking Liverpool right off their fucking perch. And you can print that.
Socrates|By all means marry; if you get a good wife, you’ll become happy; if you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher.
Peter Hitchens|Tolerance is NOT acceptance. And that's the problem with ALL religion. It teaches acceptance only for those who believe exactly as you do, and at best, tolerance for the rest of us "sinners." Sorry. Not acceptable.
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Once you think a thought, it is extremely difficult to unthink it. And I had thought the thought.
Andy Stanley, Enemies of the Heart: Breaking Free from the Four Emotions That Control You|It takes a habit to break a habit. You can pray every day for a generous heart, but until you start acting in that direction, nothing's going to change.
Tony McCoy|I do follow a version of the Dukan diet, but I don't follow it to the extreme so a lot of fish and vegetables. If I want chocolate I'll let myself have a bit of chocolate in moderation.
Jalaluddin Rumi|This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|I wanted very much not to be where I was. In fact part of the trouble seemed to be that where I was wasn’t anywhere at all. My life felt empty and unreal... I felt like I was in danger of vanishing, though at the same time the feelings I had were so raw and overwhelming that I often wished I could find a way of losing myself altogether, perhaps for a few months, until the intensity diminished.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|Had I known but yesterday what I know today,I’d have taken out your two gray eyesAnd put in eyes of clay;And had I known but yesterday you’d be no more my ownI’d have taken out your heart of fleshAnd put in one of stone
Abraham Lincoln, Speeches And Letters Of Abraham Lincoln, 1832 1865|Writing, the art of communicating thoughts to the mind through the eye, is the great invention of the world...enabling us to converse with the dead, the absent, and the unborn, at all distances of time and space.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|There are objects made up of two sense elements, one visual, the other auditory—the colour of a sunrise and the distant call of a bird. Other objects are made up of many elements—the sun, the water against the swimmer's chest, the vague quivering pink which one sees when the eyes are closed, the feeling of being swept away by a river or by sleep. These second degree objects can be combined with others; using certain abbreviations, the process is practically an infinite one. There are famous poems made up of one enormous word, a word which in truth forms a poetic object, the creation of the writer. The fact that no one believes that nouns refer to an actual reality means, paradoxically enough, that there is no limit to the numbers of them.
K.B. Inglee|The first thing was not to panic, because all panic does is escalate the problem. (This is the first mistake that people make in situations like this: the cats lose their pee and the humans lose their shit.)
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Look at the time." I tipped my chin toward the clock. "It's past midnight. It's January second. You lost."For several moments he stared at the clock like it was an Arum he was about to blast into the next county and then his eyes found mine. Daemon smiled. "No. I didn't lose. I still won.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|The candor of a civilized mind comes from the ability to question self before action; the reverse is the case for the creative mind; act first, then question later.
Elizabeth I, Collected Works|(Response to King Erik XIV of Sweden's proposal of marriage:)"[W]hile we perceive ... the zeal and love of your mind towards us is not diminished, yet in part we are grieved that we cannot gratify your Serene Highness with the same kind of affection. And that indeed does not happen because we doubt in any way of your love and honour, but, as often we have testified both in words and writing, that we have never yet conceived a feeling of that kind of affection towards anyone.We therefore beg your Serene Highness again and again that you be pleased to set a limit to your love, that it advance not beyond the laws of friendship for the present nor disregard them in the future. ... We certainly think that if God ever direct our hearts to consideration of marriage we shall never accept or choose any absent husband how powerful and wealthy a Prince soever. But that we are not to give you an answer until we have seen your person is so far from the thing itself that we never even considered such a thing. I have always given both to your brother ... and also to your ambassador likewise the same answer with scarcely any variation of the words, that we do not conceive in our heart to take a husband but highly commend this single life, and hope that your Serene Highness will no longer spend time in waiting for us.
Rebecca West, The Fountain Overflows|Yes,” said Mamma, “this is the worst of life, that love does not give us common sense but is a sure way of losing it. We love people, and we say that we are going to do more for them than friendship, but it makes such fools of us that we do far less, indeed sometimes what we do could be mistaken for the work of hatred.
Edna O'Brien, Country Girl|That is the mystery about writing: it comes out of afflictions, out of the gouged times, when the heart is cut open.
Richard Attenborough|'A Christmas Carol' has been described as the most perfect of Dickens's works and as a quintessential heart-warming story, and it is certainly the most popular.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Love me, then, or hate me, as you will," I said at last, "you have my full and free forgiveness: ask now for God's, and be at peace.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|There were friends all over London who would welcome his eagerly to their homes, who would throw open their guest rooms and their fridges, eager to condole and to help. The price of all of those comfortable beds and home-cooked meals, however, would be to sit at kitchen tables, once the clean-pajamaed children were in bed, and relive the filthy final battle with Charlotte, submitting to the outraged sympathy and pity of his friends' girlfriends and wives. To this he preferred grim solitude, a Pot Noodle and a sleeping bag.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.
Michael J. Sullivan, The Death of Dulgath|To become a good dog-doctor it is necessary to love dogs, but it is also necessary to understand them - the same as with us, with the difference that it is easier to understand a dog than a man and easier to love him.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Having a big family is costly and invasive. As we realize how big our family is in Christ, how our family obligations transcend our artificial boundaries, there ought to be a weightiness to our response to our brothers and sisters in need.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|And in the Incarnation the whole human race recovers the dignity of the image of God. Henceforth, any attack even on the least of men is an attack on Christ, who took the form of man, and in his own Person restored the image of God in all that bears a human form. Through fellowship and communion with the incarnate Lord, we recover our true humanity, and at the same time we are delivered from that individualism which is the consequence of sin, and retrieve our solidarity with the whole human race. By being partakers of Christ incarnate, we are partakers in the whole humanity which he bore. We now know that we have been taken up and borne in the humanity of Jesus, and therefore that new nature we now enjoy means that we too must bear the sins and sorrows of others. The incarnate Lord makes his followers the brothers of all mankind.
Orrin Woodward|If you don't respect money, it won't respect you.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|According to Aristophanes in Plato's The Banquet, in the ancient world of legend there were three types of people.In ancient times people weren't simply male or female, but one of three types : male/male, male/female or female/female. In other words, each person was made out of the components of two people. Everyone was happy with this arrangment and never really gave it much thought. But then God took a knife and cut everyone in half, right down the middle. So after that the world was divided just into male and female, the upshot being that people spend their time running around trying to locate their missing half.
Michael Crawford|There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love.
Greg Kincaid|No matter how much falls on us, we keep plowing ahead. That's the only way to keep the roads clear.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|There is no life to be found in violence. Every act of violence brings us closer to death. Whether it's the mundane violence we do to our bodies by overeating toxic food or drink or the extreme violence of child abuse, domestic warfare, life-threatening poverty, addiction, or state terrorism.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With all your energy and strength, chase your dreams.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Its hard not being with someone you have an attraction to yet have neither seen nor meet, but your heart aches for.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|When you study the wrongs you have committed before you study the wrongs done to you, you have no choice but to label yourself inherently evil, and be forced to dissociate emotionally to avoid the horrible pain in this lie.
Walter Mosley|You know, one of the interesting things you find about writing fiction is that any fiction you write has to be political. Otherwise, it goes into the realm of fantasy. So like, if you write about a woman in America in 1910, if you don’t write that she can’t really control her property, that she can’t—doesn’t have any say over her children, that she can’t vote—if you don’t put that in it, then it’s a fantasy. Like, well, how is her life informed? That’s true about everybody. If you write about black people, you write about white men, I mean, it has to be political. A lot of people don’t realize that, it seems.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|I'll tell you what you want to hear. I mean, what I need to hear. I'll tell the truth.
Sarah alhussinan|What's your happy place?""With you.
Prince Fielder|Eating disorders are usually nothing to do with food. Parents need to be with their child to see them through it. All the therapists in the world can't help if the parents aren't present, loving, and proactive.
Joshua Gaylord, When We Were Animals|When he sees my pain, the old and new, he pushes me to give it to him. To give in to his need to consume all of it and make it his.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If I can write, who possibly can’t. Even drawing a line in the sand is writing
Samuel Beckett, First Love and Other Novellas|Jenny remembers what it was like, all those years ago. It was never dolls for her, nothing so tangible as that. It was more of a feeling. As if, for the first several years of her life, everything held over her a sort of knowledge and insistence. Fence posts, wallpaper, the lawn at certain hours of the day. These things glowered at her, or smiled. Even something as ordinary as the blue rolling chair in her father's office had some hold on her, some whisper of a new dimension in its puffs of dust sent upward by her fists against its cushions. There was an intensity inherent in everything until, one day, there wasn't. The blue chair rolled on its wheels to the window when she pushed it. The rising dust was rising dust. And when it was gone, there was only a knot of longing somewhere deep inside of her, a vacant ache: adolescence. Boredom.It's why we fall in love, Jenny will tell June.We fall in love to get back to that dimension, that wonder.She goes to the laundry room, where, from a pile of clean clothes, she picks out a few articles of June's, folds them, then goes upstairs to knock on her daughter's door and tell her that this, this lost doll world, is the reason there is love.
Jane Austen|A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
Ethan Canin|I'm nosey, and I have a great imagination. So it's not necessarily things I have to go through, but it's things people I know or my family is going through, and I hear about it, and I think, 'That sounds like a great song.'
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|This assumption of the intrinsically repressive nature of collective experience and redemptive power of individuation is a staple of contemporary art theory and criticism. I would argue that a closer analysis of collaborative and collective art practices can reveal a more complex model of social change and identity, one in which the binary oppositions of divided vs. coherent subjectivity, desiring singularity vs. totalizing collective, liberating distanciation vs. stultifying interdependence, are challenged and complicated.
Rod Blagojevich|Because the Internet is so new, we still don't really understand what it is. We mistake it for a type of publishing or broadcasting, because that's what we're used to. So people complain that there's a lot of rubbish online, or that it's dominated by Americans, or that you can't necessarily trust what you read on the Web.
Ariana Carruth, Love for Our Afflictions: Allowing Pain to Pave the Way to Peace|In that moment, I welcomed back the light and let go of the fear, the feelings of unworthiness, the past, the loss, the wallowing, the grief and the anger. I let go of the illusion of control in our losses, of our afflictions.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|What do you want from me, Snow?""Nothing," he says. And he means it, the actual bastard.
|A negative experience suggests to the mind on how to feel, but the mind decides whether to embrace it or feel otherwise.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Sometimes, the greatest safety can be found in taking the right risk. Whether it be an individual, a community or a country, when faced with tragedy or fearful uncertainty, we either become bigger and enter life more fully, or else we accept a diminished life and resign ourselves to a smaller way of being.
Visar Zhiti, The Condemned Apple: Selected Poetry|SECOND SUNSo much bloodHas been spent in this world,But we have not yet built a sun of blood.Listen, my friend,To these trembling words:A second sun will be born		of our blood		in the form of a heart.
Paul Cathcart, Persona Non Grata With Diabetes|Haiku does not express emotion from the inside out by displaying the mind of a character. Haiku builds the emotional thrust, makes the artistic statement from the outside in, from the physical world to the mind of the reader.
Ursula K. Le Guin|I prize my downtime, count on it as a writer, a parent, a person. Sometimes I think of Woody Allen's remark about masturbation, that it is sex with someone he loves. I feel as though being alone is hanging out with someone I like.
Eric J. Gates|Everything’s bad, until you find something worse.
Roger Schank|There are endless books about what every third grader must know that use the idea that factual knowledge is the basis of the ability to read as their justification. Unfortunately, the writers of these tracts have misunderstood the cognitive science behind those statements. It is difficult to read things when you don't understand what they are about, but it does not follow from that thatthe solution is to ram that knowledge down kids' throats and then have them read. It is much more clever to have them read about what they know and to gradually increase their knowledge through stories that cause them to have to learn more in order to make the stories understandable to them.
Donald Cram|I'm one of five sisters. I'm the younger of twins, and we're the youngest of five girls, and we've always been very close. We were pretty much a gang. I take after my mother a lot in terms of personality and character. She was very positive; always looked on the bright side of things. She had a tough time of it with my dad but did her best.
Adalbert Stifter, Indian Summer|We keep making decisions, every day, half without thinking, half against our will. If we don't fight back, if we allow ourselves to change, to be changed, then once it's done we have to do other things, and on and on until the person we wanted to be is so far away in the past that we only remember her, longingly, as if she were a beloved stranger.
Roy T. Bennett|Do not be complacent about your achievements and not to strive for continual improvement when you get to the top. As soon as you let success go to your head, you sink into following familiar patterns and play it safe. In other words, you risk losing your edge.
John Berger, Ways of Seeing|I am not made like any of those I have seen. I venture to believe that I am not made like any of those who are in existence. If I am not better, at least I am different.
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|They would no longer be time-bound, that they were free to live in the future, the past, in fantasy. She had been a woman preparing to live, not living.
Anne McCaffrey, Dragonsong|My nightly craft is winged in white, a dragon of night dark sea.Swift born, dream bound and rudderless, her captain and crew are me.We've sailed a hundred sleeping tides where no seaman's ever beenAnd only my white-winged craft and I know the wonders we have seen.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Know who you are and be who you are insofar as it is deem fit, for there is nothing so contemptuous to be who you are!
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Owing to thousands of generations of over-justification bred into them to keep from the maddening awareness of the true composition of the world, people had a tendency to give themselves the freedom to do whatever Shane told them, as long as it did not conflict too much with their self-preservation.
Edward Fahey|One thing an early-on writer has to learn, is to be comfortable with and responsive to critique. When five people in a group tell you this chapter sucks; don’t snap back at them with, “Sure, but it gets better in another 6 or 7 chapters!”Listen. – Thank them. – Consider.They can look from a fresh perspective, and catch things that you might be too close to see.But, you will also learn along the way that not everyone in a group of relative amateurs themselves, is going to catch everything, and there will be a few who seem to never understand much of anything.Some will always want paragraphs chopped down to explosive missiles of passion, while others are more used to long composite paragraphs that I myself find impossible to wade through.You may, once you have hit your full stride and power, feel comfortable telling a few of them, “Look. This isn’t a diner. I don’t take orders: ‘I’m gluten intolerant; he can’t do salt; she’s allergic to peanuts ...’“If what I offer is a salad bar, then No; I am not going to fry you up a cheesesteak!
Dorothy Day, The Reckless Way of Love: Notes on Following Jesus|Here is the paradox of it: the more of an individual you become the more you realize we are interrelated, that success of one requires the success of all.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|If superstition could contradict science, the world may as well be on the back of a turtle. But giving into turtle worship was a bridge too far.
Christine Warren, Heart of Stone|If you simply write him off as the god of sacrifice and nothing more, then you are way off the mark. He's got more courage, integrity, and heart than anyone I've ever met.
Ibrahim Babangida|The forefathers, including James Madison, felt very strongly that the duties that we owe to God were outside of government's prerogative, that government had no business interfering with the way we worship God.
John Ruskin|One needs more than ambition and talent to make a success of anything, really. There must be love and a vocation.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|You're a girl on fire. And it seems to me, you been dousing those flames for years. Let yourself burn a little.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the spirit is happy, the soul is full of smiles.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|A man is angry at a libel because it is false, but at a satire because it is true.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Ultimately, it is the desire, not the desired, that we love.
Imre Kertész, Yo, Otro. Crónica del Cambio|Myslím, že na místa, kde se odvíjely rozhodující události našich životů, stojí za to občas zavítat, abychom zjistili: nemáme sami se sebou nic společného.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Children learn from anything and everything they see. They learn wherever they are, not just in special learning places.
Mary Crocker Cook, Awakening Hope. a Developmental, Behavioral, Biological Approach to Codependency Treatment.|With intimacy comes the possibility of “engulfment” or being taken hostage by the demands of others. We may have distorted perceptions of the “demands” and obligations placed upon us by those who claim to love us. Trusting that love to be unconditional is almost impossible for us, and we are always scanning for the unstated “subtext” or hidden “agenda” connected to this love.
Muriel Spark, Curriculum Vitae: Autobiography|The sparkle and morning-freshness of the shop, and the butter-conjuring girl, formed a mind-picture which accompanied the whole of my youth.(about the Buttercup Dairy)
John Geddes|Organization isn't about perfection; it's about efficiency, reducing stress and clutter, saving time and money and improving your overall quality of life.
Charlaine Harris, All Together Dead|Hoyt was by himself right under one of the portable lights rigged up for the occasion. He had his hands thrust in his pockets, and he looked more serious than I’d ever seen him. There was something strange about the sight, and after a second I figured out why.It was one of the few times I’d ever seen Hoyt alone.
Kim Kardashian|My dinners at home are startlingly simple. Every night, I stop at the market near my hotel and pick up a steak, lamb chops or some liver, which I broil in the electric oven in my room. I usually eat four or five raw carrots with my meat, and that is all. I must be part rabbit; I never get bored with raw carrots.
Robin Jarvis, Romantic Writing and Pedestrian Travel|This is important to writing. . . that is, it is important to my own writing. This. . . is landscape! Mine. This dirt came from the prairie where I was a child. I played in it, dug in it, planted in it, and walked over it. It is where I began. And all my writing begins with a landscape such as this. A place.
Jean-Michel Jarre|Not one of us can rest, be happy, be at home, be at peace with ourselves, until we end hatred and division.
Barry Eisler, Livia Lone|Most people are like sheep. Nice, harmless creatures who want nothing more than to be left alone so they can graze. But then of course there are wolves. Who want nothing more than to eat the sheep.But there’s a third kind of person. The sheepdog. Sheepdogs have fangs like wolves. But their instinct isn’t predation. It’s protection. All they want, what they live for, is to protect the flock.
Leslie T. Chang|The past has been there all along, reminding us: This time--maybe, hopefully, against all odds, we will get it right.
Drew Gilpin Faust|In a deeply tribal sense, we love our monsters, and I think that is the key to it right there. It is monsters; it is learning about them: it is both thrill and safety. You can think of them without being desperately afraid because they are not going to come into your living room and eat you. That is 'Jaws.'
Shannon L. Alder|Arrange your life in such a way that you don't make choices based on fear of God, instead of love of God.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|There is no point in apportioning blame. What is done, is done.
Chandan Sharma|I never ask perception about me to anyone but mirror, it never lies.
Abbi Glines, Ceaseless|So when your hopes on fire,But you know your desire,Don't hold a glass over the flame,Don't let your heart grow cold, I will call you by name, I will share your road.
Daniel Amory, Minor Snobs|Should I have a doughnut or my disgusting cardboard?” asked Gwynn, as she drew up languidly before me at a study table in a bookstore on State Street, raising a puffed rice cake in the air. My eyes narrowed attentively at her face, but as I hesitated, she announced eagerly, “Disgusting cardboard it is!
Gala.J|And God said: Let there be light, and there was light." Lena opened her eyes, feeling as if someone had been reading this verse out loud in the room. She looked around. Another morning dawned, and the sky glowed. Why did God say the word light out loud? Wasn’t it enough for him just to think of light for there to be light? And did he summon the light to one specific place? Or only to some places? Perhaps he summoned the light everywhere. Her eyes followed the sun’s beams that poured through the shutter slats, creating luminous flecks of gold that sparkled against the cabinet across from her. Tiny motes floated in the light and disappeared in the dark. Who did God created the light for?
Randall Jarrell, Selected Poems|my mine ,I searching for you ..long time in the trip time walls,searching you in was me..I never felt lonely,this world always singeven at grave heart'sbeing numb to hearyour song is ..What the dealt of this life saidso breathe in wind singingsinking sailing in waves,and breathe out find me..in the rain and riversbut you and me are the ocean,you know ? in long time agothe time in this room make you forget..keep searching time with me and i.put the name your mine to heart of golduntil you coming home,behind the tumble light waiting.
Ahmed Ali Anjum|Some kids are black, or brown - some kids are red, and others white.Kids come in all different colors, shapes and styles - beautiful and bright!
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|The erotic drive is the great energy that moves through all evolution.What about love? Where does that fit in?Love's simply the handmaiden of the great energy, and an excuse to write suspect poetry.
Scott Joffe|When one door shuts... sometimes it's best to leave it shut, and move on...
Francois Hollande|For what were all these country patriots born? To hunt, and vote, and raise the price of corn?
Richie Singh, Chasing Butterflies|Reality is, Hope and Despair lie in the same places. And they're just a matter of perspective.What changed my perspective, was her.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|There is no need to rush in life. Just with one word at a time, your sweet life history will be written boldly in capitals and highlighted for easy access. Be sure you are passing the test of patience!
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|I don’t know when reading books became the most essential thing about me, but it happened over the years and I found myself the most willing servant of what I considered a rich habit.
Cole Alpaugh, The Spy's Little Zonbi|And in a land accustomed to so much anguish, Chase tried to be careful with words. His soccer moms began assigningnicknames during the first day of official practice: Difom, Kakas, Kochma, and Maldyok, which roughly translated to Deformed, Carcass, Nightmare, and Bad Eye.He made a new rule regarding nicknames.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|Love gives us happiness, peace then it gives us a lot of pain and you also have to sacrifice your happiness, then you began to hate that person, so fall for friendships. Respect each other’s space and styles, then hangout and enjoy
J. K. Rowling|The Bible should be taught, but emphatically not as reality. It is fiction, myth, poetry, anything but reality. As such it needs to be taught because it underlies so much of our literature and our culture.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|As the several items can be exchanged, they must be equal; but in what terms? Not in pounds, yards, or hours; they are equal in value. Then what is wanted is a unit of value to reckon by.
Jake Danishevsky, AfterTastes and Tales from Russia|A North Korean soldier would later recall a buddy who had been given an American-made nail clipper and was showing it off to his friends. The soldier clipped a few nails, admired the sharp, clean edges, and marveled at the mechanics of this simple item. Then he realized with a sinking heart: If North Korea couldn’t make such a fine nail clipper, how could it compete with American weapons?
William Brodrick, The Day of the Lie|Ultimately, that’s what evil is . . . it’s something bad without an explanation. Which is why it’s terrifying. And as for mercy in the dark – well, what is salvation if not a light greater than all the shadows, something good which cannot be explained? It, too, can be terrifying. I doubt if men like Otto Brack, would dare look in its direction.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|I began to enjoy my own generosity; I felt the pleasure of pleasing others, especially as this was accompanied by money-power. I was paying for them; they were grateful, they had to be; and they could no longer see me as a failure.
Susan Wiggs, At the King's Command|He (William Cort) had some desire to be successful, but it did not burn so strongly in him that he was prepared to overcome his character to achieve it.
Thomas Perez|I'm not a real sports guy, but I check ESPN.com just so I know what people are talking about.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|As soon as you wink, you close your eyes to reality.
Herbert M. Shelton, Fasting for Renewal of Life|In a fast, the body tears down its defective parts and then builds anew when eating is resumed.
Little Richard|God of peace, bring your peace to our violent world: peace in the hearts of all men and women and peace among the nations of the Earth.
Sunday Adelaja|You have to be pragmatic, purposeful and goal-oriented to be fully effective
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature. I can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.
Remez Sasson|You get peace of mind not by thinking about it or imagining it, but by quietening and relaxing the restless mind.
Omar Abbasi|There is always a better option, than the option giving up.
Zander Sherman, The Curiosity of School: Education and the Dark Side of Enlightenment|We love to learn because learning feels good. It both satisfies and stimulates curiosity. Reading a good book, having a meaningful conversation, listening to great music—just doing these things make us happy. They have no extrinsic purpose. To give them one takes away from their joy.
Elissa Schappell, Blueprints for Building Better Girls: Fiction|The duty of the moment is what you should be doing at any given time, in whatever place God has put you.You may not have Christ in a homeless person at your door, but you may have a little child.If you have a child, your duty of the moment may be to change a dirty diaper.So you do it.But you don't just change that diaper, you change it to the best of your ability, with great love for both God and that child....There are all kinds of good Catholic things you can do, but whatever they are, you have to realize that there is always the duty of the moment to be done.And it must be done, because the duty of the moment is the duty of God.
Horace, Arte poética|Quidquid praecipies, esto brevis.(Whatever advice you give, be brief.)
Anne Bishop, Vision in Silver|... you know my belief in bald-headed Fortune, with the one solitary hair. Well, I meant to grab that hair...
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|Not that there seems to be any appropriate place to bury someone, but these municipal cemeteries, or any cemetery at all for that matter, like the ones by the highway, or the ones in the middle of town, with all these bodies with their corresponding rocks - oh it's just too primitive and vulgar, isn't it? The hole, and the box, and the rock on the grass? And we glamorize this process, feel it fitting and dramatic, austerely beautiful, standing there by the hole as we lower the box. It's incredible. Barbaric and base.
John Milton, The History of Britain; That Part Especially Now Called England, from the First Traditional Beginning Continued to the Norman Conquest|But, though all our knowledge begins with experience, it by no means follows that all arises out of experience.
Dada Bhagwan|The person who knows how to adjust to others, he will not have any suffering. ‘Adjust everywhere’.
Jalaluddin Rumi|A moment of happiness,you and I sitting on the verandah,apparently two, but one in soul, you and I.We feel the flowing water of life here,you and I, with the garden's beautyand the birds singing.The stars will be watching us,and we will show themwhat it is to be a thin crescent moon.You and I unselfed, will be together,indifferent to idle speculation, you and I.The parrots of heaven will be cracking sugaras we laugh together, you and I.In one form upon this earth,and in another form in a timeless sweet land.
Junot Diaz|I'm a comedian, and I definitely see the humor in a lot of things. I am also sad a lot. I cry often and easily. I think you're supposed to feel all kinds of things.
M. Scott Peck|We are the creative force of our life, and through our own decisions rather than our conditions, if we carefully learn to do certain things, we can accomplish those goals.
Adele|A gift, with a kind countenance, is a double present.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|One of the things that strikes me most though is how some people don't realise they're self-harming. The phrase 'self-harm' brings up thoughts of 'cutting', but that's only a small portion of it. When you drink excessively to drown your sorrows to the point you throw up and can't see straight and/or, like a girl at my school, ended up being driven to hospital to have her stomach pumped, you've brought harm to yourself. If you take drugs to feel numb and it becomes an addiction that you can't break, you've self-harmed. When you starve yourself or binge eat to fit the latest fashions, you're pushing your body further than it can go.We need to start treating ourselves how we deserve to be treated, even if you feel that no one else does. Prove to the world you ARE worth something by treating yourself with the utmost respect and hope that other people will follow your example. And even if they don't, at least one person in the world is treating you well: YOU.
Frank Herbert, Heretics of Dune|At the quantum level our universe can be seen as an indeterminate place, predictable in a statistical way only when you employ large enough numbers. Between that universe and a relatively predictable one where the passage of a single planet can be timed to a picosecond, other forces come into play. For the in-between universe where we find our daily lives, that which you believe is a dominant force. Your beliefs order the unfolding of daily events. If enough of us believe, a new thing can be made to exist. Belief structure creates a filter through which chaos is sifted into order.
Dylan Moran|Don't do it! Stay away from your potential. You'll mess it up, it's potential, leave it. Anyway, it's like your bank balance - you always have a lot less than you think.
Marty Rubin|To the tourist, travel is a means to an end; to the traveler, it's an end in itself.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|... we absolutely mustn't forget it. We mustn't forget old people with their rotten bodies, old people who are so close to death, something that young people don't want to think about (so it is to retirement homes that they entrust the care of accompanying their parents to the threshold, with no fuss or bother). And where's the joy in these final hours they ought to be making the most of? They're spent in boredom and bitterness, endlessly revisiting memories. We mustn't forget that our bodies decline, friends die, everyone forgets about us, and the end is solitude. Nor must we forget that these old people were young once, that a lifespan is pathetically short, that one day you're twenty and the next day you're eighty.
Taylor Swift|Botox, trust me I've been tempted - but I resist! Think about what happens to your muscles - and your skin - if you're sick and don't move for a few days. It all atrophies! Plus, if you freeze a muscle in your face, other muscles have to compensate! And once you stop, what does that look like?
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|To understand the truth of everything,it took guts more than simply thinking.
Peter Benchley, Jaws|Sharks have everything a scientist dreams of. They're beautiful―God, how beautiful they are! They're like an impossibly perfect piece of machinery. They're as graceful as any bird. They're as mysterious as any animal on earth. No one knows for sure how long they live or what impulses―except for hunger―they respond to. There are more than two hundred and fifty species of shark, and everyone is different from every other one.
Michael Pollan|Well, I met Frank Sinatra and Bob Dylan in the space of 15 minutes. Frank Sinatra kissed me on the lips. He kissed me on the lips. And then he gave me a filterless cigarette. And then I met Bob Dylan. I came off all lightheaded and had to go sit on his dressing-room steps.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|My heart is breaking," she says. "I want to be strong for you right now but the thought of you leaving is killing me inside.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|What saps your energy and drains your strength? If it makes you feel bad on the inside, it will make those around you feel bad too! Don’t be the energy vampire whom people want to avoid.
Scott Stabile|Today is the perfect day to do something daring. Like just be yourself, for instance.
Will Leamon|A 'sadist' of her kind is an artist in evil, which a wholly wicked person could not be...
Sanhita Baruah|Congratulations.You've just been demoted from the "pity" sector to the "apathy" sector.To check the validity of this offer you can ask if anyone cares.To cancel your subscription, go get a life.Thank you.
Mark Gonzales|And I understand my sisters when they say every woman has a story that's been told a maxim of one soul, maybe lessAnd that is why you'll never hear me call a woman slut, bitch or a dyke,No matter what she does, because I do not blame herI blame the men who have emotionally and physically raped her,I blame these corporations whose images tell them they hate her,And I put my arms on her shoulder and tell her how great to life and to God that SHE created her
Ed O'Neill|Growing up in Canada, none of my family were performers or anything like that, but I was terrible at hockey, so they needed something for me to do on Saturdays for me to get out of the house. I signed up for theater school on Saturdays, and I'd go for four-and-a-half hours every Saturday morning and learn about theater.
Dave Van Ronk|That's my fun time so, to me, doing my homework, studying on what I do, watching the movies, listening to music, all that inspires me so I focus a lot on that and practice.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Lady Katsa, is it?" "Yes, Lord Prince.""I've heard you have one eye green as the Middluns grasses, and the other eye blue as the sky.""Yes, Lord Prince.""I've heard you can kill a man with the nail of your smallest finger."She smiled. "Yes, Lord Prince.""Does it make it easier?""I don't understand you.""To have beautiful eyes. Does it lighten the burden of your Grace, to know you have beautiful eyes?
David Rakoff, Don't Get Too Comfortable: The Indignities of Coach Class, The Torments of Low Thread Count, The Never-Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil, and Other First World Problems|For most of my life, I would have automatically said that I would opt for conscientious objector status, and in general, I still would. But the spirit of the question is would I ever, and there are instances where I might. If immediate intervention would have circumvented the genocide in Rwanda or stopped the Janjaweed in Darfur, would I choose pacifism? Of course not. Scott Simon, the reporter for National Public Radio and a committed lifelong Quaker, has written that it took looking into mass graves in former Yugoslavia to convince him that force is sometimes the only option to deter our species' murderous imp
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|How shallow is the stage on which this vast drama of human hates and joys and friendships is played! Whence do men draw this passion for eternity, flung by chance as they are upon a scarcely cooled bed of lava, threatened by the beginning by the deserts that are to be, under the constant menace of the snows? Their civilizations are but fragile gildings: a volcano can blot them out, a new sea, a sand-storm.
William Shakespeare|I think goals should never be easy, they should force you to work, even if they are uncomfortable at the time.
Angie karan|Like the unfolding of a rose, allow your authentic self to grow, bloom and emerge.... shine in your radiance and In JOY all that you ARE... send your love out to all you touch... like a delicate perfume in the breeze...
Lord Melbourne|Solitude and retirement cherish grief, employment and exertion are the only means of dissipating it.
Pablo Picasso|Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|But if you really learn how to pay attention, then you will know there are other options. It will actually be within your power to experience a crowded, hot, slow, consumer-hell type situation as not only meaningful, but sacred, on fire with the same force that made the stars: love, fellowship, the mystical oneness of all things deep down.
Pat Williams, Read for Your Life: 11 Ways to Better Yourself Through Books|106When I don’t have anything to read, I feel like a tortoise without a shell or a boat without an anchor. There is nothing to hide under. Nowhere to stop and rest. When I don’t have a book, there is nowhere good or interesting to be, there is nobody to care about, nothing to hope for, and nothing to puzzle over. When I do have something to read, it keeps me breathing. It’s the reward for all the other things. It’s the thing to look forward to, the reason for doing my day.” p. 177, Dime
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Law of Suspects. Suspects are those: who have in any way aided tyranny (royal tyranny, Brissotin tyranny...); who cannot show that they have performed their civic duties; who do not starve, and yet have no visible means of support; who have been refused certificates of citizenship by their Sections; who have been removed from public office by the Convention or its representatives; who belong to an aristocratic family, and have not given proof of constant and extraordinary revolutionary fervor; or who have emigrated.
Rosa Luxemburg|Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party – though they are quite numerous – is no freedom at all. Freedom is always the freedom of the one who thinks differently. Not because of any fanatical concept of justice, but because all that is instructive, wholesome and purifying in political freedom depends on this essential characteristic, and its effectiveness vanishes when ‘freedom’ becomes a special privilege.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The Western post-Christian civilization has picked up the Christ without His Cross. But a Christ without a sacrifice that reconciles the world to God is a cheap, colorless, itinerant preacher who deserves to be popular for His great Sermon on the Mount, but also merits unpopularity for what He said about His Divinity on the one hand, and divorce, judgment, and hell on the other. This sentimental Christ is patched together with a thousand commonplaces, sustained sometimes by academic etymologists who cannot see the Word for the letters, or distorted beyond personal recognition by a dogmatic principle that anything which is Divine must necessarily be a myth. Without His Cross, He becomes nothing more than a sultry precursor of democracy or a humanitarian who taught brotherhood without tears.
hiba bouchallouf|if you are able to decide , then you are able to be happy
Dana Perino|The universe is so unique and perfect that it could not have originated by chance but was divined by flawless, creative design.
Sage Steadman, Upon Destiny's Song|He was not being courageous as he bore the freezing stream for his wife and children. He simply chose between the lesser of two evils—the pain and suffering he would endure in the river, a physical pain that he could stand to bear, or the pain and suffering he would feel if he had to watch his family wade across and freeze. It was not a decision. The choice had already been made the moment Ole proposed marriage to his wife and welcomed these beautiful daughters into the world.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|You gotta face the hand you're dealt with and deal with it, and make your problems be the smallest part of who you are.
Molly Ringle, Relatively Honest|And I got out of there without punching anyone, kicking anyone, or breaking down in tears. Some days the small victories are all you achieve.
Brian Eshleman|We email, Facebook, tweet and text with people who are going to spend eternity in either heaven or hell. Our lives are too short to waste on mere temporal conversations when massive eternal realities hang in the balance. Just as you and I have no guarantee that we will live through the day, the people around us are not guaranteed tomorrow either. So let's be intentional about sewing the threads of the gospel into the fabric of our conversations every day, knowing that it will not always be easy, yet believing that eternity will always be worth it.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|True friends are those who came into your life, saw the most negative part of you, but are not ready to leave you, no matter how contagious you are to them.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|The Bedlam that greeted James Tilly Matthews, then, was not so much a baroque spectacle of depravity as an exhausted and run-down public institution, its building falling apart and its professional image tarnished.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Those of us who have overcome so many adversities from a very young age, are privileged to be able to communicate profound insights and advice to others, speaking from a place of genuine confidence and knowing.
Thomas More|One man to live in pleasure and wealth, whiles all other weap and smart for it, that is the part not of a king, but of a jailor.
Robin Brande, Evolution, Me & Other Freaks of Nature|Maybe if I had to boil it down to one easy sentence, it would be this: I believe in evolution, and I believe in God. I just haven't worked out the details yet.
Brian McGreevy|Lilah did little more than sleep and eat and cry, which to me was the most fascinating thing in the entire universe. Why did she cry? When did she sleep? What made her eat a lot one day and little the next? Was she changing with time? I did what any obsessed person would do in such a case: I recorded data, plotted it, calculated statistical correlations. First I just wrote on scraps of paper and made charts on graph paper, but I very quickly became more sophisticated. I wrote computer software to make a beautifully colored plot showing times when Diane fed Lilah, in black; when I fed her, in blue (expressed mother's milk, if you must know); Lilah's fussy times, in angry red; her happy times, in green. I calculated patterns in sleeping times, eating times, length of sleep, amounts eaten.Then, I did what any obsessed person would do these days; I put it all on the Web.
Natsuki Takaya|I'm not sure why I've decided to do this. I'm not any stronger than I was, and nothing else has changed. But all the same, this time I'm not going to run away. It's okay to feel weak sometimes. It's okay to be afraid. The important thing is that we face our fears. That's what makes us strong."-Yuki
Mother Teresa, In the Heart of the World: Thoughts, Stories and Prayers|Hungry for love, He looks at you. Thirsty for kindness, He begs of you. Naked for loyalty, He hopes in you. Homeless for shelter in your heart, He asks of you. Will you be that one to Him?
Dan Skinner, The Price of Dick|It was Freud's ambition to discover the cause of hysteria, the archetypal female neurosis of his time. In his early investigations, he gained the trust and confidence of many women, who revealed their troubles to him.Time after time, Freud's patients, women from prosperous, conventional families, unburdened painful memories of childhood sexual encounters with men they had trusted: family friends, relatives, and fathers. Freud initially believed his patients and recognized the significance of their confessions. In 1896, with the publication of two works, The Aetiology of Hysteria and Studies on Hysteria, he announced that he had solved the mystery of the female neurosis. At the origin of every case of hysteria, Freud asserted, was a childhood sexual trauma.But Freud was never comfortable with this discovery, because of what it implied about the behavior of respectable family men. If his patients' reports were true, incest was not a rare abuse, confined to the poor and the mentally defective, but was endemic to the patriarchal family. Recognizing the implicit challenge to patriarchal values, Freud refused to identify fathers publicly as sexual aggressors. Though in his private correspondence he cited "seduction by the father" as the "essential point" in hysteria, he was never able to bring himself to make this statement in public. Scrupulously honest and courageous in other respects, Freud falsified his incest cases. In The Aetiology of Hysteria, Freud implausibly identified governessss, nurses, maids, and children of both sexes as the offenders. In Studies in Hysteria, he managed to name an uncle as the seducer in two cases. Many years later, Freud acknowledged that the "uncles" who had molested Rosaslia and Katharina were in fact their fathers. Though he had shown little reluctance to shock prudish sensibilities in other matters, Freud claimed that "discretion" had led him to suppress this essential information. Even though Freud had gone to such lengths to avoid publicly inculpating fathers, he remained so distressed by his seduction theory that within a year he repudiated it entirely. He concluded that his patients' numerous reports of sexual abuse were untrue. This conclusion was based not on any new evidence from patients, but rather on Freud's own growing unwillingness to believe that licentious behavior on the part of fathers could be so widespread. His correspondence of the period revealed that he was particularly troubled by awareness of his own incestuous wishes toward his daughter, and by suspicions of his father, who had died recently.p9-10
David Bowie|There are precedents for what happens when societies allow the divide between rich and poor to get so huge that it stops being funny and starts becoming a sick, blood-boiling joke. If you had a Tardis, you could go back to 1917 and ask the Russian royal family how it was all going.
Maria Shriver|Today we have a health insurance industry where the first and foremost goal is to maximize profits for shareholders and CEOs, not to cover patients who have fallen ill or to compensate doctors and hospitals for their services. It is an industry that is increasingly concentrated and where Americans are paying more to receive less.
Anton du Beke|'Strictly' is a bit like scoring the winning goal in the FA Cup Final or sinking the final putt in the Ryder Cup - only a few people get the opportunity to do it, and they have got to be famous.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|These prin­ciples laid down as in variable rules: that one must pay a card sharper, but need not pay a tailor; that one must never tell a lie to a man, but one may to a woman; that one must never cheat any one, but one may a husband; that one must never pardon an insult, but one may give one and so on. These principles were possibly not reasonable and not good, but they were of unfailing certainty, and so long as he adhered to them, Vronsky felt that his heart was at peace and he could hold his head up.
Balthus|Contrary to general belief, an artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs.
David Foster Wallace|The integrity of my sleep has been forever compromised, sir.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|You have the right to set ground rules. This means deciding if, when, and how you want to see the people in your family. Many survivors feel that if they open up the channels at all, they have to open them up all the way. When you were a child you had two options—to trust or not to trust. Your options are broader now.
Lee Ezell|Pray to God, but row towards shore.
Roderick Cave & Sara Ayad, The History of the Book in 100 Books: The Complete Story, From Egypt to E-Book|It needs to be repeated that books are much more than merely vehicles for text. Awareness of the way a book is created, the materials of which it is made, flipping through the volume to see how it is arranged, the intended readership, the clues of the previous ownership and use, and potential problems in its conservation - all these become almost instinctive for experienced readers. (For rare-book custodians, such things as smelling a volume or shaking a leaf to hear the rattle provide further "forensic" information.) This is like an extension to the metadata (such as a book's Dewey class number), which is still largely absent from e-books.
Lolah Runda, Legendary Kamigami|There can never be equality, so long the heavens have decided together with the darkness in the heart of men, such idealistic desire will never come to fruition.
Lincoln Patz|Before the fruits of prosperity can come, the storms of life need to first bring the required rains of testing, which mixes with the seeds of wisdom to produce a mature harvest.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|I shall try to persuade first the Rulers and soldiers, and then the rest of the community, that the upbringing and education we have given them was all something that happened to them only in a dream. In reality they were fashioned and reared, and their arms and equipment manufactured, in the depths of the earth, and Earth herself, their mother, brought them up, when they were complete, into the light of day; so now they must think of the land in which they live as their mother and protect her if she is attacked, while their fellow citizens they must regard as brothers born of the same mother earth…. That is the story. Do you know of any way of making them believe it?”	“Not in the first generation,” he said, “but you might succeed with the second, and later generations.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I've shepherded a good many people through their lives, I've baptized babies by the hundred, and all that time I have felt as though a great part of life was closed to me. Your mother says I was like Abraham. But I had no old wife and no promise of a child. I was just getting by on books and baseball and fried-egg sandwiches.
Malcolm X|Be of service. Whether you make yourself available to a friend or co-worker, or you make time every month to do volunteer work, there is nothing that harvests more of a feeling of empowerment than being of service to someone in need.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|I find I am much prouder of the victory I obtain over myself, when, in the very ardor of dispute, I make myself submit to my adversary’s force of reason, than I am pleased with the victory I obtain over him through his weakness.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Since the war, we're the only intelligent species left in the universe, therefore we think everything in this universe has to conform to our paradigm of what makes sense. Do you have any idea how arrogant that view is and on how little of this universe we base it?
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|if you can’t make a joke at a time like this, what’s the point of living?
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|The Air Loom, if Matthews revealed its existence under questioning, would now be recognised immediately as a classic paranoid delusion. But in 1797 it was something that had never been encountered before, and would emerge as the baffling leitmotif of a case that was unprecedented in almost every imaginable way.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|I skipped between the dancers, twirling my skirts. The seated, masked musicians didn’t look up at me as I leaped before them, dancing in place. No chains, no boundaries—just me and the music, dancing and dancing. I wasn’t faerie, but I was a part of this earth, and the earth was a part of me, and I would be content to dance upon it for the rest of my life.One of the musicians looked up from his fiddling, and I halted.Sweat gleamed on the strong column of his neck as he rested his chin upon the dark wood of the fiddle. He’d rolled up the sleeves of his shirt, revealing the cords of muscle along his forearms. He had once mentioned that he would have liked to be a traveling minstrel if not a warrior or a High Lord—now, hearing him play, I knew he could have made a fortune from it.“I’m sorry, Tam,” Lucien panted, appearing from nowhere. “I left her alone for a little at one of the food tables, and when I caught up to her, she was drinking the wine, and—”Tamlin didn’t pause in his playing. His golden hair damp with sweat, he looked marvelously handsome—even though I couldn’t see most of his face. He gave me a feral smile as I began to dance in place before him. “I’ll look after her,” Tamlin murmured above the music, and I glowed, my dancing becoming faster. “Go enjoy yourself.” Lucien fled.I shouted over the music, “I don’t need a keeper!” I wanted to spin and spin and spin.“No, you don’t,” Tamlin said, never once stumbling over his playing. How his bow did dance upon the strings, his fingers sturdy and strong, no signs of those claws that I had come to stop fearing … “Dance, Feyre,” he whispered.So I did.I was loosened, a top whirling around and around, and I didn’t know who I danced with or what they looked like, only that I had become the music and the fire and the night, and there was nothing that could slow me down.Through it all, Tamlin and his musicians played such joyous music that I didn’t think the world could contain it all. I sashayed over to him, my faerie lord, my protector and warrior, my friend, and danced before him. He grinned at me, and I didn’t break my dancing as he rose from his seat and knelt before me in the grass, offering up a solo on his fiddle to me.
William Jennings Bryan|Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved.
Epicurus|Live in the present. Don't think about things that aren't happening. Definitely don't think about eating cheeseburgers when you're not eating cheeseburgers. First of all, it's not happening. Second of all, it'll just make you hungry.
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|Let the preacher tell the truth. Let him make audible the silence of the news of the world with the sound turned off so that in the silence we can hear the tragic truth of the Gospel, which is that the world where God is absent is a dark and echoing emptiness; and the comic truth of the Gospel, which is that it is into the depths of his absence that God makes himself present in such unlikely ways and to such unlikely people that old Sarah and Abraham and maybe when the time comes even Pilate and Job and Lear and Henry Ward Beecher and you and I laugh till the tears run down our cheeks. And finally let him preach this overwhelming of tragedy by comedy, of darkness by light, of the ordinary by the extraordinary, as the tale that is too good not to be true because to dismiss it as untrue is to dismiss along with it that catch of the breath, that beat and lifting of the heart near to or even accompanied by tears, which I believe is the deepest intuition of truth that we have.
Johnny Cash, Cash|What are ghosts if not the hope that love continues beyond our ordinary senses? If ghosts are a delusion, then let me be deluded.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your brand is that ADHESIVE image you carry, that has the ability to STICK to the minds of people you meet physically or otherwise. Brand yourself positively because whoever gets to know you when passing by takes your image along!
Karina Halle, Love, in English|Consider now the Milky Way. Here also we see an innumerable dust, only the grains of this dust are no longer atoms but stars; these grains also move with great velocities, they act at a distance one upon another, but this action is so slight at great distances that their trajectories are rectilineal; nevertheless, from time to time, two of them may come near enough together to be deviated from their course, like a comet that passed too close to Jupiter. In a word, in the eyes of a giant, to whom our Suns were what our atoms are to us, the Milky Way would only look like a bubble of gas.
Meg Donohue, Dog Crazy: A Novel of Love Lost and Found|This house is just a thing .... On your love list, always put the beating hearts at the top.
Mother Teresa|Josie, life is not a Mills and Boon book. People fall out of love. People disappoint other people and they find it very hard to forgive.
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, 99 Question and Answers About Unschooling: The World Is Your Child's Classroom|But for some reason the Department believed all students should learn the exact same way and at the exact same time, demonstrating that no one in Instruction knew the first thing about children.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|A human is just a human, but a human together with God is a super-human
Joe Hill, The Fireman|There's something horribly unfair about dying in the middle of a good story, before you have a chance to see how it all comes out. Of course, I suppose everyone ALWAYS dies in the middle of a good story, in a sense. Your own story. Or the story of your grandchildren. Death is a raw deal for narrative junkies.
I. H. Richardson|Alexier found that a dose of humility did wonders to one’s ability to grasp new ideas and, after all, it had been this very ability that made him the researcher he was today.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|If you don't learn to travel comfortably alongside your fear, then you'll never be able to go anywhere interesting or do anything interesting.
E. Nesbit, The Story of the Amulet|Acting with confidence, but inside lacking certainty, I'd told her I could.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|You can tell people the truth, but they'll never believe until the event. Until it's too late. In the meantime, the truth will just piss them off and get you in a lot of trouble
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|This is what progress does, you know. Each step into the future makes us ever so much grander and more demanding and thus ever so slightly less human.
Woody Allen|I never, even for a moment, doubted what they’d told me. This is why it is that adults and even parents can, unwittingly, be cruel: they cannot imagine doubt’s complete absence. They have forgotten.
José Saramago, Seeing|but the effort of setting the table, heating up the food and then washing the dishes seemed to him tonight a superhuman one.
Eric Hobsbawm|Here's how I see obesity: as a symptom. The larger problem is over-consumption. In a society that identifies consumption with patriotism, valorizes 'growth' above all else and assigns status according to how much you consume, we compete with each other to see who can consume the most.
Poppet, Ryan|You can only push me so far little slakax, and then I will do what has to be done, with or without your permission.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Where do we begin this process of reevaluation of values? It makes sense to begin with our mind, which is the tool we use to evaluate. Once we make sure it is functioning as it should, we can feel confident in using it to think about our beliefs and priorities.
Martin Gayford, A Bigger Message: Conversations with David Hockney|Hence the detail which interests me is not, or at least is not strictly intentional, and probably must not be so; it occurs in the field of the photographed thing like a supplement that is at once inevitable and delightful; it does not necessarily attest to the photographer's art; it says only that the photographer was there, or else, still more simply, that he could not (i)not(i) photograph the partial object at the same time as the total object (how could Kerész have 'separated' the dirt road from the violinist walking on it?). The Photographer's 'second sight' does not consist in 'seeing' but in being there. And above all, imitating Orpheus, he must not turn back to look at what he is leading — what hi is giving to me!
Rob Thurman, All Seeing Eye|Dovepaw made a mess of the hunting, true. But she ran to help a Clanmate in trouble when she had no idea what danger she would have to face on the other side of that bramble thicket. And when we couldn't get Icecloud out of the hole, she was quick to volunteer to be lowered down to help her, even though no cat really knew what might have been down there.
A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants|There is something magical about the world at night. Sitting at the dining room table, sipping a glass of iced tea, I can totally understand why Dad gets up so early. Minutes seem to last longer when the rest of the world is asleep.
Michael Morpurgo|The biggest test for parents is not how they parent, but how the respond to disorder and unpredictability.
Nora Roberts, Dark Witch|We did the usual beauty, grace, anti-dirt spell, voice of a songbird, the works…it is never that kind of beauty that we gift. It is a spell. You are the most beautiful woman in the world to your true love. To everyone else, well… that’s up to nature. But, you are decently pretty. I don’t know why you are complaining.
Edgar Allan Poe|Depend upon it, after all, Thomas, Literature is the most noble of professions. In fact, it is about the only one fit for a man. For my own part, there is no seducing me from the path.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|whenever a new thing is required for the world, then it is created spontaneously. This means a new thing is created within the body of a human body and the world gets the same thing.What is that new thing? It is the eternal question - who am I and what is the relation between the human race and me.
Becky G|From Japan to Thailand, I keep discovering amazing talent, cuisine and food markets.
Agatha Christie, Murder in the Mews|I would never tell you what to believe, Daniel, so please don't tell me that my opinion is wrong. We should be allowed a few basic human rights in life: the right to decide what goes into our bodies and the right to have an opinion without feeling shamed for it.
Helen Fisher|When people ask me about my story, I just go through the positive stuff: the tent-pole moments, the big landmark checkpoints.
Richard Killeen, A Brief History of Ireland|Like a lot of stupid people, it took a great deal to get an idea into the king's head, but once there, there was no shifting it.
Karl Lagerfeld|I don't know of a Democrat - whether they're a conservative, a centrist or a liberal Democrat - that doesn't think that it's important to have quality jobs that pay decent wages so that families can support themselves, so that they can have the dignity of being able to afford health care, put money aside for pension, buy a home.
Euginia Herlihy|Think back. How many of your sweetest dreams, your greatest hopes, your most cherished desires have come true?On the other hand, how much of what you didn't really care about wound up happening anyway?What you have to understand is that it's the god of solitude who also happens to be in charge of denying us what we desperately want.She does it because she believes the more we get what we desperately want, the more miserable we become, even more so than we already are.As Truman Capote put it, "More tears are shed for answered prayers than unanswered 
William Shakespeare|With me, what you see is what you get. Yes, call me naive, but I love life. I am happy, and for that, I make no apologies. I do like to see the best in people, and when someone is nice to my face, I tend to believe them.
Debasish Mridha|If you can dream it and visualize it, they you can achieve it.
John James Audubon|I sometimes wish I had been educated a Catholic, in order to unite the poetry of religion with its higher principles. Are they necessarily inseparable? Is man really so much of a philosopher, that he can conceive of truth in its abstract purity, and divest life and the affections of all the aids of the imagination?
Charles Dickens|The American People will come first once again. My plan will begin with safety at home - which means safe neighborhoods, secure borders, and protection from terrorism. There can be no prosperity without law and order.
Justin Cronin, The Summer Guest|Real courage is doing the right thing when nobody's looking. Doing the unpopular thing because it's what you believe, and the heck with everybody.
Jane Hirshfield|Standing DeerAs the house of a personin age sometimes grows clutteredwith what istoo loved or too heavy to part with,the heart may grow cluttered.And still the house will be emptied,and still the heart.As the thoughts of a personin age sometimes grow sparer,like the great cleanness come into a room, the soul may grow sparer;one sparrow song carves it completely.And still the room is full,and still the heart.Empty and filled,like the curling half-light of morning,in which everything is still possible and so why not.Filled and empty,like the curling half-light of evening,in which everything now is finished and so why not.Beloved, what can be, what was,will be taken from us.I have disappointed.I am sorry. I knew no better.A root seeks water.Tenderness only breaks open the earth.This morning, out the window,the deer stood like a blessing, then vanished.
M.A. George|You didn’t just accidentally win my favor,” I dispute, slowly shaking myforehead against his. “You earned it. Now, if I can just save your life twenty or thirty more times…We might actually be able to call it even.
Melina Marchetta, Ferragost|We’re not eight kingdoms, but an entire land with one heartbeat. It’s why people like you and I need to record our people’s stories so we can find those moments when our paths cross, and only then will we know true peace.
Basil Bunting|I've always written poetry and lyrics. My first husband, who was a musician, we wrote a bunch of songs together.
Stacey Kade, The Rules|It is better to believe an obvious lie, than to swallow a deceitful truth.
Stuart Rose|We all want to be special, to stand out; there's nothing wrong with this. The irony is that every human being is special to start with, because we're unique to start with. But we then go through some sort of boot camp from the age of zero to about 18 where we learn everything we can about how not to be unique.
Anthony Liccione|In all you do, try being a WOW, and not a woe.
Ashly Lorenzana|Fame is not so impossible for people with charisma, passion and talent. Being famous just means you have fans, and even one or two is enough to make you someone special. Ask a music fan who the best guitarist of all time is, and while one group insists that it was Jimmi Hendrix, another group swears that it was Eddie Van Halen instead. There will never be a time when everyone on this planet agrees on something like that, but luckily that's not important. All that matters is that both sides remain loyal, which they will assuming you continue to be who you are and do your thing. This is all that you need to be immortalized.
Michael Pena|'War on Everyone,' I think... the script was hilarious to me, but it's very dark, dark humor. It's super dark.
Scarlett Dawn, King Hall|Our eyes met and locked as the song came to a halt, followed by a screaming conclusion from the crowd, girls around us pressing me into the stage, forcing all the air out of my lungs, but I’d forgotten about doing anything so basic as breathing.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|God, listen to the absurdity within us and raise us from the illusion!
Louisa May Alcott, Jo's Boys|Men are always ready to die for us, but not to make our lives worth having. Cheap sentiment and bad logic.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|If you want a world ruled by law and not by force you must build up, from the very grassroots, a respect for law.
Sunday Adelaja|Even if the circumstances around you are like darkness, believe that God will give you light
Haruki Murakami|Whether beautiful or terrible, the past is always a ruin.
Christopher Gadsden|I can't tell you how Aquinas has enriched and changed my life, my thought. He has helped me to be a better evangelical, a better servant of Christ, and to better defend the faith that was delivered, once for all, to the saints.
