Lorri Faye|Many people in life will catch your eye, but few will catch your heart. Make sure you notice the difference.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|It is certainly true that reason is the most important and the highest rank among all things and, in comparison with other things of this life, the best and something divine. It is the inventor and mentor of all the arts, medicines, laws, and of whatever wisdom, power, virtue, and glory men possess in this life.
Ashlecka Aumrivani|Some expectation are inevitable but the problem happens when we are not able to measure the likelihood of reciprocation or fulfillment. We fail as measuring instruments, and so we drag & impose our expectations and ourselves along.
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Dreams|Do you really want me to show you how you're pushing me, Tessnia? What you do to me?
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|So long as there shall exist, by virtue of law and custom, decrees of damnation pronounced by society, artificially creating hells amid the civilization of earth, and adding the element of human fate to divine destiny; so long as the three great problems of the century—the degradation of man through pauperism, the corruption of woman through hunger, the crippling of children through lack of light—are unsolved; so long as social asphyxia is possible in any part of the world;—in other words, and with a still wider significance, so long as ignorance and poverty exist on earth, books of the nature of Les Misérables cannot fail to be of use. HAUTEVILLE HOUSE, 1862. [Translation by Isabel F. Hapgood]
William Stafford|I keep following this sort of hidden river of my life, you know, whatever the topic or impulse which comes, I follow it along trustingly. And I don't have any sense of its coming to a kind of crescendo, or of its petering out either. It is just going steadily along.
Nancy B. Brewer|‎"He smiled at me and I felt the tenderness only a daughter could feel.
Sufjan Stevens|Clearly, some creative thinking is badly needed if humans are to have a future beyond Earth. Returning to the Moon may be worthy and attainable, but it fails to capture the public's imagination. What does get people excited is the prospect of a mission to Mars.
Kim Yannayon|Study history, Alleluia. In this century history stopped paying attention to the old psychological orientation of reality. I mean, these days, character isn't destiny any more. Economics is destiny. Ideology is destiny. Bombs are destiny. What does a famine, a gas chamber, a grenade care how you lived your life? Crisis comes, death comes, and your pathetic individual self doesn't have a thing to do with it, only to suffer the effects. This Gibreel of yours: maybe he's how history happens to you.
Marlen Komar, Ugly People Beautiful Hearts|You know what I love? The spaces between I love you. The tap of your fork against the plate and how my cup of wine clicks against our table. The scratchy voice coming from the radio in the other room. The quiet sound of your hand reaching across the table and whispering over mine. How your voice sounds like your mouth on the back of my neck. The soft murmur of our easy conversation.Between these quiet Tuesday night routines, following every comma and right after every pause for breath, is I, love, and you. In the middle of every I love you is a sink full of dishes, whisper of socked feet tangled in white sheets, and gentle kisses against curved cheeks. We lyric ourselves into the laundry that needs to be finished, into the ends of every smile that follows me repeating your name. We write ourselves into the grocery bags we need to carry, the cracks running up our rented walls, the sides of the bed we choose to drag up the sails of heavy eyed dreams.Like the spaces between our fingers, in the spaces between I, love, and you, we wait.The in-betweens have always been my favorite.
Robert Plutchik|Human emotions have deep evolutionary roots, a fact that may explain their complexity and provide tools for clinical practice.The Nature of Emotions (2001)
Josefina López, Hungry Woman in Paris|There is a stereotype that vegans talk about being vegan all the time. The irony is, once people find out I’m vegan, I quickly become their confessor, counselor, and sounding board.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|The value of an individual is measured based on productivity, creativity, and contribution to the organization today and tomorrow.
Barbara Marx Hubbard|In the deep night of metaphysics, all cats look black.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|I wanted to see the bullet coming, wanted to know the exact moment of my death.
B.R. Ambedkar|Aye. 'Tis a free country."Monq had come to check on Elora just as she asked that question."Well, that kind of has to be qualified," he interjected. "You can't come or go without a passport. You can't drive without a driver's license, registration, auto insurance and proof that your vehicle is up to code. You can't work or even get health care without a social security number. You have to pay taxes on everything including air and water. The closest distance between point A and B may involve paying a road toll. There are over three hundred thousand federal laws. You have to educate your children according to legal standards set by someone that's not you. There are laws about who can marry whom. But other than a few more such trivialities, it's a free country.
Leigh Bardugo, Wonder Woman: Warbringer|Sisters in battle, I am shield and blade to you. As I breathe, your enemies will know no sanctuary. While I live, your cause is mine.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Don’t help anybody’s expectation of you to grow. Don’t even give them a hint that you will fulfill it. Whatsoever suffering you pass through, be ready to pass through it, but don’t allow others to have expectations about you. Otherwise the world will close you in and there will be imprisonment. Once you nod yes to doing something, then you are closed in. You are in the tunnel already, and now with every step, every new act, you will fall into a new misery, new unfulfillment, new lies, new failures. Drop fulfilling others’ expectations, and drop expecting others to fulfill yours. Remember, if you suffer, you suffer because of you; if others suffer, they suffer because of them. Nobody suffers because of others – remember that deeply. Only then will you be able to be really sincere to your inner self; and that sincerity is religiousness.
Émile Zola, Germinal|If it pleases you and you can write at all, it's gonna please somebody else.
Marc Marcel|I am wondering if many of the things that we say about ourselves as women, are actually responsible for leading us down detrimental paths in life. For example, usually we like to say that we're crazy, messy and lost. But when I think about it, I want to be of sound mind, with purpose and unlost (if there is such a word as unlost). Really, who wants to be mentally unstable and eternally insecure? I think maybe we need to stop saying these things about ourselves and we need to start seeing ourselves as what and who we really want to be.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|On your way to accomplish greatness, you will hear a lot of noise. Listen to your inner voice and never let the distraction of the crowd discolour your poise.
Shannon L. Alder|As soon as we start putting our thoughts into words and sentences everything gets distorted, language is just no damn good—I use it because I have to, but I don’t put any trust in it. We never understand each other.
Emma Raveling, Breaker|Every decision that we make based on “free will” is ours to learn from, not for God to punish us
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|Fantasy games are unbecoming to a lady, she says, closing the subject. "And the idea that you would even dream of spending time with some strange boy when you could be reinforcing your relationship with your Magnolia compatriots leaves me breathless. You are going to have to earn the respect of the other girls.
A.J.P. Taylor|Fat bitch," Kessa murmured as the door scraped closed behind Mrs. Stone."She meant well, Francesca. And you see, everyone thinks you're too thin.""Since when is Mrs. Stone an authority on appearance. I've heard you say a thousand times that she looks like an old hooker.""I never said anything of the sort. What I said was that she wears too much makeup and her clothes are indiscreet.""Which means she looks like an old hooker. Well, if that's the way a woman is supposed to look, I'd rather be too skinny." Kessa felt a flash of pleasure at the argument. Just let her mother try to push food into her now.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|I wanted to tell you that the man who is your father, the man who gave you life, has found a woman who is in heaven when she's in his arms.
Corliss Lamont|I fight, and have fought, for political freedom, for justice and for fairness and freedom of speech.
|There is no such thing as a particular race being bad or better than others. Habits and behaviors are based on the mental programing of an individual. So try not rush to crucify anyone's personality when you are yet to get to know the person. No matter what coast that you travel to, you will always find some honest individuals.
Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker|Now to me, Edith looks like something that would eat her young.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Here's my Golden Rule for a tarnished age: Be fair with others, but keep after them until they're fair with you.
Julian Jaynes, The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind|Logic is the science of the justification of conclusions we have reached by natural reasoning. My point is that, for such natural reasoning to occur, consciousness is not necessary. The very reason we need logic at all is because most reasoning is not conscious at all.
Frédéric Chopin|How strange! This bed on which I shall lie has been slept on by more than one dying man, but today it does not repel me! Who knows what corpses have lain on it and for how long? But is a corpse any worse than I? A corpse too knows nothing of its father, mother or sisters or Titus. Nor has a corpse a sweetheart. A corpse, too, is pale, like me. A corpse is cold, just as I am cold and indifferent to everything. A corpse has ceased to live, and I too have had enough of life…. Why do we live on through this wretched life which only devours us and serves to turn us into corpses? The clocks in the Stuttgart belfries strike the midnight hour. Oh how many people have become corpses at this moment! Mothers have been torn from their children, children from their mothers - how many plans have come to nothing, how much sorrow has sprung from these depths, and how much relief!… Virtue and vice have come in the end to the same thing! It seems that to die is man’s finest action - and what might be his worst? To be born, since that is the exact opposite of his best deed. It is therefore right of me to be angry that I was ever born into this world! Why was I not prevented from remaining in a world where I am utterly useless? What good can my existence bring to anyone? … But wait, wait! What’s this? Tears? How long it is since they flowed! How is this, seeing that an arid melancholy has held me for so long in its grip? How good it feels - and sorrowful. Sad but kindly tears! What a strange emotion! Sad but blessed. It is not good for one to be sad, and yet how pleasant it is - a strange state…
Sarah Mayberry, The Last Goodbye|Put me down, I’m too heavy.”“You’re small enough to fit in my pocket.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|All around you, production must be taking place to bring you closer to realizing your defined success. Adopt a personal responsibility attitude to enable the realization of your dreams.
Brian D'Ambrosio|Memories are who we are, Tul. In the end, that’s all the luggage you take with you. Love and memories are what last.
Erin Kellison, Awakened by Fire|Nothing can age a dragon, but you just might be the exception.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible|We ask no sympathy from others in the anxiety and agony of a  broken friendship or shattered love. When death sunders our nearest  ties, alone we sit in the shadow of our affliction. Alike mid the greatest  triumphs and darkest tragedies of life we walk alone. On the divine  heights of human attainments, eulogized and worshiped as a hero or  saint, we stand alone. In ignorance, poverty, and vice, as a pauper or  criminal, alone we starve or steal; alone we suffer the sneers and rebuffs of our fellows; alone we are hunted and hounded through dark courts and alleys, in by-ways and highways; alone we stand in the judgment  seat; alone in the prison cell we lament our crimes and misfortunes; alone we expiate them on the gallows. In hours like these we realize the  awful solitude of individual life, its pains, its penalties, its responsibilities; hours in which the youngest and most helpless are thrown on their own resources for guidance and consolation. Seeing then that life must ever be a march and a battle, that each soldier must be equipped for his own protection, it is the height of cruelty to rob the individual of a single natural right.
D.D. Chant, Broken City|I think I grew up that night. It might have been Patrick that lost his virginity, but it was me that lost my innocence. Laying in the dark,holding the guy I’d loved since I was twelve and being the friend, the rock he needed…without being corny or schmaltzy, I think I became a man.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Claim|He rose up and looked down at her. "If I'd known you were out there, I would've begun searching for you thousands of years ago."	Her smile was soft and glorious. "That was the perfect response."	"It's the truth.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Love’s time’s beggar, but even a single hour,bright as a dropped coin, makes love rich.We find an hour together, spend it not on flowersor wine, but the whole of the summer sky and a grass ditch.For thousands of seconds we kiss; your hairlike treasure on the ground; the Midas lightturning your limbs to gold. Time slows, for herewe are millionaires, backhanding the nightso nothing dark will end our shining hour,no jewel hold a candle to the cuckoo spithung from the blade of grass at your ear,no chandelier or spotlight see you better litthan here. Now. Time hates love, wants love poor,but love spins gold, gold, gold from straw.
Meg Rosoff|When you read a book, the neurons in your brain fire overtime, deciding what the characters are wearing, how they’re standing, and what it feels like the first time they kiss. No one shows you. The words make suggestions. Your brain paints the pictures.
Craig  Stone, Deep In The Bin Of Bob|The days and the light feel like brief moments of torture, put here to remind us of what we don’t have any more. Joy is instantaneous, that, is the wonder of joy. Misery and suffering sneak up on someone like a bastard. They drip into your brain slowly, over time. Until one morning you wake up crying and you have no idea why.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|If you have pain in your ass, it doesn’t mean you have done something wrong, but it’s probably because you’re wearing your little brother’s underwear.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|All that time I'd spent worrying about why I'm here and how I'm supposed to live had kept me from remembering that Jeremy Pratt will never be back. His people will never have him again. He is Jeremy Pratt who died and stayed dead and will never get a second chance. And even though that hand that spent the last five years holding hers was somehow doing it again, it wasn't Jeremy Pratt's anyone
Kylie Scott, Play|Are you okay?" Kelly cried."I shot dinner," Nick said.Kelly snorted. "Look, Hannibal, you can shoot back if they 're shooting at you, but it's still not okay to eat them afterward.
Chuck D. Pierce|When we worship, we ascend, when we ascend we gain revelation from God.
Lawana Blackwell, The Widow of Larkspur Inn|When we lose someone we've allowed to be our whole life, we find that we have very little left to sustain us. Not only have we distanced ourselves from God, but we've lost something of ourselves in the process. When my husband passed away, I discovered that my relationship with God had been a shallow one at best, and that I had no reservoir of inner strength to draw from.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|The Young Man came to the Old Man seeking counsel.I broke something, Old Man.How badly is it broken?It's in a million little pieces.I'm afraid I can't help you.Why?There's nothing you can do.Why?It can't be fixed.Why?It's broken beyond repair. It's in a million little pieces.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|... "The world is afflicted with death and decay, therefore the wise do not grieve, knowing the terms of the world," says an old Buddhist teaching. In other words: Get used to it.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|He excused himself for a nap, and this day blended into his dreams like like years blended into a life, unseen but still felt, the line between memory and present always bleeding.
Lorrie Moore, Self-Help|Back at home, days later, feel cranky and tired. Sit on the couch and tell him he's stupid. That you bet he doesn't know who Coriolanus is. That since you moved in you've noticed he rarely reads. He will give you a hurt, hungry-to-learn look, with his James Cagney eyes. He will try to kiss you. Turn your head. Feel suffocated. (from "How")
Terry Pratchett|He tousled Baby's hair, then looked up at Tiger Lily. "The woods have rules." He put Baby down gingerly in his trough with his bottle. "But the rules are ugly.""It's nature," she said, thoughtfully."I have a lot of disagreements with nature," he said, looking confused, and his downy brow wrinkled over his eyes.
Rae Hachton, Frankie's Monster|The only thing that will ever be real, is this moment,' I turned to the statue, 'when you made me feel alive, when you made me feel real, when I felt like you really love me. Now? I'm just your monster, Frankie. I will always be a monster.
Eraldo Banovac|Kids, no matter how big your problems are – ask your parents for help and advice.
Nabil N. Jamal|Companies don't succeed, people do. Companies don't fail, people do.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Happiness begins with you. Not with your relationship, your friends, or your job. but with you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I watched the rain stream across the window in little rivulets with sunshine coming through. For me, the rain has always been an emotional thing that makes me very happy. However, living with the fact that it will never last forever breaks my heart. The slow falling rain reminds me of the time when I and my father would just watch the rain until it stopped. It has been a warm memory ever since.
J.K. Rowling|His memory's gone", said Ron. "The Memory Charm backfired. Hit him instead of us. Hasn't got a clue who he is, or where he is, or who we are. I told him to come and wait here. He's a danger to himself." Lockhart peered good--naturedly up at them all. "Hello", he said. "Odd sort of place, this, isn't it? Do you live here?
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Those are the men,' added Bolkonsky with a sigh which he could not suppress, as they went out of the palace, 'those are the men who decide the fate of nations.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 1|I gritted my teeth and forced myself to calm down."You're the only person I let talk to me this way. You know what would happen if you were anyone else?
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|Be the change, you seek from society
Adwitiya Borah, The Wrong Vantage Point|His hands wrapped around her upper arms, holding her gently. "You are even more beautiful when you dance.
Leroy Hood|Democracy must be built through open societies that share information. When there is information, there is enlightenment. When there is debate, there are solutions. When there is no sharing of power, no rule of law, no accountability, there is abuse, corruption, subjugation and indignation.
Toni Morrison|In the white newspapers, they use it against us. They make the Panthers look like we all just want to rip the throats out of some white folks for no good reason. We have good reasons, but we still don't want to do that.
Diana Peterfreund, Tap & Gown|Sometimes you met someone that changed the pattern, who wormed their way past the cracks in your heart, caulked them up, sealed themselves in, and stayed there. Sometimes they did it by insisting you meet them at every step, as Jamie had done to me.
Penelope Williamson|My love for you won't stop with my leaving. Come an evening over the years, when you step outside your door and hear the wind blowing through the cottonwoods, that'll be me, thinking of you, whispering your name, and loving you.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|Not all vampires are created equal, you know.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leaders are raised through training and experience. Nobody was born naturally with hand-gloves of leadership. We come to life to search for it, discover it and optimize it.
Latika Teotia|Despite having been the victim of unfaithfulness, despite seeing infidelity, despite having been through failed relationships and despite being hurt, if you can still love, then, you are strong. You are blessed because love will never leave your doorstep.
Neal Shusterman, Bruiser|Close your eyes and you will see your dreams, open them and you will see obstacles.
Antonio Russo, Wrestling with the Devil|The meat market itself was probably a greater influence on Spare than his first school. It offered a spectacle of thousands of animal carcasses, which arrived under the market by a specially built railway before being displayed and disposed of at ground level.
André Gide, Urien’s Voyage|How sad, he thought, that desire found new objects but did not abate, that when it came to longing there was no end.
Jo Marie Payton|I had a very simple, unremarkable and happy life. And I grew up in a very small town. And so my life was made up of, you know, in the morning going to the river to fetch water - no tap water, and no electricity - and, you know, bathing in the river, and then going to school, and playing soccer afterwards.
John Banville|How flat all sounds are at the seaside, flat and yet emphatic, like the sound of gunshots heard at a distance.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your words are powerful containers, carrying blessings or curses depending on what is inside of you. If you harbour bitterness in you, you will speak spitefully and create hurt and hatred in those you speak with. If there is love inside of you, you will release pleasant and caring words that create appreciation, gratitude and warmth in those around you.
Ralph Merkle|The microgravity or the very, very low amount of gravity that we have up in space forces some changes in different processes. It forces changes in us as human beings.
Bob Hope|When she started to play, Steinway came down personally and rubbed his name off the piano. 
Seneca, The Stoic Philosophy of Seneca: Essays and Letters|Just as others pray daily, you should think to yourself daily about what you can do to be closer to this Ideal Image. Think: "What can I do today to make my life better?" "What can I do to become more like my Ideal Image?
George Saunders|You can't "let go". You can't "detach with love". You can't let them "hit bottom". You can't seem to implement the strategies you have learned when you are faced with your adult child's chaos and anxiety. When you try to do this, it makes you physically and emotionally ill, and the anxiety and fear becomes unbearable.
Adam Leith Gollner, The Fruit Hunters: A Story of Nature, Adventure, Commerce, and Obsession|...I was not prepared for the feel of the noodles in my mouth, or the purity of the taste. I had been in Japan for almost a month, but I had never experiences anything like this. The noodles quivered as if they were alive, and leapt into my mouth where they vibrated as if playing inaudible music.
Toni Morrison|They were home. He always felt a bit like a snail, but instead of carrying his home on his back, he carried it in his arms.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|You know I'm old in some ways-in others-well, I'm just a little girl. I like sunshine and pretty things and cheerfulness-and I dread responsibility.
Raven Jayne|I fell in love with him. But I don't just stay with him by default as if there's no one else available. I stay with him because I choose to everyday that I wake up, everyday that we fight or lie to each other or disappoint each other. I choose him over and over again, and he chooses me.
Sheena Hutchinson, Discovering April|Treat me like a joke, watch me leave you like its funny
Min Kim|When someone recommends a book to you, you know two things; that it is a good book and you have a good friend.
Emily Giffin, Love the One You're With|The mind-blowing, ridiculous sex which was the stuff of both poetry and porn - so unlike anything else I had ever experienced before.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|If you do not contribute to the Kingdom, you are not a grateful citizen of the Kingdom.
Alyson Noel, Night Star|That night was a dark day. Of course, all nights are dark days, because night is simply a badly lit version of day, ...
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
Sunday Adelaja|What is the purpose of reason, Richard Parker? Is it no more than to shine at practicalities - the getting of food, clothing and shelter? Why can't reason give greater answers? Why can we throw a question further than we can pull in an answer? Why such a vast net of there's so little fish to catch?
Corrie ten Boom, Clippings from My Notebook|Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire|The low-tone clarinet moans. The door upstairs opens again. Stella slips down the rickety stairs in her robe. Her eyes are glistening with tears and her hair loose about her throat and shoulders. They stare at each other. Then they come together with low, animal moans. He falls to his knees on the steps and presses his face to her belly, curving a little with maternity. Her eyes go blind with tenderness as she catches his head and raises him level with her. He snatches the screen door open and lifts her off her feet and bears her into the dark flat.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|That's the funny thing about trying to escape. You never really can. Maybe temporarily, but not completely.
Robert Benchley|If at first you don't succeed, find out if the loser gets anything.
Bono|Children are God's Apostles, sent forth, day by day, to preach of love, and hope, and peace.
Ernest Hemingway, Ernest Hemingway on Writing|Don't look back until you've written an entire draft, just begin each day from the last sentence you wrote the preceding day. This prevents those cringing feelings, and means that you have a substantial body of work before you get down to the real work which is all in ... the 
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|You always play it open, don’t you?” he asked.“I’ve never noticed you doing otherwise.”“I thought I was the only one who could afford to.
Raji Singh|My great-great grandfather and I were best of friends, although we never met.Fire and shipwreck orphan us – 140 years apart. We escape to imagination to survive our fate. There, midst flights of whimsy we find one another. Companionship quells our loneliness. We create fables and tales, shields against a harsh existence. We must battle animals and humans of prey.Together, he, the future abolitionist-publisher James Thaddeus ‘Blackjack’ Fiction, and I vault from glory-laden adventures to tragedy and then to triumph. I am Raji Singh and this is my story.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|A library is an ever-growing entity; it multiples seemingly unaided, it reproduces itself by purchase, theft, borrowings, gifts, by suggesting gaps through association, by demanding completion of sorts.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|She looks at the swings, and I can see she’s imagining what they’d look like if the kids weren’t there. The guilt of this holds her down momentarily. It appears to be there constantly. Never far away, despite her love for them.I realize that nothing belongs to her anymore and she belongs to everything.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|I...I sang," she whispered, "if that matters," and Karou felt her heart pulled to pieces. This Misbegotten warrior, fiercest of them all, had crouched in an icy stream bed to sing a chimera soul into her canteen, because she hadn't known what else to do.The singing wouldn't have mattered, but she wasn't going to tell Liraz that. If Ziri's soul was in that canteen, Karou would happily learn whatever song Liraz had sung and make it part of her resurrection ritual forever, just so that the angel would never feel that she'd been foolish.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|If there’s anyone we are sure to learn something from, it’s the one who pushes our buttons.
Michelle Sagara West, The Broken Crown|The truth was only another mask, even if it was the best fit, the closest to skin and all that lay beneath
Kristen Ashley, Mystery Man|Women like clothes, they like shoes, they like flowers and they like people to look at them and think,‘God, she’s gorgeous.’ The more people who think that, the better it is. The one day in your life where you get all that rolled up into one is your wedding day. And itcomes with jewelry and presents and endswith a vacation where it’s practically law that you have to wear fabulous underwear and have lots of sex.
B. Truly, Sonar The Crashing|He thought that it was all over, finished, done with. Andrew had never yet had reason to observe the first tiny bubble of fermenting yeast, in which was contained an inevitable, alchemical transformation.
Laure Lacornette|The more we try to stop others from falling, the more we hurt ourselves.
Derric Yuh Ndim|If you decide to do anything and follow throughwith actions with the same intensity as your decision, you willdefinitely end up with an excellent result.
Henry David Thoreau|That the sea is one of the most beautiful and magnificent sights in Nature, all admit.
Barry Commoner|What we mean by an outcome will naturally depend on the context. Thus, for a government charged with delivering public goods, an outcome will consist of the quantities provided of such goods as intercity highways, national defense and security, environmental protection, and public education together with the arrangements by which they are financed.
Danny Scheinmann, Random Acts Of Heroic Love|What if we changed the story that has been peddled to us over thousands of years by those religions that want to control us, that this life is merely a stepping stone to something better or something worse, and that we can only achieve the better by passing through the doors of their institutions and following their rules? What if we trash this arcane story which has caused so much suffering and hostility, and accept that we have already arrived in heaven and that there is nothing more gorgeous than here and now?
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|She was only half Bird now, and the other half song. She liked it that way.
Yasmin Mogahed|Speak your heart. If they don’t understand, the message was never meant for them anyway.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|As you navigate the various zones with people, a variety of specific physical and psychological responses is elicited from them. Until you know someone, avoid invading his or her personal space. Getting closer gradually demonstrates that you like the other person. This gradual and comfortable approach begins the circle of rapport—he sees that you like him, he likes that you like him, and he reciprocates by liking you back.
Peter Heather, The Fall of the Roman Empire: A New History of Rome and the Barbarians|Conservative should tend to resist the argument that our particular crisis is a more-than-normal one, that our particular moment is a more-than-Madisonian one. Conservatism is a healthy political persuasion because it is inclined to shun alarmism.
Margaret George, The Autobiography of Henry VIII: With Notes by His Fool, Will Somers|When you feel bored, pump your adrenaline!
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Truth|Bond had taken her to the station and had kissed her once hard on the lips and had gone away. It hadn't been love, but a quotation had come into Bond's mind as his cab moved out of Pennsylvania station: 'Some love is fire, some love is rust. But the finest, cleanest love is lust.
C. JoyBell C.|You could also ask who’s in charge. Lots of people think, well, we’re humans; we’re the most intelligent and accomplished species; we’re in charge. Bacteria may have a different outlook: more bacteria live and work in one linear centimeter of your lower colon than all the humans who have ever lived. That’s what’s going on in your digestive tract right now. Are we in charge, or are we simply hosts for bacteria? It all depends on your outlook.
Suzette R. Hinton|With no matter what human being, taken individually, I always find reasons for concluding that sorrow and misfortune do not suit him; either because he seems too mediocre for anything so great, or, on the contrary, too precious to be destroyed.
Leila Samarrai|A good author is he who isn’t afraid to speak his mind; he who dictates the art of the verse. A scribbler who merely keeps quiet and enjoys being lauded is nothing but a reader with nothing of importance to do. He whose written word trickles from his wounds into the world and onto paper is not afraid to both praise and criticize, this is what he strives towards.
Martin Luther King Jr., Where Do We Go from Here:  Chaos or Community?|Sometimes painfully lost people can teach us lessons that we didn't think we needed to know, or be reminded of---the more history changes, the more it stays the same.
Craig G. Bartholomew, The True Story of the Whole World: Finding Your Place in the Biblical Drama|Today we have different idols. . . We have trusted in human reason, science, and technology to solve our problems and progress toward a better world and a prosperous life. Yet idolatry brings death.
Rebekkah Ford, Beyond the Eyes|He doesn't have a soul?" she shrieked, horrified."That explains why he's such a dick," Tree muttered.
H.P. Lovecraft|When you are young your body cannot handle alcohol, and when you get old your mind cannot handle it. Either way, alcohol has its way.
Alison Croggon, The Riddle|Few things in the world are more powerful than a positive push - a smile. A word of optimism and hope, a 'you can do it!' when things are tough
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Listen, gods die when they are forgotten. People too. But the land's still here. The good places, and the bad. The land isn't going anywhere. And neither am I.
Charity Parkerson|Art is a conversation we are all invited to and are all worthy to participate in. Yes, great works can be intimidating, but no one else in the world has what you have—your voice, your eyes, your feeling and perspective. Other people have written great books, but no one else will ever write YOUR book. It's worth writing. That is the belief that carries me through.
Aleister Crowley|Beauty is itself so unattainable that it escapes altogether; and the true artist, like the true Mystic, can never rest
Kazuo Ishiguro, An Artist of the Floating World|God will bring into judgment  both the righteous and the wicked, for there will be a time for every activity,  a time to judge every deed.~Ecclesiastes 3:17
Jennifer Love Hewitt|All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
Tara Leigh Cobble, Orange Jumpsuit: Letters to the God of Freedom|The distance between your knowledge of truth and your obedience is called lack of integrity. And the amount of negative behavior--or lack of integrity--a person exhibits is directly proportional to their amount of pain." - Tara Leigh's therapist (p.118)
Dorothy L. Sayers|There is no original truth, only original error.
Nyki Mack|Dreaming By Day, Wishing On Stars At Night...
CrimethInc.|The party at the bar was for an Internet literary journal that prints a hard copy version that was famous in the world of Internet literary journals that prints hard copy versions. What that means, I do not know.
Jennifer Echols, Love Story|You’ve gone far away to a place with no horses and very little grass, and you’re studying how to write a story with a happy ending. If you can write that ending for yourself, maybe you can come back.
Joyce Carol Oates, Faithless|Adriana loved even the rank animal smell of the man's body, her sweat-slicked breasts and belly flattened beneath him, and her arms and legs clutching him as a drowning woman might clutch another person to save her life. Don't don't don't don't leave me. DON'T LEAVE ME. As in animal copulation the frenzy is to be locked together not out of sentiment or choice but physical compulsion. As if bolts of electric current ran through both their bodies and would only release them from each other when it ceased.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You think that if you blame, you will then be free of those problems, but blame cements you to your problems.
Swami Vivekananda|The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you free.
Catherine Cookson, The Girl|Oh God, I'm sorry I bring trouble on people. I don't mean to, you know that, you know that. And don't punish me by taking Ned. Keep him safe that's all I ask. That's all I'll ever ask again, just keep him safe.
Juan Rulfo, Pedro Páramo|Dreaming was easier than screaming, and screaming was easier than worrying, and worrying was easier than crying, which was what she knew she would be reduced to if she didn’t keep a hard eye on herself.
Sunday Adelaja|Personal Responsibility is when an individual volunteers to be in charge of duties, tasks and is ready to see to its fulfilment
Maurice Maeterlinck|Look upon men and things with the inner eye, with its form and desire, never forgetting that the shadow they throw as they pass by, upon hillock or wall, is but the fleeting image of a mightier shadow, which, like the wing of an imperishable swan, floats over every soul that draws near to their soul. Do not believe that thoughts such as these can be mere ornaments, and without influence upon the lives of those who admit them. It is far more important that one’s life should be perceived than that it should be transformed; for no sooner has it been perceived, than it transforms itself of its own accord.
Walt Whitman|We need teachers. We need to be teachers. Knowing when for each, is wisdom
Zaha Hadid|So if I want to buy a light in a shop and I don't find a light that I like, I think to myself what would I like? What would I like to buy? Then I started to imagine and design it for myself a lot of the time.
Tim Madigan, I'm Proud of You: My Friendship with Fred Rogers|But the Esquire passage I found most poignant and revealing was this one: Mister Rogers' visit to a teenage boy severely afflicted with cerebral palsy and terrible anger. One of the boys' few consolations in life, Junod wrote, was watching Mister Rogers Neighborhood. 'At first, the boy was made very nervous by the thought that Mister Rogers was visiting him. He was so nervous, in fact, that when Mister Rogers did visit, he got mad at himself and began hating himself and hitting himself, and his mother had to take him to another room and talk to him. Mister Rogers didn't leave, though. He wanted something from the boy, and Mister Rogers never leaves when he wants something from somebody. He just waited patiently, and when the boy came back, Mister Rogers talked to him, and then he made his request. He said, 'I would like you to do something for me. Would you do something for me?' On his computer, the boy answered yes, of course, he would do anything for Mister Rogers, so then Mister Rogers said: I would like you to pray for me. Will you pray for me?' And now the boy didn't know how to respond. He was thunderstruck... because nobody had ever asked him for something like that, ever. The boy had always been prayed for. The boy had always been the object of prayer, and now he was being asked to pray for Mister Rogers, and although at first he didn't know how to do it, he said he would, he said he'd try, and ever since then he keeps Mister Rogers in his prayers and doesn't talk about wanting to die anymore, because he figures if Mister Rogers likes him, that must mean that God likes him, too.As for Mister Rogers himself... he doesn't look at the story the same way the boy did or I did. In fact, when Mister Rogers first told me the story, I complimented him on being smart - for knowing that asking the boy for his prayers would make the boy feel better about himself - and Mister Rogers responded by looking at me first with puzzlement and then with surprise. 'Oh heavens no, Tom! I didn't ask him for his prayers for him; I asked for me. I asked him because I think that anyone who has gone through challenges like that must be very close to God. I asked him because I wanted his intercession.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our ability to detect and measure the passage of time is burdensome. The conception and sensation of time bears down upon all of us. It weighs us down; it compresses our souls. There is a variety of ways to escape the dull passage of time or the fearfulness of our accelerating march towards death. We must choose our mechanisms for dealing with the inexorability of time and our finiteness. We can fill our void with work or pleasure, laughter or pain, and fretfulness or courage. We can seek a sense of purposefulness or acknowledge the meaninglessness of life. We can seek to escape the drudgery and pain of life through alcohol, drugs, or pleasure seeking, or by working to support our families and create artistic testaments to our worldly existence.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|Get some sleep, Secretary General, get some sleep. Revolution can wait till the morning.
Saint Teresa of Avila|The tragedy of life and of the world is not that men do not know God; the tragedy is that, knowing Him, they still insist on going their own way.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|I am a dreamer. I know so little of real life that I just can’t help re-living such moments as these in my dreams, for such moments are something I have very rarely experienced. I am going to dream about you the whole night, the whole week, the whole year.
Mark Rosewater, Magic: The Gathering -- Official Encyclopedia, Volume 2: The Complete Card Guide|So yes, black mages often can be evil. But black as a color is not inherently evil. Being influenced by black’s philosophies does not necessarily mean that one will commit an evil act. That being the case, we cannot say that black represents evil. More closely aligned with evil than the other colors? Fine. More ripe with potential for evil? Sure. Evil? No. And that's a very important distinction
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|My spirit is willing to do what is right; and my flesh, I hope, is strong enough to accomplish the will of Heaven
James Russell Lowell|Depression can seem worse than terminal cancer, because most cancer patients feel loved and they have hope and self-esteem.
J.T. Cheyanne, Grand Slam|You know, I can’t wait for her to gets married because hell is made of fire and she said it would be frozen before she gots married again.” ~ Anna Kate
V.E. Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|Are you ready ?" she asked, spinning the chamber.Kell gazed through the gate at the waiting castle. "No."At that, she offered him the sharpest edge of a grin. "Good," she said. "The ones who think they're ready always end up dead.
Frida Kahlo|What does ‘United States of America’ mean? That we’re some states, we’re united somehow, and that we’re in America. America could be anywhere on the continents of North or South America, so that’s not specific enough, and the part about the states doesn’t narrow it down, either. Mexico has united states, too. So does Canada, except they call them provinces. It’s not even a name. It’s just a vague description. It’s so generic, like naming a country ‘Country.
Angela Carter, Burning Your Boats: The Collected Short Stories|Paranoia, he said, was fundamentally egocentric, and every conspiracy theory served in some way to aggrandize the believer.But he was also fond of saying, at other times, that even paranoid schizophrenics have enemies.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|I was wary of my sister's cooking, which invariably consisted of a tubular pasta and economy cheese, charred black on the surface, with either tinned tuna or lardy mince lurking beneath the molten crust ... So that evening, in a tiny flat in Tooting, I was pushed into the tiny kitchen where sixteen people sat crammed around a tiny trestle table designed for pasting wallpaper, one of my sister's notorious pasta bakes smouldering in its centre like a meteorite, smelling of toasted cat food.
Matthew Fontaine Maury, The Physical Geography of the Sea, and Its Meteorology|there are NO rules, merely suggestions
C.C.  Brown|Just a friendly warning: the forces of spiritual darness are nothing to trifle with. Vampires do exist, no matter what the so-called scientific minds might say, and they ARE dangerous!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When one verse in life ends in ignominy, we can use the glimmering marvel of nature’s splendor and frayed edges culled from the black linen of past failures to write uncanny poems that give voice to the fissures in our hollow, reflective poetry that echoes our supple inner world of cherished dreams colliding with the serrated edges of savage realism.
Anton Strout, Dead To Me|Of all the ways I had imagined my death, getting beaten by my zombified mentor while trapped by a cannibalistic window handle wasn’t one of them
Hannah Hurnard|A man should smell of sweat, not flowers.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|In Egypt, like everywhere, the land is made to fit the sky; but here it is more so. Here it is possible to say, “This is land," and point, and “This is sky," and point, but the eyes can’t discover the dividing line.
Marty Rubin|When you love someone, really love them, you don't put chains on them. You want them to be free.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|First Cosmic Seal:(Devic Seal 333) One who has received this Cosmic Seal is empowered to control not less than 40,000 spirits.
John Blaine, The Phantom Shark|She leans over Roop the way Sardarji leaned over Satya the years she cried for children, brushing tears from Roop's heavy lashes with her lips. She strokes her head as a mother would, says. "Slpee little one, we are together now."And Roop sleeps, overcome by the afternoon heat.While Satya watches her.So trusting, so very stupid.
Nayomi Munaweera, What Lies Between Us|In Sri Lanka, when two strangers meet, they ask a series of questions that reveal family, ancestral village, and blood ties until they arrive at a common friend or relative. Then they say, "Those are our people, so you are our people." It's a small place. Everyone knows everyone."But in America, there are no such namings; it is possible to slip and slide here. It is possible to get lost in the nameless multitudes. There are no ropes binding one, holding one to the earth. Unbound by place or name, one is aware that it is possible to drift out into the atmosphere and beyond that, into the solitary darkness where there is no oxygen.
Brian Wilson|All personality traits have their good side and their bad side. But for a long time, we've seen introversion only through its negative side and extroversion mostly through its positive side.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|I glanced in the first open door and stopped short. Desks. Four tiny desks. A wall of faded posters of alphabet animals. A blackboard, still showing the ghost of numbers. I blinked, certain I was seeing wrong.Derek nudged my legs, telling me to get moving. I looked at him, and I looked at the classroom.This was where Derek had grown up. Four tiny desks. Four little boys. Four young werewolves.For a second, I could see them—three boys working at the three clustered desks, Derek alone at the fourth, pushed slightly away, hunched over his work, trying to ignore the others.Derek nudged me again, whining softly, and I looked down to see him eyeing the room, every hair on his neck on end, anxious to get away from this place.
S.N. Lemoing, Powerful - Tome 1 : The Realm of Harcilor|I beg your pardon. Sometimes, it's true I can be stubborn.'	'Sometimes?' she added derisively.	'Quite often,' he tempered.
Peter Frederick Strawson, Freedom and Resentment and Other Essays|Gratitude is the appreciation of things that are not deserved, earned or demanded - those wonderful things that we take for granted.
Paul Muldoon|I was inspired by many teachers when I started my channel, Bob Ross being one of them. His voice was so soothing, almost like hypnosis. He was that great of a teacher, even the casual viewer could learn how to paint from watching his show. Growing up, I just remember him being so mesmerizing on screen.
Miriam Toews|Imagine a psychiatrist sitting down with a broken human being saying, I am here for you, I am committed to your care, I want to make you feel better, I want to return your joy to you, I don't know how I will do it but I will find out and then I will apply one hundred percent of my abilities, my training, my compassion and my curiosity to your health -- to your well-being, to your joy. I am here for you and I will work very hard to help you. I promise. If I fail it will me my failure, not yours. I am the professional. I am the expert. You are experiencing great pain right now and it is my job and my mission to cure you from your pain. I am absolutely committed to your care... I know you are suffering. I know you are afraid, I love you. I want to cure you and I won't stop trying to help you. You are my patient. I am your doctor. You are my patient. Imagine a doctor phoning you at all hours of the day and night to tell you that he or she had been reading some new stuff on the subject of whatever and was really excited about how it might help you. Imagine a doctor calling you in an important meeting and saying listen, I'm so sorry to bother you but I"ve been thinking really hard about your problems and I'd like to try something completely new. I need to see you immediately! I"m absolutely committed to your care! I think this might help you. I won't give up on you.
Sarah Spann, Wildflowers Come Back|You got up off the bathroom floor. That’s a start. Now, just stay off the floor. After all—aside from winning the lottery—all any of us can ever really hope for is more days spent standing tall than spent in pieces on the floor.
Albert Brooks|Opening Ceremony is my number one favorite place to shop here. It's the only place I'll shop in New York with my son. All of the sales people are so cool; the music is great; it's just like a big fun house, so he stays entertained.
David Leavitt|When one writer tries to silence another, he silences every writer-and in the end he also silences himself.
Cheryl Mendelson, Home Comforts: The Art and Science of Keeping House|Home is the one place in the world where you are safe from feeling put down or out, unentitled, or unwanted.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|Things hurt, and don't hurt, and hurt again.
Ludwig van Beethoven|As a country with experience of coping with earthquakes, tsunamis and other natural disasters, Japan believes in emphasizing the mainstreaming of disaster risk reduction. We therefore prioritize investment in disaster prevention and post-disaster improvements under a policy of Build Back Better (BBB).
Harrish Sairaman|Never focus on achieving your goals, focus on achieving the behaviors and beliefs that will help you achieve your goals
Stephie Davis, Putting Boys on the Ledge|..he read whatever came his way, as if it had been ordained by fate,..
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|I'm sorry, Cullen. I really am. I know this sucks. But you're better off anyway. And you'll be fine. You needed me. Now someone else needs me.
Dacha Avelin, Embracing Your Inner Witch: The Maidens Guide to Old World Witchcraft|When a witch embodies self-love, her energy becomes magnetic and her sense of possibility becomes contagious.
Katherine J. Walden, Dare to Call Him Friend|Christmas has a deeper significance to followers of Jesus. It’s not all about the gifts underneath Christmas trees or the elaborate meals served in extravagantly decorated homes. Christmas is the season of Immanuel. We celebrate the good news that He is near, that He cares for us, and that He transforms lives. His presence was the greatest present God gave mankind. May we be present carriers of that presence!
Jovee Winters|MELODYLong chorus,pierce the night.Noon for crickets.
Tracy Chevalier, At the Edge of the Orchard|A strong wind was blowing and it felt really very cold and seemed so unfamiliar and bizarre. But the trees remembered me. They bowed gently in the breeze…and called me nearer, welcoming me.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|It was my kingdom. And when enemies attack your kingdom, you don’t flee. You show them why it’s your kingdom.
William Dalrymple, City of Djinns: A Year in Delhi|His diaries had begun to assume something of the knowingness of incipient middle age; at times, indeed, he was in danger of becoming priggish and opinionated. As with many later European voyagers, travel in this part of the world, far from broadening the mind, seemed instead to lead to a blanket distrust of anyone of a different creed, colour or class.
Lailah Gifty Akita| All Ways listen to strangers; They may tell you when a spider is on your shoulder." donnie harold harris
Muriel Spark|I have to teach myself. I kind of wish I'd continued with my education, but that's something I can do in the future.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|I do not doubt your intellectual or spiritual equality with me, mate. When I saw you belong to me, it is only because I belong so utterly to you, as well.
Iain Sinclair, White Chappell, Scarlet Tracings|I mean that certain fictions, chiefly Conan Doyle, Stevenson, but many others also, laid out a template that was more powerful than any local documentary account - the presences that they created, or "figures" if you prefer it, like Rabbi Loew's Golem, became too much and too fast to be contained within the conventional limits of that fiction. They got out into the stream of time, the ether; they escaped into the labyrinth. They achieved an independent existence. The writers were mediums; they articulated, they gave a shape to some pattern of energy that was already present. They got in on the curve of time, so that by writing, by holding off the inhibiting reflex of the rational mind, they were able to propose a text that was prophetic.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Thinking, he walked ever more slowly and asked himself, What is it now that you were hoping to learn from doctrines and teachers, and what is it that they—who taught you so much—were unable to teach you? And, he decided, It was the Self whose meaning and nature I wished to learn. It was the Self I wished to escape from, wished to overcome. But I was unable to overcome it, I could only trick it, could only run away from it and hide. Truly, not a single thing in all the world has so occupied my thoughts as this Self of mine, this riddle: that I am alive and that I am One, am different and separate from all others, that I am Siddhartha! And there is not a thing in the world about which I know less than about myself, about Siddhartha!
Andrea Kayne Kaufman, Oxford Messed Up|The talked about their messed-up, dysfunctional families, carefully respecting boundaries, never probing too deep in any one sitting. And they always ended up laughing. Even when the subject matter was intense or macabre, Henry’s sick and twisted and often politically incorrect sense of humor was infectious…Gloria laughed more in these first weeks at Oxford then she remembered laughing almost anywhere.
Joyce Meyer|If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
Ted Hughes, Birthday Letters|I fancied you'd return the way you said,But I grow old and I forget your name. --From the poem "Mad Girl's Love Song
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|But the great artists like Michelangelo and Blake and Tolstoi--like Christ whom Blake called an artist because he had one of the most creative imaginations that ever was on earth--do not want security, egoistic or materialistic. Why, it never occurs to them. "Be not anxious for the morrow," and "which of you being anxious can add one cubit to his stature?"So they dare to be idle, i.e. not to be pressed and duty-driven all the time. They dare to love people even when they are very bad, and they dare not to try and dominate others to show them what they must do for their own good. 
Rosalie Lario, Heart of an Angel|As Abby finally turned and fled the frigid temperatures of the roof, she realized she still didn’t know if the Fallen were good or evil. Whether they intended to kill the humans or not.All she knew was that, at the tender age of thirteen, Abby Rhodes had just fallen head over heels in love.
John Paul Jones|Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education.
Akiroq Brost|Crushes thrive in small spaces. Humans must be programmed to respond positively when faced with a small sampling of other humans in, say, caves. You're stuck in a cave with three other people - all mankind, presumably, was hidden away in such tiny groups during the winters until the thaw - and so, in order for the species to thrive, you must be biologically compelled to fuck at least one person in your cave, despite the fact that, when surrounded by a plenitude of Neanderthals at the Neanderthal summer barbecue, none of them struck your fancy. Without the element of choice, and in conjunction with captivity, you find love, or at least you find lust.
Tamala Jones|I have many times thought I did the wrong thing, but the reason was not to be a medical doctor - it was just to have the information. But then, maybe I was wrong, I don't know.
Deepak Chopra|Fine Structure Constant: Fundamental numerical constant of atomic physics and quantum electrodynamics, defined as the square of the charge of the electron divided by the product of Planck's constant and the speed of light.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Breeches|The rapid pulse in her wrist vibrated against his lips. His own rhythm matching the jumps in her heartbeat. He closed his eyes, breathed in her sweet scent one last time, and looked down into her eyes. She stared back at him, boldly assessing. God help him. He could not seduce her. He could not live with himself if he did. Expecting her to remove her hand, he closed his eyes again and sighed softly, willing his body to relax. Her hand slowly left his face. This is for the best. His heart and body ached at the loss and the unfulfillment of his desires. The next instant, her gentle hand stroked his chin and bottom lip and his whole body jerked. He kept his eyes closed, afraid to break the spell. Warm fingers slid down his neck. Shivers coursed up and down his spine. Sweet was the torment and fragile was his control as he felt it slip away.
Marjorie Celona, Y|After all, inside every woman, no matter how grown up she is, there is still a frightened little girl.
Andrew Weil|If you knew you could change your lifestyle and diet and avoid heart disease and other things, you should do it.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|Her book has perhaps been a good one; it has refreshed, refilled, rewarmed her heart; it has set her brain astir, furnished her mind with pictures.
Eric Hobsbawm|But a progressive policy needs more than just a bigger break with the economic and moral assumptions of the past 30 years. It needs a return to the conviction that economic growth and the affluence it brings is a means and not an end. The end is what it does to the lives, life-chances and hopes of people. Look at London. Of course it matters to all of us that London's economy flourishes. But the test of the enormous wealth generated in patches of the capital is not that it contributed 20%-30% to Britain's GDP but how it affects the lives of the millions who live and work there. What kind of lives are available to them? Can they afford to live there? If they can't, it is not compensation that London is also a paradise for the ultra-rich. Can they get decently paid jobs or jobs at all? If they can't, don't brag about all those Michelin-starred restaurants and their self-dramatising chefs. Or schooling for children? Inadequate schools are not offset by the fact that London universities could field a football team of Nobel prize winners.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Goals are set in life to enable concentrated and directed effort to be employed toward a desired end. Without goals, it will be easy to derail, and it will also be hard to track progress.
Matshona Dhliwayo|At a higher level of consciousness, everything that happens – or does not happen in our life – has a reason behind it
Latika Teotia|Are you comprehending what God is trying to teach through those tests and trials which you are being made to undergo time and again???  If you are being put in a situation again and again, you must realize that He is trying to teach you something. It is high time that you became wise enough to understand, learn and deal with it once and for all instead of pushing them under the carpet.We are destined to learn a few lessons from which we can’t just escape.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|It was all balance. But then, she already knew that from surfing.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|If a mathematician wishes to disparage the work of one of his colleagues, say, A, the most effective method he finds for doing this is to ask where the results can be applied. The hard pressed man, with his back against the wall, finally unearths the researches of another mathematician B as the locus of the application of his own results. If next B is plagued with a similar question, he will refer to another mathematician C. After a few steps of this kind we find ourselves referred back to the researches of A, and in this way the chain closes.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Montrose decided then and there that a full library, one made of old-fashioned paper books with bindings, the kind that cannot be electronically re-edited by anonymous lines of hidden code, was just as much a necessity for a free man as a shooting iron or a printing press.
Philip K. Dick, The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch|Why do you tell me this?" he asked. "How can you know who I'm speaking to?
Spider Robinson, Time Travellers Strictly Cash|When she sat down on the tile next to him, unafraid, his kaleidoscope senses drank in the years that had been printed onto her mind before she was old enough to remember, and he told her a story, projecting into her darkness sensations of light and color and shape, butterflies swirling like silk-spun gold out through a window that opened to a big green field in the days before the bomb.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Krystal flung herself violently off the chair, away from her mother. She was surprised to feel warm liquid flowing down her cheeks, and thought confusedly of blood, but it was tears, only tears, clear and shining on her fingertips when she wiped them away.
Walt Whitman|Songs of myselfClear and sweet is my soul, and clear and sweet is all that is not my soul. Lack one lacks both, and the unseen is proved by the seen, Till that becomes unseen and receives proof in its turn.
Ng Yi-Sheng, LONTAR #5|One day, I decided to be an island. I took off my clothes and walked into the sea, then floated there, bobbing along with the tide, suspended by my inflatable tube and water wings.
Willie Geist|I can't say for sure where I was headed the first time my mom put a blue blazer on me. Church, probably. West Side Presbyterian in Ridgewood, New Jersey, specifically, where my blazer was paired with a clip-on tie and a pair of khakis for a Sunday morning with my fellow congregants.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|And I was incapable of living all by myself in those lodgings where I didn't know a soul. It terrified me to sit by myself quietly in my room. I felt frightened, as if I might be set upon or struck by someone at any moment.
Ilona Andrews|Is this the baby?" I said.Ma turned on me again."What do you think it is?" she said. "A midget that can't talk?
Richard Belzer|Do you know what happens when you play a country song backwards? You get your wife back, your dog back and your job back.
John Lanchester, The Debt to Pleasure|Hawksmoor had often noticed how, in the moments when he first carne upon a corpse, all the objects around it wavered for an instant and became unreal- the trees which rose above a body hidden in woodland, the movement of the river which had washed a body onto its banks, the cars or hedges in a suburban street where a murderer had left a victim, all of these things seemed at such times to be suddenly drained of meaning like an hallucination.
Pamela Burford, Uprooting Ernie|Dean was about to dismiss me with a quick nod, but my name caught his attention. “Hey, you’re that Death Diva girl, right?”“’Fraid so.”“Huh.” He studied me a moment as he extracted a lighter and pack of cigarettes from his shirt pocket. I studied him back. Dean’s head bore the aftermath of what had to be the world’s worst hair transplant. Reddish brown crop rows marched back from a severe, slightly lopsided hairline. The whole mess had been meticulously blow-dried and sprayed in a swept-back style more appropriate to the 1980s.He tapped out a cigarette. “You make money doing that?”“Why, yes I do,” I said. “That’s kind of the point of it.” That’s the number-one question I get asked.“What’s the weirdest thing you’ve done, eh?” The number-two question, right on schedule.
Gurcharan Das, The Difficulty of Being Good : On the Subtle Art of Dharma|The essence of the spiritual process needs to be understood as a means to generate the necessary intensity to break the bubble, so that you are out of your individual nature. It is not about being good, it is not about being ethical, it is not about being moral. These things may all happen as a result, as a consequence. Once you have broken the bubble and known the freedom of experiencing everything as yourself, as a consequence you may function as a good person in society. But you have no particular intention of being good!
Bernie Sanders|Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
Cathy Guisewite|With Portlandia, I don't think our intention is always to find something funny. Sometimes the humor comes from taking something really seriously. We're okay with making somebody feel uncomfortable or uneasy.
Zsa Zsa Gabor|Having been engaged rather a lot of times, Zsa Zsa Gabor was asked whether a lady should give back the ring. Her answer?"Of course dahlink, but first, you take out all the diamonds.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn|I’d watched the election of Barack Obama with them, in Harlem: the celebration had spilled out onto the streets and erupted into dancing, outdoor champagne-drinking, euphoria. This [the 1/21/17 Women's March on Washington, DC] was different. It was like laughter at a funeral—what else can you do but hold on to who you are and who you love? What can you do but try to stay sane and fight like hell for what life is all about?
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|One desire, my friends, one: to kill yourself. You must desire this. You must feel that a voyage of discovery is more important than all the little trips which the normal consumer self wants to buy.
Brandi L. Bates, Soledad|I would tell my 14 year old self to never ever, ever put all of your money in one bank account. And love the ones who love you back. You're going to want to quit...DON'T! Oh, and get everything in writing.
Britt Merrick|God is in the business of shattering our dreams...God wants to shatter every dream we have that is not of Him. God wants us to have the very best, and the very best happens to be Himself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Every man is a divinity in disguise, a god playing the fool.
Chimnese Davids, My Unrequited Love Letters|Learning to have patience and not forcing the relationship is part of the twin soul process. If you are trying to force your will onto the other person, chances are you’re not ready to really connect yourself. There should be no blame here - only deep and unconditional love. 
Cat Clarke, Undone|Love should never be a secret and it should never, ever be forgotten.
Bianca Frazier|People wonder why I always dress professionally. I want to be admired for my intelligence, instead of my body.
ShortSkirtsAndExplosions|But most of the time, with a contented resignation that comes normally to a man only at the end of a long and busy life, he sat before the keyboard and filled the air with his beloved Bach. Perhaps he was deceiving himself, perhaps this was some merciful trick of the mind but now it seemed to Jan that this what he had always wished to do. His secret ambition had at last dared to emerge into the full light of consciousness. Jan had always been a good pianist, and now he was the finest in the world.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|Your husband this morning! Mine tonight! What do you take him for?''A man' smiled Cynthia. 'And therefore, if you won't let me call him changeable, I'll coin a word and call him consolable.
Ernst Haeckel, The History of Creation V2: Or the Development of the Earth and Its Inhabitants by the Action of Natural Causes|Even today a good many distinguished minds seem unable to accept or even to understand that from a source of noise natural selection alone and unaided could have drawn all the music of the biosphere. In effect natural selection operates upon the products of chance and can feed nowhere else; but it operates in a domain of very demanding conditions, and from this domain chance is barred. It is not to chance but to these conditions that evolution owes its generally progressive course, its successive conquests, and the impression it gives of a smooth and steady unfolding.
Matt Haig, The Humans|And yet, I was scared of falling asleep, because the moment I fell asleep my wounds would heal and right then I didn’t want that to happen. Right then, I found a strange but real comfort in the pain.
Julia Glass, Three Junes|Time plays like an accordion in the way it can stretch out and compress itself in a thousand melodic ways. Months on end may pass blindingly in a quick series of chords, open-shut, together-apart; and then a single melancholy week may seem like a year's pining, one long unfolding note.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|True love is like little roses, sweet, fragrant in small doses.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t focus on miracles, believe and be strong in eternal virtues like miracle.
Kenneth L. Pike|It is a governing principle of nature, that the agency which can produce most good, when perverted from its proper aim, is most productive of evil.
Simon Mainwaring|In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
Stephanie Hemphill|Give me the strength to leaf, for I fear otherwise we may hang ourselves.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A life taught in the Scriptures, and tuned in to God in prayer, produces an outflowing of grace and power.
Andrew Barrett, The Third Rule - The Complete Story|If you want to kill serious crime, you have to kill serious criminals!
Albert Camus|In the beginning, I loved being famous, but now I am tired of it and I would like to go back to my freedom.
Christopher Moore, Bloodsucking Fiends|A woman’s magazine quiz:Question: You decide to do the dread deed and just as things are starting to get hot he comes, rolls over, and asks, “Was it good for you?”You:a. Say, “God, yes! That was the best seventeen seconds of my life”b. Say, “Sure, as good as it gets for me with a man.”c. Put a Certs in your navel and say, “That’s for you, Mr. Bunnyman. You can have it on your way back up, after the job is finished
Tecumseh|In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|A bachelor always feels himself defrauded, when he knows or suspects that any woman of his acquaintance has given herself away.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|Am I in love? – yes, since I am waiting. The other one never waits. Sometimes I want to play the part of the one who doesn't wait; I try to busy myself elsewhere, to arrive late; but I always lose at this game. Whatever I do, I find myself there, with nothing to do, punctual, even ahead of time. The lover's fatal identity is precisely this: I am the one who waits.
Ehab Atalla|If you don’t plan to have someone work for you, you will work for someone else. There is no in-between.
Elton Trueblood, The New Man for Our Time|The two seem, at first glance, to be opposed, but when you have advanced a little in both, you find that concentration learned in Yoga is of immense use in attaining the mental powers necessary in Magick; on the other hand, the discipline of Magick is of the greatest service in Yoga.
Alin Sav|Every time when somebody opens his heart to God, the big bang theory works.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|In the specially Christian case we have to react against the heavy bias of fatigue. It is almost impossible to make the facts vivid, because the facts are familiar; and for fallen men it is often true that familiarity is fatigue. I am convinced that if we could tell the supernatural story of Christ word for word as of a Chinese hero, call him the Son of Heaven instead of the Son of God, and trace his rayed nimbus in the gold thread of Chinese embroideries or the gold lacquer of Chinese pottery, instead of in the gold leaf of our own old Catholic paintings, there would be a unanimous testimony to the spiritual purity of the story. We should hear nothing then of the injustice of substitution or the illogicality of atonement, of the superstitious exaggeration of the burden of sin or the impossible insolence of an invasion of the laws of nature. We should admire the chivalry of the Chinese conception of a god who fell from the sky to fight the dragons and save the wicked from being devoured by their own fault and folly. We should admire the subtlety of the Chinese view of life, which perceives that all human imperfection is in very truth a crying imperfection. We should admire the Chinese esoteric and superior wisdom, which said there are higher cosmic laws than the laws we know.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|But when you make love, the dead stay close, fill the bed, lie along the bodies in tiers, sandwiching all their lives with yours.
Charles McCabe|Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|When you begin to see that your enemy is suffering, that is the beginning of insight.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|Life is full of intriguing souls that you cannot penetrate… An uncomfortable percentage of those anguished and impregnable souls also have suffering hearts that are further tormented by a deluded mind. They will hurt out of an impulse, and then live their lives after that without the slightest remorse.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Allowing yourself to be a conduit for opportunity requires a brand new outlook on life. Lady fortune cannot enter a locked door, you know. And contrary to that well known saying, she has rarely been known to knock
Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season|If you forget your lines, you had better mumble with conviction.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|Everything you see before you is the result of poverty. But how are things any better in the wealthy countries? They protect their own environments, but then shift the heavily polluting industries to the poorer nations.
A.M. Homes, May We Be Forgiven|How can I tell anyone that there has always lived within me a rusty sense of disgust-a dull, brackish water that I suspect is my soul?
John Lewis|We know that al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has some very dangerous, very important leaders who are tied directly to the top leadership of al Qaeda central, including a man who was formerly Osama bin Laden's secretary.
Chris Elliott|It's kind of a funny way to put it, but if you want to study a dynamic economic system, what you'd like to be able to do is focus on the linkages, say, between asset markets and the macro economy without having to model everything at the same time.
Debasish Mridha|Life is like a flowing river. Just like the speed of time, it will never come back.
Thomas Keneally, Searching for Schindler: A Memoir|Remember in any case, that not only the Adept, but anyone with the smallest capacity for Adeptship, is fundamentally an Artist; he will certainly not possess any of those bourgeois "virtues" which are just so many reactions to Blue Funk.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Not every happy person is married, and, Not every married person is happy.
Chris Galford, The Hollow March|Even corpses had purpose, or could be given one. A man could make himself an island his entire life, only to have reason itself laid about him, a fabricated existence. Identity became relative, history nonexistent. As they said, dead men told no tales.
Luhraw|They'd lived their lives on tightropes, never knowing where the next paycheck was coming from or if one was coming at all, their personal lives a mishmash of backstage affairs and dressing room brawls endured for the brief heady adrenaline rush brought by the orchestra's overture and glare of white lights.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|No," said the cat. "Now, you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.
Ziggy Marley|If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.
Quentin R. Bufogle, Horse Latitudes|Stop praying. Get off your knees and do something. There's only one particular need that can be effectively addressed while in the kneeling position. If yours pertains to anything else, then please, seek help elsewhere. 'God helps those who help themselves' is just the Church's way of telling you that it's all a sham. You're really on your own.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life without love, is the soul without the spirit.
Stephanie Powell Watts, We Are Taking Only What We Need|These dogs didn't bother to bond with us, but stuck out their paws, not to shake hands but so we could slit their wrists and get it the hell over with. (p.51)
Casey Renee Kiser, Gutter Kisses and a Hug on Garbage Day|Oh, precious losing streak,you're too cute for your own good. I try to laugh about itbut my face is made of wood.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There is a remedy and there is a hope but the remedy is not in the political party or in places that will take you away from hope. You better run to God, that is the only place you can find both.
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|Those were the best days in the life of Tancredi and Angelica, lives later to be so variegated, so erring, against the inevitable background of sorrow. But that they did not know then; and they were pursuing a future which they deemed more concrete than it turned out to be, made of nothing but smoke and wind. When they were old and uselessly wise their thoughts would go back to those days with insistent regret; they had been days when desire was always present because it was always overcome, when many beds had been offered and refused, when the sensual urge, because restrained, had for one second been sublimated in renunciation, that is into real love.
Ann Hood, The Book That Matters Most|Could a writer understand how her book had saved someone long ago, when the world was a fragile, scary place and the people she loved weren't in it anymore? Could a writer understand that her book had mattered more than anything?
Steffani Raff, The Ravenous Gown: And 14 More Tales about Real Beauty|some says that happiness exists in success..money..and in many more which they feels higher in their thoughts.But,how much they will worth if you are losing yourself....so do something for which your soul can find it's presence in purity,divinity and more than what you can expect from others to love your works.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|I'm an old-fashioned guy. I believe in the Enlightenment, and reason, and logic, and you know, facts.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|Faith is not about finding meaning in the world, there may be no such thing -- faith is the belief in our capacity to create meaningful lives.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each of us, along with our ancestors, inhabits the same cosmos. When we tell stories, we enter the stream of human consciousness; we take with us into the Ring of Time the people whom we crossed paths with in our earthly sojourn.
Ellen Meloy, The Anthropology of Turquoise: Reflections on Desert, Sea, Stone, and Sky|The complex human eye harvests light. It perceives seven to ten million colors through a synaptic flash: one-tenth of a second from retina to brain. Homo sapiens gangs up to 70 percent of its sense receptors solely for vision, to anticipate danger and recognize reward, but also—more so—for beauty.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Soon, challenges against the Post's ownership of two television stations in Florida were filed with the Federal Communications Commission. The price of Post stock on the American Exchange dropped by almost 50 percent. Among the challengers - forming the organizations of 'citizens' who proposed to become the new FCC licensees - were several persons long associated with the President.-- Carl Bernsein, Bob Woodward
Tonny K. Brown|If a man fights with truth, in time, he will be victorious. If he fights with lies, after he is exposed; in time, he will be left alone.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|There are certain phrases potent to make my blood boil -- improper influence! What old woman's cackle is that?""Are you a young lady?""I am a thousand times better: I am an honest woman, and as such I will be treated.
Aeschylus, Eumenides|Justice? -You get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law.
Alexander Schastak|Except for in politics, no one likes to follow an idea without a firm base to walk on
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|In this cyberwar, industry is on their own and must combat nation states, cyber mercenaries, cyber caliphate and other actors via layered security laced with intelligent machines.
Jewel, Never Broken: Songs Are Only Half the Story|My innocence is not lost—it has been converted into wisdom. The sensation we call "breaking" is the pain that comes from resisting the truth. Life broke parts of me that needed to fall away for me to live an open and truthful life.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|I'm looking for what I was capable of before... Or to be more precise, I'm trying to see whether I'm still capable of it.
Jamie Scallion, Having It|I want to be with YOU!"Bex to Tea
Kamand Kojouri|The guilt you felt when you were smiling and others were suffering, the guilt you felt when you were petty with friends and impatient with your parents, when you were rude to your teachers and didn’t stand up for strangers, that guilt is marvellous. It proves that you are human, that you want to be better. Thank this guilt for teaching you, for making you aware. And now endeavour to better yourself. It is a lifelong work to become the person we want to be.
Judith McNaught, Paradise/Tender Triumph|Is Ahab, Ahab? Is it I, God, or who, that lifts this arm? But if the great sun move not of himself; but is an errand-boy in heaven; nor one single star can revolve, but by some invisible power; how then can this one small heart beat; this one small brain think thoughts; unless God does that beating, does that thinking, does that living, and not I.
Lanie Bross, Chaos|Rico laughed a little, feeling helpless. "Is your life always this...I don't know-""Tide of chaos washing ashore on the beach of what the fuck? Yesh.
Victor Hugo, The Hunchback of Notre-Dame|Why, there's the air, the sky, the morning, the evening, moonlight, my friends, women, the beautiful architecture of Paris to study, three big books to write and all sorts of other things. Anaxagoras used to say that he was in the world in order to admire the sun. And then I have the good fortune to be able to spend my days from morning to night in the company of a man of genius - myself - and it's very pleasant.
J.R. Partington|That which we call a rose, by any other name would smell as sweet
Amjad Nasser|That's two full days away. Maybe, if I'm not dead by then, I can still take Sophie.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|People who use their religion as a framework to kill people, simply , are not nice people. Yes, that's quite a stand I'm making, but the idea that people are systematically executed because they don't share your God is beyond barbaric. The fact that there are people in our own country who seem to tolerate that, while being intolerant of a Christian's biblical stance regarding gay marriage, makes me want to go to leave the United States and go to a more sensible place, like Texas.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|You should be spreading the good word. You should be etching the good word onto the glass scanning beds of library photocopiers. You should be scraping the truth onto old auto parts and throwing them off bridges so that people digging in the mud in a million years will question the world, too. You should be carving eyeballs into tire treads and onto shoe soles so that your every trail speaks of thinking and faith and belief. You should be designing molecules that crystallize into poems of devotion. You should be making bar codes that print out truth, not lies. You shouldn't even throw away a piece of litter unless it has the truth stamped on it--a demand for people to reach a finer place! ...Your new life will be tinged with urgency, as though you're digging out the victims of an avalanche. If you're not spending every waking moment of your life living the truth, if you're not plotting every moment to boil the carcass of the old order, then you're wasting your day.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|I know.” The two words ghosted against the skin of her neck, sending goose bumps down her spine. “But I want to touch you. I want to put my hands all over you. I want to kiss every inch of you and taste you as you come apart in my arms. I want to feel you wrapped around me with nothing but my name on your lips and the sheets a tangled mess beneath us. I want…” He exhaled heavily into her ear. “I want. I want. I want!
John  Adams, Diary and Autobiography of John Adams: Volumes 1-4, Diary (1755-1804) and Autobiography|I must judge for myself, but how can I judge, how can any man judge, unless his mind has been opened and enlarged by reading.
Friedrich Engels|All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire.
Preston W. Long|When the bonfire of love still smolders in the wake of emotional convulsions, seeds of regret and remorse may endlessly linger about on the path of life. ("Taken for a ride)
Suzanne Rindell, Three-Martini Lunch|The term "racist" comes from the word "racialist": Someone that sees the world from a racial prism.
Daven Anderson, Vampire Syndrome|When you f*** a Vampire, you get a free hat.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If two people could make each other smile and laugh and forget all the pain and darkness in the world for a moment, why should we feel ashamed of it?
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|A smile you gift is a smile you earn… Gift a smile to your parents, friends, or even a stranger.
Sunday Adelaja|God has prepared our victory for us, if only we will praise Him in all circumstances
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred: Tamir|I picked up the back of the shirt, the light breen scales shimmering in the makeshift lighting of the bathroom. Something light swims up inside of me. Something like hope. Maybe I would be able to do it.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|According to the moral absolutism that characterizes McCandless's beliefs, a challenge in which a successful outcome is assured isn't a challenge at all.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Rachel Gibson, Tangled Up In You|Snowball?"It's white."Meow."It's so girly."This from a guy who named his poodle Princess."his laughter died. "How do you know about Princess?"Your sister told me.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You told me, if something is not used it is meaningless, and took my temperature, which I had thought to save for a more difficult day. In the mirror, every night, the same face, a bit more threadbare, a dress worn too long. The moon was out in the cold, along with the restless, dissatisfied wind that seemed to change the location of the sycamores. I expected reproaches because I had mentioned the word love, but you only accused me of stealing your pencil, and sadness disappeared with sense. You made a ceremony out of holding your head in your hands because, you said, it could not be contained in itself.
Jean Reno|I get some of my ideas from watching my three daughters, but most of them come from my own memories of growing up. I can remember how romantic I was, not just about love, but romance in the classic sense - the romantic ideals: of honor and truth, of loyalty, sacrifice and fairness. Those were the elements that made a story satisfying to me.
Debra Fileta, True Love Dates: Your Indispensable Guide to Finding the Love of your Life|Now to enjoy the treasures of God in the similitude of God, is the most perfect blessedness God could devise. For the treasures of God are the most perfect treasures, and the manner of God is the most perfect manner.
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|In trench warfare five things are important: firewood, food, tobacco, candles, and the enemy. In winter on the Zaragoza front they were important in that order, with the enemy a bad last
Elizabeth J. Kolodziej, Witch Devotions|Yeah, cause that would be a smart choice. So, I should just forget about the whole lying to me thing when you pronounce you will never do it again?” “Yes.” “You’d have a better chance getting a donkey to shit gold.
Neil Gaiman|The Americans, who are the most efficient people on the earth, have carried [phrase-making] to such a height of perfection and have invented so wide a range of pithy and hackneyed phrases that they can carry on an amusing and animated conversation without giving a moment’s reflection to what they are saying and so leave their minds free to consider the more important matters of big business and fornication.
Julia Suzuki, Yoshiko and the Gift of Charms|You're a great man, but only when seen from afar.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|You dickweed! Are you always stupid, or is today a special occasion?
Bradley Bowman|The burn is my girlfriend, failure is my ex. I'm married to the track and engaged to success.
Todd Park|When you take the time to cleanse your physical body of accumulated stress and toxicity, you are rewarded with increased vitality and optimal health.
Unarine Ramaru|Everything have a foundation, even your fame; It started as little support from your family and immediate friends; Don't forget that because they saw the raw talent before everyone saw the polished act. Stay True instead of being a fame fool.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|To strengthen the IT-business link, it takes more resource to doing innovation, not just IT innovation, but business innovation.
David Attenborough|I try to get away from the pits as quickly as I can. I speak to my engineer when I get out of the car, usually there's some press to do, then I will go off and have a shower and get my dry, clean overalls and clothing on. I'll have a massage, stretch and something to eat. I don't sleep, but I try to close my eyes for a while.
Yami Gautam|Despite massive evidence to the contrary, libertarians hold tight to their romantic concept of capitalism, which, freed from government interference, serves the consumer with the best products at the lowest prices.
Lynda Cheldelin Fell|A praiseworthy King is he who doesn't seek the most expensive throne, rather the most effective leadership style.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|Do you love me?” Diana asked.Caine’s eyes widened. She could actually see him twitch. Like a startled animal. Like a rabbit who had just heard a fox.“It’s a yes or no question,” Diana said acidly. “But I’ll accept a nod or a shake of the head or an incoherent grunt.”“I . . . I don’t know what you mean by that,” Caine said lamely.“When I jumped off the cliff, you saved me even though it meant letting Sanjit and the others escape.”“You didn’t give me much choice,” Caine said peevishly. “You had a choice. You wanted to destroy them.”“Okay.”“Why did you make that choice?”Caine swallowed and seemed to find his palms sweaty since he rubbed them on his sides.Diana walked to the door. She unlocked it and held it open. “Go away,” she said. “Come back when you figure out your answer.
John McPhee|Libraries really are the gates to the future. So it is unfortunate that, round the world, we observe local authorities seizing the opportunity to close libraries as an easy way to save money, without realising that they are stealing from the future to pay for today. They are closing the gates that should be open.
Antony Garrett Lisi|If you're going to go to the moon, you don't shoot the rocket right at the moon. You have to go at it obliquely.
Nathan Filer|We are selfish, my illness and I. We think only of ourselves. We shape the world around us into messages, into secret whispers spoken only for us.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|Learning to endure times of disappointment, suffering, and sorrow is part of our on-the-job training. These experiences, while often difficult to bear at the time, are precisely the kinds of experiences that stretch our understanding, build our character, and increase our compassion for others.
Aaron Sorkin|I love writing, but hate starting. The page is awfully white and it says, 'You may have fooled some of the people some of the time but those days are over, Giftless. I'm not your agent and I'm not your mommy: I'm a white piece of paper. You wanna dance with me?' and I really, really don't. I'll go peaceable-like.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Parent|My needs were covered by layer upon layer of denial. I was scrambling for reasons. But the truth was, even if he had had a successful career, I would have used it as an excuse to complain about neglect. He could never actually win. I was running a very common script, that of deciphering why he wasn’t enough for me and why I needed someone else—as if someone else could give me everything. As if there was one person who could be my Mr. Right and who could satisfy every ever-changing facet of my personality. At that point I still believed that this was possible…desirable…and necessary.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|Where is your Revolutionary spirit?""Beheaded," Celeste said.
Amy Carmichael|We stand, when we are young, on the sunny slope among the pines, and look across an unknown country to the mountains. There are clouds, but they are edged with light. We do not fear as we dip into the valley; we do not fear the clouds. Thank God for the splendid fearlessness of youth. And as for older travelers whom the Lord has led over the hill and the dale, they have not been given the spirit of fear. They think of the way they have come since they stood on that bright hillside, and their word is always this: There are reasons and reasons for hope and for happiness, and never one for fear.
Pope Paul VI|I love Christmas tree bulbs, and I started putting them in my paintings. You've got to plug this painting in, and it's got a rig in the back, so that each one can be replaced if it burns out.
Brynn Kelly, Edge of Truth|The mother is always at fault. so is the wife, really. Women are supposed to control men, isn't that how it goes? what's that saying again: 'behind every great man is a great woman.' we're supposed to be the ones holding them back. forget having our own lives. forget our own careers and loves and losses. we're the matriarchs.
James Joseph Sylvester|As a teacher, Tengo pounded into his students' heads how voraciously mathematics demanded logic. Here things that could not be proven had no meaning, but once you had succeeded in proving something, the world's riddles settled into the palm of your hand like a tender oyster.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|What do you know about somebody not being good enough for somebody else? And since when did you care whether Corinthians stood up or fell down? You've been laughing at us all your life. Corinthians. Mama. Me. Using us, ordering us, and judging us: how we cook your food; how we keep your house. But now, all of a sudden, you have Corinthians' welfare at heart and break her up from a man you don't approve of. Who are you to approve or disapprove anybody or anything? I was breathing air in the world thirteen years before your lungs were even formed. Corinthians, twelve. . . . but now you know what's best for the very woman who wiped the dribble from your chin because you were too young to know how to spit. Our girlhood was spent like a found nickel on you. When you slept, we were quiet; when you were hungry, we cooked; when you wanted to play, we entertained you; and when you got grown enough to know the difference between a woman and a two-toned Ford, everything in this house stopped for you. You have yet to . . . move a fleck of your dirt from one place to another. And to this day, you have never asked one of us if we were tired, or sad, or wanted a cup of coffee. . . . Where do you get the RIGHT to decide our lives? . . . I'll tell you where. From that hog's gut that hangs down between your legs. . . . I didn't go to college because of him. Because I was afraid of what he might do to Mama. You think because you hit him once that we all believe you were protecting her. Taking her side. It's a lie. You were taking over, letting us know you had the right to tell her and all of us what to do. . . . I don't make roses anymore, and you have pissed your last in this house.
Art Wittmann|Computer security can simply be protecting your equipment and files from disgruntled employees, spies, and anything that goes bump in the night, but there is much more. Computer security helps ensure that your computers, networks, and peripherals work as expected all the time, and that your data is safe in the event of hard disk crash or a power failure resulting from an electrical storm. Computer security also makes sure no damage is done to your data and that no one is able to read it unless you want them to
Augusten Burroughs, Dry|There was a kindliness about intoxication - there was that indescribable gloss and glamour it gave, like the memories of ephemeral and faded evenings.
Nikki Rowe|i see when you doubt yourself, i feel your fear. please put down your burden and remember i am here. -your angels.
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|It's terrible to have to fear that your powers will activate at any given moment. Especially when you draw close to people... and find that your only choice is to pull away. It's overwhelming when you find a time, a person, with which there's nothing to fear.
Martin McGuinness|There was a film that really affected me, 'La Strada' by Fellini, where Anthony Quinn and Giulietta Masina travel around on his little motorcycle thing.
Lauren Ambrose as Claire Fisher|I know stealing a foot is weird. But, hello, living in a house where a foot is available to be stolen is weird.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|There is little that a puppy won't fix, even if the fix is for a short time.
Sheshadharananda, Toward Avinasha|The Himalaya (hɪmalɶyɶ) does not make Rishis, the Rishis make the Himalaya (hɪmalɶyɶ) to be what it is. A Rishi is a beacon of light that expands and clarifies the stretches of vision of all those that connect with her/him here and now. It is like taking a candle into a dark room, and everything in the room is visible. As a natural and spontaneous consequence, the door leading to the open light filled outdoors becomes visible to you. You can now naturally and spontaneously step out of the room that you were trapped in due to the darkness of ignorance, and let your consciousness expand into infinity. Stay in the present moment, in the here and now, my brother. Immerse yourself into the present entirely. Then you will see these Rishis in yourSelf, here and now, and always. The infinitely spaced vast reaches of the picturesque multiple dimensions of the present moment, pregnant with all futures, right here right now, becomes your vision.”Krishna, ‘A Iyer in Jose’s Well
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|When a child reaches puberty, parents become so curious about their sex lives and whereabouts, put them behind bars to their own detriment. When such a child breaks free, don't be surprised to see him/her in porn movies.
Hal and Melanie Young|Entrepreneurship is an art, you do it because you love it.
Laila Ali|I used to make up stuff in my bio all the time, that I used to be a professional ice-skater and stuff like that. I found it so inspirational. Why not make myself cooler than I am?
Bruce Wayne Sullivan|Anyone who has no need of anybody but himself is either a beast or a God."Aristotle
Henri Nouwen|You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.
Mars Hill, The Moaner's Bench: A Novel|We should meet abuse by forbearance. Human nature is so constituted that if we take absolutely no notice of anger or abuse, the person indulging in it will soon weary of it and stop.
Tracy March, Could've Said Yes|I’m not gone.” He pulled her close and whispered in her ear, “And we’ve got tonight.
Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil|How could anyone love Him? What did you just tell me yourself about the world? Don't you see, everybody hates God now. It's not that God is dead in the twentieth century. It's that everybody hates Him! At least I think so.
Beth Mikell, Salvation|Jenera reached up to hold his face between her hands, staring into the face of the man that changed her world within a few days. “I may not understand every part of your life and race, but I soon will. If you can accept a human for a bride, I can take every part of you. When the time comes, you will take everything.”Darién ached to grab her and bury his mouth into her throat to prove her wrong, but he clenched his fists at his side instead to steady the urge. “Come…we should return to the citadel,” he said gruffly, standing up and striding away.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people hate people who are overconfident, only because their overconfidence reminds them of their underconfidence.
Jim Dale|Some minds improve by travel, others, rather, resemble copper wire, or brass, which get the narrower by going farther.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christians are expected to carry the marks of the Lord Jesus, not adapt to the fashionable counterculture driven by marketing traps.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Was there anything quite so painful, so fraught with the possibilities of hurt, as gift giving within a family?
Stephen King|I can not travel into my past,without consent of the future me.
Kelly McClymer, Must Love Black|I strongly disagree that we should not judge other people. Wisdom means good judgement. Those who fail to judge wisely often fall victim to superficial deceits. However, we should: Judge ourselves before judging others; Judge their hearts not their clothes;Judge their actions not their words;Judge the present not the past.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|Most morality, thought Mma Ramotswe, was about doing the right thing because it had been identified as such by a long process of acceptance and observance. You simply could not create your own morality because your experience would never be enough to do so. What gives you the right to say that you know better than your ancestors? Morality is for everybody and this means that the views of more than one person are needed to create it. That was what made modern morality, with its emphasis on individuals and the working out of an individual person, so weak. If you gave people the chance to work out their morality, then they would work out the version which was easiest for them and which allowed them to do what suited them for as much of the time as possible. That, in Mma Ramotswe's view, was simple selfishness, whatever grand name one gave it.
Irene Rubaum-Keller|Wisdom of the Ages: "The Pope and Congress" It looks as if confidence in the American voter to exorcise the demons in the Capitol has completely fallen through.
J. K. Rowling|Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy, its inherent virtue is the equal sharing of misery.
If I Wake|There may be a future for me after all and one day, I may live long enough to give this bracelet to my grandson. Willis knew he had the code as soon as he read the assignment in the blue folder. It’s in his hands now. As Tayla said, it’s the future, we don’t get to know how it ends.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|The dollar bills attached to her hips fluttered to the rug of the small square stage, like the first flakes of winter in the Bronx. (Dark City Lights)
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|We are Anonymous! We are the difference between the light and the dark, We are Justice. We believe in freedom, equality, human rights. and we stand as one! We don't have to prove that we can hack. we dont have to hack. we're not a group or an organisation. were a movement, a movement of people, people who believe in the right thing. We are everyone, your best friend, your brother, your sister, your mother, a random person you see on the streets, if not, we represent them, everyone who's not corrupt. We are anonymous. expect us!
Sanober  Khan|One clear moment, one of trance One missed step, one perfect dance One missed shot, one and only chance Life is all...but one fleeting glance.
J.A. Rock, The Subs Club|This is your last chance to go home, son.” It was the loudest I’d heard him speak.I froze.Cock, meet jeans. Jeans, please contain cock.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I think the Miss Universe title not only gives me the opportunity to become a role model for Latina girls around the world, but to show that beauty isn't just about the outside.
Angela B. Wade, Fallen River|That last night,” she said quietly. “Why did you say you hoped you'd never see me again?”He hadn’t said it; it had been his last thought when he’d turned to leave. But he didn’t seem to notice the discrepancy as he looked at her now.“Because,” he began before faltering, his voice leaving on a sigh. His left hand reached to rake a path through his hair, scattering the inky thickness in all directions. “The more I learn of you, the more difficult it is to stay away.
DeWayne Owens|If you only focus on what is, you may never attain what could be. Focus on the possibilities.
Geoffrey Chaucer|Lo, which a greet thing is affeccioun!Men may die of imaginacioun,So depe may impressioun be take.
Rand Paul|If you knew that your life was merely a phase or short, short segment of your entire existence, how would you live? Knowing nothing 'real' was at risk, what would you do? You'd live a gigantic, bold, fun, dazzling life. You know you would. That's what the ghosts want us to do - all the exciting things they no longer can.
Amy Harmon, Running Barefoot|You have broken my heartI am a little kid,I cannot stop cryingI hit my feet to the ground and my hands to my headLike a flyI cannot get up from the sticky groundI cannot talk about youBecause it hurtsI feel the pain inside my bonesI cannot forget youThe reality has become dream and dream has become nightmareThese are my tearsThey are not my sweatsI have not pissed on myselfEvery drop carries pain and regretThey are all because of you,You broke my virgin heart and poor soul,I thought we belonged with each otherWe shared dreams and wishesWe shared love and devotionI did not know they were all lies,If I knew you were leaving me one day, I would have loved you more than I didMaybe it would have changed your mindBecause I still love you
Jane Fonda|Kids are a great analogy. You want your kids to grow up, and you don't want your kids to grow up. You want your kids to become independent of you, but it's also a parent's worst nightmare: That they won't need you. It's like the real tragedy of parenting.
Gene Kelly|Music has always been a great solace for me. It's still something that gives me far more joy than movies, I must say. I love movies, too. But somehow, music can transport you. There are so many different kinds of experiences you can have with music.
Carla Fine, No Time to Say Goodbye|Coping with any death is traumatic; suicide compounds the anguish because we are forced to deal with two traumatic events at the same time. According to the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the level of stress resulting from the suicide of a loved one is ranked as catastrophic–equivalent to that of a concentration camp experience.
D.H. Lawrence, Fantasia of the Unconscious|Olivia: What's a drunken man like, fool?Feste: Like a drowned man, a fool, and a madman: one draught above heat makes him a fool; the second mads him; and a third drowns him.
Kate Chisman|In the morning, that moment, when I knew it was you. When I could feel you breathing and we opened our eyes at the exact same time.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|You are most powerful when you are most silent. People never expect silence. They expect words, motion, defense, offense, back and forth. They expect to leap into the fray. They are ready, fists up, words hanging leaping from their mouths. Silence? No.
Sadghuru|I have often thought that Walter Mitty had it in him to be more than a hen-pecked loser. Instead of living it up as a flamboyant daredevil in his dreams, he could have chosen to be a responsible man in real life, going about his work with dignity, and people may just have treated him with respect. Did his failures in life lead him to seek solace in daydreams or did his wandering mind stand in the way of his potential success? One must have triggered the other, and then it would have been both working together. An empty life drives you to fantasies of fulfilment, which then form a deadly, vicious circle which can turn you into a cartoon, as it did poor Mitty. Or lead you to ruin like Madame Bovary.
Alexandra Elle|No matter how bad you want a person, if your hearts are in two different places, you’ll have to pass and move on.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Poet|Those who are esteemed umpires of taste, are often persons who have acquired some knowledge of admired pictures or sculptures, and have an inclination for whatever is elegant; but if you inquire whether they are beautiful souls, and whether their own acts are like fair pictures, you learn that they are selfish and sensual. Their cultivation is local, as if you should rub a log of dry wood in one spot to produce fire, all the rest remaining cold. Their knowledge of the fine arts is some study of rules and particulars, or some limited judgment of color or form which is exercised for amusement or for show. It is a proof of the shallowness of the doctrine of beauty, as it lies in the minds of our amateurs, that men seem to have lost the perception of the instant dependence of form upon soul.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|The best thing for being sad," replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, "is to learn something. That's the only thing that never fails. You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds. There is only one thing for it then — to learn. Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn.
Douglas Adams|...just because you see something, it doesn’t mean to say it’s there. And if you don’t see something, it doesn’t mean to say it’s not there. It’s only what your senses bring to your attention.
Christina Engela|People who have practiced occult religions for many years are being told that they don't know the first thing about their own religion and its beliefs and practices - and that a bunch of zealots from another religion posing as 'experts' (in a religion they despise/ fear/ oppose and who peddle slander and misinformation about occult religions), are more credible than they are.Non Seqitur. This does not follow.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|Still, she knows one thing for certain: never judge a relationship unless you are the one wrapped up in its arms.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|Apprentices Needed, Not DisciplesFor many, the knowledge of a Jesus, a Lao-tzu, a Buddha, or a Gandhi is complete and unassailable. But we do them and their vision a disservice when we follow them rather than using what they have taught to build upon as we strive toward our goal of a better society.
C Vallo|In arguing, what people lack in intellect they usually make up for in name-calling.
Brandy Nacole, Sacrifice: A New Dawn|A woman can lend a man the strength to conquer a kingdom, and bring him to his knees with one breath.
Christopher Moore, Fluke: Or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings|What are you working on?" Elizabeth asked. Nate could hear her tapping a pencil on her desk. She took notes during their conversations. He didn't know what she did with the notes, but it bothered him."I have a lecture at the sanctuary in four days." Why, why had he told her? Why? Now she'd rattle down the mountain in her ancient Mercedes that looked like a Nazi staff car, sit in the audience, and ask all the questions that she knew in advance he couldn't answer.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|You can't keep snakes in your backyard and expect them only to bite your neighbors. You know, eventually those snakes are going to turn on whoever has them in the backyard.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as there is the egoism of ‘I-ness’ (hoonpanu) and the partiality towards ‘my-ness’ (marapanu), how can there be liberation till then?
Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy|Love is more responsible, when it's titled a definite relation...
Sunita|But I'm afraid that it would be all be a disappointment, so I prefer just to dream about it.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Thanks to his salary, an employee is free to eat whatever, wherever. However, because of his job, he is not free to eat whenever.
Alan W. Watts, The Essential Alan Watts|I have always thought that all philosophical debates are ultimately between the partisans of structure and the partisans of "goo.
Theodore Roosevelt|The great pleasure of a dog is that you may make a fool of yourself with him and not only will he not scold you, but he will make a fool of himself too.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Fire's tears were real now, and there was no helping them, for there was no time. Everything was moving too fast. She crossed the room to him, put her arms around him, clung to him, turning her face to the side, learning all at once that it was awkward to show a person all of one's love when one's nose was broken.His arms came around her tightly, his breath short and hard against her hair. He held on to the silk of her hair and she pressed herself against him until her panic calmed to something desperate, but bea
D. VonThaer|If the voices in your head make you cry, you're a lunatic. Put their words on paper, and you're a writer.
Rosita Forbes|We rode through a three-thousand-year-old country, saw the ruined capital of the Queen of Sheba and the underground red-rock city of Lalibela, fraternized with a tribe of leaden-skinned troglogytes living among the mountains, scrapped with brigands, outwitted crocodiles, and eventually emerged battered and in rags with a book of adventures and 1,000 feet of film.
Charles Stanley|I couldn't do country, with all due respect to all country music artists. My parents dressed me up with a cowboy hat and we'd go to the rodeo when I was younger and it traumatized me for life.
James  Jones, From Here to Eternity|The movie was kickass, which was appropriate, because tonight it was called Kickass: The Movie.
Eli Brown, Cinnamon and Gunpowder|Shadow was a couple of a hundred yards away from his motel, and he walked there, breathing the cold air, past red and yellow and blue lights advertising every kind of fast food a man could imagine, as long as it was a hamburger.
Matt Gonzalez|The reason there weren't any, I am surmising, is that a lot of Latin kids, Latino kids, in those days didn't have the money to take those kind of classes.
Sorin Suciu, The Scriptlings|I am not the potter, nor the potter's wheel, but the potter's clay, does it depend on the value achieved intrinsic as much as the value of the clay as the wheel and master craftsmanship?
Zig Ziglar|There's always something in it for the person who is allowing to be taken advantage of." Psychotherapist David in Type 1 Sociopath
C. JoyBell C.|Life is too short to waste any amount of time on wondering what other people think about you. In the first place, if they had better things going on in their lives, they wouldn't have the time to sit around and talk about you. What's important to me is not others' opinions of me, but what's important to me is my opinion of myself.
Michael Hirsch|The words "I am ..." are potent words  be careful what you hitch them to. The thing you're claiming has a way of reaching back and claiming you.
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|You can see the same immorality or amorality in the Christian view of guilt and punishment. There are only two texts, both of them extreme and mutually contradictory. The Old Testament injunction is the one to exact an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth (it occurs in a passage of perfectly demented detail about the exact rules governing mutual ox-goring; you should look it up in its context (Exodus 21). The second is from the Gospels and says that only those without sin should cast the first stone. The first is a moral basis for capital punishment and other barbarities; the second is so relativistic and "nonjudgmental" that it would not allow the prosecution of Charles Manson. Our few notions of justice have had to evolve despite these absurd codes of ultra vindictiveness and ultracompassion.
Sofia Grey, His Temporary Fix|Icy fingers walked down my spine, and I realized I was trembling. I wanted this to stop. Wanted Jas to stop before he made this whole situation a million times worse, but I couldn’t speak.
Noah Hawley, Before the Fall|The character was created by you, if you kill yourself you kill the character, it happen because you done it... you don't realise it!
Gautama Buddha, The Dhammapada|Who have not led the holy lifenor riches won while young,they linger on as aged cranesaround a fished-out pond.
Michael S. Horton, Christless Christianity: The Alternative Gospel of the American Church|Jesus was not revolutionary because he said we should love God and each other. Moses said that first. So did Buddha, Confucius, and countless other religious leaders we've never heard of. Madonna, Oprah, Dr. Phil, the Dali Lama, and probably a lot of Christian leaders will tell us that the point of religion is to get us to love each other. "God loves you" doesn't stir the world's opposition. However, start talking about God's absolute authority, holiness, ... Christ's substitutionary atonement, justification apart from works, the necessity of new birth, repentance, baptism, Communion, and the future judgment, and the mood in the room changes considerably.
Kasie West, The Fill-In Boyfriend|Hayden?""Yes,Gia?""Nothing I just wanted to say your name
Steven Weber|For many centuries, suicides were treated like criminals by the society. That is part of the terrible legacy that has come down into society's method of handling suicide recovery. Now we have to fight off the demons that have been hanging around suicide for centuries.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|we are burning like a chicken wing left on the grill of an outdoor barbecuewe are unwanted and burning we are burning and unwanted we arean unwantedburningas we sizzle and fryto the bonethe coals of Dante's 'Inferno' spit and sputter beneathus andabove the sky is an open hand andthe words of wise men are uselessit's not a nice world, a nice world it's not ...
Victor Hugo|If in my youth I had realized that the sustaining splendour of beauty of with which I was in love would one day flood back into my heart, there to ignite a flame that would torture me without end, how gladly would I have put out the light in my eyes.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|How very much horrible would it be, if achieving everything was so easy! We bear life because there is struggle!
Nathan Fillion|You get into sports with the idea that you want to win. If you aren't trying to win, what's the point in being involved? Once you do get involved, you realize the team draws so much from the community, and it would be nothing without the support of it. You've got to give back. It needs to be a two-way street.
Toby Frost, God Emperor of Didcot|Wainscott, Deepspace Operations Group,’ said the man. ‘Wasn’t here, don’t exist, pleased to meet you.
Shaun Hick, The Ghost And Its Shadow|You have to make mistakes to find out who you aren't. You take the action, and the insight follows: You don't think your way into becoming yourself.
M.F. Moonzajer|Our gods, if we choose to believe in them, must be forced to live up to ethics that far surpass our own human standards. If they fall short of the ethical conditions we place upon ourselves, what use are they to us - except to rationalize our own failures?
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|It occurred to me that the voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because the is always the thought that everything might be done better and again
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|Time is clearly not our natural dimension. Thus it is that we are never really at home in time. Alternately, we find ourselves wishing to hasten the passage of time or to hold back the dawn. We can do neither, of course, but whereas the fish is at home in water, we are clearly not at home in time--because we belong to eternity.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|I haven’t felt the full weightof the world on my shoulders,and I haven’t experienceda fraction of the painand embarrassment I’ve put out into this great bigwhite world.
Joshua Hartzell|To defend my fear of sudden change, I chose to believe that life was incremental, that the tiny decisions you make every day determine your fate, that your job is to captain an enormous ship subtly into ever-clearer waters. But that’s not how it works at all. Life occurs in moments. You get into college. You propose. You get the job. You get cancer. You get fired. She leaves you...Because I was born in a stable country at a stable time, I falsely extrapolated that change is incremental. But if you zoom out just a little bit, you see that life is soccer, not basketball. It’s revolution, invention, war. It’s big bangs, exploding stars, asteroids killing the dinosaurs. Which means that all the action is in the risk taking, whether I want it to be or not.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|Isn’t everyone on the planet or at least everyone on the planet called me stuck between the two impulses of wanting to walk away like it never happened and wanting to be a good person in love, loving, being loved, making sense, just fine? I want to be that person, part of a respectable people, but I also want nothing to do with being people, because to be people is to be breakable, to know that your breaking is coming, any day now and maybe not even any day but this day, this moment, right now a plane could fall out of the sky and crush you or the building you’re in could just crumble and kill you or kill the someone you love— and to love someone is to know that one day you’ll have to watch them break unless you do first and to love someone means you will certainly lose that love to something slow like boredom or festering hate or something fast like a car wreck or a freak accident or flesh-eating bacteria— and who knows where it came from, that flesh-eating bacteria, he was such a nice-looking fellow, it is such a shame— and your wildebeest, everyone’s wildebeest, just wants to get it over with, can’t bear the tension of walking around the world as if we’re always going to be walking around the world, because we’re not, because here comes a cancer, an illness a voice in your head that wants to jump out a window, a person with a gun, a freak accident, a wild wad of flesh-eating bacteria that will start with your face.
Sandeep Sharma, Let The Game Begin|We never accept the unaccepted, that which makes us uncomfortable. We love to ignore things till they can no longer be ignored.
Carol Plum-Ucci, What Happened to Lani Garver|I think in the end, you would have stayed with me, out of obligation...or maybe comfort. Maybe I was safe to you, and you needed to feel that. I know how scared you get of the unknown. To you...I must be kind of a security blanket.
Antonin Sertillanges, The Intellectual Life: Its Spirit, Conditions, Methods|When we want to awaken a thought in anyone, what are the means at our disposal? One only, to produce in him by word and sign states of sensibility and of imagination, emotion and memory in which he will discover our idea and make it his own.
Adelaide Kane|And at some point I would like to talk my publisher into doing an anthology of my poetry alongside some teen readers' poetry. It would be fun, and really wonderful to get their stuff out there.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Gaining satisfaction through accomplishments is and will always be a slippery slope, because there will come a time when you realize you have accomplished all that is within your power to accomplish in the realm of good, and will have nowhere else to turn but to the realms of greed and powerlust to find the satisfaction you crave.
Ron Wyden|It is a fundamental principle of American democracy that laws should not be public only when it is convenient for government officials to make them public. They should be public all the time, open to review by adversarial courts, and subject to change by an accountable legislature guided by an informed public. If Americans are not able to learn how their government is interpreting and executing the law then we have effectively eliminated the most important bulwark of our democracy. That’s why, even at the height of the Cold War, when the argument for absolute secrecy was at its zenith, Congress chose to make US surveillance laws public. Without public laws, and public court rulings interpreting those laws, it is impossible to have informed public debate. And when the American people are in the dark, they can’t make fully informed decisions about who should represent them, or protest policies that they disagree with. These are fundamentals. It’s Civics 101. And secret law violates those basic principles. It has no place in America.
Nacho Figueras|The swimmer adrift on the open seas measures his strength, and strives with all his muscles to keep himself afloat. But what is he to do when there is no land on the horizon, and none beyond it?
P.G. Wodehouse|Whenever I get that sad, depressed feeling, I go out and kill a policeman.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|So natural and universal is a child's curiosity about sex and so long are we conscious of it before we do it, that our original impressions of it leave an indelible mark.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Your depression is connected to your insolenceand refusal to praise. Whoever feels himself walking on the path, and refuses to praise--that man or womansteals from others every day--is a shoplifter!The sun became full of light when it got hold of itself.Angels only began shining when they achieved discipline.The sun goes out whenever the cloud of not-praising comes.The moment the foolish angel felt insolent, he heard the door close.
Phyllis Diller|Women want men, careers, money, children, friends, luxury, comfort, independence, freedom, respect, love, and a three-dollar pantyhose that won't run.
Danielle Joseph, Shrinking Violet|No, no- the sky will grow dark, cold rain will fall and all trace of the right way will be blotted out. You will be all alone. And still you will have to go on. There will be ghosts in the dark and voices in the air, disgusting prophecies coming true I wouldn’t wonder and absent faces present on every side, as the man said. And still you will have to go on. The last bridge will fall behind you and the last lights will go out, followed by the sun, the moon and the stars; and still you will have to go on. You will come to regions more desolate and wretched than you ever dreamed could exist, places of sorrow created entirely by that mean superstition which you yourself have put about for so long. But still you will have to go on
Leonard Ravenhill, Why Revival Tarries: A Classic on Revival|Justification is the new creation of the new man, and sanctification his preservation until the day of Jesus Christ.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Can we account for instinct?' said Monte Cristo. 'Are there not some places where we seem to breathe sadness? — why, we cannot tell. It is a chain of recollections — an idea which carries you back to other times, to other places — which, very likely, have no connection with the present time and place.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Heretic: Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now|The violent injunctions of the Quran and the violent precedents set by Muhammad set the tone for the Islamic view of politics and of world history. Islamic scholarship divides the world into two spheres of influence, the House of Islam (dar al-Islam) and the House of War (dar al-harb). Islam means submission, and so the House of Islam includes those nations that have submitted to Islamic rule, which is to say those nations ruled by Sharia law. The rest of the world, which has not accepted Sharia law and so is not in a state of submission, exists in a state of rebellion or war with the will of Allah. It is incumbent on dar al-Islam to make war upon dar al-harb until such time that all nations submit to the will of Allah and accept Sharia law. Islam's message to the non-Muslim world is the same now as it was in the time of Muhammad and throughout history: submit or be conquered. The only times since Muhammad when dar al-Islam was not actively at war with dar alharb were when the Muslim world was too weak or divided to make war effectively. But the lulls in the ongoing war that the House of Islam has declared against the House of War do not indicate a forsaking of jihad as a principle but reflect a change in strategic factors. It is acceptable for Muslim nations to declare hudna, or truce, at times when the infidel nations are too powerful for open warfare to make sense. Jihad is not a collective suicide pact even while "killing and being killed" (Sura 9:111) is encouraged on an individual level. For the past few hundred years, the Muslim world has been too politically fragmented and technologically inferior to pose a major threat to the West. But that is changing.
Gabriel Marcel|The God who is human in his divinity is the precise opposite of an essence which in ill-willed fashion closes itself to all human thought and knowledge... As love, rather, God is thinkable, without a distinction capable of made between essence and existence. Love is essentially existing lovingly.
Jeffrey Bernard, Reach for the Ground: The Downhill Struggle of Jeffrey Bernard|When I was a boy, I naively thought that this thing called happiness would be something I would wake up to find every day once I could smoke, drink and fornicate.
Muhammad Ali|On stage, I make love to 25,000 different people, then I go home alone.
Chauntelle Tibbals, Exposure: A Sociologist Explores Sex, Society, and Adult Entertainment|Sex has to do with your physical body, while gender has to do with your social expression of a range of masculinities and/or femininities (and/or neutralities).
Rashmit Kalra|Life can only be experienced in myriad of intricate forms, but can be understood only in abstract.Here/Now/Present is the doorway to abstract - the divine nothingness
Huntley Fitzpatrick, What I Thought Was True|If you like someone, you wish them well.But.If you love someone, you breathe wellness into them.
Marnie Grundman, Missing A True Story Of A Childhood Lost|I suppose that's the reason I believe that as long as there is someone in charge of the household, someone who can maintain order among its members, someone who is clearly mature and established as a person, someone, in other words, like my mother, then eventually all who live under the same roof, despite blood ties or lineage, will at one point become family. Such a simple idea, but one that took a while for me to catch on to.Oh, and another thing.If the same people don't spend enough time in a home, even if they are connected by blood, their bonds will slowly fade away like a familiar landscape.
Ken Poirot|I'm not in love, The love is within me!
Spike Lee|One of the interesting applications of symbolic systems is artificial intelligence, and I spent some time thinking about how to create a brain that operates the way ours does.
Dick Van Dyke|When I worked with wildlife a lot in the Eighties and Nineties, I learnt the meaning of patience. And when I worked with trees, I learned the meaning of humility.
Khloe Kardashian|But I think there's something wonderful and extraordinary about climbing on your own and just that kind of relationship to the environment. I'm very addicted to the mountains. You know, so, I do like that solitude.
Adele|If you give a good thing to the world, then over time your karma will be good, and you'll receive good.
K.H. Koehler, The Devil Dances|I once asked him why he smoked the world's most expensive cigarette, and he told me it was because he was a man of wealth and taste, at least according to Mick Jagger.
Ernest Thompson Seton|Although I completed two years of internship in various small hospitals, I decided against continuing my medical training. I was much more fascinated by the unsolved problems of medicine than by practicing it.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|Peace and supreme joy may seem like end-states to practitioners on more difficult spiritual paths, but the path of devotion should be filled with peace and joy from the very beginning. Their absence is an indication that something is amiss. (125)
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|Lesson for young men: if you want your eventual wife to be excited about sucking your dick for forty years, don't create a generation of women who think enthusiasm about sex is a bad thing.
Corazon Aquino|However muted its present appearance may be, sexual dominion obtains nevertheless as perhaps the most pervasive ideology of our culture and provides its most fundamental concept of power.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Empire|The response in the office was predictable, though it wasn't Mac who cooed the loudest; it was her dad."Who's a big fierce monster dog? Who's a bloodthirsty hound from Hell? It's you. Yes it is." Keith knelt to the floor and tickled the puppy's pudgy stomach. Veronica and Logan watched, a
Mary Oliver|I didn't start off as a journalist; I started off as a poet. My ambition was to practise poetry. Then I found journalism, but that other voice never fled from me.
Lewis Mumford|To rule is easy, to govern difficult.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Daring life, graceful living.
Elyn R. Saks|She was terrified of everything, and terrified to show it.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Her jaw dropped. She grabbed him by the shoulders. “I think I have formed an attachment to you. You know, what the English call a desire to have symphonic concerts with someone at all hours of the day?”He smiled. “And I love you too, darling.”-Lizzy and Will
Neal Shusterman, Everlost|We trouble our life by thoughts about death, and our death by thoughts about life.
Jane Yolen, Girl in a Cage|A book is a wonderful present. Though it may grow worn, it will never grow old.
Tony Hoagland, What Narcissism Means to Me|Outside the youth center, between the liquor storeand the police station,a little dogwood tree is losing its mind;overflowing with blossomfoam,like a sudsy mug of beer;like a bride ripping off her clothes,dropping snow white petals to the ground in clouds,so Nature’s wastefulness seems quietly obscene.It’s been doing that all week:making beauty,and throwing it away,and making more.
Jo Nesbø, Phantom|I think I made a better boy than I do a man, I admitted ruefully to the wolf. Why not wait until you've been at it a bit longer and then decide? he suggested.
Suzan DelBene|The Amish communities of Pennsylvania, despite the retro image of horse-drawn buggies and straw hats, have long been engaged in a productive debate about the consequences of technology.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is use of the buddhi [intellect], there is no Moksha [Liberation], and where there is Moksha, there the intellect is not needed. Samaj [Understanding] is needed.
Rick Riordan|Beckendorf closed eyes tight and brought his hand up to his watch.from that distance, the explosion shook the world. Heat seared the back of my head. The Princess Andromeda blew up from both sides, a massive fireball ofgreen flame roiling into the dark sky, consuming everything....I stared out the window into deep blue water. Beckendorf was supposed to go to college in the fall. He had a girlfriend, lots of friends, his whole life ahead of him. He couldn't be gone.
Nikki Rowe|True love is not:A person’s looksA person’s career or accomplishmentsLongevity of a relationshipChildren together Memories madeWords spoken or declaredChance meetings you feel are fateHobbies and interests sharedOr, Religious beliefs in commonTrue love is:Seeing the potential in someone and helping them to rise and meet it. It is selfless. It doesn’t care about being right or winning. It cares about you choosing right. It is your heart breaking when they go against the goodness in their nature and it is your heart rejoicing when he or she does something so generous and kind for others, that it inspires you to be even better. It is confidence that doesn’t seek to possess, rather to set your soul free.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Our civilization is not Christian. It does not come from the skies. It is not a result of "inspiration." It is the child of invention, of discovery, of applied knowledge -- that is to say, of science. When man becomes great and grand enough to admit that all have equal rights; when thought is untrammeled; when worship shall consist in doing useful things; when religion means the discharge of obligations to our fellow-men, then, and not until then, will the world be civilized.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.(Jesus, in Mark 11:24)
Gabriel Chevallier, Fear: A Novel of World War I|When you are born as a man, you live as a man. When you born as a woman however, you have two choices; to live like a slave, or as a woman. I love the fact that I was born as a woman because I got to make my choices. Who did you chose to be?
Andrew Weil|I came to London. I spent nine months doing domestic work and gardening because I knew I wanted to get a West End show. So, when I was offered jobs in Stoke or Leicester or whatever, I'd say no. Eventually, I got 'Godspell.' It was gently building.
Colson Whitehead, The Intuitionist|Got caught in the rain, I see," - Isabelle Lightwood
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|What are you doing?" Alain asked."Starting a fire, of course." Mari held up the thing in her hand. "It's a fire-starter. A really simple device. Haven't you ever seen one?"Alain shook his head. "Never. That thing seems very complicated. I do not understand how it can work." "How do you start fires?"That was a Guild secret. Or was it? The elders had told him that no Mechanic could understand how it worked. What would this Mechanic say if he told her? "I use my mind to channel power to create a place where it is hot, altering the nature of the illusion there," Alain explained, "and then use my mind to put that heat on what I want to burn.""Oh," Mechanic Mari said. "Is that actually how you visualize the process?""That is how it is done," Alain said."That's...interesting." She grinned. "So, instead of making fire by doing something complicated or hard to understand like striking a flint, you just alter the nature of reality. That is a lot simpler.
Walt Disney|To express the same idea in still another way, I think that human knowledge is essentially active.
Debasish Mridha|Like a bird, my thoughts were flying away so I became a writer to cage my thoughts with paper and pen. You should not call me a writer but rather a catcher of thoughts.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Fiction is like a spider's web, attached ever so lightly perhaps, but still attached to life at all four corners.
Elmar Hussein|You know those giant stuffed-animal prizes at the carnival? The kind practically nobody wins, except the lucky few? I've never won one.""Yeah. I've never won one, either.""Alex was my giant prize. I hated you for taking him away," she admits.I shrug. "Yeah, well, stop hating me. I don't have him, either.""I don't hate you anymore," she says. "I've moved on."I swallow and then say, "Me, too."Carmen chuckles. Then, just as she walks out of the room, I hear her mumble, "Alex sure as hell hasn't.
Johnson Bandi|When our sensitivity to feel pain decreases, so does our sensitivity to feel joy with it.
Billy Collins, The Apple that Astonished Paris|though they know in their adult hearts,even as they threaten to banish Timmy to bedfor his appalling behavior,that their bosses are Big Fatty Stupids,their wives are Dopey Dopeheadsand that they themselves are Mr. Sillypants.
Todd  Johnson, The Sweet By and By|When we attempt to clear up the mess others have made, or when we love the unlovely, we demonstrate the kind of weirdness God likes. We give the lie to the evolutionary survival of the fittest maxim...
Joseph B. Wirthlin|The library is the temple of learning, and learning has liberated more people than all the wars in history.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|When it comes to most true bipolars, consider this thought: Genius by birth, bipolar by design.
Donald Rumsfeld|Frankly, our adversaries are emboldened by the lack of American leadership in the world, and our friends and our allies, they have lost trust in us.
Rufus King|How fortunate, then, that we serve a God who quickens the dead. Who breathes life into the lifeless. Do you not think that a God who formed man out of dust can form a new creation in you?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|That is an artist as I love artists, modest in his needs: he really wants only two things, his bread and his art - panem et Circen.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|Time is the only magic, he said, "And Marids swim through time like the sea. Think: if you hurt yourself, and I bandage it, and after weeks and weeks it gets well and there's no scar, that's not magic at all. But if you hurt yourself and I touch you and it heals in a moment, you'd call me magic before your skin closed. It's not magic to cook a feast, roasting and baking and frying for hours, but if you blink and it's steaming in front of you, it's a spell. If you work for what you want and save for it and plan it out just as precisely as you possibly can, it's not even surprising if you get it on the other side of a month or a year. But if you snap your fingers and it happens as soon as you want t, every wizard will want to know you socially. If you life straight through a hundred years and watch yourself unfold at one second per second, one hour per hour, that's just being alive. If you go faster, you're a time traveler. If you jump over your unfolding and see how it all comes out, that's fate. But's all healing and cooking and planning and living, just the same. The only difference is time.
Alexander Gordon Smith, Lockdown|You don't have friends in here, you'll soon come to understand that. You get attached to someone, then you'll just lose them. They'll get shanked or they'll jump or they'll be taken one night.
P. H. Solomon|Hastra, you think you see, but you don't see this. You never have." Corgren, from The Bow of Destiny
RHETT BURCH|I think in many ways that even though the pages of our future are still blank, even though we are still confounded by the unending choices we make that will forever decide our future, even with all of this uncertainty, the pages of our future seem to be written in invisible ink. It’s as if the pages shutter and grow restless under the weight of this ink, wanting to open up to the final pages to show us we need not worry. But alas the pages seem blank to us, and were it not for faith I too would shutter at the prospect of a future, any future. But it is with this faith that I say come forth with your future, any future you wish. I do not need to know the score, I accept that every ending is right in its own way, and my future and yours will be in harmony with the universe.
Antonin Sertillanges|To say that an idea is fashionable is to say, I think, that it has been adulterated to a point where it is hardly an idea at all.
Colin Kaepernick|Be kind, don't judge, and have respect for others. If we can all do this, the world would be a better place. The point is to teach this to the next generation.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Author refers to, "short silences in which the resolves which colour a life are so often taken.
Anthony Liccione|To be the salt, you also need to be the shaker. To shake the world. Shake the truth. Shake the people. Shake the word. Have it sprinkle, melt and preserve humanity.
Cynthia Hand, Boundless|I love you," he murmurs. "Can you feel that? You. Not some destiny I think I'm called to. You. I'm with you. My strength. My soul. My heart. Feel it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Everyone thinks money is the capital needed to start up a business or any project of choice. I, however, disagree with that ideology. Money is not the capital that you need. Time is the real capital that anyone needs to start up any project.
James Woods|Traditional models of work only let us cross out the needs on the very bottom of the pyramid - basic sustenance. On the flipside, independent employment within the network of the new sharing economy addresses our needs for a sense of community and belonging, autonomy and respect, creativity and problem solving.
Akiroq Brost|If what you want doesn’t occupy space, time and energy in your life. If it doesn’t involve some frustration, exasperation, anger, sadness, or fear; then I dare say: It’s not real! It’s a fairy tale!
Cole Swindell|Anytime that another artist or a critic that is well-respected says something nice about you, you're always thankful and hope that you can live up to that.
William T. Vollmann, The Rifles|You can take the barbarian out of the tavern, but he can take the blood out of your body.
Augustine of Hippo|He loves Thee too little, who loves anything together with Thee, which he loves not for Thy sake.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Green in nature is one thing, green in literature another. Nature and letters seem to have a natural antipathy; bring them together and they tear each other to pieces.
Debasish Mridha|Not fame, but wisdom is the beauty of life.
John P. Kotter|People change. I wouldn't like to be accountable for the interviews I've done, or the person I was when I was 20, 21.
William Lane Craig|5:3 Do Not Wither within Your Area of Expertise...But the lawyer must not allow the client to make a decision that the lawyer believes is wrong without a forceful and effective presentation by the lawyer of his or her position on the subject. When the matter is within the sphere of the lawyer's expertise, the lawyer must not permit the fear of being wrong to devour the lawyer's obligation to urge a course of action which the lawyer believes to be the best." (p.58)
Alan Moore|The more mistakes, the better the story afterwards. Especially if there's a happy ending.
Mohlalefi j motsima|I just meant that a guy who's guarded his heart for so long might not be in the best position to judge.""Ouch.""Sorry." She reached across the cab of the truck and caressed his arm. "I promise to take the sting out of that owie remark as soon as I get you naked."A grin shot to his face. "Now you're talkin' my kind of language.
Nana Awere Damoah, Sebitically Speaking|Charles Williams loved his son with reservations, complaining that "a child is a guest of a somewhat inconsistent temperament, rather difficult to get rid of, almost pushing; a poor relation rather than a pleasant kind.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Does it give you déjà voodoo how alike the houses are?""That's déjà vu, and I hate you right now
Aldous Huxley|So the journey is over and I am back again where I started, richer by much experience and poorer by many exploded convictions, many perished certainties. For convictions and certainties are too often the concomitants of ignorance. Those who like to feel that they are always right and who attach a high importance to their own opinions should stay at home. When one is traveling, convictions are mislaid as easily as spectacles; but unlike spectacles, they are not easily replaced.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|You can always create the space to Review, Redo, and Renew as I teach in my book Release the Power of Re3. If you feel it is time to refresh your brand, take a moment to rethink your relevance and apply my 3-step formula.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|Soon after I began working for the Professor, I realized that he talked about numbers whenever he was unsure of what to say or do. Numbers were also his way of reaching out to the world. They were safe, a source of comfort.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|And the question of Wester religion,” Flattery said, “is: What lies beyond death? But the question of the Zen master is: What lies beyond waking?
Leviak B. Kelly, The Leprechaun Delusion|The virtues developed here in the age range [around the age of 2] of are trust or faith, and will power and self determination according to the Erickson model. The existential questions being addressed here in this stage are, can one trust the world? and, is it alright to be myself?
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|Hearing my story seemed to give him a license he had been longing for someone to give him: the license to believe what he had seen with his own eyes--to KNOW that deep and comforting truth: that our eternal spiritual self is more real than anything we perceive in this physical realm, and has a divine connection to the infinite love of the Creator.
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader|But who is Aslan? Do you know him?""Well-he knows me," said Edmund. "He is the great Lion, the son of the Emperor-beyond-the-Sea, who saved me and saved Narnia.
Jami Attenberg|So we're considering doing a new Christmas album, because there's been Christmas episodes since then, and maybe finally do the version of 'The Most Offensive Song Ever' with lyrics intact.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Your Words Are Vital, They Rule You And You Rule With Them Therefore, Speak Creative Words Always!
Robert Frost|Fragmentary BlueWhy make so much of fragmentary blueIn here and there a bird, or butterfly,Or flower, or wearing-stone, or open eye,When heaven presents in sheets the solid hue?Since earth is earth, perhaps, not heaven (as yet)--Though some savants make earth include the sky;And blue so far above us comes so high,It only gives our wish for blue a whet.
David Norris|How you spend your time is more important than how you spend your money. Money mistakes can be corrected, but time is gone forever.
Thomas Jefferson|...never [enter] into dispute or argument with another. I never saw an instance of one of two disputants convincing the other by argument. I have seen many, on their getting warm, becoming rude, & shooting one another. ... When I hear another express an opinion which is not mine, I say to myself, he has a right to his opinion, as I to mine; why should I question it? His error does me no injury, and shall I become a Don Quixote, to bring all men by force of argument to one opinion? ... There are two classes of disputants most frequently to be met with among us. The first is of young students, just entered the threshold of science, with a first view of its outlines, not yet filled up with the details & modifications which a further progress would bring to their knoledge. The other consists of the ill-tempered & rude men in society, who have taken up a passion for politics. ... Consider yourself, when with them, as among the patients of Bedlam, needing medical more than moral counsel. Be a listener only, keep within yourself, and endeavor to establish with yourself the habit of silence, especially on politics. In the fevered state of our country, no good can ever result from any attempt to set one of these fiery zealots to rights, either in fact or principle. They are determined as to the facts they will believe, and the opinions on which they will act. Get by them, therefore, as you would by an angry bull; it is not for a man of sense to dispute the road with such an animal.
Mark S. Putnam|Standing up for your ethical principles takes courage. Courage is the ability to face danger, difficulty, uncertainty, or pain without being overcome by fear. When you see something happening in the workplace that just doesn’t seem right do you have the courage to stand-up and do something? What are you afraid of? Retribution, disapproval, your image, damaged relationships, or simply the unknown? Courage is about setting aside your fear and taking action for the good of yourself or someone else...approaching the person with whom you have a problem. This is NOT easy. Most of us don’t naturally confront people. To most of us, the courage to actually go up and talk face-to-face takes a superhuman Kristopher Kime level of courage. Your voice trembles, stomach hurts, beads of sweat roll down your face. It certainly FEELS like a life or death struggle. But remember, courage is about facing difficulty without being overcome by fear.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Like it or not, there are people who are capable to love genuinely and kill brutally. The amazing thing about that, few of those could even sleep well like babies in the night.
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|Remember us. Remember us as we used to be, before the universe turned against us. Young, beautiful, strong, brave, admirable, loved, loving...' --Alema Rar
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Her lips are like pillows of warm glass. It is strange to find her resistant for even a second, since she has been the kisser and not the kissed. It wasn't like the last time, which felt fumbling and unnatural. That time wasn't off-putting, just like kissing one's sister. This kiss, my kiss, was tingling sweetness, electric apple blossoms.
Douglas Adams|So, the world is fine. We don’t have to save the world—the world is big enough to look after itself. What we have to be concerned about, is whether or not the world we live in, will be capable of sustaining us in it. That’s what we need to think about.
Shaun Alexander|We may never be as big as WWE, but the cool thing about TNA is that we are the alternative. So people who get tired and bored with the WWE - I've been there, I understand - there's an alternative and something else to watch.
John Ridley|The hypocrisy and false piety of the deniers aside, the relationships of gays have no effect on heteros. Especially all the heteros who've done such a marvelous job of debasing marriage on their own all these many years.
Nora Ephron|There's a reason why forty, fifty, and sixty don't look the way they used to, and it's not because of feminism, or better living through exercise. It's because of hair dye. In the 1950's only 7 percent of American women dyed their hair; today there are parts of Manhattan and Los Angeles where there are no gray-haired women at all.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|The kindest and most meaningful thing anyone ever said to me is: Your mother would be proud of you. ... The strange and painful truth is that I'm a better person because I lost my mom young. When you say you excperienced my writing as sacred, what you are touching is the divine place within me that is my mother. Sugar is the temple I build in my obliterated place. I'd give it all back in a snap, but the fact is, my grief taught me things. ... It required me to suffer. It compelled me to reach.
Aeschylus|Back in the '90s, folks were not sure if they could trust the Web, and frankly, a lot of the services back then didn't provide massive value.
Doris Lessing, On Cats|This was cheering. The real world was still there, it still contained puppies being puppies and cats being cats.
Michelle Painchaud|So what if you hurt him? He'll hurt you. You'll hurt each other. That's what love is about, right? You can't know what'll happen till you actually try it. Don't try to make excuses like you're protecting him.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|Knowing and doing are two separate things, and don't always sync up in life.
Tipper Gore|I'm just so lucky - my office is a racetrack. That is something I'm very thankful for. It's exciting, and it's challenging, and there are a lot of emotions and nerves that come with it, but right there before the gates open, before that minute and a half or two minutes of the race, it just hits you.
Ash Gray, The Thieves of Nottica|Rigg laughed softly at Lisa’s deadpan joke, but she halted when she noticed the back of Lisa’s neck: the factory number had been shaved away, roughly and angrily. Frowning in confusion, Rigg gently rubbed her fingers over the scrape, and Lisa flinched as if it hurt.“If someone saw this, you could be scrapped,” Rigg said anxiously. “I know,” was the soft reply. “I believe freedom is worth that risk.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|…he glanced over his shoulder at her, regarding her, as he often did before they made love, as if she were a lost continent about to be rediscovered.
Sami Abouzid|To Dream The Impossible Dream, Is Something Great We All Should Do
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If you don't find a good teacher, find a good book.
Penelope Douglas, Until You|God works in mysterious ways his wonders to perform, as Reenie used to say. Could it be that Myra is my designated guardian angel? Or is she instead a foretaste of Purgatory? And how do you tell the difference?
Ralph Waldo Emerson|People do not deserve good writing, they are so pleased with bad.
Santosh Kalwar|Science ask facts and religion ask faith, humans are confused between life and death.
J.G. Ballard|Noah gave an exaggerated eye roll. “Just out of curiosity, is this the stupidest thing you’ve ever done?”“It wouldn’t be fair to rank them.” Caleb gunned the engine.
Sydney J. Harris|I believe in process. I believe in four seasons. I believe that winter's tough, but spring's coming. I believe that there's a growing season. And I think that you realize that in life, you grow. You get better.
Mary Rose O'Reilley, The Barn at the End of the World: The Apprenticeship of a Quaker, Buddhist Shepherd|One night I begged Robin, a scientist by training, to watch Arthur Miller's 'Death of a Salesman' with me on PBS. He lasted about one act, then turned to me in horror: 'This is how you spend your days? Thinking about things like this?' I was ashamed. I could have been learning about string theory or how flowers pollinate themselves. I think his remark was the beginning of my crisis of faith. Like so many of my generation in graduate school, I had turned to literature as a kind of substitute for formal religion, which no longer fed my soul, or for therapy, which I could not afford.... I became interested in exploring the theory of nonfiction and in writing memoir, a genre that gives us access to that lost Middlemarch of reflection and social commentary.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|But what he didn't understand was that this dreamland was preferable,walking through this life half-sleeping,everything at arm's length or farther away. I understood those mermaids.I didn't care if they sang to me.All I wanted was to block out all the human voices as they called me name again and again,pulling me upward into light,to drown.
Gift Gugu Mona|- and even though sinners like me can only wish for heaven, my bastard ass has somehow managed to sneak through the door and step into this thing called paradise
Chuck Palahniuk|Language, she said, was just our way to explain away the wonder and glory of the world. To deconstruct. To dismiss. She said people can't deal with how beautiful the world really is. How it can't be explained and understood.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|But in the real world, you couldnt really just split a family down the middle, mom on one side, dad the other, with the child equally divided between. It was like when you ripped a piece of paper into two: no matter how you tried, the seams never fit exactly right again. It was what you couldn't see, those tiniest of pieces, that were lost in the severing, and their absence kept everything from being complete.
Landon Parham, First Night of Summer|All things, even the deepest sorrow or the most profound happiness are all temporary. Hope is fuel for the soul, without hope, forward motion ceases.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Have you ever met someone and felt… I don't know how to describe it, felt a chance at having something that eluded you? I don't know… Forget I said anything."I knew what he meant. He was describing that moment when you realize that you are lonely. For a time you can be alone and doing fine and never give a thought to living any other way and then you meet someone and suddenly you become lonely. It stabs at you, almost like a physical pain, and you feel both deprived and angry, deprived because you wish to be with that person and angry, because their absence brings you misery. It's a strange feeling, akin to desperation, a feeling that makes you wait by the phone even though you know that the call is an hour away. I was not going to lose my balance. Not yet.
Kemi Sogunle|You can have all the titles in the world but if you cannot treat others as you would yourself, you have no love to give!
Steven Brust|The Cool Stuff Theory of Literature is as follows: All literature consists of whatever the writer thinks is cool. The reader will like the book to the degree that he agrees with the writer about what's cool. And that works all the way from the external trappings to the level of metaphor, subtext, and the way one uses words. In other words, I happen not to think that full-plate armor and great big honking greatswords are cool. I don't like 'em. I like cloaks and rapiers. So I write stories with a lot of cloaks and rapiers in 'em, 'cause that's cool. Guys who like military hardware, who think advanced military hardware is cool, are not gonna jump all over my books, because they have other ideas about what's cool.The novel should be understood as a structure built to accommodate the greatest possible amount of cool stuff.
Lee Siegel|Literary art's sudden, startling truth and beauty make us feel, in the most solitary part of us, that we are not alone, and that there are meanings that cannot be bought, sold or traded, that do not decay and die. This socially and economically worthless experience is called transcendence, and you cannot assign a paper, or a grade, or an academic rank, on that. Literature is too sacred to be taught. It needs only to be read.
Linda Vester|There is no such whetstone, to sharpen a good wit and encourage a will to learning, as is praise.
N. Scott Momaday|We are what we imagine. Our very existence consists in our imagination of ourselves. Our best destiny is to imagine, at least, completely, who and what, and that we are. The greatest tragedy that can befall us is to go unimagined.
David Mitchell, Black Swan Green|Trees're always a relief, after people.
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|Appeal. Guy's like you get all excited about the appeal. Don't you see that I view the very existence of an appeal as a disastrous failure? No much worse, a personal affront of the highest order for which I blame you.
Maud Casey, Genealogy|Those women who had gone out with Germans were grabbed and treated very badly, often shaved totally bald so that everyone could see who they were. Some were taken prisoners. There had been so much suffering during the war because of the betrayal of those collaborators, so many killed and hurt because of what they had done to families, that the mood for revenge against the traitors was very high. It was not right, but it was understandable.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|That stormy day in the desert, however, much changed for me. We must have our goals, our dreams and we must strive for them. We are not gods, however; we do not have the power to shape every aspect of the future. And the road the world makes for us is one that teaches humility if we are willing to learn.
David A. Bednar|We never feel Christ to be a reality, until we feel Him to be a necessity.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|As the theologian Alan Jones has said:One of our problems is that very few of us have developed any distinctive personal life. Everything about us seems secondhand, even our emotions. In many cases we have to rely on secondhand information in order to function. I accept the word of a physician, a scientist, a farmer, on trust. I do not like to do this. I have to because they possess vital knowledge of living of which I am ignorant. Secondhand information concerning the state of my kidneys, the effects of cholesterol, and the raising of chickens, I can live with. But when it comes to questions of meaning, purpose, and death, secondhand information will not do. I cannot survive on a secondhand faith in a secondhand God. There has to be a personal word, a unique confrontation, if I am to come alive.
Don Richard Riso|The testimony of the greatest humans who have ever lived is that the way to make the most of ourselves is by transcending ourselves. We must learn to move beyond self-centeredness to make room within ourselves for others. When you transcend yourself, the fact will be confirmed by the quality of your life. We will attain – even if only momentarily – a transparency and a radiance of being which results from living both within and beyond yourself. This is the promise and the excitement of self-understanding.
Desmond Tutu|Differences are not intended to separate, to alienate. We are different precisely in order to realize our need of one another.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|From today onward, you will learn how to become evangelical about the many ways you help people.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The more we construct lives that prioritize safety, the bigger the prison we construct around ourselves.
Erik Pevernagie|Our choices define who we are when we make them. Therefore, we always have the power to change and choose who we are.
Lorii Myers, Targeting Success, Develop the Right Business Attitude to be Successful in the Workplace|You have had many successes, and you have earned the right to be respected.
Daryl Hannah|I love meeting people, and I know it's so difficult for people to come up to me and introduce themselves, so when they do, I'll grab them and hug them. It makes their day, you know? I love that, and I get positive energy from that.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|When women with class power opportunistically use a feminist platform while undermining feminist politics that helps keep in place a patriarchal system that will ultimately re-subordinate them, they do not just betray feminism; they betray themselves.
Travis Bradberry|I believe that two people are connected at the heart, and it doesn't matter what you do, or who you are or where you live; there are no boundaries or barriers if two people are destined to be together.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|What is gone is gone and will not come back. When the earth swallows, it swallows forever and we are left to stumble along feeling the absences. These are our burdens.
Margaret Feinberg, The Organic God|Scripture breathes wisdom like we breathe oxygen. It can't not. Through Scripture, God reveals himself. This wisdom cannot be captured, let alone contained, on a neon bumper sticker or rubber bracelet. Wisdom itself invites us to go deeper- right into a relationship with God himself.Through wisdom, we learn to love God and love what he loves. We find rich counsel on the life we were meant for- in our families, communities, and world. We discover our personal responsibilities to others. And we unearth how to put love into action." -Organic God
Christina Ricci|For me, when I do my best acting, it's mainly imagination. Then I really have a lot of fun with it.
Tim Wise, White Like Me: Reflections on Race from a Privileged Son|If God wanted humans to play chess, he would have made us black or white.
David Lynch|Sometimes in life, we try to do our very best to help others, and in the process, it brings some anguish to us. But we can't ever let that stop us. We can't ever be stopped from helping others and allowing them to have some sense of happiness and joy in their life.
John F. Kennedy|Parentage is a very important profession, but no test of fitness for it is ever imposed in the interest of the children.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|My experience showed me that the death of the body and the brain are not the end of consciousness, that human experience continues beyond the grave. More important, it continues under the gaze of a God who loves and cares about each one of us and about where the Universe itself and all the beings withing it are ultimately goind.
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|In fairy tales the evil characters disappear or die, in reality, evil spreads while you wait for your hero on a horse, only to realise the sword to save yourself was always in your hand...
Mark Russell|Of course, with any new technology, the question in the back of everyone's mind is 'Can I have sex with it or use it to kill people?'-Flintstones Vol. 2: Bedrock Bedlam
David Foster Wallace|For me, boviscopophobia (=the morbid fear of being seen as bovine) is an even stronger motive than semi-agoraphobia for staying on the ship when we're in port.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|No, it’s not fair, but what makes earth feel like Hell is our expectation that it should feel like Heaven. Earth is earth. Dead is dead. You’ll find out for yourself soon enough. It won’t help the situation for you to get all upset.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Arise from sleep, old cat,And with great yawns and stretchings...Amble out for love
Seth Godin|Perfection: a collection of a variety of pieces that, when viewed and felt individually, are difficult and confusing; but when brought together as one, create a perfect picture. Symphony, harmony, serenity.
J.C. Patrick, The Reinvention of Janey|There is never a bad joke, it's adressing to a wrong audience that makes it look bad!
Siri Hustvedt, The Blindfold|I imagined Stephen's companion was a beautiful woman. Her form and coloring changed with my moving thoughts, but the idea that she existed remained to nag at me, and even though she was only a spook of my jealousy, I couldn't stop the surge of fantasies about her and Stephen. By the time I left the library, I had invented several elaborate plots involving the two of them.
Unotjari Festus Kavari|When they think about Africa, they think about War, Poverty, Hunger and Diseases.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What I would be quite wise to remember is that ‘pieces’ are not the end of what was, but the beginning of what is to be.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|He pouted—full on pouted. A prince. Pouting. - Kara, re: Braeden
A.G. Howard|Some say that you should turn your face from the light of the moon. They say it makes you mad.I turn my face towards it and I laugh.Make me mad, I whisper. Go on, make Mina mad.I laugh again.Some people think that she's already mad, I think.
David Wondrich, Punch: The Delights (and Dangers) of the Flowing Bowl|He dozed off, into a dreamless oblivion, for what seemed like seconds but was in fact hours, and awoke hungover, the inner surface of his skull pulsing like a single, giant nerve being chewed by some ruminant animal.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|You are you. Now, isn't that pleasant?
Bert Murray, Colin Preston Rocked And Rolled|How far is too far? When you love a band so much that its songs fill the empty spaces inside your head and heart, is that too far?
Rich Mullins|Another tear appeared and then another, trailing silently down her cheeks. This was so much harder than she’d thought it would be. She was usually so articulate, yet at the moment her brain seemed to have turned to mush.He turned his head to kiss the tears from her cheek, and it was as though his act of tenderness finally unleashed the truth that was struggling to emerge.
William Trevor, The Story of Lucy Gault|Calamity shaped a life when, long ago, chance was so cruel.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Never give up. It's like breathing—once you quit, your flame dies letting total darkness extinguish every last gasp of hope. You can't do that. You must continue taking in even the shallowest of breaths, continue putting forth even the smallest of efforts to sustain your dreams. Don't ever, ever, ever give up.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Every snowflake is unique, yet they are each perfect.
Shannon L. Alder|Don’t waste your time trying to explain yourself to people that are committed to misunderstanding you. Instead, commit your time to explaining who they are to them. When you get a person to see the positive similarities you share, it begins to restore the loss of respect between you.
Arrian, The Campaigns of Alexander|There is always much to be learned from bad times, and to many people who prosper, they get good lessons from bad times inorder to find the way out.
Peter Abrahams|Being liked by the boys and girls on the bus doesn't necessarily earn you the respect of the people back home. Standing up to them, giving as good as you get, all that helps.
Amy Carmichael|I have rightfully no other business each day but to do God's work as a servant, constantly regarding His pleasure. May I have grace to live above every human motive, simply with God and to God.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you go, never forget to be the messenger and cause of happiness.
Criss Jami|It is not enough to call yourself a 'free thinker' just because you can change your beliefs. A whole mess of people change their beliefs based on what is fashionable rather than what is factual, which, by always following the crowd, would be the complete opposite of the beauty of a free thinker.
Suki Waterhouse|When you're surrounded by all these people, it can be even lonelier than when you're by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don't feel like you can trust anybody or talk to anybody, you feel like you're really alone.
Stein Willard|If we are really committed, we better get start taking care of our shit.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|Dragons think we are amusing. But they remember Erreth-Akbe. They speak of him as if he were a dragon, not a man.
Deyth Banger|If you repeat something enough times, you will learn it. That's how it works!
Benjamin Franklin, The Way to Wealth|Vessels large may venture more, But little boats should keep near shore.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|It's called the kindness of a fellow human being. You should try it sometime, ya fuck.
Martha Graham, Blood Memory|I have heard stories that it was love at first sight for both of us, that we disappeared to a guest room at Merle's house, had our meals sent up, and didn't emerge for several days. This is absolutely untrue. I would never behave like that as a guest in someone's home. Carlos and I went to my beach house. 
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|My knees were weak but he held me with one hand, guiding me with the motion of his hips. I was completely his to do with what he wanted and he knew it.
Sorin Suciu, In Memory: A Tribute to Sir Terry Pratchett|If you're trying to figure out why something's not working,” Old Lou had explained, “just focus on the things that do work. Move through those things first and eventually you'll find the one part that's stuck.
Martin Filler|Ending poverty calls for humility, honesty, freedom from ideology and refusal to accept cruel simplicities about anyone's human potential. It requires listening to the wisdom and cutting the nonsense from both the Right and the Left.
Lorrie Moore, Birds of America|The night before, a whole day could have shape and design. But when it was upon you, it could vanish tragically to air.
Newt Gingrich and William R Forstchen, To Try Men's Souls|For a long time, I thought I was good at relationships because I was charming.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|…Having been, not only mutilated in our country, wounded in our very flesh, but also divested of our most beautiful images, for you gave the world a hateful and ridiculous version of them. The most painful thing to bear is seeing a mockery made of what one loves.
Jacqueline Woodson, Another Brooklyn|Who hasn't walked through a life of small tragedies? 'Sister Sonja often asked me, as though to understand the depth and breadth of human suffering would be enough to pull me outside of my own.
Sophia Bush|I always write things that entertain me, and one of the things that I find really enjoyable to explore is the idea of love. I like looking at my own life and my friends and family and how love changes who you are. It fascinates me.
Virginia Woolf, Moments of Being|If life has a base that it stands upon, if it is a bowl that one fills and fills and fills - than my bowl without a doubt stands upon this memory.
J.E. Negrete|Inspiration do not come and cannot be found, it has to exist - somewhere, somehow. Do believe that what you are doing is the most important thing in this world, and do believe that your words can be magical. Because I know they can be and I know they are. If you feel that you are lost in your own mind, don’t think, just write. Sometimes we have to erase our thoughts and memories to gain enough strength to be able to write down our inner thoughts. If you don’t know what it is, if you think it’s ridiculous or silly, you’re definitely on the right way. Sometimes you will hate your words and sometimes you will love them. This is the fun part of greatness in which the other part definitely will be your devil. Remember; with greatness comes obstacles.
Alfred Nobel|Clouds do not really look like camels or sailing ships or castles in the sky. They are simply a natural process at work. So too, perhaps, are our lives.
Godfrey Orateng|Don't Give Up On Your Dreams,One Day They Will Become Reality And One Day Might Be Today.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|Stirton's work, he says, is now all about investigation. 'You literally are trying to find out what's happening and, finally, manoeuvre yourself to the point where you can take a picture, and then you're presented with a 20-minute window where it's: Okay, now get your picture!' His voice is charged with emotion. 'Fucking angst and worry and, you know, FEAR of failure – every aspect of that comes into those 20 minutes, so it's a very intense experience. So when I make those pictures, I'm worried; I’m nervous.
Tullian Tchividjian|In e-commerce, your prices have to be better because the consumer has to take a leap of faith in your product.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Being in touch with your strengths and weaknesses, as well as what motivates you, will help you be more successful in your job.
Anna Quindlen, A Short Guide to a Happy Life|All of us want to do well. But if we do not do good, too, then doing well will never be enough.
Gail Giles, Dark Song|Marilynn...passed out black cases to everyone. I opened mine to find an iPad inside. Several candidates whistled. Despite my agitated state, it impressed me too. Maybe wizard school wasn’t going to be as lame as I had thought.“All of your schedules and assignments will be done on these,” Marilynn explained. “The whole school is on these. We’ve had them for awhile now.
James Lankford|My wife loves to get all dressed up and go out, and I'm this gloomy Virgo. It works because of the mutual recognition that we are two democratic narcissists. She does what she has to do, and I do what I have to do. We respect that.
Cass Sunstein|I have the same sense of discovery and exhilaration from objects of design and everyday use - I am inspired by the buildings in my city, by park greenery and dazzling store windows, by the jaunty strollers and umbrellas and billboards I walk past. Just strolling our streets, we encounter creativity every single day.
Christina Westover|It may be escapist, but if I have a choice between watching the news or reading a book which gets me to see the world through different eyes, I will always choose the latter!
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Whether this blood was daemon, human, or something else, it was still only blood, and blood was only the ink of life.
James Mercer|We can't shame women for trying to be beautiful. That's so mean and unfair. But there's a part of me that thinks it's really sad, too. It's very complicated.
William Dean Howells|She had conquered, but she had also necessarily lost much. Perhaps what she had lost was not worth keeping; but at any rate she had lost it.
Ed Sheeran|And I will stop trying to fall in love again, and keep it a secret. It never works out anyway
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|The dead can be even more frustrating to deal with than are many of the living, which is astonishing when you consider it's the living who run the Department of Motor Vehicles.
Leo Tolstoy, Kreutzer Sonata and Family Happiness|I led the life of so many other so-called respectable people,—that is, in debauchery. And like the majority, while leading the life of a debauche, I was convinced that I was a man of irreproachable morality.
Ray Kroc|I work so hard to make that sure I'm successful. If you're positive and really excited and enthusiastic about what you're doing, it's going to happen, and it's going to happen big time.
Jeffrey Zaslow, The Girls from Ames: A Story of Women and Friendship|Here's what we'll do. We're going to keep you at the end of our fishing line. And if you ever need anything, you just give a little tug and we'll reel you back in.
Toby Forward, Dragonborn|Flaxfield died on a Friday which was a shame, because he always ate a trout for dinner on Friday, and it was his favourite.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|At critical moments the veil between the little-self and the deep self thins and a meaningful self-adjustment becomes possible. If a person does not become paralyzed with fear or frozen in hatred, the wise self hidden within will rise to the occasion.
Harmony Korine|If Wagner lived today, he would probably work with film instead of music. He already knew back then that the Great Art Form would include a sort of fourth dimension; it was really film he was talking about.
Heather     James, Fire|Vincent laughed. "No, you still need to look like a Helian.""So I should burn everything to a crisp?""Well, that would definitely get your mother's attention, but I think that she's looking for something more sophisticated and less... scary.
Maya Lin|We wanted to solve robot problems and needed some vision, action, reasoning, planning, and so forth. We even used some structural learning, such as was being explored by Patrick Winston.
Deyth Banger|Here is one fact 1 minute to finish the class, 1 day to die, one day behind that fact, one day in that fact, one day before my birthday will come, one day before I will finish... (So far one day is popular... that's a fact called itself zipf law... )...Call it how you want, but for my it's zipfy law!
Blakney Francis, Someone I Used to Know|I hate clowns. I've mentioned that, right?
Sam Whitehouse, The Prophecy of Three: The Keys of Time|I’ve never paid any attention to time. Dancer says I’ve enjoyed a luxury most people never have. He hates clocks and watches and everything that has to do with time. He says people already have too many lost days and that most folks live in the past or the future but never the present, always saying stuff like “I’m unhappy because ‘X’ happened to me yesterday, or I’ll be happy again when ‘Y’ happens to me tomorrow.” He says time is the ultimate villain.
Kristen Butler|Instead of looking at what's depressing, look at what's a blessing.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Because in the end, we die. It’s like Chekhov observed in so many of his plays: ‘in two hundred years, no one will even know we were here.
Alfred Lord Tennyson|When we meet real tragedy in life, we can react in two ways - either by losing hope and falling into self-destructive habits, or by using the challenge to find our inner strength. Thanks to the teachings of Buddha, I have been able to take this second way.
Mark Carwardine, Last Chance to See|In every remote corner of the world there are people like Carl Jones and Don Merton who have devoted their lives to saving threatened species. Very often, their determination is all that stands between an endangered species and extinction.But why do they bother? Does it really matter if the Yangtze river dolphin, or the kakapo, or the northern white rhino, or any other species live on only in scientists' notebooks?Well, yes, it does. Every animal and plant is an integral part of its environment: even Komodo dragons have a major role to play in maintaining the ecological stability of their delicate island homes. If they disappear, so could many other species. And conservation is very much in tune with our survival. Animals and plants provide us with life-saving drugs and food, they pollinate crops and provide important ingredients or many industrial processes. Ironically, it is often not the big and beautiful creatures, but the ugly and less dramatic ones, that we need most.Even so, the loss of a few species may seem irrelevant compared to major environmental problems such as global warming or the destruction of the ozone layer. But while nature has considerable resilience, there is a limit to how far that resilience can be stretched. No one knows how close to the limit we are getting. The darker it gets, the faster we're driving.There is one last reason for caring, and I believe that no other is necessary. It is certainly the reason why so many people have devoted their lives to protecting the likes of rhinos, parakeets, kakapos, and dolphins. And it is simply this: the world would be a poorer, darker, lonelier place without them.
Michael Smith|You cannot control life, but you can change the way you see life.Animals other than man are more fulfilled, because they have less mind blocking life, but they are stuck with the perspective and perception they are born with. We (human beings) can greatly improve our perception by learning the ultimate truth.All the problems we have stem from people not knowing the truth of life.
Albert Camus|I knew a man who gave twenty years of his life to a scatterbrained woman, sacrificing everything to her, his friendships, his work, the very respectability of his life and who one evening recognized that he had never loved her. He had been bored, thats all, bored like most people. Hence he had made himself out of whole cloth a life full of complications and drama. Something must happen and that explains most human commitments. Something must happen even loveless slavery, even war or death.
Nawal El Saadawi|There is one timeless way of building. It is a thousand years old, and the same today as it has ever been. The great traditional buildings of the past, the villages and tents and temples in which man feels at home, have always been made by people who were very close to the center of this way.
Auliq Ice|They may not like what you have to say, but it is better to express how you feel.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|Is not the pastness of the past the more profound, the more legendary, the more immediately it falls before the present ?
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|Big events, small, mundane moments of the day–it doesn’t matter; the past will find a way to squeeze into the present–if you let it.
Timothy Dolan|If the individual is to be happy in the contemporary order, he must be open-minded with respect to new values and new arrangements.
Josephine Hart, The truth about love|And if I was bewildered through those decades, totally bewildered, so was the country I came from. The majority, what was the phrase? 'Condemn utterly what is happening, this barbarity.' But that's all we did. Condemn. And march. But not often enough.
John   Kramer, Blythe|It seems to me that evil is a kind of ultimate greed, a greed that is so all-encompassing that it can't ever see anything lovely, rare, or precious without wanting to possess it. A greed so total that if it can't possess these things, it will destroy them rather than chance that someone else might have them. And a greed so intense that even having these things never causes it to lessen one iota -- the lovely, the rare and the precious never affect it except to make it want them.
Susan Sontag, Reborn: Journals and Notebooks, 1947-1963|Solitude produces originality, bold and astonishing beauty, poetry. But solitude also produces perverseness, the disproportianate, the absurd and the forbidden.
Teresa L. DeCicco, PhD|A jeweler will prefer the smallest fragment of diamond to several sapphires; and so, in the order established by God, our intimacy with Him gives Him more glory than all possible good, procured by us, for a great number of souls, but to the detriment of our own progress. Our Heavenly Father, “who devotes Himself more to the direction of a soul in which He reigns, than to the natural government of the whole universe and to the civil government of all empires,” looks for this harmony in our zeal.
David Nicholls, One Day|And there it is again, the look. There's no doubt about it, if Sylvie had a receipt, she would have taken him back by now; this one's gone wrong. It's not what I wanted.
E. T. A. Hoffmann|My experience as a school nurse taught me that we need to make a concerted effort, all of us, to increase physical fitness activity among our children and to encourage all Americans to adopt a healthier diet that includes fruits and vegetables, but there is more.
Theodore Sturgeon, Weird Shadows From Beyond: An Anthology Of Strange Stories|When I have been listened to and when I have been heard, I am able to re-perceive my world in a new way and to go on. It is astonishing how elements that seem insoluble become soluble when someone listens, how confusions that seem irremediable turn into relatively clear flowing streams when one is heard. I have deeply appreciated the times that I have experienced this sensitive, empathic, concentrated listening.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Father, I trust in you!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Flowers and fruits are always fit presents; flowers, because they are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world.
Bahauddin, The Drowned Book: Ecstatic and Earthy Reflections of the Father of Rumi|Not every murderer is known, not every death is recorded, not every human being in the history of mankind is remembered and not every God’s name is memorised by me. That doesn’t mean they don’t exist, Dr.Mukherjee.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Joy and grief were mingled in the cup; but there were no bitter tears: for even grief itself arose so softened, and clothed in such sweet and tender recollections, that it became a solemn pleasure, and lost all character of pain
Cynthia Heimel, Sex Tips For Girls: Lust, Love, and Romance from the Lives of Single Women|Prune these alleged friends ruthlessly from your life. You need all the positive reinforcement you can get. You need friends who think you're fabulous, an angel in human shape, and a breath of springtime.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|God is the Master Author of your life. He has written every page of your life story in His eternal book. It's up to you to turn up the pages and move on with the next chapter or just get yourself stuck in the same content over and over again."- Elizabeth's Quotes
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|John Hay calls the telegraph reporter, "the natural enemy of the scribe.
Angel M.B. Chadwick|I don't always believe in God, but, I believe something is amiss.
Morrissey|They said they respect me, which means, their judgment is crazy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is a great joy to open a new path; and then, it is a greater joy to see new people on this new path; but the greatest joy is to see the new people opening many more brand new paths via this new path!
Julien Smith, The Flinch|So if you see no one like you, no one who agrees, don't worry. There are actually hundreds of people like you, and they're waiting for a leader. That person is you.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|To set up what you like against what you dislike, this is the disease of the mind.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Love is a funny thing. It’s not at all what you expect it to be. But if you have to stand out on the corner to prove it, then maybe it’s better not to be in love at all." - excerpt from: freefalling
Lita Burke, Ephraim's Curious Device|We learned the seven traditional ways to make words unclear.""Seven? That many? Which was the most effective?""Poor grammar skills.
David A. Bednar|Obviously, fans are the beginning and end for any artist. The minute your fans embrace you and accept you, you begin this ride of being in music and having a career doing something you love. You get to go be a kid and live out your dreams by performing music for fans who come out to your shows.
Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Hell Screen|The Zodiac had rearranged itself into a precise grid of bright points with luminous tails. It was as though the whole planet had been caught in some great closing net, the knots of its mesh aglow with St. Elmo's fire. It was beautiful. It was terrifying.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|I get nostalgic for British negativity. There is an inherent hope and positive drive to New Yorkers. When you go back to Britain, everybody is just running everything down. It's like whatever the opposite of a hug is.
Ronald Reagan|You can only have the courage and strength to do what you think is right. It may turn out to be wrong, but you will at least have done it, and that is the important thing. We must act according to the best dictates of our reason, and then leave God to judge its ultimate value.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Why is man the being who won in the world of emptiness, dethroning all animal species? For he is closest to the perfection of emptiness.
Blair Underwood|Back when 'social' had a broad definition, you could almost say that Yahoo Finance chat was the first social product.
Lindsey Vonn|I try to stick to a certain diet all the time, and then when I feel like a reward, I have it. I try to stick to no dairy, no sugar, no wheat.
William Barclay, The Letters to the Philippians, Colossians, and Thessalonians|To see what God is like, we must look at Jesus. He perfectly represents God to men in a form which they can see and know and understand.
Idries Shah|Social intelligence was therefore always at a high premium. A sharp sense of empathy can make a huge difference, and with it in an ability to manipulate, to gain cooperation, and to deceive.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|You've got to have someone who loves your body. Who doesn't define you, but sees you. Who loves what he sees. Who you don't have to struggle to be good enough for.
Courtney E. Martin, Do It Anyway: The New Generation of Activists|Liberating ourselves from the traditional strictures of marriage altogether, and/or transforming those strictures to include all of us -- gay, feminist, career-focused, baby crazy, monogamous, non-monogamous, skeptical, romantic, and everyone in between -- is the challenge facing this generation. As we consciously opt out or creatively reimagine marriage one loving couple at a time, we'll be able to shift societal expectations wholesale, freeing younger generations from some of the antiquated assumptions we've faced (that women always want to get married and men always shy away from commitment, that gender parity somehow disempowers men, that turning 30 makes an unmarried woman into an old maid).
Geoffrey Wood|Joy is that paradox where a man so trusts, is so enraptured, as to be caught up and lost in the other, while at the same time, being utterly known by the other, thus utterly himself.
Douglas MacArthur|Build me a son, O Lord, who will be strong enough to know when he is weak, and brave enough to face himself when he is afraid; one who will be proud and unbending in honest defeat, and humble and gentle in victory.Build me a son whose wishbone will not be where his backbone should be; a son who will know Thee and that to know himself is the foundation stone of knowledge.Lead him, I pray, not in the path of ease and comfort, but under the stress and spur of difficulties and challenge. Here let him learn to stand up in the storm; here let him learn compassion for those who fail.Build me a son whose heart will be clean, whose goal will be high; a son who will master himself before he seeks to master other men; one who will learn to laugh, yet never forget how to weep; one who will reach into the future, yet never forget the past.And after all these things are his, add, I pray, enough of a sense of humor, so that he may always be serious, yet never take himself too seriously. Give him humility, so that he may always remember the simplicity of greatness, the open mind of true wisdom, the meekness of true strength.Then I, his father, will dare to whisper, "I have not lived in vain.
Brian Tracy, Eat That Frog!: 21 Great Ways to Stop Procrastinating and Get More Done in Less Time|Nothing made sense. Every decision felt wrong. Every direction I looked led down a path I was unaware about. For years I have worked toward one goal, stayed focused on one place I wanted to get. But now that goal felt like it wasn't quite right.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey|May your adventures bring you closer together, even as they take you far away from home.
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|God gave you them shoes to fit you, so put them on and wear them. Be yourself man, be proud of who you are. Even if it sounds corny, don’t let no one tell you, you ain’t beautiful.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|It goes in streaks. But some things never go out of fashion.' Hunger artists, fat folks, giants, and dog acts come and go but real freaks never lose their appeal.
Kumar Mangalam Birla|It is time to stop debating whether the Internet is an effective tool for political expression and instead to address the much more urgent question of how digital technology can be structured, governed, and used to maximize the good and minimize the evil.
Irving Berlin|Every child's taste is different. Don't worry if they're not reading 'War and Peace' at age 12. First, build a good foundation and a positive attitude about reading by letting them pick the stories they enjoy. Make friends with a bookseller or librarian. They are a wealth of information on finding books that kids enjoy.
Garrett Hedlund|This place? Nothing positive. OK, I want to say something positive. It's positively a dump.
Geoffrey Hosking, The First Socialist Society: A History of the Soviet Union from Within|One can be an orthodox Church in every way: great structure, good theology, excellent sermons and teaching, lots of giving; but if the Great commission is not taught and obeyed, it is a heretical church.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|It was the day after Thanksgiving. I was the 3 p.m. backwaiter, but the trains were running irregularly, and while I had heard one sighing into the station as I ran down the stairs, my card was out of money. Which is to say, I was late.
Donatella Versace|It is difficult to be famous and that successful where you can't even walk down the street without people chasing you, and having people build monuments to you and worshiping you - all that stuff - but I never took that to a place where I believed it. I saw it as being temporary and a phase.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, A Young Muslim's Guide to the Modern World|In the traditional Islamic world, the hierarchy of the arts was not based on whether they were "fine" or "industrial" or "minor". It was based upon the effect of art on the soul of the human being.
victor adeagbo|I believe that everyone is a hero, a leader, a volunteer, a teacher and a champion of change. All we need to do is acknowledge and understand this and then help others to also understand the same. That’s all it takes to be a hero, a leader, a volunteer, a teacher and a champion of change.
Vironika Tugaleva|These times are hard, but I won't walk away jaded, darker, different. I feel. I cry to heal. If you saw me in those moments, maybe you'd think I was a mess. But I don't call it a mess. I call it strength.Real strength isn't about building walls. Real strength is about staying open, no matter what. It's about taking life—with all the pleasures that fade and all the pain that sticks around for too long—and not shutting down, not closing down, not building up those walls.Resilience isn't hard, impenetrable, iron. Resilience is flexible, soft, warm. Stay strong. The real kind of strong. Don't let your automatic mind reflexes make you jump away from pain and towards pleasure. Make choices. See clearly. And never, ever, stop feeling.Don't go numb. The world, even with all its horror, is too beautiful to miss.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|It means something, but it doesn't change anything.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|As a child, I used to wonder why markets in my locality were all situated near the main roads. I grew up a little to get the answer; “that business minded people can meet there easily!" Your dream must be situated where they can meet people!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|A good example is the best gift you can offer to your children. In your absence, your example is present, which means you are present always!
William Maxwell, The Folded Leaf|When he turned and walked into the living room he knew instantly why it was that he hadn’t wanted to come here, and that he ought to get out as soon as he possibly could. There, staring him in the face, was everything he’d been deprived of for the last five years.
Henry de Monfreid|N'ayez jamais peur de la vie, n'ayez jamais peur de l'aventure, faites confiance au hasard, à la chance, à la destinée. Partez, allez conquérir d'autres espaces, d'autres espérances. Le reste vous sera donné de surcroît.
Jason Lee|It sounds really cheesy, but I've just really been so focused on making sure that I am nice to everyone that I work with and making the effort to get to know the people on set, whether it's the catering crew or the famous photographer.
Rob Liano|Yesterday is the history chapter in the book of life, isn't it time you turned the page?
Kat Stiles, Connected|I suppose you'll not let me rest until I admit that I like your company?""You're getting to know me well...""Very well, I'll admit. You're slightly more than tolerable.
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree|(A murderer about their victim:)"He was an expert in vicarious death. I should like to have been there to see how he enjoyed the real thing.
akash khialani|If we ignorantly act to solely serve our agenda, we’re simply slogging around in the egocentric and brackish backwaters of selfishness. Any response that comes out of that kind of cesspool will be vulgarly irresponsible.
Joyce Carol Oates, Carthage|I know that there are many essential biological differences between the sexes, of course. But not so many ‘culturally-mandated’ differences. In First World countries we’ve evolved beyond mere biology -it isn’t the fate of the human female to be pregnant continously until she wears out and dies.
Debbie Ford|Athletes are used to battling. The public would never learn their names if professional athletes had not shown courage at an early age. They learn they can overcome, but sometimes this becomes a false sense of security that leads them to the edge.
Paul Murray|The Americans’ great wealth (and their great love for it) makes it precisely the appropriate metaphor. Supply and Demand as a principle has permeated their minds. As a practice, it stains all the way down to their souls.
Paul Tautges, Pray about Everything: Cultivating God-Dependency|Just as the expansion and contraction of our lungs in necessary for the continuance of our physical life, so regular fellowship with God in prayer is essential to our spiritual well-being. Without prayer our spiritual lives will shrivel up and return to an infantile state.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Every time you praise something, every time you appreciate something, every time you feel good about something, you are telling the Universe, "More of this, Please." You need never again make another verbal statement of this intent, and if you were allowing your cork to float - all good things would flow to you.
Leonardo da Vinci|I am blessed for what I have, but I believed in it from the beginning. Today, the dream is the same: I still want to travel, I still want to entertain, and I most certainly still want to have fun.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|Honesty is not the same as truth. That is the obstacle of the notion of relative truths. I would like to put my trust in the lunatic. He is the one least concerned of what I think of him, the mark of an honest man. I can always depend on him to be completely honest in what he thinks and feels, about anything, no matter the consequences laid before him, however with no course of rationale, I cannot necessarily take his word for even the well-being of him in his own reality.
Jonathan Chamberlain Williams|Hey, have you heard that one about the difference between me, Wit, and my loutish cousin, Hilarity? No? Okay, so I walk into a bar, you see, very unassuming, and order a martini. Then the bartender, Hilarity, hauls off and squirts me in the face with a seltzer bottle, ruining my n ice new camel hair suit, dousing my monocle and my watch fob, soaking my cravat. So, do I let him have what for, and blow my top? I do not. I simply say:Sorry, I believe I said 'very dry'.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|He grinned at her. “Well, then I have a bit of a confession to make. Colin said some things to me and the sound of his voice irritated me so I had one of those clowns with the big red noses in the paediatric wing turn him into a balloon animal. A giraffe I’m afraid. Sad fate it was,” Alessandro joked with no sign of remorse at all.
Eric Schmidt|Man, I don't want to have nothing to do with computers. I don't want the government in my business.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|For some reason, notwithstanding the alienation and utter rejection, I consider myself a global citizen. They say misery calls for company and I’ve always been a man of funerals. The companion of the misfortunate, until they are not!
L.E. Sterling, True Born|In Dominion they have a saying about the Lasters. Those who can, Splice. Everyone else comes in Last.
Miya Yamanouchi|If you knew how great is a mother's love, you would have no fear.
John Owen Theobald, These Dark Wings|In a fight to the death,I would in no doubt throw the fight.signed.....A pacifist
Agatha Christie, The Moving Finger|Talk for people and not about them. Unless you have love in your heart, refrain from discussing another person.
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|A love letter can be very short or it can be long; it can be literary or non-literary; it can be bright or dark, cheerful or tragic. But above all, for a love letter to be a love letter it must be sincere!
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|It is foolish to wish for beauty. Sensible people never either desire it for themselves or care about it in others. If the mind be but well cultivated, and the heart well disposed, no one ever cares for the exterior.
Bobbi A.  Chukran, Cattywampus Christmas|Later in the week Mr Knox's Annie bicycled over to see Stoker and ask her to waive the lien which she had on her sister's services, as they would be required for the weekend.'She's having dinner at half-past eight on Saturday,' said Annie, when seated with her sister and Stoker in the warm kitchen... Stoker was only too delighted to get a spy into the enemy's camp, and the kitchen had a long, delightful conversation about 'Madam', as Annie called Miss Grey, with a very poor imitation of her accent.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|But a part of me lies buried in lace and roses on a riverbank in France-a part of me is broken off forever. A part of me will be unflyable, stuck in the climb.
John Piper|Christ did not die to forgive sinners who go on treasuring anything above seeing and savoring God. And people who would be happy in heaven if Christ were not there, will not be there. The gospel is not a way to get people to heaven; it is a way to get people to God. It's a way of overcoming every obstacle to everlasting joy in God. If we don't want God above all things, we have not been converted by the gospel.
Bill Cosby|I think, ultimately, if you create characters that people like and can relate to, your characters are grounded on a human level even if your cars are not.
Jeanne Birdsall, The Penderwicks on Gardam Street|What was home, really? Just a place to lay your head.No. It was so much more than that. It was a place where a person belonged. Where a fellow would be missed. It was a part of a man. Something that couldn't be sold or taken for granted.
Nio Noveno|Happiness is something that you cannot see. It is naturally felt. When you feel it, you wouldn't wanna let go of it. It makes you smile. It keeps you going. It gives you the energy that nothing and nobody can give. Ig pushes to do things that renders positive vibe inside. Happiness is felt in the most unexpected time and place. It's a natural phenomenon.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|One misstep was all it took, and it all came crashing down. And they were right there waiting for it—eager and ready to bury me in the wreckage.
Clive Barker|... I wrote about ... my childhood, when dreams were small and attainable for all. When sweets were a penny and god was a rabbit.
Frank Zappa|Republicans stand for raw, unbridled evil and greed and ignorance smothered in balloons and ribbons.
Henry Cloud|I think there is a poem out there for everyone, to be an entrance into the poetry and a relationship with it.
Debra Shiveley Welch|Evening you gather backall that dazzling dawn has put asunder:you gather a lamb, gather a kid,gather a child to its mother.
Mark Twain|O Lord our Father, our young patriots, idols of our hearts, go forth to battle -- be Thou near them! With them -- in spirit -- we also go forth from the sweet peace of our beloved firesides to smite the foe. O Lord our God, help us to tear their soldiers to bloody shreds with our shells; help us to cover their smiling fields with the pale forms of their patriot dead; help us to drown the thunder of the guns with the shrieks of their wounded, writhing in pain; help us to lay waste their humble homes with a hurricane of fire; help us to wring the hearts of their unoffending widows with unavailing grief; help us to turn them out roofless with little children to wander unfriended the wastes of their desolated land in rags and hunger and thirst, sports of the sun flames of summer and the icy winds of winter, broken in spirit, worn with travail, imploring Thee for the refuge of the grave and denied it -- for our sakes who adore Thee, Lord, blast their hopes, blight their lives, protract their bitter pilgrimage, make heavy their steps, water their way with their tears, stain the white snow with the blood of their wounded feet! We ask it, in the spirit of love, of Him Who is the Source of Love, and Who is the ever-faithful refuge and friend of all that are sore beset and seek His aid with humble and contrite hearts. Amen.
Ashley Newell, Freakhouse|Maybe you never stop feeling like an eight-year-old in front of your parents. You resolve to be your mature self, to react in this considered way rather than that elemental way, to breathe evenly from the bottom of your stomach and to see your parents as equals, but within five minutes your intentions are blown to hell, and you're babbling and screaming in rage like an angry child.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|A head full of stars, just not in constellation yet.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|I have become the woman I hardly dared imagine I could be. There are parts I don’t love—until a few years ago, I had no idea that you could have cellulite on your stomach—but not only do I get along with me most of the time now, I am militantly and maternally on my own side. Left to my own devices, would I trade this for firm thighs, fewer wrinkles, a better memory? You bet I would. That is why it’s such a blessing that I’m not left to my own devices.
Karl Lagerfeld|People who do a job that claims to be creative have to be alone to recharge their batteries. You can’t live 24 hours a day in the spotlight and remain creative. For people like me, solitude is a victory.
Sidin Vadukut, The Sceptical Patriot: Exploring the Truths Behind the Zero and Other Indian Glories|But imagine for a moment if we once again knew, strictly as a matter of course, these few unremarkable things: What it is we're eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what, in a true accounting, it really cost.
David Hockney|I have a mess in my head sometimes, and there's something very satisfying about putting it into words. Certainly it's not something that you're in charge of, necessarily, but writing about it, putting it into your words, can be a very powerful experience.
Gérard de Nerval, Selected Writings|In day-time we investigate, but at night believe.
Jonathan Swift|Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference.
levi paul taylor|we can look underneath a rock or we can gaze upward into the skywe may choose to hear the whisper, or only turn to feel the warmth of a breathall to grasp the moment a message is passing bye, knowing all the time that we are not alone by chance...
Pavan K. Varma, Being Indian: Inside the real India|It is said culture requires slaves. I say that no cultured society can be built with slaves. This terrible Twentieth Century has made all cultural theories from Plato down seem ridiculous. Little man, there has never been a human culture.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Accept that you can and will do what you must do, to take good care of yourself.
Carrie Ryan, Slasher Girls & Monster Boys|Maybe if she'd invited him into the forest all those years ago, things would have ended differently. But she doubted it. Darkness grew where it would and took what it wanted. It staked its claim and never let go.And no one could pry you free of it.
Chuck Norris|Denial exists because human infants, though equipped with trust-o-meters, are built to trust, blindly and absolutely, any older person who wanders past.
Martin Heidegger|Data may disappoint, but it never lies.
Margot Robbie|When I began to choreograph and find my way pulling other artists' dreams out and changing music in a visual way, there was still a part of me that had something more to say. There was still a desire to rock a stage and ultimately perform the eight count of my dream, but there was a lot of insecurity there.
Debasish Mridha|If I spend every moment, for the rest of my days, thanking God for all his goodness to us, that would still not be enough.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|How insane we are as humans when having received a nasty offense we return the same awful offense. If given an apple found to be rotten and wormy, would we not toss it aside rather than force a soul to eat it? Offenses should be discarded, not returned.
Rebecca Ferguson|The sad truth for American actors is that they really have no control whatsoever over the material that they get, or can do, particularly actresses. And if you're over 40 and you're an actress, forget it.
Andrew Weil|Decades ago, women suffered through horrifying back-alley abortions. Or, they used dangerous methods when they had no other recourse. So when the Republican Party launched an all-out assault on women's health, pushing bills to limit access to vital services, we had to ask: Why is the GOP trying to send women back... to the back alley?
L.A. Casey, Alec|Oh, so your middle finger has a mind of its own then?" Alex asked with an amused look.I glared at him and said, "Yeah, and she was just sticking up for me
Rosa Luxemburg, Rosa Luxemburg Speaks|Europe, it is true, is a geographical and, within certain limits, an historical cultural conception. But the idea of Europe as an economic unit contradicts capitalist development in two ways. First of all there exist within Europe among the capitalist States – and will so long as these exist – the most violent struggles of competition and antagonisms, and secondly the European States can no longer get along economically without the non-European countries. ... At the present stage of development of the world market and of world economy, the conception of Europe as an isolated economic unit is a sterile concoction of the brain. ...And if the idea of a European union in the economic sense has long been outstripped, this is no less the case in the political sense.....Only were one suddenly to lose sight of all these happenings and manoeuvres, and to transfer oneself back to the blissful times of the European concert of powers, could one say, for instance, that for forty years we have had uninterrupted peace. This conception, which considers only events on the European continent, does not notice that the very reason why we have had no war in Europe for decades is the fact that international antagonisms have grown infinitely beyond the narrow confines of the European continent, and that European problems and interests are now fought out on the world seas and in the by-corners of Europe.
Mary Baker Eddy|One hardly knows where, in the history of science, to look for an important movement that had its effective start in so pure and simple an accident as that which led to the building of the great Washington telescope, and went on to the discovery of the satellites of Mars.
Robert Benchley|Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you're free to live. You no longer care about your reputation. You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Curiously enough, the only thing that went through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was Oh no, not again. Many people have speculated that if we knew exactly why the bowl of petunias had thought that we would know a lot more about the nature of the Universe than we do now.
G. Kingsley Ward, Letters of a Businessman to His Son|The best motivation is self-motivation. the guy says, "I wish someone would come by and turn me on." What if they don't show up? You've got to have a better plan for your life.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|We need never shout across the spaces to an absent God. He is nearer than our own soul, closer than our most secret thoughts
Scott Stabile|If you’ve given your all, and it's still not working, it's likely time to move on.
Anmol Mehta|They think you care, They'll walk all over you
Guy de Maupassant, 88 Short Stories|They argued about the weather, sports, sex, war, race, politics, and religion; neither of them knew the subjects they debated, but it seemed that the less they knew the better the could argue.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|Modern romance, like Greek tragedy, celebrates the mystery of dismemberment, which is life in time. The happy ending is justly scorned as a misrepresentation; for the world, as we know it, as we have seen it, yields but one ending: death, disintegration, dismemberment, and the crucifixion of our heart with the passing of the forms that we have loved.
Richard Branson|Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding.
T. H. Mandeel|People are not a threat, wrong ideas are.
Amit Kalantri|Star in the sky is useless to the world,Star on the stage makes the difference to the world.
Dinesh D'Souza, The Big Lie: Exposing the Nazi Roots of the American Left|Socialism does not mean getting together in a parliament and passing laws, socialism means for us overthrowing the ruling classes with all the brutality [loud laughter] that the proletariat is capable of deploying in its struggle.
Luvvie Ajayi, I'm Judging You: The Do-Better Manual|The assumption that women in hijab are less enlightened or empowered than those rocking daisy dukes is arrogant at best. Feminism should fight for all women to have he right to live as they choose, not for all women to live the same exact lives like we're all in some sort of Sims game.
Cassie Mae, True Love and Magic Tricks|DaughterA sprinkle of sparkle,A dazzle of sweet,A flutter of cute,From your head to your feet.
Derek Walcott, Dream on Monkey Mountain and Other Plays|Revolution? Really, Ono! The communists want a revolution. We want nothing of the sort. Quite the opposite, in fact. We wish for a restoration.
Davi Oliveira|As you consider your next move, practice this definition of trust: the willingness to take steps while simultaneously waiting for “instructions.
Jude Morgan|So this, Harriet thought, gazing at her black-clad reflection, was what bearing up looked like. The eyes in the mirror stared at her, somehow, while fixing themselves far
Kamil Ali|If you quit pursuing your dreams, you will never know how close you've come to success. It might have been hidden behind that next door you decided not to open, since the last fifty doors revealed little or nothing.
Robin Sacredfire|When people talk about destiny, they tend to forget that it isn’t deprived from free will, free will to both accept it or destroy it. If you were meant to find love and then hurt the person that loves you back, you’ve just exercised your free will against destiny, and that destiny, that brought that person to you, will now use the exact same force to pull such person away from you. You cannot violate the spiritual laws of the universe. You will always pay a heavy price for being ignorant about this fact. You have the free will to do whatever you wish in the paradise of life, but only as long as you don’t violate the sacred rules, when eating the fruit of selfishness, the tree of good and evil. That need to explore discernment will cost you your happiness, and expel you from the paradise destined to you.
G.K. Chesterton, Saint Thomas Aquinas|[Buddhism and Christianity] are in one sense parallel and equal; as a mound and a hollow, as a valley and a hill. There is a sense in which that sublime despair is the only alternative to that divine audacity. It is even true that the truly spiritual and intellectual man sees it as sort of dilemma; a very hard and terrible choice. There is little else on earth that can compare with these for completeness. And he who does not climb the mountain of Christ does indeed fall into the abyss of Buddha.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Idleness never always means not doing anything at all, for everybody does something each moment of time! It is however also wasting our true, relevant and purposeful time on less purposeful things such that in the end, we only come to a remembrance of not just the true purposeful time we could have used, but also the true and real life we could have lived to leave distinctive footprints with the time we had!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Don't talk to me.""Why not?""Because I want to fix that in my memory for ever. Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret...
Gene Wolfe, Shadow & Claw|Thanks to my mother, not a single cardboard box has found its way back into society. We receive gifts in boxes from stores that went out of business twenty years ago.
|There are all types of love in this world, but never the same love twice
Becky  Chambers, The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet|No sapient could sustain happiness all of the time, just as no one could live permanently within anger, or boredom, or grief.
Julian Barnes, A Life with Books|When you read a great book, you don’t escape from life, you plunge deeper into it. There may be a superficial escape – into different countries, mores, speech patterns – but what you are essentially doing is furthering your understanding of life’s subtleties, paradoxes, joys, pains and truths. Reading and life are not separate but symbiotic.
Brian Van Reet, Spoils|There comes a time for each of us when we realize the truth about the enemy. Which is that he is not an idea, or some faceless demon. He is a man. And every man is much like ourselves.
P.W. Catanese, Happenstance Found|I haven't been around here for long. Well... actually, I haven't been around anywhere for long. I don't know who I am, or what I'm here for. I know that Lord Umber's important, though. I've seen all the good things he's done. I know for sure the world needs him. I can't say that about me.
Sunday Adelaja|What you really want to know,” I say, “is how to make sure we all don’t just rip each other apart, right?” The fight earlier is way too fresh in our minds. We are a powder keg; just a spark will blow us apart.
Shannon A. Thompson, Take Me Tomorrow|Instead of a criminal or a drug addict, I was looking at a boy—just a boy.
Katie Price, Jordan: Pushed to the Limit|A wise girl knows her limits, a smart girl knows that she has none.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|But she's not.' I told the man, 'Look at you! You're a vampire giving up beating hearts in favor of the woman you love. That's pretty-''Embarrassing?' he finished for me with a frown.I narrowed my eyebrows, 'Well, what I was going to say was admirable, but I guess that works too.
Charles Frazier|Good things never last, bad things never die.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|One night I dreamed a dream.I was walking along the beach with my Lord. Across the dark sky flashed scenes from my life. For each scene, I noticed two sets of footprints in the sand, one belonging to me and one to my Lord.When the last scene of my life shot before me I looked back at the footprints in the sand. There was only one set of footprints. I realized that this was at the lowest and saddest times of my life. This always bothered me and I questioned the Lord about my dilemma. "Lord, You told me when I decided to follow You, You would walk and talk with me all the way. But I'm aware that during the most troublesome times of my life there is only one set of footprints. I just don't understand why, when I need You most, You leave me."He whispered, "My precious child, I love you and will never leave you, never, ever, during your trials and testings. When you saw only one set of footprints, It was then that I carried you.
Henry Cabot Lodge, Jr.|There's a War Crimes Act in the United States passed by a Republican Congress in 1996, which says that grave breaches of the Geneva Convention are subject to the death penalty. And that doesn't mean the soldier that committed them - that means the commanders.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|Many patients with cancer are depressed, yet depression is not the cause of cancer.
Paullina Simons, The Summer Garden|When I was in Colditz, that impenetrable fortress, whittling away my life, I wanted to know this.""Looks like you're still there, Shura.""No," he said. "I'm in New York, a fly on the wall, trying to see you without me.
Shahan Sud|The existence of broccoli does not in any way affect the taste of chocolate".
Alan Dundes|I don't look to find an educated person in the ranks of university graduates, necessarily. Some of the most educated people I know have never been near a university.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|And as He spoke, He no longer looked to them like a lion; but the things that began to happen after that were so great and beautiful that I cannot write them. And for us this the end of all the stories, and we can most truly say that they all lived happily ever after. But for them it was only the beginning of the real story. All their life in this world and all their adventures in Narnia had only been the cover and the title page: now at last they were beginning Chapter One of the Great Story which no one on earth has read: which goes on for ever: in which every chapter is better than the one before.
Lisa Reardon, Billy Dead|He is not coming back." And it hurt.It hurt until she was a mass of pain,worse than it had been when she thought he was dead. More all consuming. Ravaging her insides.
Gwenn Wright, The Fate of Flannery Flynn|I can also speak to small woodland creatures,” he grins at me.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Great leader knows that under the turmoil of chaos and change, there is a beauty of patterns and designs.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Conscience is worse than death, some people commit suicide to evade it.
Oprah Winfrey|I've come to believe that each of us has a personal calling that's as unique as a fingerprint - and that the best way to succeed is to discover what you love and then find a way to offer it to others in the form of service, working hard, and also allowing the energy of the universe to lead you. 
Colin Wilson, Ritual in the Dark|Beauty remains,pain ends up passing
Belsebuub|Esoteric things progress not according to time, but by activity, they can be slow or quick, depending upon the efforts made.
John Updike, Self-Consciousness|There was no attack on religion because people were generally indifferent to religion. They were neither hot nor cold. They were the tepid, the materialistic, who hoped that by Sunday churchgoing they would be taking care of the afterlife, if there were an afterlife. Meanwhile they would get everything they could in this.
Thiruvalluvar|Many churches are measuring the wrong things. We measure things like attendance and giving, but we should be looking at more fundamental things like anger, contempt, honesty, and the degree to which people are under the thumb of their lusts. Those things can be counted, but not as easily as offerings.
Salomé Steinz|It's making me so sad that you are unreachable. My desire for your touch, and your lips. It's breaking me inside. I'm so scared you are the only one i will ever love. I'm so scared because I know there is no other you.
Jeanne McElvaney, Time Slipping|When there is no purpose of thought or activities to keep us firmly planted in routines, we connect to our personal spirit. Then the adventure begins ~
Debasish Mridha|When you are motivated by the kindness and wellbeing of humanity, then nothing can scare or derail you.
Mark Leyner, Why Do Men Fall Asleep After Sex? More Questions You'd Only Ask a Doctor After Your Third Whiskey Sour|So where does the name Adam's apple come from? Most people say that it is from the notion that this bump was caused by the forbidden fruit getting stuck in the throat of Adam in the Garden of Eden. There is a problem with this theory because some Hebrew scholars believe that the forbidden fruit was the pomegranate. The Koran claims that the forbidden fruit was a banana. So take your pick---Adam's apple, Adam's pomegranate, Adam's banana. Eve clearly chewed before swallowing.
Lily Tomlin|To me, 'sexual freedom' means freedom from having to have sex.
William Glasser|I really enjoyed hanging out with some of the teachers. This one chemistry teacher, she liked hanging out. I liked making explosives. We would stay after school and blow things up.
Chandler Parsons|It's funny, because there are so many stereotypes out there about actors and movie stars in general, but I've had a great opportunity to meet a lot of them, and maybe it's just because they don't behave that way around me, but I rarely see that kind of abuse of power.
Alana Henry, Behind Bars|Damn it, Harper, I can’t be away from you for even an hour without going out of my fucking mind,” he said against her mouth. “How am I supposed to do my job when all I can think about is getting back to you?
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|They may love you', she whispered, 'but they'll never understand.
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|I'm not an atheist,because I believe that I'm god.
Derek Jeter|My dad farmed, my granddad was a farmer. I wanted to be a farmer.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|If you define yourself by the title of coach or boss, you’ll never earn real trust from your players or employees.
Abhijit Naskar|The brain's transmutation begins when consciousness understands that it made everything up – morality, good and bad, redemption and the truth. With this understanding, it realizes that now it can start anew.
L.L. Barkat, The Novelist|I read not so long ago about the construction of a large telescope in Chile's Atacama Desert, where rainfall can average a millimetre a year and the air is fifty times as dry as the air in Death Valley. Needless to say, skies over the Atacama are pristine. The pilgrim astronomer ventures to the earth’s ravaged reaches in order to peer more keenly at other worlds, and I suppose the novelist is up to something similar.
Chris Matakas|I have been given the rare opportunity to teach Jiu Jitsu for a living. This is a privilege that I wake up everyday grateful for, and a responsibility that I hold dearly. I understand how rare it is to be employed through a labor you genuinely love, and one which can be used as a vehicle for positive change in the lives of others. Even rarer still, I am often reminded of the quality of Jiu Jitsu I have learned, and the opportunity to have learned it.
Toni Morrison, Sula|For me, the idea of living small has always involved being curious - taking a look at how my day-to-day is connected to the larger world around me, and to the delicate universe that sits between my ears and in my small body.
Farahad Zama, The Many Conditions of Love|Some people are like that - always searching fro something better, never satisfied.,Makes you wonder if they ever get a good night's sleep. They must toss and turn, dreaming about a softer mattress or a plumper pillow.
Voltaire|Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in Eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Harold Bell Wright, The Calling of Dan Matthews|Accepting Christ" is only the beginning, not the ultimate goal. Likewise, evangelism is vital, but so is discipleship. To go no deeper is to risk being like the seed that fell not on good soil but on rocky ground, sprouting up but bearing little or no fruit. Focusing solely on God's gift of free salvation is focusing on the minimum.
Jimmy Carter|We don't walk. We overeat because we've made it easy to overeat. We have fast-food joints on every corner. By the way, the 'we' is all of us. It's not the government. It's all of us doing this together.
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|It would have been helpful if there was a Mayo Clinic chapter about the topic of "leaving." Man, I would have read that chapter over and over -- leaving your wailing baby in the morning without wanting to slit your wrists; leaving your desk even though you are only a half hour away from completing something that would feel so good to wrap up; leaving the building so no one notices that you are actually leaving. I was much more interested in honing that skill than learning how to puree apples and carrots to freeze in ice-cube trays (not that I ever did that either). As long as I was a full-time working mother with a clock to punch or a train to catch -- as I would be for eight more years -- I never figured out how to leave with grace or with so-called conviction.
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|One quarter of Medicare beneficiaries have five or more chronic conditions, sees an average of 13 physicians each year, and fills 50 prescriptions per year.
DEB CALLETI|I remember the sift that occurred after Abby was born - there'd been the great big before, where dying grandparents and natural disasters on the news were sad but mostly distant concerns. But then I became a mother, and when that happens, you cross a line that makes all loss a crushing, personal matter.
Virginia Woolf|A few names have survived oblivion. In time, oblivion will have them all.
N. T. Wright|Even with politics, stuff comes around again. Woody Guthrie would recognize America today.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Poetry or science, what matters is saying it how you see it. Saying precisely what and how you saw, and no more. In science, poetry or describing a journey, accuracy is all you can do. Saying it as you saw.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|The reason for the peculiar name could be found in the whimsical sense of humor of the early colonists who arrived on Deanna several decades in the past and found very little at all there to laugh at. Obsidian Crows might seem funny at first, unless you just happened to ride over one with your Jeepo five miles out of town and didn’t have a spare tire. Although there was a reasonable expectation of hitting one of these diminutive brutes on the roads, this did not happen nearly as often as you might think.
William Blake|In oneself lies the whole world and if you know how to look and learn, the door is there and the key is in your hand. Nobody on earth can give you either the key or the door to open, except yourself.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|A good teacher must know the rules; a good pupil, the exceptions.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|New Agers are terrified of their own mortality, and they want to believe that somehow the soul will survive. Of course it will, but not as they imagine.
Jen Hatmaker|The Law of Unconditional Loving is a tough taskmaster. Once we taste the fruits of unconditional loving, we cannot go backward, we cannot become "unaware" ever again.
Candis Terry, Truly Sweet|My fourteen-year-old sister Lara is a brat. Unfortunately, no one sees it but me. To everyone else, she’s adorable. She’s tiny and blonde and sweet and as helpless as a kitten. Chloe reminded me of Lara, at first. The difference, as I discovered, is that Chloe really is as sweet as she seems and she isn’t as helpless as she looks.
Rachel Higginson, Love and Decay, Episode Two|Jealousy is a general human behavior, Until it's not changed.
Rita Mae Brown|Language exerts hidden power, like the moon on the tides.
Dada Bhagwan|When one sees one’s own faults, he attains a state of an abode of Self-illuminated Bliss!
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
Khalil Gibran|Music conveys moods and images. Even in opera, where plots deal with the structure of destiny, it's music, not words, that provides power.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|That I was sleeping at a time when my husband was dying is so horrible a thought, I can’t confront it.
Djahariah Mitra|The real difference between yoga and religion is this: Religion says believe, do not doubt, often citing the word of God and promises of an eternal afterlife, reciting dogma (unsubstantiated pre-modern myths), while yoga only points the way and urges its students to practice and experience for themselves. In this way yoga is very scientific in its approach to self-knowledge, transcendence and enlightenment. Its message is: Try the practice for yourself and only then can you truly believe.
Luellen Hoffman|Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.
Amit Kalantri|It was as if each of them sensed vaguely that the Saturday afternoons of youth are few, and precious, and this feeling which neither of them could have defined or described made every moment of this time together too short, too quickly gone, yet clearer and more sharply edged than any other.
Kels Adeline Sapp|Age does not matter in most relationships, but in marriage, it matters a lot. If you marry a younger you have to baby sit, and if you marry an older, you have to follow orders.
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|Compassion is born out of lovingkindness.It is born of knowing our oneness, not just thinking about it or wishing it were so. It is born out of the wisdom of seeing things exactly as they are.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|There is silly are people. You must suffer, or cause others to suffer, before you will have respect of one kind or the other from them...I will not stand to be looked at by anybody, especially when the looking is done with wrong thinking.
Elizabeth McCracken|I would say just start writing. You've got to write every day. Copy someone that you like if you think that perhaps could become your sound, too. I did that with Hemingway, and I thought I was writing just like Hemingway. Then all of a sudden it occurred to me - he didn't have a sense of humor. I don't know anything he's written that's funny.
Gregory H. Johnson|Windows 95 had its 20th anniversary last year, so we got our hands on an old system and showed it to teenagers who were not even alive in 1995. The results were pretty great and also makes you feel quite old.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|So okay― there you are in your room with the shade down and the door shut and the plug pulled out of the base of the telephone. You've blown up your TV and committed yourself to a thousand words a day, come hell or high water. Now comes the big question: What are you going to write about? And the equally big answer: Anything you damn well want.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|What is it about the American obsession with productivity and responsibility that makes it so difficult for us to allow ourselves a little time to solve the puzzle of our own lives, before it’s too late?
Evangeline Anderson, Planet X|When the dark clouds of doubt, anger or worry begin to move upon you, steady yourself in the knowledge that in time, the storm will pass.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Your only real problem is mortality! No religion can solve this problem, but science can do!
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Knowledge grows exponentially. The more we know, the greater our ability to learn, and the faster we expand our knowledge base.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The first 10 days of a cattle drive were the most critical, as a stampede was most likely when the cattle were closest to their habitual home.
Charlotte Eriksson|Beautiful places are not just a joy for the moment, while you’re there. They will become homes for you, spaces of solace and comfort, where you can close your eyes and go to. Nothing you experience will ever go away. It belongs to you now. Just feel. Don’t be afraid to feel.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|I am nothing, and not even that.
Karen Salmansohn|My main mistake was to have made an ancient people advance by forced marches toward independence, health, culture, affluence, comfort.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Some might argue that a diamond is the earths hardest carbon based substance. However, I'd challenge that with the resolve, resilience, and tenacity of a committed carbon based Noncommissioned Officer.
Tamron Hall|I think my biggest tip - and I consider it a part of my beauty routine - is getting my sleep, without a doubt. I do a true eight hours.
Baba Dioum|For a man who was to exhibit such acute political sharpness later in his career, Napoleon completely misread the revolution's opening stages. 'I repeat what I have said to you,' he wrote to Joseph on July 22, a week after the fall of the Bastille, 'calm will return. In a month, there will no longer be a question of anything. So, if you send me 300 livres [7,500 francs] I will go to Paris to terminate our business.
C.J. Sullivan, Wings of the Divided|The gentle waters poured from the heavens, baptizing the two angels in a healing shower that washed away their differences, lifting the veil from their sight, and they knew they were the same.
Brian D. McLaren|We’re seeking — imperfectly at every turn, no doubt — an incarnational theology, a theology that brings radical good news of great joy for all the people, good news that God loves the world and didn’t send Jesus to condemn it but to save it, good news that God’s wrath is not merely punitive but restorative, good news that the fire of God’s holiness is not bent on eternal torment but always works to purify and refine, good news that where sin abounds, grace abounds all the more.
Vicki Robin, Your Money or Your Life|If you live for having it all, what you have is never enough.
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|[Comedies], in the ancient world, were regarded as of a higher rank than tragedy, of a deeper truth, of a more difficult realization, of a sounder structure, and of a revelation more complete. The happy ending of the fairy tale, the myth, and the divine comedy of the soul, is to be read, not as a contradiction, but as a transcendence of the universal tragedy of man.... Tragedy is the shattering of the forms and of our attachments to the forms; comedy, the wild and careless, inexhaustible joy of life invincible.
Robert Casey|I like singer-songwriters, and I find sad songs comforting rather than depressing. It makes you realise you're not alone in the world.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|We unfortunately identify people by their religion, but my question is that, how can you say that we got different religious when we all smile in a same language..!
John Gardner, Grendel|Whoever said that childhood is the happiest time of your life is a liar, or a fool.
Harriet Lane, Her|Being a mother was like being trapped in the first fifteen minutes of a horror film. Everything was fine, lovely. But there was this persistent sense of dread.
Lena Coakley, Worlds of Ink and Shadow|If death shows up before my last breathe, I swear I'll kill death.
Leo Tolstoy|Am I a good person? Deep down, do I even really want to be a good person, or do I only want to seem like a good person so that people (including myself) will approve of me? Is there a difference? How do I ever actually know whether I'm bullshitting myself, morally speaking?
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|He's never known anything like it! But then, he has never known anything to write home about, so this is nothing to write home about. 
Lukas Foss|I played, like, a year of piano until I learned the 'Pink Panther' theme. That was my goal. Once I was good enough, I quit. Now my music has to have some rock.
David Eddings, Castle of Wizardry|One thing I can say for sure is that she was very clever. Not in the way others expect you to be – intelligent, witty and concise, but in the way people should be: creative and consistent.
Ken Jennings, Brainiac: Adventures in the Curious, Competitive, Compulsive World of Trivia Buffs|pg. 58. As a kid, I always assumed the know-it-alls on Jeopardy! were obviously the smartest people in America. If you were smart, that's how you showed it: by knowing all your state flowers and kings of Saxony. But what if Rob's right and that's a different, much shallower kind of intelligence? Is my mountain of flash cards all for naught?
Robert B. Parker, Mortal Stakes|Yeah. Floyd is his batman."His what?"Batman, like in the British army, each officer had a batman, a personal servant."You spend too much time reading, Spenser. You know more stuff that don't make you money than anybody I know.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Quinn spoke their language—all mystery and inside jokes, scarred souls and statement shirts. It was a beautiful moment for him—in his element and completely happy.When they started playing, he leaned over and whispered in my ear. “See that guitar?”I nodded.“That’s a 1969 Martin D28. Hear me when I say if I had to choose between a beautiful girl and that guitar, I’d choose the guitar. Natch.” He took a huge gulp of water, clearly affected.“Naturally,” I whispered. “It could be why you’re still single.
Helen Keller|Happiness does not come from without, it comes from within
Sunday Adelaja|Fear totally obliterates a person, it makes people tolerate what is impossible to handle
James Dyson|What matters is this: Being fearless of failure arms you to break the rules. In doing so, you may change the culture and just possibly, for a moment, change life itself.
Anna C. Salter|It is important to refuse to be intimidated. That refusal must not be based simply on a calculation of the odds of succeeding. At times, in my case, multiple lawsuits and an ethics charge seemed overwhelming, and the fact that I knew my work to be accurate and responsible was only partial solace. l was well aware that court, like the National Football League, is an arena in which, on any given Sunday, anybody can win.The refusal to be intimidated must come, in the end, not from a sureness of succeeding but from a knowledge of the cost of scurrying for shelter through fake retractions and disowned truths. It is a question, in the end of self-respect.Who among us could, in good faith, ever face a survivor of childhood abuse again were we to run for cover when pressed ourselves? Children are not permitted that choice, and the adults who choose to work with them and with the survivors they become cannot afford to make it. It would be a choice to become. Through betrayal and deceit, that to which we object.Our alternative, then, is not to hide. Not to refuse to treat adult survivors, not to refuse to go to court in their defense, not to apologize and retract statements we know are true, but to cultivate endurance and tenacity as carefully as we read the research.Confessions of a Whistle-Blower: Lessons Learned Author: Anna C. Salter. Ethics & Behavior, Volume 8, Issue 2 June 1998
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|All that we are and will be, praise be to God.
Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd|In a moment, when I throw myself down among the absinthe plants to bring their scent into my body, I shall know, appearances to the contrary, that I am fulfilling a truth which is the sun's and which will also be my death's. In a sense, it is indeed my life that I am staking here, a life that tastes of warm stone, that is full of the signs of the sea and the rising song of the crickets. The breeze is cool and the sky blue. I love this life with abandon and wish to speak of it boldly: it makes me proud of my human condition. Yet people have often told me: there's nothing to be proud of. Yes, there is: this sun, this sea, my heart leaping with youth, the salt taste of my body and this vast landscape in which tenderness and glory merge in blue and yellow. It is to conquer this that I need my strength and my resources. Everything here leaves me intact, I surrender nothing of myself, and don no mask: learning patiently and arduously how to live is enough for me, well worth all their arts of living.
Neil Gorsuch|Perhaps I will stay in Chicago and operate on human beings instead of on dogs. From a business standpoint, it would be excellent. But, as I hate medical practice, I would like better to make little money in doing scientific work than a great deal in doing surgical operations.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|By becoming a black belt, you will become whatever it is you wanted to be in the first place, and Jiu Jitsu will have served its aim.
Stephen King, Pet Sematary|Come on, Doctor... we got places to go.
Stephanie Tom|Sometimes life will give you ups and downs, but it's up to you to take them as they come.
Mensah Oteh|Rather than wait to see what the day or future holds, why not design and plan the future you want to experience?
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|Like your tastebuds, desires and goals are ever-changing. What used to work, might not do it for you anymore. The question is: Do you have the guts to do something about it?
Virginia Woolf, How Should One Read a Book?|Are they not criminals, books that have wasted our time and sympathy; are they not the most insidious enemies of society, corrupters, defilers, the writers of false books, faked books, books that fill the air with decay and disease?
Paulo Coelho|I am surprised how difficult for people is to say "I love you". They only say the three magic words when they are sure they will hear "I love you too" back. C'mon! Spread the energy of love without expecting anything! Cowards are incapable of expressing love; it is the prerogative of the brave
Joe Biden|Birds are indicators of the environment. If they are in trouble, we know we'll soon be in trouble.
C.M.|I don't see you making it to the top; nobody's going to help you get there. You have to do it all on your own. But if you want it so bad, prove me wrong.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|The Savage interrupted him. "But isn't it natural to feel there's a God?" "You might as well ask if it's natural to do up one's trousers with zippers," said the Controller sarcastically. "You remind me of another of those old fellows called Bradley. He defined philosophy as the finding of bad reason for what one believes by instinct. As if one believed anything by instinct! One believes things because one has been conditioned to believe them. Finding bad reasons for what one believes for other bad reasons–that's philosophy. People believe in God because they've been conditioned to.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Ecclesiastes names thee Almighty, the Maccabees name thee Creator, the Epistle to the Ephesians names thee Liberty, Baruch names thee Immensity, the Psalms name thee Wisdom and Truth, John names thee Light, the Book of Kings names thee Lord, Exodus names thee Providence, Leviticus Sanctity, Esdras Justice, creation names thee God, man names thee Father; but Solomon names thee Compassion, which is the most beautiful of all thy names.
Darynda Jones, Eighth Grave After Dark|LIKE THE SUICIDAL RACCOON, I, TOO, WILL FUCK UP YOUR ALIGNMENT IF YOU RUN ME OVER. - T-shirt
Susan Howatch, The High Flyer|You've asked enough questions about evil. But you never asked once about love."So I asked him to tell me about it, but of course his definition lay beyond words. He just went on sitting with me in the dark and taking the weight of my pain.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|It seems to me it's not genetic gifts for tolerating stress or resisting pain that take individuals through extraordinary feats of endurance. When it comes to the most daring of Earth's expeditions, success always seems to come down to four factors:One: Physical preparation. Training. You are truly the only thing you have complete control over. No stone unturned.Two: Know everything possible about the elements, the obstacles. Knowledge is power.Three. Surround yourself with brilliant and honorable people. Four. Unshakeable faith. Go so far as defiance. Refuse to accept limitations and mediocrity. I won't let anybody tell me I can't touch the stars because I just might get there. And I will surely never get there if I don't keep trying.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|A familiar sensation sparks inside me, the one I had a few years ago, the one that hurts because it’s dangerous and overwhelming. Knowing how it is to truly love someone is torturous. You try to bury that feeling. So you become lonely, deprived, and when you sense anything remotely like it, the emotion comes back to haunt you. It’s one sick fucking game.
Cassandra Clare|There was a small wooden gazebo built out over the water; Isabelle was sitting in it, staring out across the lake. She looked like a princess in a fairy tale, waiting at the top of her tower for someone to ride up and rescue her. Not that traditional princess behavior was like Isabelle at all. Isabelle with her whip and boots and knives would chop anyone who tried to pen her up in a tower into pieces, build a bridge out of the remains, and walk carelessly to freedom, her hair looking fabulous the entire time.
Patrick Demarchelier|My work is like my vacation, so in a way every day is like Saturday.
Ilchi Lee, Bird of the Soul|Everyday, Jay would sit under a giant elm tree and imagine the adventures his life might bring.
Nick Vujicic, Unstoppable: The Incredible Power of Faith in Action|You and I were put on this earth to serve something greater than our narrow interests. When our focus becomes self-centered instead of God-centered we lose our greatest source of power. Our God-given talents are meant to benefit others. When we use them for that greater purpose, we put faith into action to fulfill His plan for us. We make a difference in this world that helps prepare us for the next.
Alfred Tennyson|Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Generally the men always tried to appear strong; they walked tall, heads upright, arms steady at the sides, and feet firmly planted like trees. Solid, Jericho walls of men. But when they went out in the bush to relieve themselves and nobody was looking, the fell apart like crumbling towers and wept with the wretched grief of forgotten concubines.And when they returned to the presence of their women and children and everybody else, they stuck hands deep inside torn pockets until they felt their dry thighs, kicked little stones out of the way, and erected themselves like walls again, but then the women, who knew all the ways of weeping and all there was to know about falling apart, would not be deceived; they gently rose from the hearths, beat dust off their skirts, and planted themselves like rocks in front of their men and children and shacks, and only then did all appear almost tolerable.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|There are numerous historical reports as well as visual images that link mushroom consumption to the ritual of sacrifice. These include bloodletting, penis perforation, and even the improbable act of self-decapitation.
Douglas MacArthur|Well I teach in the History of Consciousness Department at the University of California, Santa Cruz. So that's my primary work. I lecture on various campuses and in various communities across the country and other parts of the world.
Scottshak|I work for a human rights organization, which strikes me as, if not interesting in the day to day sense, at least an interesting thing to tell people at parties. I'm pleased to be doing something that sounds significant and adult.
James A. Owen, The Shadow Dragons|That's one benefit of travelling to your own future, and making the trip part of your past.
Yotam Ottolenghi|For Christmas every year, my mother used to give me those cheap little diaries that would tell your horoscope and provide a little blank slot for each day.
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|It is not against reason, said the Englishman, to prefer the destruction of the world to a scratch on your finger – how much easier to understand the same price for the gash in your soul.
Jeremy Grantham|I love spicy food, love it. But wasabi is just painful.
Akiroq Brost|Question everything, including your questions. Don't be afraid to ask questions. Why are you asking? Why are you asking in this particular way? Is it really the right question for the answer you are seeking? Are there additional questions you need to be asking? Don't be afraid to think outside of the box. Don't be afraid of creativity and innovation.
Augustus Waters The Fault in Our Stars|With your absence I have realised that hoe the once, warm comforting streets have suddenly turned to become so cold and dark
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There are times in life that we ascribe qualities or traits to other people that are inaccurate or fail to recognize other aspects of their being because we are emotionally invested in that person fulfilling a specific role in our life. When we claim that the other person changed it is not so much that they altered their core composition, but we now must admit to ourselves that our original perception of them was imprecise.
Hope Bradford, Beneficial Law of Attraction: The Manifestation Teachings|The universe will bring people whatever they want…Let the magic happen. It’s always there. Abundance and love are always there. Believe in the highest good. There is a higher essence to everything. The realm you’re in has a heaviness that mutes energy. You can penetrate through it, no matter how dark and heavy. Sometimes it has nothing to do with karma. Just don’t forget to keep it open. Don’t get too bogged down…Prosperity can happen at any time. I want to give you everything that you need.-Kuan Yin
Lemmy Kilmister|Apparently people don't like the truth, but I do like it; I like it because it upsets a lot of people. If you show them enough times that their arguments are bullshit, then maybe just once, one of them will say, 'Oh! Wait a minute - I was wrong.' I live for that happening. Rare, I assure you
Chimimanda Ngozi Adichie|I was thinking about the need to have a feminist bookstore, a place for women to buy books about women. Because in those days, if you would go to a regular bookstore and ask about books for women, one, they would have almost nothing, two, they wouldn't pay attention, or they would look at you like you were a weird person.
Shelley Ramsey, Grief: A Mama's Unwanted Journey|For several decades, I said I believed in God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit and had put my confidence in Him. The hot crucible of grief was my place to back up what I said I believed and admit to myself who my God really was: The God I claimed to know, or a false god who can be manipulated into resolving the external circumstances of my life.
R.A.Delmonico|In any society, concentrations of power should be avoided at all cost.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Life curses some poor people with the love of luxury, while it blesses some with the very same thing.
William Shatner|Fortune is like glass - the brighter the glitter, the more easily broken.
John Boyne, A History of Loneliness|When silence become silent, it speaks silently but loudly
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|A good commander, thought Ender, doesn't have to make stupid threats.
Martin Rees|We need to broaden our sympathies both in space and time - and perceive ourselves as part of a long heritage, and stewards for an immense future.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|I swear to hold my tongue about it till the end of your worship's days, and God grant I may be able to let it out tomorrow
Andi James Chamberlain, ONE MAN AND HIS DOGMA: A Novel|I like it subdued and tepid, with far to much milk
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Mothers see the angel in us because the angel is there. If it's shown to the mother, the son has got an angel to show, hasn't he? When a son cuts somebody's throat the mother only sees it's possible for a misguided angel to act like a devil - and she's entirely right about that!
Phil Dusenberry|May life continue to inspire you for good works and an, inevitable, outcome. May wisdom never fail your endeavors . . .
Mike Mason|If man really is fashioned, more than anything else, in the image of God, then clearly it follows that there is nothing on earth so near to God as a human being. The conclusion is inescapable, that to be in the presence of even the meanest, lowest, most repulsive specimen of humanity of the world is still to be closer to God than when looking up into a starry sky or at a beautiful sunset. Certainly that is why there is nothing in the new testament about beautiful sunsets.- Mike Mason -Author of "The Mystery of Marriage
Friedrich Nietzsche|Fanatics are picturesque, mankind would rather see gestures than listen to reasons.
William Glasser|I believe that tomorrow never exist, until we make a day called today.
Rupert Murdoch|To keep the record straight, it wasn't always John and Yoko. We've all accused one another of various business things; we tend to be pretty paranoid by now, as you can imagine. There's a lot of money involved.
Frances Partridge|Fear is an emotion you control, not the other way around. We control fear when we let it go.
Roald Dahl, Matilda|You seemed so far away," Miss Honey whispered, awestruck."Oh, I was. I was flying past the stars on silver wings," Matilda said. "It was wonderful.
Michael  Grant, Plague|For five hundred years my sisterhood has passed down a sacred vow,” says Caspida coldly, “to destroy the one who destroyed our queen. You know this, and you speak these words only to deceive me as you deceived her. You would have me believe that you are capable of love.”“Believe me when I say I wish that I were not!” Angrily I round on her. “I do not tell you this for myself! Aladdin will die any moment, and the only way to save him is if you make a wish! Please, Caspida—they will kill him at dawn!” I point at the horizon, where the sun is minutes away from rising. “Let me save him, I beg you!”I drop to my knees before her, doing what I never thought I could: grovel before a human. My pride unravels into smoke, carried away on the wind. Always I have thought myself above these mortals—I, immortal, powerful, able to shift from this form to that. But I let all of that go now, and I beg as I have never begged before. “Do what you like with me after that, but just let me save him!” I dig my fingers into the earth, my eyes damp with tears. My voice falls to a cracked whisper. “Please.”“Why?”I raise my face, finding her gaze unyielding. “Because it was my idea. Him wishing to be made a prince. Courting you. Lying all these weeks. I manipulated him and used him, and now they will kill him for it.”“Why would you lead him into the palace knowing that eventually the truth would come out and he would have to pay the price?”“Because . . .” I grind my teeth together, wishing the earth would swallow me up. “Because I was trying to win my freedom. Your people had captured the prince of the jinn—Nardukha’s own son. The Shaitan sent me to free him, and in turn, he would free me from my lamp. If I failed, he planned to sink your city into the sea. I had to get into the palace. Aladdin was my only way in.”“So you don’t deny that you’re a monster. You used him for your own ends.”I drop my head. “I know what I am. I know nothing can excuse what I did to Roshana, or to Aladdin, or to you. I’ve wronged so many, and there is so much I wish I could take back. I can’t save Roshana. But please—I beg of you—let me save him.”Caspida lowers to her knees and studies me. I meet her gaze, humbled utterly.“You want me to believe that you love him,” she whispers.“Yes.” The word is but a breath, a stir of air in my treacherous lungs. “We’re running out of time. I cannot reverse death or the hours. Time is the strongest magic, and no jinni—not even the Shaitan—can rewrite the past. Once Aladdin is gone, he is gone. Let me save him, and I can help you win your city.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I want my writing to bring people not just to think of "trees" as they mostly do now, but of each individual tree, and each kind of tree.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|When you chose to follow the way of purity, did you expect it to be easy? When you decided to wait for the best, did you think that waiting would be fun? Did you think that your faith would not be tested? When you decided to take the narrow path, did no one warn you that difficulties, hardship, and tears would be part of the journey, and that you would often face rejection from others and be forced to walk alone? My daughter, that which you wait for the longest you treasure the most, and through much struggle the prize is won.
Lynne Silver, Waiting on Love|You’re the one sitting there with a boner. You’llterrify your charity guys, walking in with that thing pointingat them.
Jon Krakauer, Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith|…such criticism and mockery are largely beside the point. All religious belief is a function of nonrational faith. And faith, by its very definition, tends to be impervious to to intellectual argument or academic criticism. Polls routinely indicate, moreover, that nine out of ten Americans believe in God—most of us subscribe to one brand of religion or another. Those who would assail The Book of Mormon should bear in mind that its veracity is no more dubious than the veracity of the Bible, say, or the Qur'an, or the sacred texts of most other religions. The latter texts simply enjoy the considerable advantage of having made their public debut in the shadowy recesses of the ancient past, and are thus much harder to refute.
Kourtney Kardashian|When I was a kid and my mom made tomato soup, she would cut buttered toast into squares and float them on top of each bowl.
Mitch Albom|What do people fear most about death? I asked the reb."Fear?" he thought for a moment. 'Well, for one thing, what happens next? Where do we go? Is it what we imagined?"That's big."Yes. But there's something else."What else?He leaned forward."Being forgotten," he whispered.
RJ Blizzard|We are all walking a thin line between the sacred and the ordinary. The two are never far from each other, and sometimes they are the same
Kate Evangelista, Unreap My Heart|Protect that girl, Balthazar. She is an innocent in all of this.”“Why does she want Nikolas to gain his humanity?”“She believes they are in love.”The absurdity of D’s words hit Balthazar square in the gut. He would have doubled over if he didn’t find the reason pathetic. Thankfully, he managed to keep the laughter in his head.“Love? Nikolas?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Let me be content with myself to the degree that my capacity to serve others is present, yet discontent with myself to the degree that I may still like to grow in better service for others.
Justus von Liebig|But if it be true, as every prospect assures us, that the human race shall not again relapse into its ancient barbarity; if every thing ought to assure us against that pusillanimous and corrupt system which condemns man to eternal oscillations between truth and falsehood, liberty and servitude, we must, at the same time, perceive that the light of information is spread over a small part only of our globe; and the number of those who possess real instruction, seems to vanish in the comparison with the mass of men consigned over to ignorance and prejudice. We behold vast countries groaning under slavery, and presenting nations in one place, degraded by the vices of civilization, so corrupt as to impede the progress of man; and in others, still vegetating in the infancy of its early age. We perceive that the exertions of these last ages have done much for the progress of the human mind, but little for the perfection of the human species; much for the glory of man, somewhat for his liberty, but scarcely any thing yet for his happiness. In a few directions, our eyes are struck with a dazzling light; but thick darkness still covers an immense horison.
Jerry Kramer|The learner always begins by finding fault, but the scholar sees the positive merit in everything.
Jaroslav Kalfar, Spaceman of Bohemia|Time was not a line, but an awareness. I was no longer a body, but a series of pieces whistling as they bonded. I felt every cell within me. I could count them, name them, kill them, and resurrect them. Within the core, I was a tower made of fossil fragments. I could be disassembled and reassembled. If only someone knew the correct pressure point, I would turn into a pile of elements running off to find another bond, like seasonal farmhands journeying from East to West.
Henry Louis Gates|I'm not a defender of old or new football managers. I believe in good ones and bad ones, those that achieve success and those that don't.
Eden Phillpotts, Saurus|If it were but known that the combined might of the world was against aggression, the war-minded could only seek his salvation in peace, perceiving that further ostentatious preparations for war were idle.
Patrick deWitt|I'd rather have the influence than the power, and the influence to me is to build institutions of independence and democracy, to regain for Egypt prestige in education and science and technology.
Kristin Newman, What I Was Doing While You Were Breeding|The experience also illuminated another fact: regardless of how you travel, as you get deeper into your thirties you might be the only person your age out on the road at all, whether it's in the hostels with the twentysomethings, or on the fancy cruises with the sixtysomethings. In your fourth decade, your compatriots are mostly at home, working, raising humans, getting husbands through rehab, living for someone besides themselves. Suckers.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|Every ounce of his soul tells him this will make a good story to tell his friends—an anecdote in the biography, an incident in the life. But part of the sorrow he feels—and it is that—comes from the distance he sees between himself and the storytelling, the hole that has ripped open between the here and the there.
Kevin Hart|Dad likes my food, but he probably thinks it's too busy. He is a wonderful cook but only uses three ingredients. My mum rips out my articles and makes my recipes.
Salman Mansuri|Courage is most powerful thing inside us, It won't let us run away from any problem.
Kate McGahan|When love is part of a game, it means nothing. When love is love, it means everything.
Bink Cummings, The Diary of Bink Cummings: Vol 2|She’s beautiful to look at, she’s new, she’s clean, and perfectly cut. But then you get up and look closely and see that she’s not real. She’s a fake. She doesn't glimmer like a natural diamond or hold the beauty and unbreakable strength of a real diamond. She’s just a manufactured piece of glass. Not the real deal. And sooner or later, that pig headed owner is gonna realize that fake diamonds can never pass for the real ones, no matter how much you wish they would.
Olaf Stapledon, Last and First Men|There is much in this vision that will remind you of your mystics; yet between them and us there is far more difference than similarity, in respect both of the matter and the manner of our thought. For while they are confident that the cosmos is perfect, we are sure only that it is very beautiful. While they pass to their conclusion without the aid of intellect, we have used that staff every step of the way. Thus, even when in respect of conclusions we agree with your mystics rather than your plodding intellectuals, in respect of method we applaud most your intellectuals; for they scorned to deceive themselves with comfortable fantasies.
Henry Stephens Salt, On Cambrian and Cumbrian Hills Pilgrimages to Snowdon and Scafell|I send thee, love, this upland flower I foundWhile wandering lonely with o'erclouded heart,Hid in a grey recess of rocky groundAmong the misty mountains far apart;And then I heard the wild wind's luring soundWhich whoso trusts, is healed of earthborn care,And watched the lofty ridges loom around,Yet yearned in vain their secret faith to share.When lo! the sudden sunlight, sparkling keen,Poured full upon the vales this glorious day,And bared the abiding mountain-tops serene,And swept the shifting vapour-wreaths away:Then with the hills' true heart my heart beat true,Heavens opened, cloud-thoughts vanished, and I knew.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Actually, everyone, in one way or the other is being insulted by ungodliness and injustice, be it racial injustice, inequality, economic injustice, and the spread and campaign of ungodliness sweeping the land.
Charles Dance|I totally let myself indulge, but I make little deals with myself. If I have an extra cupcake, I'll run a couple of extra miles. I think it's all about balance and not getting into extremes with dieting and exercising. Having a healthy attitude is important, too!
Amit Kalantri|Adversity sure does gives you trouble, but it keeps you humble.
Kiese Laymon, How to Slowly Kill Yourself and Others in America|The white boys knew they had my attention now, but hesitated -- that's the trouble with being a racist in the white heartlands, you don't get a lot of practical experience.
Phil McGraw|As a human rights issue, the effort to end violence against women becomes a government's obligation, not just a good idea.
Anna Quindlen, Imagined London: A Tour of the World's Greatest Fictional City|Since the age of five I had been one of those people who was an indefatigable reader, more inclined to go off by myself with a book than do any of the dozens of things that children usually do to amuse themselves. I never aged out of it.
David Brier|The opposite of value is a commodity item with little or no perceived value — which means people are not seeking it out and when they do, it’s merely one of the many choices (so very likely the cheapest offering will get the sale).
Shannon L. Alder|Life is as simple as these three questions: What do I want? Why do I want it? And, how will I achieve it?
Fairytales for Wilde Girls|To my surprise, the sensation of query filled my stomach, spreading through to every corner. This was followed by each point of query ending at the same answer. Device Nineteen had responded to the question by coming to the conclusion that oblivion was the end of every 
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I thought an hour ago that I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a man, but a half hour after that I knew that what I felt before was nothing compared to what I felt then. But ten minutes after that, I understood that my previous love was a puddle compared to the high seas before a storm.
Valery Bryusov, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|Slim is queer and though Nelson isn't supposed to mind that he does. He also minds that there are a couple of slick blacks making it at the party and that one little white girl with that grayish kind of sharp-chinned Polack face from the south side of Brewer took off her shirt while dancing even though she has no tits to speak of and now sits in the kitchen with still bare tits getting herself sick on Southern Comfort and Pepsi. At these parties someone is always in the bathroom being sick or giving themselves a hit or a snort and Nelson minds this too. He doesn't mind any of it very much, he's just tired of being young. There's so much wasted energy to it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|What you need to succeed is already there, just lean on God. For your faith's sake, God can still disappoint the devil.
Todd Young|It is not sufficient for the young to devote their enthusiasm, their courage, their ambition, their self-sacrifice to the great ideas of the time; the young must not only preserve but increase their powers if they are to be really equal to their eternal task: that of drawing the age in advance.
Sidney Bell, Bad Judgment|If polar bears live at the North Pole, why doesn’t Santa use them to pull the sleigh?” Brogan asked, licking mustard off his thumb with the air of someone who thought they’d won the argument, which was dumb, because he never won. Embry was the uncontested champion of arguing in their house.“Are you high?” Embry asked. “Have you seen a fucking polar bear? There’s no way they’re as aerodynamic as reindeer.”“Polar bears make about as much sense as reindeer, seeing as neither of them can actually fly,” Brogan pointed out. “Polar bears are stronger, too. You’d only need half as many to get the job done.”“Polar bears aren’t pack animals. You’d never get all of them attached to the sleigh at once.”“Think how cool it would be, though. A whole troop of polar bears pulling a sleigh. There should be fire somewhere. A secondary propulsion system in case the bears get tired. Like a jet engine.” His eyes went wide with awe, presumably at his own genius. “There should be a jet engine, Embry.
Socrates|One should never do wrong in return, nor mistreat any man, no matter how one has been mistreated by him.
Kyle M. Scott, AFTERTASTE|Innards came out crossed and complex, like a tumble of plus and minus signs--the equation of human life.
Cornelia Funke, Inkdeath|Weren’t all books ultimately related? After all, the same letters filled them, just arranged in a different order. Which meant that, in a certain way, every book was contained in every other!
