V.C. Andrews|I used to have this toy, a magic slate. You wrote or drew on it and then, just by pulling up the plastic cover, everything you did disappeared and you could start new. Maybe everyone feels that on New Year's Eve: They can pull up the magic sheet and rewrite their lives.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, The Grooming of Alice|Do we have a hand mirror?' I asked from the kitchen doorway.'Never use one,' said Lester, examining the date on a carton of sour cream.'Naturally, you're a male. What you see is what you've got,' I said resentfully.'Huh?' said Lester.
Boris Yeltsin|I think that you have to do everything you can do to empower girls when they are young, from their education, to their successful independence, to their sexual self-knowledge.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet and Other Writings|You are my brother and I love you. I love you worshipping in your church, kneeling in your temple, and praying in your mosque. You and I and all are children of one religion, for the varied paths of religion are but the fingers of the loving hand of the Supreme Being, extended to all, offering completeness of spirit to all, anxious to receive all.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|But there is a way of despising the dandelion which is not that of the dreary pessimist, but of the more offensive optimist. It can be done in various ways; one of which is saying, "You can get much better dandelions at Selfridge's," or "You can get much cheaper dandelions at Woolworth's." Another way is to observe with a casual drawl, "Of course nobody but Gamboli in Vienna really understands dandelions," or saying that nobody would put up with the old-fashioned dandelion since the super-dandelion has been grown in the Frankfurt Palm Garden; or merely sneering at the stinginess of providing dandelions, when all the best hostesses give you an orchid for your buttonhole and a bouquet of rare exotics to take away with you. These are all methods of undervaluing the thing by comparison; for it is not familiarity but comparison that breeds contempt. And all such captious comparisons are ultimately based on the strange and staggering heresy that a human being has a right to dandelions; that in some extraordinary fashion we can demand the very pick of all the dandelions in the garden of Paradise; that we owe no thanks for them at all and need feel no wonder at them at all; and above all no wonder at being thought worthy to receive them. Instead of saying, like the old religious poet, "What is man that Thou carest for him, or the son of man that Thou regardest him?" we are to say like the discontented cabman, "What's this?" or like the bad-tempered Major in the club, "Is this a chop fit for a gentleman?" Now I not only dislike this attitude quite as much as the Swinburnian pessimistic attitude, but I think it comes to very much the same thing; to the actual loss of appetite for the chop or the dish of dandelion-tea. And the name of it is Presumption and the name of its twin brother is Despair. This is the principle I was maintaining when I seemed an optimist to Mr. Max Beerbohm; and this is the principle I am still maintaining when I should undoubtedly seem a pessimist to Mr. Gordon Selfridge. The aim of life is appreciation; there is no sense in not appreciating things; and there is no sense in having more of them if you have less appreciation of them.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|The more love and support your child receives, the richer his or her life becomes, and nurses can certainly add to the circle of love surrounding your child.
Veronica Roth|It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr.
Tobe Hanson, The Four Seasons Way of Life: Ancient Wisdom for Healing and Personal Growth|Life is a continuum of problems to solve and lessons to learn. Once you accept this truth, then the problem you’re facing is no longer a problem but rather an opportunity to learn.
Tom Sizemore|Editorial pages all say, 'Well, the other guy has a point, too. It remains to be seen how this will come out. We certainly hope it comes out fine; blah, blah.' Cartoonists don't go that way. Our job is to stick out our tongues, to show a big raspberry to whatever pompous jerk happens to be mouthing off.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|After scientists broke open the coat of a lotus seed (Nelumbo nucifera) and coddled the embryo into growth, they kept the empty husk. When they radiocarbon-dated this discarded outer shell, they discovered that their seedling had been waiting for them within a peat bog in China for no less than two thousand years. This tiny seed had stubbornly kept up the hope of its own future while entire human civilizations rose and fell. And then one day this little plant's yearning finally burst forth within a laboratory. I wonder where it is right now.
Orison Swett Marden|Men, I still think, ought to be weighed, not counted. Their worth ought to be the final estimate of their value.
Thomas Narofsky, You are Unstoppable Participant's Guide: Unleash Your Inspired Life|सक्ताः कर्मण्यविद्वांसो यथा कुर्वन्ति भारत।कुर्याद्विद्वांस्तथासक्तश्चिकीर्षुर्लोकसंग्रहम्॥॥३- २५॥न बुद्धिभेदं जनयेदज्ञानां कर्मसङ्गिनाम्।जोषयेत्सर्वकर्माणि विद्वान्युक्तः समाचरन्॥॥३- २६॥`Ignorant toil for result; wise – selflessly,Blaze the trail for detached action clearly,For the common weal, path to eternity,For the benefit of the entire humanity.’3. 25-26
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Looking back at our lives, the unbelievable thing is that despite all the times when things felt so wrong, we still managed to meet at the perfect moment. Almost as if by some plan which we were unaware of.
Isaac Marion|To be or not to be, that is the question: to go on living, fighting against this sea of troubles, or to die and end everything? Why be afraid of death? To die is to sleep, no more. Perhaps to dream? Yes, that's the problem: in that sleep of death, what dreams will come?
Albert Wattenberg|After the instrumentation was reset, Fermi told Weil to remove the rod another six inches. The pile was still subcritical. The intensity was increasing slowly - when suddenly there was a very loud crash! The safety rod, ZIP, had been automatically released. Its relay had been activated by an ionization chamber because the intensity had exceeded the arbitrary level at which it had been set. It was 11:30 a.m., and Fermi said, "I'm hungry. Let's go to lunch.
Shannon L. Alder|Being different will always threaten the institution of understanding of a closed mind. However, evolution is built on difference, changing and the concept of thinking outside the box. Live to be your own unique brand, without apology.
Sunday Adelaja|Many people would fight against the idea that they are corrupt. While in the real sense, they are corrupt because they don’t live by the principles of honesty and truth.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|Perhaps her only legacy would be that she had known something immortal, and while eternity may still belong to God alone, not all things were enslaved by time.
Anupama Garg, The Tantric Curse|Love is a word, to which each of us have to give our own defination.
Kit Harington|Looking back over the years, I realize the Bible isn't magic, but it is corrective; it isn't an answer book, it is a living book; it isn't a fix-it book, it is relationship book. When I confront God's word, I am confronted; when I read God's word, it reads me; when I seek God's presence, He seeks me.
Banana Yoshimoto, Amrita|My loneliness was an important part of my own little universe, not some pathological disease that needs to be gotten [sic] rid of.
Tom Hiddleston|I am an optimist... I choose to be. There is a lot of darkness in our world, there is a lot of pain and you can choose to see that or you can choose to see the joy. If you try to respond positively to the world, you will spend your time better.
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|There were times Ruma felt closer to her mother in death than she had in life, an intimacy born simply of thinking of her so often, of missing her. But she knew that this was an illusion, a mirage, and that the distance between them was now infinite, unyielding. 
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|And this is the eternal law. For, Evil often stops short at istelf and dies with the doer of it! but Good, never.
Kass Morgan, Homecoming|What’s it gonna be like, dying? To go to sleep and never, never, never wake up.Well, a lot of things it’s not gonna be like. It’s not going to be like being buried alive. It’s not going to be like being in the darkness forever.I tell you what — it’s going to be as if you never had existed at all. Not only you, but everything else as well. That just there was never anything, there’s no one to regret it — and there’s no problem. Well, think about that for a while — it’s kind of a weird feeling when you really think about it, when you really imagine.[The Book: On the Taboo Against Knowing Who You Are ]
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|An offering for the sake of offering, perhaps. Anyhow, it was her gift. Nothing else had she of the slightest importance; could not think, write, even play the piano. She muddled Armenians and Turks; loved success; hated discomfort; must be liked; talked oceans of nonsense: and to this day, ask her what the Equator was, and she did not know.All the same, that one day should follow another; Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday; that one should wake up in the morning; see the sky; walk in the park; meet Hugh Whitbread; then suddenly in came Peter; then these roses; it was enough. After that, how unbelievable death was!-that it must end; and no one in the whole world would know how she had loved it all; how, every instant . . .
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|I'm warning you. I'm going to get waxy. D'you see? You're not wanted. Understand? We are going to have fun on this island. Understand? We are going to have fun on this island! So don't try it on, my poor misguided boy, or else---" Simon found he was looking into a vast mouth. There was blackness within, a blackness that spread.
Jinasena, Mahapurana|Yes, and Duchamp too, when he was asked what he thought about God, said, 'Let's not talk about that. That's man's stupidest idea.' — Nikša Gligo (1972)
Thomas Moore|When sorrows come, they come not single spies, but in battalions.
Ella Dominguez, The Art of Domination|Pleasure, pleasure, pleasure! Always your goal is pleasure. Pain, yes of course! Yet pain must only be used as a means to add to your sub's sensation of pleasure. To do otherwise is un péché noir - a black sin. Such will tarnish the soul. André Chevalier
Anonymous|When my wife was asked  "Do you take this man for richer or poorer . . ." she answered  "For richer."
Francis Frangipane|My vision of the gathered church that had come to me... had been replaced by a vision of the gathered community. What I saw now was the community imperfect and irresolute but held together by the frayed and always fraying, incomplete and yet ever-holding bonds of the various sorts of affection. There had maybe never been anybody who had not been loved by somebody, who had been loved by somebody else, and so on and on... It was a community always disappointed in itself, disappointing its members, always trying to contain its divisions and gentle its meanness, always failing and yet always preserving a sort of will toward goodwill. I knew that, in the midst of all the ignorance and error, this was a membership; it was the membership of Port William and of no other place on earth. My vision gathered the community as it never has been and never will be gathered in this world of time, for the community must always be marred by members who are indifferent to it or against it, who are nonetheless its members and maybe nonetheless essential to it. And yet I saw them all as somehow perfected, beyond time, by one another's love, compassion, and forgiveness, as it is said we may be perfected by grace.
Rudyard Kipling, The Light That Failed [Illustrated]|Autumn is leaving its mellowness behind for its spiky, rotted stage. Don't remember summer even saying goodbye.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Joy is a loyal companion, love is a faithful friend, fear is a terrible adversary, and hatred is a merciless enemy.
Sarah Alderson, Hunting Lila|I felt his other hand sear hot against my cheek. He bent his head, and in a voice that Jack couldn’t hear, said, “When you came down the stairs, and fell into me, that was the moment.” Then his lips pressed against mine.
Reinhold Niebuhr|Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Better you than Cameron " McGillicuddy grumbled. "I know where Cameron's been." Sean snorted. Cameron said "I already told you I did NOT come on to Lori.
Charles M. Schulz|In a time not distant, it will be possible to flash any image formed in thought on a screen and render it visible at any place desired. The perfection of this means of reading thought will create a revolution for the better in all our social relations.
Colleen Houck|Wow. I didn’t think it was possible for him to look any more intoxicating than he already did. But a leather clad Ren standing next to the gorgeous racing motorcycle holding his helmet made my brain go numb. I had kind of a this-is-your-brain-on-drugs moment, only mine was more like a this-is-your-brain-on-seeing-Ren-in-tight-leather moment. If they’d been smart, the Ducati Company should have used him in a commercial and given him the bike for free.
Michael  Jackson|Lies run sprints, but the truth runs marathons.
Deyth Banger|It's worth all the pain,Now that I found myself back in your arms again.
Seekerohan|The day we stop yearning, is the day we stop learning.
Loudon Wainwright III|Just know that as long as your family thinks you're amazing, then you really are amazing.
John Scalzi, Redshirts|I was getting away with something in my own way. But then I get here and saw you, brain-dead and with tubes coming out of every part of your body. And I realized I wasn't getting away with anything. Just like you didn't get away with anything. You were just born, fucked around for a while, got hit by a car and died, and that's your whole life story right there. You don't win by getting through all you life not having done anything.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|People are basically the same the world over. Everybody wants the same things - to be happy, to be healthy, to be at least reasonably prosperous, and to be secure. They want friends, peace of mind, good family relationships, and hope that tomorrow is going to be even better than today.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|While he was waiting, leaning on the counter at a coffee place, he remembered the dream he'd had the night before about Antonio Jones, who had been dead for several years now. As before, he asked himself what Jones could have died of, and the one answer that occurred to him was old age. One day, walking down some street in Brooklyn, Antonio Jones had felt tired, sat down on the sidewalk, and a second later stopped existing.
Sesan Kareem|God wants you to bring glory to his name. He desires you to challenge others with your story becoming glory. He aspires to use your exemplary life as a model to today’s and tomorrow’s generations. Yes, He loves to use your life as a beacon of light and a roadmap to achieve extraordinary feat to others. But all He needs you to do is to be faithful with your faith.
Peter Carey|I gripped against her like she was metal and I was all full of lightning, charged up and jagged and of that moment alone.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Larry sat with his arm stretched out along the top of the front seat. His shirt cuff was pulled back by his position and displayed his slim, strong wrist and the lower part of his brown arm lightly covered with fine hairs. The sun shone goldly upon them. Something in Isabel's immobility attracted my attention, and I glanced at her. She was so still that you might have thought her hypnotized. Her breath was hurried. Her eyes were fixed on the sinewy wrist with its little golden hairs and on that long, delicate, but powerful hand, and I have never seen on a human countenance such a hungry concupiscence as I saw then on hers. It was a mask of lust. I would never have believed that her beautiful features could assume an expression of such unbridled sensuality. It was animal rather than human. The beauty was stripped from her face; the look upon it made her hideous and frightening. It horribly suggested the bitch in heat and I felt rather sick.
Andrea Goeglein|It takes a year to be collectively known as "intelligent" but it takes a lifetime to be distinguished as "wise
Leonardo da Vinci|Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
Tim Butcher, Blood River: A Journey to Africa's Broken Heart|The only thing that makes me sad is that I shall be leaving Africa when I die. I love Africa, which is my mother and my father. When I am dead, I shall miss the smell of Africa
Dennis Prager, Dennis Prager: Volume I|There is a morally flawed understanding of ‘peace.’ In much of the world (again, thanks to the left), peace has been so narrowly defined as to be morally irrelevant. It essentially means not having troops fighting in a foreign country. Thus, because the United States has troops fighting in Afghanistan and recently had troops fighting in Iraq, it is considered a ‘threat to peace.’ But Iran, with no troops on foreign soil, is not considered a threat to peace, even though it sustains terror movements, murders its own people, seeks to annihilate Israel, props up the mass murdering Syrian regime and is rapidly developing a nuclear weapon.
Leta B., Your Steady Soul: May you transform your pain, anger, and hurt into wisdom, kindness, and love.|Things have a way of working out. The answers are there if we look for them. I should have learned by now that there is no one else that can give you advice or tell you what the right choice is, you need to trust your intuition, and know that when it doesn't feel right, you need to make a change.
David Wilkerson, Have You Felt Like Giving Up Lately?|When people quit talking to God, they quit talking to one another. And people who quit talking to God soon get very lonely and depressed. They are actually lonely for God, hungering for communion with Him, yearning for His close love and nearness; but instead of recognizing these needs as spiritual, they blame their lack of fulfillment on their husbands or wives.
Krista and Becca Ritchie|Because I don’t want to give you any reason to be mad at me. I don’t want to give you a reason to hate me because, as much as I might have have begged you to do that, you’re the single most important thing in the world to me, Charlie Chase. You’ve become my world. And how do I live in a world where you don’t exist?
George Eliot, Adam Bede|It is very hard to say the exact truth, even about your own immediate feelings – much harder than to say something fine about them which is not the exact truth.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Those whom you spend most of your time with, and the voices you allow to influence your thoughts, play a significant part in who you become and the future you have.
Adam McKay|Bob Hope, like Mark Twain, had a sense of humor that was uniquely American, and like Twain, we'll likely not see another like him.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gambler|I believe he was feeling a bit nervous. Possibly it was my costume that took him aback. I was dressed quite well, even elegantly, and looked as if I belonged to the best society.
Clay Griffith, The Undying Legion|Kate grasped her small handbag and pulled a small blue vial and threw it into the grinding mass. It shattered harmlessly, causing two creatures to pause with a look of confusion."What is that potion?" Simon asked.Kate stared as the two undead things began to shuffle forward again. She glanced into her purse. "Damn it! That was my perfume.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Mate after mate we find ourselves trying to adapt to who they want us to be till eventually we lose our true identity. We spend countless years learning each mate but never take the time to learn ourselves. In the end we know our mates better than we know ourselves. If and when the mate walks away we are stuck living with a stranger, ourselves. If u can't find comfort in urself how can anyone else find comfort in u?
Gary Vaynerchuk|The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.
Lily Blake, Snow White & the Huntsman|It was no good to look back, to apologize for what had happened, or to wonder what could have been different.
Cat Stevens|The companies that survive longest are the one's that work out what they uniquely can give to the world not just growth or money but their excellence, their respect for others, or their ability to make people happy. Some call those things a soul.
Skye High, From Darkness To Diva|Living in a world of darkness doesn't mean we must surrender, but to survive, we need to occasionally unleash the diva from within.
Hannah Anderson, Made for More: An Invitation to Live in God's Image|Your life has intrinsic value, not simply because of who you are as an individual, but because of who He is as your God.
Cassie McCown, Christmas Lites|Life ends with a snap of small bones, a head cracked from its stem, and a spirit unmoored...
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|...the more we learn, the more we realize how much we don't know.
Immanuel Kant, Groundwork of the Metaphysics of Morals|It is impossible to conceive anything at all in the world, or even out of it, which can be taken as good without qualification, except a good will.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|Every person comes with a place. It can be a house, a park, a building. When you meet someone, you are unknowingly meeting a place, a two-for-one deal that neither party is really aware of yet. Regular Joe’s is Marcus’ place. Mine is the library, second floor, nonfiction, the table between the Poker aisle and European History. Two-thousand days of friendship means that we share.
Rudolf Steiner|When preaching is done right, it can change lives. When it's done badly, my failure goes beyond the merely human.
A.D. Posey|In the end, you have to make love to your story and see what happens.
Greg  Curtis|If wishes were horses, I'd need a very big stable.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Positively, the delinquent behavior seems to speak clearly enough. It asks for what we can’t give, but it is in this direction we must go. It asks for manly opportunities to work, make a little money, and have self-esteem; to have some space to bang around in, that is not always somebody’s property; to have better schools to open for them horizons of interest; to have more and better sex without fear or shame; to share somehow in the symbolic goods (like the cars) that are made so much of; to have a community and a country to be loyal to; to claim attention and have a voice. These are not outlandish demands. Certainly they cannot be satisfied directly in our present system; they are baffling. That is why the problem is baffling, and the final recourse is to a curfew, to ordinances against carrying knives, to threatening the parents, to reformatories with newfangled names, and to 1,100 more police on the street.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Not by discovering new wow things you are able to understand the truth about nature, but by changing the very fundamental way of perceiving anything you've ever seen in daily life.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|In so many senseless deaths, beauty is to blame.
Dennis Farina|I like bawdy humor. I love bawdy humor, but not dirty humor.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|I was born near Slonim. I saw my home taken over by the Germans, my sister raped by the Russians and later I escaped from a Russian labour camp and was lucky enough to reach America. I'm not mad. This is the only country in the world where you can arrive with nothing and become a millionaire though damned hard work regardless of your background.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|Women are strange little beasts,' he said to Dr. Coutras. 'You can treat them like dogs, you can beat them till your arm aches, and still they love you.' He shrugged his shoulders. 'Of course, it is one of the most absurd illusions of Christianity that they have souls.
Paula Knoderer Hrbacek, Stars Shine After Dark|Everybody else is doing it is an excuse, not a reason. It could be that everybody else isn't, but the Devil is introducing you to the few that are in the hopes that he can fool you.
Colette, Oeuvres complètes en seize volumes|Wherever they might be they always remember that the past was a lie, that memory has no return, that every spring gone by could never be recovered, and that the wildest and most tenacious love was an ephemeral truth in the end.
Shannon L. Alder|Nowhere in the bible did it say, “Only show compassion and empathy to those you can trust.” If we did that, we would be burying homeless people every day.
Ambrose Bierce, The Collected Writings Of Ambrose Bierce|All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher.
Cavett Robert|I can smite you " Nick grumbled. "Anytime I like.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Fear slams the door on belief, hope, and faith.
Robert Staughton Lynd|No, what I should really like to do right now, in the full blaze of lights, before this illustrious assembly, is to shower every one of you with gifts, with flowers, with offerings of poetry - to be young once more, to ride on the crest of the wave.
Satoshi Kon, Opus|If god is dead, who's going to fix this mess?
Ruth Rendell|It's a fundamental, social attitude that the 1% supports symphonies and operas and doesn't support Johnny learning to program hip-hop beats. When I put it like that, it sounds like, 'Well, yeah,' but you start to think, 'Why not, though?' What makes one more valuable than another?
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|When you’re in love with two people, always choose the second. The fact that you are constantly thinking of the second person makes it obvious that the first will never fulfill you, unless the second person did not fulfill you either. At this point, you have to choose the third person because God is getting a little tired of your inattention and indecisiveness, and is planning on sending a fourth person into your life just to slap you around with the bible for not entering the promised land.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|Only the truth of who you are, if realized, will set you free.
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|She'd made him watch every Alien movie. Most of the goriest scenes were accompanied by his dialogue: 'Ach, that's no' - that's just no' right.... Bloody hell, this canna be right.
John Green, Paper Towns|The way I figure it, everyone gets a miracle. Like, I will probably never be struck by lightening, or win a Nobel Prize, or become the dictator of a small nation in the Pacific Islands, or contract terminal ear cancer, or spontaneously combust. But if you consider all the unlikely things together, at least one of them will probably happen to each of us. I could have seen it rain frogs. I could have stepped foot on Mars. I could have been eaten by a whale. I could have married the Queen of England or survived months at sea. But my miracle was different. My miracle was this: out of all the houses in all the subdivisions in all of Florida, I ended up living next door to Margo Roth Spiegelman.
Hilary Mantel|A little man in a threadbare coat spoke up for the poor as if he really knew what he was talking about. The women with the flowers threw them down for him. “That’s Robert Speer,” one said. “Something like that. He’s our man.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|Heterosexuality is the enjoyment with fear, the pleasure with responsibility and the lust with concerns.
Kim Harrison, Dead Witch Walking|Bug? You sack of sweat stink. I've got farts that smell sweeter than you. Think you're better than me? Poop ice cream cones, do you? Call me a bug! Rachel, let me do him now.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Content sparks our connections with others, our own selves, and the world. What we decide to share is a powerful expression of where we stand and where we want to go. An essential part of the human spirit, this constant information sharing is what ultimately builds the bridges between us. Every image, text, sound, or video that you have released into the world carries a part of you that others can relate to. If actions reveal our priorities, the content we share explains them.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Truth According to Michael|To me, that's the ultimate isolation - to be separated from my own mind.
Lawrence Hill, The Book of Negroes|That, I decided, was what it meant to be a slave: your past didn't matter, in the present you were invisible and you had no claim on the future.
Elena Ferrante|...but I was bored, I could scarcely understand them. I started to borrow novels from the circulating library, and read one after the other. But in the long run they didn't help. They presented intense lives, profound conversations, a phantom reality more appealing than my real life. So, in order to feel as if I were not real, I sometimes went...
Tom Ellis|Unlike other professions - doctor, lawyer, teacher, journalist, sales clerk, stock broker - when a cop makes a bad mistake, it could mean someone is dead. They take home mental baggage unlike anything carried in almost every other job.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|Death, you know, keeps secrets better even than a guilty Roman.
Randy Pausch|Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you.
John Greenleaf Whittier, Tales and Sketches|All-cheering Plenty, with her flowing horn,Led yellow Autumn, wreath'd with nodding 
Cassandra Clare, The Infernal Devices: Clockwork Princess|Perhaps not," said Will, who had ears like a bat's. "But I would make a radiant bride.
Dada Bhagwan|That which the entire world regards as ‘mine’, it is [really] ‘not mine’; this Knowledge itself is the Self, the Soul.
Sylvia Day, Seven Years to Sin|If I could,” he went on, “I would remain like this indefinitely—clasped by you, held inside you, a part of you—without moving at all. When we make love, I fight climax with everything I have. I don’t want to come; I do not want it to end. No matter how long I make it last, it isn’t nearly long enough. I am furious when I cannot hold back any longer. Why, Jess? If all I seek is the physical relief of natural lust, just as I would seek sleep or food, why would I deny myself?”She turned her head and caught his mouth with hers, kissing him desperately.“Tell me you understand,” he demanded, his lips moving beneath hers. “Tell me you feel it, too.”“I feel you,” she breathed, as intoxicated by his ardency as she was by the finest claret. “You have become everything to me.
Judy Polumbaum, China Ink: The Changing Face of Chinese Journalism|I would tell young journalists to be brave and go against the tide. When everyone else is relying on the internet, you should not; when nobody's walking, you should walk; when few people are reading profound books, you should read. ... rather than seeking a plusher life you should pursue some hardship. Eat simple food. When everyone's going for quick results, pursue things of lasting value. Don't follow the crowd; go in the opposite direction. If others are fast, be slow. -- Jin Yongquan
Angela Carter|Life is an operation which is done in a forward direction. One lives toward the future, because to live consists inexorably in doing, in each individual life making itself.
Sinclair Lewis|The only thing a person of my age can do is fall in love secretly, silently, likeI had done with Mariana. Fall in love knowing that all is lost and there is no hope.
Tami Hoag, Ashes to Ashes|And even then, it might not have been too awful, but his head snapped back and he hit a rock, breaking like a blunt molar from the ground.
Charles Caleb Colton|Men spend their lives in anticipations,—in determining to be vastly happy at some period when they have time. But the present time has one advantage over every other—it is our own. Past opportunities are gone, future have not come. We may lay in a stock of pleasures, as we would lay in a stock of wine; but if we defer the tasting of them too long, we shall find that both are soured by age.
Josh Stern|Lila walked by with her nose in the air. In a straight line behind her, six obedient kindergartners waddled like baby geese, singing in unison, 'Row, row, row your yacht...
Colleen Atwood|For contemporary fashion, I'm a huge fan of so many of the people out there. I think Azzedine Alaia holds up through three generations of very specific, beautiful design. I think Jean Paul Gaultier also is very interesting with a long span.
Sapan Saxena|I want to make people around me happy, because I never know that laughter I gave to them would be my last gift I could offer.
Samuel Butler|It has been said that although God cannot alter the past, historians can --it is perhaps because they can be useful to Him in this respect that He tolerates their existence.
Kiera Woodhull, Chaos of the Mind|It is just my imagination that flies,While she is wrapped up in her bedsheetslike a nest.
Ai Mi, Under the Hawthorn Tree|You seem to think you’re insignificant, but the truth is you’re so intelligent, beautiful, kind and decent, adorable. I can’t be the first person to have fallen in love with you, and I won’t be the last. But I do believe I will love you the most.
Arthur W. Pink|I was wrong to insult you, and not only because you are my hosts. I am afraid that I mistook kindness for weakness. My apologies. I stand - only with your aid - profoundly corrected.
Susan  Fletcher, Corrag|What was dark will always be dark, I know that. Death is still death. Hatred will never be far, in this life.But also, there is light. It is everywhere. It floods this world--the world brims with it. Once, I sat by the Coe and watched a shaft of light come down through the trees, through leaves, and wondered if there was a greater beauty, or a simpler one. There are many great beauties. but all of them--from the snow, to his fern-red hair, to my mare's eye reflecting the sky as she smelt the air of Rannoch Moor--have light in them, and are worth it. They are worth the darker parts.
John Taylor Gatto, Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Education|If democracy is the voice of the people, then the AP is its stenographer.
Daniel D. Palmer|Uh, I just had an operation last March which was rather serious and I'm recuperating now. I'm on a very bland diet. But, uh, I'm lucky, I was just lucky, that's all.
Chanakya|I come from a blue collar family, but my personal life isn't. I didn't get the gene that my grandfather had in spades. He was a local hero. Built the church that I went to. Built the house I grew up in. Steamfitter, pipefitter, electrician, mechanic and plumber. I wanted to do those things. But it just didn't come easy.
Plamen Chetelyazov, Flaws of Oblivion|I made a considerable dent in the bourbon reserves of three bars. Maybe I couldn’t quite walk a straight line after that, but I was still thinking up a storm and getting nowhere. I switched to Calvert’s the way the ads tell you, with no better results. I thought maybe if I got in touch with Doc Kincaid and asked him for a list of people who had answered his questions I’d be able to find out if the killer had broken his code. It seemed like a fine idea, but I wasn’t buying any of that, either. It was the professional way to go about things and it might bring results in a month or two or twenty, but I didn’t have the time. I’d drink myself into an alcoholic ward long before that.But Tad Barrett might like the idea and might be able to do more about it with a whole staff of trained operatives.Jason Chase, you are a genius. You must drink to this brilliant idea. You must. You will. But the barman shook his head.“What do you mean, I’ve had enough?”“I mean, I don’t think you ought to take another. Not here.”“That’s ridiculous, my good sir.
John Cusack|I feel close to Lloyd in 'Say Anything'. He was like a super-interesting version of me. Only I'm not as good as him. Whatever part of me is romantic and optimistic, I reached into that to play Lloyd.
Amit Kalantri|If you want you can die any way you want, but no matter how much you try you cannot live the way you want.
Bob Woodward|The people of South Carolina support conservatives who are trying to push real change, and the people of South Carolina expect their presidential candidates to back them up when they show courage.
Shri Purohit Swami, Bhagavad Gita: Annotated & Explained|I saw [Chennai]. It had the usual Indian elements like autos, packed public buses, hassled traffic cops and tiny shops that sold groceries, fruits, utensils, clothes or novelty items. However, it did feel different. First, the sign in every shop was in Tamil. The Tamil font resembles those optical illusion puzzles that give you a headache if you stare at them long enough. Tamil women, all of them, wear flkowers in their hair. Tamil men don't believe in pants and wear lungis even in shopping districts. The city is filled with film posters. The heroes' pictures make you feel even your uncles can be movie stars. The heroes are fat, balding, have thick moustaches and the heroine next to them is a ravishing beauty.
Eugene V. Debs|While there is a lower class, I am in it, while there is a criminal element, I am of it, and while there is a soul in prison, I am not free.
Paul Theroux|And I know this happens because I took economics, and I'd explain it to ya, but I flunked that course. Not my fault. They taught it at 8 o'clock in the morning. And there is absolutely nothing you can learn out of one bloodshot eye.
Belle Aurora, Love Thy Neighbour|Max replies, "Why the fuck n- Oh man, are you gettin' lucky?"I quickly do up Asher's jeans and stand. Max bursts into laughter when he sees my head ascend and chuckles, "Shit, guys. Warn a brother. Did you at least finish?"Ash smiles big fluffling my hair, I tell Max, "I never start something I don't plan to finish."Ash wraps his arm around me and Max shakes his head. He says, "Well if you two don't mind, I think I'm gonna make this a blowjob free zone from now on.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|A candidate with no experience they would package as a citizen politician, a lifetime hack as an elder statesman.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A woman’s elegance will charm you for days,her beauty will charm you for weeks,her grace will charm you for years,and her virtue will charm you for a lifetime.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|My old grandmother always used to say, Summer friends will melt away like summer snows, but winter friends are friends forever.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|America is a country built on unity, hard work and diligent pursuit of personal goals leading to collective success.
Pauline Hanson|The society based on production is only productive, not creative.
Asa Gray|Sid Vicious began the age of participation in which everyone could be the artist. Sid proved that you don't have to play well to be the star. You can play badly, or not even at all. I endorsed that attitude. If you can't write songs, no problem - simply steal one and change it to your taste.
Sandy  Welch|I wish I could tell you how lonely I am. How cold and harsh it is here. Everywhere there is conflict and unkindness. I think God has forsaken this place. I believe I have seen hell and it's white, it's snow-white.
Vince Lombardi Jr.|The dictionary is the only place that success comes before work. work is the key to success, and hard work can help you accomplish anything.
Isabelle Rowan, Ink|This is just a phase, right? This whole bloodlust thing?
MaryJanice Davidson|I jumped 18 cars on a motorcycle, so I did almost everything.
Marine Le Pen|In 1995, Russia virtually gave Chechnya de facto statehood and independence even though, de jure, it didn't recognize Chechnya as an independent state. And I would like to emphasize strongly that Russia withdrew all of its troops, we moved the prosecutors, we moved all the police, dismantled all the courts, completely, 100 percent.
Wendy Beckett, Sister Wendy's Meditations on Joy|In grief, part of the pain comes from our feeling that we should not suffer so - that it is fundamentally alien to our being, this even though we all suffer, and frequently. Yet we reject suffering as a basic human truth, while greeting joy as integral to our very substance.
Simone Biles|My parents know I was outgoing as a child, and whenever people came over, I'd automatically do impressions of them as soon as they left; it was my mom's favorite thing. Yes, I grew up in Hollywood, but not in any rich neighborhood.
Jack Weatherford|Khatun (queen) is one of the most authoritative and magnificent words in the Mongolian language. It conveys regality, stateliness, and great strength. If something resists breaking no matter how much pressure is applied, it is described as khatun. The word can form part of a boy’s or girl’s names, signifying power and firmness combined with beauty and grace. Because of the admitted qualities of khatun, men have often borne names such as Khatun Temur, literally ‘Queen Iron’, and Khatun Baatar, 'Queen Hero’.
Dean Koontz, The City|...maybe that's why this all went wrong. Like fate saying 'hey, you rush me so I'll fuck up everything for you guys.
Toby Frost, Wrath of the Lemming Men|If I die, I want to die for something I believe in and take my word for it, there isn’t much out there. But you, Rachel, you’re worth dying for.” - Tristan Jacobs
Mishi McCoy|If you don't understand another person then don't be quick to judge them. Judgment comes from the reasoning mind of logic. Rather, seek to understand others from your heart space. Discernment provides clarity and clarity will always make provision for higher levels of understanding. Love is magick of itself and we are Love's vessels by choice, not by chance.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|I cried harder. I didn't want to, but I couldn't stop myself.I couldn't stop myself, so I thought about all the bad things and I fed it and fed it until I was crying so hard I had to gasp for breath between sobs.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The tedium of existence and feeling imprisoned in a deplorable job can cause a person to consider the most expedient escape route from suffering including flirting with suicide. Fernando Pessoa wrote in “The Book of Disquiet” of his own feelings of uneasiness and sense of discouragement. “I suffer from life and from other people. I cannot look at reality face to face. Even the sun discourages and depresses me. Only at night and all alone, withdrawn, forgotten, and lost, with no connection to anything useful or real – only then do I find myself comforted.
Robert A. Heinlein|Anybody can look at a pretty girl and see a pretty girl. An artist can look at a pretty girl and see the old woman she will become. A better artist can look at an old woman and see the pretty girl that she used to be. But a great artist-a master-and that is what Auguste Rodin was-can look at an old woman, protray her exactly as she is...and force the viewer to see the pretty girl she used to be...and more than that, he can make anyone with the sensitivity of an armadillo, or even you, see that this lovely young girl is still alive, not old and ugly at all, but simply prisoned inside her ruined body. He can make you feel the quiet, endless tragedy that there was never a girl born who ever grew older than eighteen in her heart...no matter what the merciless hours have done to her. Look at her, Ben. Growing old doesn't matter to you and me; we were never meant to be admired-but it does to them.
Sarah Caudwell, Thus Was Adonis Murdered|A : I know what you're going to say, B.B : Yes, I've dreamed about this chat, A.
Skyla Madi, Without a Heartbeat|That's the thing with keeping up appearances, Rose; people will do anything to get one and anything to keep one.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|The trip doesn’t exist that can set you beyond the reach of cravings, fits of temper, or fears … so long as you carry the sources of your troubles about with you, those troubles will continue to harass and plague you wherever you wander on land or on sea. Does it surprise you that running away doesn’t do you any good? The things you’re running away from are with you all the time.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|The four men were in the kitchen laughing over breakfast when the door slammed open with such force that it knocked a picture off the wall. In unison, they jumped to their feet, not knowing what had hit them. “What?! It wasn’t enough for you to shoot me and kidnap me, so you had to go and butcher my hair? IS THAT IT?” she yelled at the top of her lungs.
Tom Chatfield|Right at the start, when I was about 13 or 14, I only had an Amiga 500 Plus running a bit of tracker software called OctaMED. My brother was big into his computers, and when he moved up to a proper PC, I took charge of the Amiga.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Role models are only of limited use. For no-one is as important, potentially powerful and as key in your life and world as you.
Alex Stargazer, The Sandman|Moreover, in order to understand any man one must be deliberate and careful to avoid forming prejudices and mistaken ideas, which are very difficult to correct and get over afterwards.
Anna Akhmatova, Sobranie Sochinenii V Shesti Tomakh|A nation will never be vanished by subjugation or oppression, unless they get used to.
Oprah Winfrey, The Best of Oprah's What I Know For Sure|You did the best you could, the best you knew how at the time." It was something like that. From Oprah on an Oprah show. Then I believe my quote above was from Maya Angelou on the Oprah show, not Oprah herself. I had heard it before but it was on Oprah's show again 1-7-09 and she said Maya had said it.
Sunday Adelaja|Although I had nothing to offer in return, I came to understand that there was something beneficially reciprocal happening to the people who were blessing me. For a few minutes, they suspended their normal egocentric lives, placed a fellow human being in higher priority than themselves, and expressed their hopes for the other's peace and well-being. In so doing, they inevitably lived life on a higher plane, if only for a few moments. It always smelled like the kingdom of God to me.
Stella Oladiran, Winning Formulas|Friendship is not by force but by choice.You can never please everybody, he who aims to please everybody will end up pleasing nobody.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Finally, the truth. Lying with his face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where he had once thought he was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that he was not supposed to survive.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|There's something more surprising than becoming a bestseller, and that's receiving messages of hate by other fellow authors.
Avijeet Das|I get into beatific cornucopia when I delve into books, coffee, and wanderings!
Channing Tatum|I think it would be cool if you were writing a ransom note on your computer, if the paper clip popped up and said, 'Looks like you're writing a ransom note. Need help? You should use more forceful language, you'll get more money.'
Marcel Marceau|I can't create music if I'm wearing a mask and not being myself, and that was the problem with The Czars.
Robin Sacredfire|There had been no enemies, just one single adversary, herself; her future had been killed by her own imprudence, by the reckless Salina pride; and now, just at the moment when her memories had come alive again after so many years, she found herself even without the solace of being able to blame her own unhappiness on others, a solace which is the last protective device of the desperate.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Oh, my dear, if you only knew how strange is the matter regarding which I am here, it is you who would laugh. I have learned not to think little of any one's belief, no matter how strange it may be. I have tried to keep an open mind, and it is not the ordinary things of life that could close it, but the strange things, the extraordinary things, the things that make one doubt if they be mad or sane.
Louis Farrakhan|As I suffer in the defence of my Country, I must consider this hour as the most glorious of my life -Remember that I die as becomes a British Officer, while the manner of my death must reflect disgrace on your Commander.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Because I am not yet living up to what Jesus expects me to be in those red letters in the Bible, I always define myself as somebody who is saved by God's grace and is on his way to becoming a Christian. (...) Being saved is trusting in what Christ did for us, but being Christian is dependent on the way we respond to what he did for us.
Deyth Banger|There is nothing so cunning as tangled deception. If you wish to seek out the truth, first uncover the lies that surround the illusion...
Kelly J. Volpe, Unbreakable|Love is one of life’s greatest pleasures, as it is one of life’s greatest perils.
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|Preparing the communal evening meal sometimes caused arguments. Every village in Sicily had a different recipe for squid and eels, disagreed on what herbs should be disbarred from the tomato sauce. And whether sausages should ever be baked.
Masashi Kishimoto, Naruto, Vol. 16: Eulogy|When a person dies, he disappears, along with his past, current lifestyle, and his future. Many people die in missions and wars. They die easily and in surprisingly simple ways. Hayate was one of them. Those who died had hopes and dreams, but everyone has something as important as those: parents, siblings, friends, lovers; people who are important to you, they trust and help each other. The bond between the people important to you ever since birth and the string that binds them becomes thicker and stronger as time goes by... It's beyond reason. Those bound to you by that string will do that because it is important.
Jane Campion|There's no artist in this world that doesn't enjoy the dream that if they have bad reviews now, the story of Keats can redeem them, in their fantasy or imagination, in the future. I think Keats' poem 'Endymion' is a really difficult poem, and I'm not surprised that a lot of people pulled it apart in a way.
Krista Ritchie, Addicted for Now|Have you killed a man, drowned a crocodile, hunted a wolf, or raped an abuser? Stop pretending you love someone.
Debasish Mridha|I am an optimist, I always hope for the best.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|You wanted to become a doctor to help people and feel better at the end of your job, I think, watching them, as the nurse takes my hand. But I don't think you do feel better at the end of the day. You look like humans have constantly disappointed you.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|The emphasis of the churches were not in how much work or home keeping is done in the four walls of the church itself, they rather told the Protestants to go prove their love to God at their work places through the quality of their works
Oscar Wilde|If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want.
Cupcake Brown|If you want self-esteem.” “Do estimable acts” ~ V, from A Piece of Cake: Memoir
Martin Buber, Between Man and Man|Trust, trust in the world, because this human being exists - that is the most inward achievement of the relation in education. Because this human being exists, meaninglessness, however hard pressed you are by it, cannot be the real truth. Because this human being exists, in the darkness the light lies hidden, in fear salvation, and in the callousness of one's fellow-men the great Love.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Minority conservatives hold a special place of gutter contempt in the minds of unhinged liberals, who can never accept the radical concept of a person of color rejecting identity politics.
Plutarch|I am a free spirit. I am very impulsive. I put the most trust in people chance after chance, regardless of how they treat me.
Liezi|Why play, lounge or labour in a social wasteland? It's toxicity is contagious, and no respecter of persons. Fall back!
Karthikeyan V|New Rule: You can't put a windmill in your campaign ad if you voted against every single bill that might lead to someone building one. As long as you're sending a camera crew to a farm, why not just take a picture of actual bullshit?
Daniel H. Wilson|Tracing the beginnings of the interwoven stories of science can be arbitrary, as beginnings are so often lost in the mists of time.
Anna North, The Life and Death of Sophie Stark|It’s hard for me to talk about love,' she said. 'I think movies are the way I do that.
Cristiane Serruya, The Modern Man: A philosophical divagation about the evil banality of daily acts|This is the Modern Man. The man who seeks himself without ever seeking, because he does not want to find;The man who does not hesitate to criticize the other, although he behaves in the same way;
William Shakespeare|Make the doors upon a woman's wit,and it will out at the casement;shut that, and 'twill out at the key-hole;stop that, 'twill fly with the smoke out at the chimney.
Mara Joaquin, Lost in the Sky|I believe that life always has a way of surprising you, for better or for worse," he looks at me once more, his eyes holding mine captive in its strong hold. "And that you always have a choice as to how the story ends...
Star Trek V|Let go of the idea of winningor losing. In the game of life,the most important thingis just showing upand doing your best.
Charles Dickens, The Pickwick Papers|The glow dies down, and she's standing at the end of my bed--the one who's been following me around leaving feather messages. I take in the torn fishnets, plaid mini-kilt, shiny, riveted breastplate with leather straps at the sides and a worn Great Temolo decal near the left shoulder. Her wings are a crazy black-and-white-checkered pattern, like they've been spray-painted at a body shop to look like hipster sneakers.
Mia Hopkins, Cowboy Cocktail|If you understand this…” he said, “I could give the word and have you beheaded right now…” his voice was soft as velvet and incredibly sexy in a macabre way. I shivered. He nibbled on the edge of my ear and whispered, “But I won’t do that.
Kathryn Holmes|Jonah is something. Jonah’s opinion matters. And she doesn’t want him to hurt because of her.She and Jonah will never be what they were. Too much has happened. But maybe they could become something else.She decides to take the first step. “Jonah,” she says.He looks over at her. “I’m sorry,” he says, voice low.“Don’t be. I forgive you,” she tells him. It sounds so formal. I forgive you. But it helps to say it out loud.“Thanks. I don’t know if I deserve that. But thanks.”“You do. Of course you do.” Hallelujah says it firmly. “And—I want to.” I’ve missed you, she adds silently. She’s not ready to say that part. Not yet.
Tatyana Eckstrand, The Librarian's Book of Quotes|I became interested in librarians while researching my first book, about obituaries. With the exception of a few showy eccentrics, like the former soldier in Hitler's army who had a sex change and took up professional whistling, the most engaging obit subjects were librarians. An obituary of a librarian could be about anything under the sun, a woman with a phenomenal memory, who recalled the books her aging patrons read as children—and was also, incidentally, the best sailor on her stretch of the Maine coast—or a man obsessed with maps, who helped automate the Library of Congress's map catalog and paved the way for wonders like Google Maps.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Mama says it’s just her nature. Some people are flowers, and some are thorns.
Ambrose Bierce|Today's public figures can no longer write their own speeches or books, and there is some evidence that they can't read them either. 
Saahil Prem|A Grandmother thinks of her grandchildren day and night, even when they are not with her.She will always love them more than anyone would understand.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|The Cameroonian soul is genuine. It is noble, and it embodies humanism.
George Sheehan, Running & Being: The Total Experience|Running keeps me at a physical peak and sharpens my senses. It makes me touch and see and hear as if for the first time. Through it I get through the first barrier to true emotions, the lack of integration with the body. Into it I escape from the pettiness and triviality of everyday life. And, once inside,stop the daily pendulum perpetually oscillating between distraction and boredom...It is the swing from boredom to anxiety, from depression to worry, that exhausts and defeats us. The sure knowledge that we can be much more than we are frustrates us.
Sunday Adelaja|We must lift our hands to God in prayer, crying out to Him to help us fulfill what He has called us for, to fulfill His will
Sherwood Smith, Remalna's Children|What's it really like to always be the prettiest person in a room? Dos it mean you're always acting as if in a play, because no one stops looking at you?''Life is a play, isn't it?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The pleasures of being a novelist are many.  But the greatest by far is the manner in which I live through my characters; experiencing every detail of their story as it unfolds gradually and personally within my own creative psyche.  I'm like a cat with untold lives, because each new book is my rebirth.
Hope Larson|I turn back to the Archers, who don’t look like the same species as us. Do they even sweat, these people?
G.L. Breedon|That’s crazy,” Gabriel said. “We must be seventy million years in the past.”“Nearly a hundred and twenty-five million,” Ohin said. “It seems far, but time is really interrelational. Every moment is just as far from every other.“Right,” Gabriel said. “Of course. That makes perfect sense.” Sema was right. He was at a breaking point. And he broke right past it. His eyes rolled up in his head and he passed out, falling back into the mattress of the bed.
Kris Kidd|Sadly, psychiatric training still includes far too little on the very serious psychiatric sequelae of childhood trauma, especially CSA [child sexual abuse]. There is inadequate recognition within mental health services of the prevalence and importance of Dissociative Disorders, sufferers of which are frequently misdiagnosed as Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD), or, in the cases of DID, schizophrenia.This is to some extent understandable as some of the features of DID appear superficially to mimic those of schizophrenia and/or Borderline Personality Disorder.
Deyth Banger|Oh, oh, I'm so sorry I just forgot that what I ask it can not be answered why??You don't the rights to answer it, you don't have the guts, you are afraid aren't you?
Loves Running|Running was Clover's favorite thing to do, after reading. She loved the way the cement felt hard and unforgiving under her feet until she reached the park and the dirt path that wound its way alongside the Truckee River.She liked the wind in her face and how it smelled like water. And the way Mango ran beside her, keeping her company. But most of all she liked the way the steady pace untangled her thoughts.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|Power has always corrupted, my dear. Even the promise of power. It is a hard thing to look at through the fence for hundreds of years without wondering what it would be like on the other side.
Cornel West|Everybody in those days was a foreigner, no matter where they were born; as industrial modernization had its way with people and places, no one was native to the transformation of the United States from an agricultural economy to the foremost industrial power in the world--the factory being both the cause and the effect of an act of becoming, the likes of which nobody had ever seen before.
Jim Gorant, The Lost Dogs: Michael Vick's Dogs and Their Tale of Rescue and Redemption|The strangest thing has happened. I really missed my dog. That's never happened to me before. You know, on a long tour you do hear people saying they miss their pets. I never have. But last night I started really missing my dog. It's very odd, 'cause I don't have a dog.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|I believe that the military-industrial state will eventually collapse, possibly even in our lifetime, and that a majority of us (if prepared) will muddle through to a freer, more open, less crowded, green and spacious agrarian society. (Maybe; of course it may be only a repeat of the middle ages.)
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|A man's genius seems to befriend the more when he reads with open heart, the masterpiece of masterminds, the sagacity of sages, and the ingenious words of geniuses of ages.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|God does not play games with His loyal servants", said the Metatron, but in a worried tone of voice."Whoopee", said Crowley.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|Dignity is an affectation, cute but eccentric, like learning French or collecting scarves.
Holly LeCraw, The Half Brother|What comes from sorrow, watered by tears, grows something of beauty. A salt garden. And so this I leave behind. A harvest for those who find their way into my life and I into theirs.
Ufuoma Apoki|We stand strong, or we cower. We emerge victorious, tempered by our trials , or fractured by a permanent, damming fault line.
Elizabeth Norris, Unraveling|Lives are made of strings of moments, and every once in a while, one of those moments is pivotal and defining. It changes everything, alters you so completely that when you look back, there’s a clear before and after
Juan Antonio Samaranch|Throughout its history, the international Olympic Committee has struggled to spread its ideal of fraternity, friendship, peace and universal understanding.
Alice Munro, Hateship, Friendship, Courtship, Loveship, Marriage: Stories|The thing I miss most from home, is having a home.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|But to dream you first must know the sleep of men. You do not smell of sleep, you do not smell of dreams. You smell of an eternity born of unremembered beginning.
Henry Rollins|I am ready for whatever's coming. I expect nothing but to be let down or turned away. I am alone. Goddamn. The shit hurts sometimes, but I realize what I am, what I have become.
Jim Wallis|The media seems to think only abortion and gay marriage are religious issues. Poverty is a moral issue, it's a faith issue, it's a religious issue.
Elizabeth Hawes, Fashion is Spinach|There are no good tights, It´s all such a rare sight... Gently, I put one in. Holes are within! They´re only good for a fight.
Bogdan Vaida|If you don't keep track of great ideas, you'll stop noticing you have them.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You attract who you are being. When you work at being the type of person that you want to attract, you attract those kinds of people into your life.
Liberty Ross|Me and the Dap-Kings, the whole band is playing a wedding band in 'The Wolf of Wall Street.'
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano!
Sharon L. Reddy|Despite centuries of English literature, the most famous split infinitive in all of history comes from Star Trek.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Lectures and Conversations on Aesthetics, Psychology and Religious Belief|An hour in her presence, and he was ready to hit his knees, submit to her every whim.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|My mother and father were always pushing me away from secondhand answers—even the answers they themselves believed. I don’t know that I have ever found any satisfactory answers of my own. But every time I ask it, the question is refined. That is the best of what the old heads meant when they spoke of being “politically conscious”—as much a series of actions as a state of being, a constant questioning, questioning as ritual, questioning as exploration rather than the search for certainty.
Wendell Berry, Hannah Coulter|It comes down to this. When we die, not only will our bodies be gone, but so will the people we remember. We live in the world, and we recall the world, and one day we won't do either anymore. The church bells will ring and the drunks will drink.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|After all, what was adult life but one moment of weakness piled on top of another? Most people just fell in line like obedient little children, doing exactly what society expected of them at any given moment, all the while pretending that they’d actually made some sort of choice.
Johnny Corn|Wherever people gather for selfless ends, there is a vast augmentation of their individual capacities. Something wonderful, something momentous happens. An irresistible force begins to move, which, though we may not see it, is going to change our world.
Svetlana Boym|Nostalgia was diagnosed [as a medical illness] at a time when art and science had not yet entirely severed their umbilical ties and when the mind and body internal and external well-being were treated together...Our progeny well might poeticize depression and see it as a global atmospheric condition, immune to treatment with Prozac.
Chandan Sharma|If I'll be funnier than this, I'll become a joke.
John Gardner, The Art of Fiction: Notes on Craft for Young Writers|What is good is difficult, and what is difficult is rare.
Dana Marton, Girl in the Water|She sashayed into the kitchen like she lived there, and grabbed two glasses from the counter, rinsed them in the sink, all very domestic.	His eyes strayed to her breasts. “You came to do dishes?”	“I came to come.” She winked, smiling from ear to ear.	“Gotta appreciate a straight-talking woman.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|Who has a right to tell me I have no gift, no talent, no passion ...' he murmured. 'Why do people say those things to you when youre young? Doesn't seem fair, does it?''No, darling, it's not fair,'she said. 'But the mystery is why you listen.
Anne Hathaway|I always had to diet. I'm diabetic, so it's a lifestyle for me anyway just to stay healthy and not end up in the hospital.
Pink|I find a lot of poetry very disappointing, but I do have poets that I go back to. One book of poetry that I'd like to mention is 'The Exchange' by Sophie Cabot Black. Her poems are difficult without being too difficult.
Richard Branson|A successful economic development strategy must focus on improving the skills of the area's workforce, reducing the cost of doing business and making available the resources business needs to compete and thrive in today's global economy.
Kelly Moran, Exposure|I remain someone of little consequence, as if nothing more than dandelion fluff caught on a breeze.
Claudia Putnam|I beam back at her. Fuck the surgery, fuck the kids, fuck the men in our lives or no longer in our lives. This is sweet. When she catches up with me, I say, How many, just how many forty-plus women would do that?We gaze back up at the face bleeding into the chute we’ve just skied. We *did* that, I crow. Someone should love us just for that. --Hangfire
Heather Day Gilbert, Trial by Twelve|My dear husband Thomas has informed me that I can't walk without natural hip action. The more I slow to adjust my walk, the more my hips determine to swing of their own accord.
Robert Browning, Men and Women and Other Poems|Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp,Or what's a heaven for?
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Perhaps walking is best imagined as an 'indicator species,' to use an ecologist's term. An indicator species signifies the health of an ecosystem, and its endangerment or diminishment can be an early warning sign of systemic trouble. Walking is an indicator species for various kinds of freedom and pleasures: free time, free and alluring space, and unhindered bodies.
Susan Sontag|Strictly speaking, there is no such thing as collective memory--part of the same family of spurious notions as collective guilt. But there is collective instruction....What is called collective memory is not a remembering but a stipulating: that this is important, and this is the story about how it happened, with the pictures that lock the story in our minds.
Najwa Zebian, Mind Platter|But it's this one boy, hanging over a barre, sharing his history, who ended up here with me, in this moment, by pure fate. I wonder what it would be like to kiss him.
Roxanna Aliba Kazibwe|Her eyes stung from crying for so long and having some tears dry on them. Her body was weak from the exercise but she did not feel better. While she was crying she had wanted someone, anyone to come and hold her. She had crawled into her closet, hoisted herself up onto the shelf that had duvets and bedsheets and curled herself among those. Now she knew that no hug could erase her pain, no sort of embrace could bind up her heart. She needed a new heart it seemed, her old heart was beyond repair.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|The last glow of sundown dims away. Stars appear in the east. Night encloses us. The ocean seems to enlarge. When you’re adrift at night, imagination and perception merge. They have to. You can’t see as well, as far, as deep. You tie knots by muscle memory, and you operate your reel mostly by feel. Your boat drifts, your thoughts drift. You sense the sweep of tide and water, and the boat gets rocked in turbulence just past each undersea ridgeline and boulder field. You, too, are looking up, searching constellations, dreaming. You fell again how flexible and expansive your mind can be when it’s working right. And you slip your leash to explore the vast vault of sky and great interior spaces.
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|It must take a lot of self-discipline,' she said.'Oh, I don't know. I don't have much.' He felt himself about to say again, and unable to resist saying, that 'Dumas, I think it was Dumas, some terrifically prolific Frenchman, said that writing novels is a simple matter - if you write one page a day, you'll write one novel a year, two pages a day, two novels a year, three pages, three novels, and so on. And how long does it take to cover a page with writing? Twenty minutes? An hour? So you see. Very easy really.''I don't know,' she said, laughing. 'I can't even bring myself to write a letter.''Oh, now that's hard.'("Novelty")
Italo Calvino|Who are we, who is each one of us, if not a combinatoria of experiences, information, books we have read, things imagined?
Marissa Meyer, Cress|Everyone is trying to impress everyone else, trying to make themselves out to be smarter or more confident than they actually are.
D.A. Henneman, Sea of Dreams|I like to believe magic is all around us, finding its way into everyday life one miracle at a time.
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|If the home is a body, the table is the heart, the beating center, the sustainer of life and health.
Lorrie Moore, Bark: Stories|Still, as messed-up as it was, I really liked the feel of her bare arms and the smell of her hair. I got mad at myself right away and told myself I wasn't one of those guys, told myself it was just the hit to the head that was making me think that way.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|It's just sex, Blake. Isn't that what you said to me the last time? No emotions. Just sex.”“I'll only end up hurting you,” I say to the wall. “Worse than I did before.”He moves from the back of the sofa and comes to stand directly in front of me. His dick is mere inches from my mouth. I have to swallow several times to keep from using my tongue on it. I close my eyes.“I can't, Seth. If I take you now I'll be rough and I'll end up hurting you in other ways.”“Being rough wasn't a concern of yours before.”“I'm not the same person I was before.
Andy Serkis|Oaths are but words, and words are but wind.
Michael Crichton, Jurassic Park / Congo|Oh Beautiful for smoggy skies, insecticided grain,For strip-mined mountain's majesty above the asphalt plain.America, America, man sheds his waste on thee,And hides the pines with billboard signs, from sea to oily sea.
Black Elk|The first peace, which is the most important, is that which comes within the souls of people when they realize their relationship, their oneness with the universe and all its powers, and when they realize at the center of the universe dwells the Great Spirit, and that its center is really everywhere, it is within each of us.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|You are a perfect woman, a magical blend of beauty, intelligence, and spirit. Without you, my life is nothing.
Dorothy Gambrell, Cat and Girl Volume I|For him that stealeth, or borroweth and returneth not, this book from its owner, let it change into a serpent in his hand and rend him. Let him be struck with palsy, and all his members blasted. Let him languish in pain, crying aloud for mercy, and let there be no surcease to this agony till he sing in dissolution. Let bookworms gnaw his entrails in token of the worm that dieth not, and when at last he goeth to his last punishment, let the flames of hell consume him for
Christopher Hitchens, The Portable Atheist: Essential Readings for the Nonbeliever|[R]eligion was the race's first (and worst) attempt to make sense of reality. It was the best the species could do at a time when we had no concept of physics, chemistry, biology or medicine. We did not know that we lived on a round planet, let alone that the said planet was in orbit in a minor and obscure solar system, which was also on the edge of an unimaginably vast cosmos that was exploding away from its original source of energy. We did not know that micro-organisms were so powerful and lived in our digestive systems in order to enable us to live, as well as mounting lethal attacks on us as parasites. We did not know of our close kinship with other animals. We believed that sprites, imps, demons, and djinns were hovering in the air about us. We imagined that thunder and lightning were portentous. It has taken us a long time to shrug off this heavy coat of ignorance and fear, and every time we do there are self-interested forces who want to compel us to put it back on again.
Hamzatribah|single universe, many planets,many continents, and many countries, my country Nigeria will never be like others.
Dennis Flanagan|There are so many opportunities where people are thirsting: young people who are preparing for Confirmation, young adults who are searching, people of every age. There's a great thirst, I think, of people to come to understand and to belong to the Church of Christ.
Brian  Doyle, The Wet Engine: Exploring Mad Wild Miracle of Heart|The child's heart beat: but she was growing in the wrong place inside her extraordinary mother, south of safe...she and her mother were rushed to the hospital, where her mother was operated on by a brisk cheerful diminutive surgeon who told me after the surgery that my wife had been perhaps an hour from death from the pressure of the child growing outside the womb, the mother from the child growing, and the child from growing awry; and so my wife did not die, but our mysterious child did...Not uncommon, an ectopic pregnancy, said the surgeon...Sometimes, continued the surgeon, sometimes people who lose children before they are born continue to imagine the child who has died, and talk about her or him, it's such an utterly human thing to do, it helps deal with the pain, it's healthy within reason, and yes, people say to their other children that they actually do, in a sense, have a sister or brother, or did have a sister or brother, and she or he is elsewhere, has gone ahead, whatever the language of your belief or faith tradition. You could do that. People do that, yes. I have patients who do that, yes...One summer morning, as I wandered by a river, I remembered an Irish word I learned long ago, and now whenever I think of the daughter I have to wait to meet, I find that word in my mouth: dunnog, little dark one, the shyest and quietest and tiniest of sparrows, the one you never see but sometimes you sense, a flash in the corner of your eye, a sweet sharp note already fading by the time it catches your ear.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To grant the power of a weapon master to anyone at all, without effort, without training and proof that the lessons have taken hold, is to deny the responsibility that comes with such power.
Stephen Richards|You put yourself where you are, and if you find yourself unsatisfied with how you are, then get yourself out of it.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Death It does not happen to the dead aloneThose left behind, die tooIn parts that would never heal and come back to life(Page 14)
Rachel Held Evans|Whatever doubt might rise, he knew that he was right. But the rightness was an intellectual rightness and the doubt emotional.
Ryan Mecum, Zombie Haiku: Good Poetry for Your...Brains|There is something at work in my soul, which I do not understand.
Faith Baldwin, Harvest of Hope|You think winter will never end, and then, when you don't expect it, when you have almost forgotten it, warmth comes and a different light.
Amy Chua|Most moms and dads, they want to be good moms and dads. But it's an incredibly hard job when you are stressed out, when you are poor, when your life is in chaos. And giving them some of the tools to be better parents, to whittle away at that parenting gap, gives those kids a much better starting point in life.
Gregory B. Sadler|No scientist ever begins his work de novo; while he works with the methodological questioning of what he has already known he builds on knowledge already achieved and engages in a movement of advance. But it is one of the worst characteristics of theological study, whether in biblical interpretation or in dogmatic formulation, that every scholar nowadays thinks he must start all over again, and too many give the impression that no one ever understood this or that until they came along.
William Hazlitt|But all those weeks with Nate, however fake they might have been, did do one thing for me. Whether the rest of world saw me that way, I knew now that I was strong, and I was beautiful, just the way I was. And girls like me needed gorgeous clothes too.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Which epitaph would you choose for your grave-stone: "He made lots of money." or "He saved the Earth"? And don't think I'm being sarcastic, because for once, I'm not. We're all going to die. What will be your legacy? Smaug-loads of money? or Saving the Earth? It's your choice.
Vaishnavi Hajari|Be glad that I haven't take out the pen, the rubber and the pencil once taken... all will die.
victor adeagbo|Well, you know, that was the worst of it - this suspicion of not being inhuman. It would come slowly to one. They howled and leaped, and spun, and made horrid faces; but what thrilled you was just the thought of their humanity - like yours - the thought of your remote kinship with this wild and passionate uproar.
Miriam Makeba|Autism is a neurological disorder. It's not caused by bad parenting. It's caused by, you know, abnormal development in the brain. The emotional circuits in the brain are abnormal. And there also are differences in the white matter, which is the brain's computer cables that hook up the different brain departments.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Quest|For, he (The Devil) observed, the issue of the great battle of Good and Evil had been otherwise settled, as he would presently show him. "It wants but a few moments of night," he continued, "and over this interval of twilight, as you know, I have been given complete control. Look to the West.("The Legend of Monte Del Diablo")
Libba Bray, Lair of Dreams|It's not only what we have inherited from our father and mother that walks in us. It's all sorts of dead ideas, and lifeless old beliefs, and so forth. They have no vitality, but they cling to us all the same, and we can't get rid of them.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|Imagine, if you will:Meradinis!The stuff myths are made of! The Turtle Island of the stars – home planet to the fearsome and once legendary Corsairs. The very name of this world immediately grabbed the imaginations of young boys and girls, and universally mesmerize dreamers and romantics alike. The truth though was less romantic – and as reality so often demonstrates in real life - instead rather ugly and brutal. The Corsairs were not corn-ball comics that went about with parrots on their shoulders, saying “Arr!” to everything they encountered. They were anything but. Behind the Corsairs and their culture lay a history fraught with a struggle to survive, a vengefulness and a cruelty – and a drive to survive by preying upon others that struck fear into the hearts of neighboring fringe worlds.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|Well, I'm not here to impinge on anybody else's lifestyle. If I'm in a place where I know I'm going to harm somebody's health or somebody asks me to please not smoke, I just go outside and smoke. But I do resent the way the nonsmoking mentality has been imposed on the smoking minority. Because, first of all, in a democracy, minorities do have rights. And, second, the whole pitch about smoking has gone from being a health issue to a moral issue, and when they reduce something to a moral issue, it has no place in any kind of legislation, as far as I'm concerned.
Trent Franks|To me, the two things that Gal Gadot - who is an amazing actress, and she played a great Wonder Woman - but the true things that she actually has inside of her are this incredible warmth and charm that is also informed by great intelligence. It's those two things.
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|So the mathematician and the artist are companioned in the same dark, and do obeisance to the same gods.
Lewis Carroll|When asked to borrow money: "I'll see what my lawyer says. . . . And if he says yes  I'll get another lawyer."
Fiona Wood, Cloudwish|She'd always been comforted by how many words there were in the English language -- more than a million. With so many words surely anything could be said, everything could be under
James Crumley, The Last Good Kiss|Nobody lives forever, nobody stays young long enough. My past seemed like so much excess baggage, my future a series of long goodbyes, my present an empty flask, the last good drink already bitter on my tongue.
Lissa Bryan, Ghostwriter|Seth: "I write of love in my novels, write of it well, if my critics and fans are to be believed, but in all of my years at that typewriter, I never found the combination of words that would convey how I felt about you. You were my everything.
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|...someone who knows she is beautiful, who is always told that she is beautiful, but who, deep down, does not feel very beautiful.
Frank Butler|I kept my babies fed. I could have dumped them, but I didn't. I decided that whatever trip I was on, they were going with me. You're looking at a real daddy.
Colette|Having a bunch of cats around is good. If you're feeling bad, just look at the cats, you'll feel better, because they know that everything is, just as it is.
Dipin Damodharan|Life is not about reasons, explanations, interpretations, or solutions. It's all about actions and reactions.
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|Good fiction doesn’t claim to mirror reality at all. It indicts reality by providing a paradigm of shape and order and justice—the way we all know things should be—without suggesting that’s how things really are. Good fiction is the mirage that declares itself a mirage, yet compels us to faith through its beauty. Good fiction is the dream that’s too good to be true, so perfect and symmetrical that it gives itself away every time. But it doesn’t trick you into suspending your disbelief by trying to look anything like reality. Good fiction makes you acutely, painfully aware of your disbelief, and makes you believe anyway. And when it’s done well—when it’s done right—good fiction is more real than reality.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|The word bollocks seems strong, punk rock, and imposing, but in reality, bollocks is always too tame to make much of an impact.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|I love my Pain,Because this is the only gift which i received by My most loving person.and its so costly for me
Swami Dhyan Giten|When I was 15 years old, I came in contact with my first ashram, my first spiritual commune, in the form of Ljusbacken ("The Hill of Light") in Delsbo in beautiful Halsingland in the north of Sweden. Ljusbacken consisted of an international gathering of yogis, meditators, therapists, healers and seekers of truth. It was on Ljusbacken that I for the first time came in contact with my path in life: meditation.It was also on Ljusbacken that I meet people for the first time in my 15 year old life, where I on a deep wordless level felt that I meet people, who were on the same path as me. It was the first time that I meet people, who could put words on and confirm my own inner thirst after something that I could only occasionally sense vaguely, like some sort of inner guiding presence, or like a beacon in the distant far out on the open and misty ocean. For the first time in my life, I meet brothers, sisters and friends on the inner path. It was also on Ljusbacken that I meet the mystery called love for the first time in my 15 year old life. With my 15 year old eyes, I watched with wide eyed fascination and fear filled excitement the incomprehensible mystery, which is called woman.My own thirst after truth, together with my inner guiding light, resulted in an early spiritual awakening when I was 15 years old. It led me back to the inner path, which I have already followed for many lives. It led me back to a life lived with vision, with dedication and meaning, and not only a life governed by the endless desires of the ego, a mere vegetating without substance between life and death. It led me to explore the inner journey again, to discover the inner being, the meditative quality within, and to come in intimate contact with the endless and boundless ocean of consciousness, like the drop surrenders to the sea. At the source, the drop and ocean are one.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|Our love was a two-person game. At least until one of us died, and the other became a murderer. 
Christopher Lee|If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|As exits go, that's a good one." It was pretty hard to have the last word with a vampire.
Carl Sagan, Broca's Brain: Reflections on the Romance of Science|Might it be possible at some future time, when neurophysiology has advanced substantially, to reconstruct the memories or insight of someone long dead?...It would be the ultimate breach of privacy.
Santosh Kalwar, A Very First Book Of Poems: Heartbreak|November comesAnd November goes,With the last red berriesAnd the first white snows.With night coming early,And dawn coming late,And ice in the bucketAnd frost by the gate.The fires burnAnd the kettles sing,And earth sinks to restUntil next spring.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... since I was still, and must for long remain, in that period of life when one has not yet separated the fact of this sensual pleasure from the various women in whose company one has tasted it, when one has not reduced it to a general idea which makes one regard them thenceforward as the variable instruments of a pleasure that is always the same. Indeed, that pleasure does not exist, isolated and formulated in the consciousness, as the ultimate object with which one seeks a woman's company, or as the cause of the uneasiness which, in anticipation, one then feels. Hardly even does one think of oneself, but only how to escape from oneself.
Johnson O'Connor, The Too Many Aptitude Woman|The Bibliotheque du Roi then gives you the closest thing that currently exists to God's understanding of the world.""And yet with a bigger library we could come ever so much closer.
Paul Auster, 4 3 2 1|For many of us, the curtain has just come down on childhood.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites|It's a reflex. Hear a bell, get food. See an undead, throw a knife. Same thing, really.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Percy says be talked to a Nereid in Charleston Harbor!”“Good for him!” Leo yelled back. “The Nereid said we should seek help from Chiron’s brothers.”“What does that mean? The Party Ponies?” Leo had never met Chiron’s crazy centaur relatives, but he’d heard rumors of Nerf sword-fights, root beer-chugging contests, and Super Soakers filled with pressurized whipped cream. “Not sure,” Annabeth said. “But I’ve got coordinates. Can you input latitude and longitude in this thi
Tarell Alvin McCraney|The to-read pile is more than just a physical stack of books: it's a tower of ambitions failed, hopes unrealised, good intentions unfulfilled. Worse still, it's a cold hard reminder of mortality. Already, I have intentions to read more books than I can hope to manage in a normal lifetime. How will this pile of books taunt me when I'm 64?
Moosa Rahat|Egotorial: An editorial in broadcasting or print media where the subject matter is secondary to the superficial, pretentious, antagonistic, or materialistic ego of the author.
Grace Paley, Enormous Changes at the Last Minute|When you have a strongly held belief, don't you think it's important to express that belief accurately?
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I thought to myself how we were so wrapped up in this animal act, that he couldn’t care less about his tea shop business, and I couldn’t care less about my job. That’s real sex that is, real passion: where you abandon all your boringly sensible thoughts, and all that tediously responsible side of yourself, as you give yourself to what you know really matters more, deep in the core of you: frantic sex.
Luis Buñuel, My Last Sigh|There was hardly a touch of earth in her love for Clare. To her sublime trustfulness he was all that goodness could be—knew all that a guide, philosopher, and friend should know. She thought every line in the contour of his person the perfection of masculine beauty, his soul the soul of a saint, his intellect that of a seer. The wisdom of her love for him, as love, sustained her dignity; she seemed to be wearing a crown. The compassion of his love for her, as she saw it, made her lift up her heart to him in devotion. He would sometimes catch her large, worshipful eyes, that had no bottom to them looking at him from their depths, as if she saw something immortal before her.
John Lennon|Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.
Jane Goodall|The truth is, truly passionate media creators don't get into the media business to make huge gains from spectacular unicorn exits. When it happens, we certainly all cheer (and perhaps secretly hope it happens to us). But the fact is, we make media because we don't know what else to do with ourselves. It's how we're wired, so to speak.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|If you want to change the culture, you will have to start by changing the organization.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The most formidable way to lead is to serve. And while the perplexing oxymoron of such a grinding statement absolutely cripples us, it birthed a Savior.
William S. Burroughs|Cheat your landlord if you can and must, but do not try to shortchange the Muse. It cannot be done. You can't fake quality any more than you can fake a good meal.
Larry Brooks|But writers experience the world and themselves in a unique way. We look for meaning. We see it even when we are not paying attention, which is seldom because, as writers, paying attention is what we do. We are scribes to the ticking of the days, and we have a job to do. We are not at peace unless we are doing it.
Ella Frank, Blind Obsession|Do you need me Chantel? Do you want to see heaven?"Closing her eyes, she nodded and widened her legs. Phillipe scooted off the edge of the mattress to kneel on the floor between her spread thighs. Damn, she's soaked. Her thighs were glistening from her excitement. He reached out and ran his finger through it, bringing it to his mouth for a taste."Your aching. Aren't you, Chantel? Did having me in your mouth turn you on?
Tommy  Walker, Monstrous: The Autobiography of a Serial Killer But for the Grace of God|Well, that's just what I'm talking about. All Maslow would need to do is rub against your legs and start purring, and you'd immediately forget all this Hitler/Card nonsense. No one does PR like a cat. Why do you think I'm so desperate to hire him?
John Wood, Creating Room to Read|My view of the charity world is that compared with business, there is too much talk, way too many meetings and expert panels and blue-ribbon commissions, and not enough action. Or as an Australian friend of mine once opined: "Sometimes you just have to have a go and get on with it, mate!".
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|I spent the afternoon musing on Life. If you come to think of it, what a queer thing Life is! So unlike anything else, don't you know, if you see what I mean. At any moment you may be strolling peacefully along, and all the time Life's waiting around the corner to fetch you one. You can't tell when you may be going to get it. It's all dashed puzzling. Here was poor old George, as well-meaning a fellow as every stepped, getting swatted all over the ring by the hand of Fate. Why? That's what I asked myself. Just Life, don't you know. That's all there was about it.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In my world," said Posy, "authors write stories, and the characters do whatever the author tells them. It's not like this--the characters don't have minds and lives of their own.""How do you know this?" was Caris' surprising reply. The corner of her mouth turned up in a playful smile. "You do not see the characters when the pages of the book are shut. Is there never a time when you read a book for the second time and you notice something that you didn't remember from the first time? Or hear a story told, and every time it is told it grows and changes in the telling? Change is the nature of everything.
Roger Bannister|However ordinary each of us may seem, we are all in some way special, and can do things that are extraordinary, perhaps until then…even thought impossible.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|The spiritual tipping point is when the pain of staying the same becomes greater than the pain of change. Sadly, too many of us get comfortable with comfort. We follow Christ to the point of inconvenience, but no further. That's when we need a prophet to walk into our lives, throw a mantle around our shoulders, and wake us up to a new possibility, a new reality. We need a prophet to boldly confront Plan B and call us back to Plan A.
Kavipriya Moorthy, Dirty Martini|Tears don’t make you a girl, but they sure make you human.
Peter Bodo, Courts of Babylon|LADY BRACKNELLI had some crumpets with Lady Harbury, who seems to me to be living entirely for pleasure now.ALGERNONI hear her hair has turned quite gold from grief.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Only in christanity that people that fall remain on the ground. When boxers are knocked down they refuse to remain on the ground or to accept a knock out. Even when they are bleeding with swollen faces, they still get up to fight but in Christianity even a push, not even a blow, Boxers gets up, wrestlers jumps up, Christians lie down.Do you know why? They do not fight a good fight, they expect to lose before they enter the ring. Every good fighter is an enduring person, they do excercise and training, they learn the act of endurance. You can't be a good Christian without an amour which is the word of God.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|You see, at Rugby I was rather a great man. There one had a share in the ruling of 300 boys, and a good deal of responsibility; but here one has only just to take care of oneself, and keep out of scrapes; and that's what I never could do.
Robert Rosen|Ideas do not have to be correct in order to be good; its only necessary that, if they do fail, they do so in an interesting way. 
William Shakespeare|I am a Jew. Hath not a Jew eyes? Hath not a Jew hands, organs, dimensions, senses, affections, passions; fed with the same food, hurt with the same weapons, subject to the same diseases, heal'd by the same means, warm'd and cool'd by the same winter and summer, as a Christian is? If you prick us, do we not bleed? If you tickle us, do we not laugh? If you poison us, do we not die? And if you wrong us, do we not revenge? If we are like you in the rest, we will resemble you in that.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|When all around you are losing their heads, use Cosmic Ordering.
Harry Callahan|I'm sure that had I not been a coach, I would have been some form of a teacher.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person does not reach the pinnacle of self-realization without relentlessly exploring the parameters of the self, exhausting their psychic energy coming to know oneself. Without society to rebel against and to sail away from, there would be no advances in civilization; there would be no need for healers and mystics, priests and artist, or shaman and writers. It is our curiosity and refusal to be satisfied with the status quo that compels us to challenge ourselves to learn and continue to grow. We only establish inner peace of mind with acceptance of the world, with the recognition of our connection to the entirety of the universe, and understanding that chaos and change are inevitable. We must also love because without love there are no acts of creation. Without love, humankind is a spasmodic pool of brutality and suffering. Love is a balm. It cures human aches and pains; it unites couples, families, and cultures. Love is a creative force, without love there is no art or religion. Art expresses thought and feelings, an articulation of adore and reverence.
Alexis Shotwell, Against Purity: Living Ethically in Compromised Times|I argue against purism not because I want a devastated world, the Mordor of industrial capitalism emerging as from a closely aligned alternate universe through our floating islands of plastic gradually breaking down into microbeads consumed by the scant marine life left alive after generations of overfishing, bottom scraping, and coral reef–killing ocean acidification; our human-caused, place-devastating elevated sea levels; our earth-shaking, water poisoning fracking; our toxic lakes made of the externalities of rare-earth mineral production for so-called advanced electronics; our soul-and-lifedestroying prisons; our oil spills; our children playing with bits of dirty bombs; our white phosphorus; our generations of trauma held in the body; our cancers; and I could go on. I argue against purism because it is one bad but common approach to devastation in all its forms. It is a common approach for anyone who attempts to meet and control a complex situation that is fundamentally outside our control. It is a bad approach because it shuts down precisely the field of possibility that might allow us to take better collective action against the destruction of the world in all its strange, delightful, impure frolic. Purism is a de-collectivizing, de-mobilizing, paradoxical politicsof despair. This world deserves better.
Julia Mills, Her Love, Her Dragon: The Saga Begins|If you feel you must become a 'dragon man'," she chuckled as she spoke. "Then I will be by your side every step of the way.
Nikki Sex, Kink|The craft of a master is not imposing dominance, but winning submission.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Mountains are moved when we choose positivity, when we choose to exert the power of love, when we chip away at our problems 1 day at a time.
Deyth Banger|That I talk about that doesn't mean anything, that my name is like this doesn't mean anything... that I watch this and listen to this doesn't mean anything - Meaning of All By DeYth Banger
Steve Goodier|Okay, listen, I don't know what dumb lines you are used to giving girls so they fall all over you but I just want you to know that I wasn't born yesterday so I am gonna go now and leave you to whatever dumb idiot girl is gonna buy that line.
Abhijit Naskar|The religion that I advocate, and so did the mortal humans known as Jesus, Buddha and Nanak, is the religion of love, compassion and self-realization.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|The more people you have to ask for permission, the more dangerous a project gets.
Michael Leunig|Positive, adj.: Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Richard Cecil|Employ your time in improving yourself by other men's writings, so that you shall gain easily what others have labored hard for.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|If you were sexually abused & could not go to your family for support, you deserve to realize that your family failed you fundamentally. Your parents did not provide a safe atmosphere of support & protection for their children, which is a parent’s first responsibility. It was not your fault.
Sara Haze|People who are left alone tell the story but are never a part of it; those who are a part of the crowd, are story bound, acting upon the role assigned to them in the theater of living, loving and longing.
Kim Fay, The Map of Lost Memories|For my part, if a man must needs be a knave I would have him a debonair knave... It makes your sin no worse as I conceive, to do it à la mode and stylishly.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|I look back upon my youth and realize how so many people gave me help, understanding, courage – very important things to me – and they never knew it. They entered into my life and became powers within me. All of us live spiritually by what others have given us, often unwittingly, in the significant hours of our life. At the time these significant hours may not even be perceived. We may not recognize them until years later when we look back, as one remembers some long-ago music or a boyhood landscape. We all owe to others much of the gentleness and wisdom that we have made our own; and we may well ask ourselves what will others owe to us.
Stephen King, Misery|As always, the blessed relief of starting, a feeling that was like falling into a hole filled with bright light.As always, the glum knowledge that he would not write as well as he wanted to write. As always the terror of not being able to finish, of accelerating into a brick wall. As always, the marvelous joyful nervy feeling of journey begun.
Bill Murray|I know I'm not supposed to have any opinions about politics, because I'm famous.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|To better understand our love, I revisited chemical kinetics.
James Purdy, Narrow Rooms|This is a love story. It’s about the good old days, when men were men and women were women and books were books.
Nicole  Rae|When life's got you down, keep your head up... you can't see the ground anyway
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, PUTSCH. Volume I|I could feel the spring in my step as I walked up one flight of stairs from the parking garage into the company’s lobby. Although I wore my old blue suit, a remnant of all my previous job interviews, I felt the day had new possibilities. After all, I was interviewing at a company that made something I loved – movies!
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|Tragedy of the Commons: while each person can agree that all would benefit from common restraint, the incentives of the individuals are arrayed against that outcome.
Ray Bradbury|I hope you will go out and let stories, that is life, happen to you,and that you will work with these stories from your life--not someone else's life--water them with your blood and tears and your laughter till they bloom, till you yourself burst into bloom. That is the work. The only work.
Samuel B. Southwell, If All the Rebels Die|Only victors have stories to tell,we the vanquished were then thought ofas cowards and weaklings whose memoriesand fears should not be remembered.
Lucy Corin|But even then I knew it wasn’t me that saved her life. It wasn’t about me. I was just there while she was maybe going to die and maybe not, and then she just didn’t.
Václav Havel|Your children are going through life with their eyes closed, so YOU'RE the one who has to steer.
Hamilton Jordan|I'm consumed with tech - medical, computational, impossible tech. So, I don't know exactly what I'll wind up doing, where I'll go with all this schooling, but I'm willing that it be better than my dogmatic vision of it all.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|We're really awful animals. I mean, that dumb Barbra Streisand song, 'People who need people are the luckiest people in the world' - she's talking about cannibals. Lot's to eat.
Lionel Trilling|consistent affection for his characters is what sets Tolstoy apart. Flaubert is equally “objective,” he says, but “Flaubert’s objectivity is charged with irritability and Tolstoy’s with affection. For Flaubert everyone and everything is somehow at fault. For Tolstoy everyone and everything has a saving grace.”“By loving people without cause, he discovered indubitable causes for loving them.” It would be hard to find a more succinct description of the chief work of the Holy Spirit in the human heart.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but with creatures bristling with prejudice and motivated by pride and vanity.
Lisa Bonet|Muslims must believe that all power, success and victory comes from God alone.
Ann Marlowe|It was painful to contemplate the distance between the future of accomplishment I'd imagined for myself twenty years earlier, and the reality...it was painful to understand that the cushion of exceptionality invoked by the drug had made me oblivious to my inertia. And it was painful to have to define myself again, at an age when most people are happy in their own skins.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Look at me. Do you see terror? Do you see fear? Or is it just your own reflection?""You're right. I see my reflection in your eyes--And it's kicking your ass!
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World|[Happiness is] a ghost, it’s a shadow. You can’t really chase it. It’s a by-product, a very pleasant side effect to a life lived well.
Christopher Abbott|I'm interested to see what happens to Spike Lee with limited resources, you know? I love Spike Lee's movies. But you know what? I kinda liked his movies when he used to scramble and fight more for them.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|Absence is the figure of privation; simultaneously, I desire and I need. Desire is squashed against need: that is the obsessive phenomenon of all amorous sentiment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you want to be somebody in this world, don't fear any sacrifice it will be recommended for you to be who you want
Diane Ravitch|Sometimes, the most brilliant and intelligent minds do not shine in standardized tests because they do not have standardized minds.
Kemi Sogunle, Beyond the Pain by Kemi Sogunle|If you spend time judging and criticizing people, you will not have time to heal from your pain or brokenness. You cannot love yourself when you judge or criticize others who are created in God's image and after His Likeness...in which you are also created. Love cannot operate from a space of pain. Love and hurt cannot reside in the same space.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If roses did not suffer thorns on their journey to beauty, they would lose out on becoming masterpieces.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|It is a law of nature we overlook, that intellectual versatility is the compensation for change, danger, and trouble. An animal perfectly in harmony with its environment is a perfect mechanism. Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless. There is no intelligence where there is no change and no need of change. Only those animals partake of intelligence that have a huge variety of needs and dangers.
Levon Peter Poe|All things we involve ourselves with should be of love. If it is not of love, stay away from it.
Albert Schweitzer|Man must cease attributing his problems to his environment, and learn again to exercise his will - his personal responsibility in the realm of faith and morals.
Hal Borland|The faith must express itself in charity and in solidarity, which is the civil form of charity.
Daniel Handler|A library is like an island in the middle of a vast sea of ignorance, particularly if the library is very tall and the surrounding area has been flooded.
Anton Pannekoek|The German experience brings us face to face with the major problem of the revolution in Western Europe. In these countries, the old bourgeois mode of production and the centuries-old civilisation which has developed with it have completely impressed themselves upon the thoughts and feelings of the popular masses. Hence, the mentality and inner character of the masses here is quite different from that in the countries of the East, who have not experienced the rule of bourgeois culture; and this is what distinguishes the different courses that the revolution has taken in the East and the West.
Carl Hiaasen|Music is a complete evocation – like a smell. It can bring an entire memory and feeling back to you in a rush. Much more complete than even a photograph. You allow yourself a certain visual distance with photos – not music. It envelopes you – there’s no way to escape it. It’s a great test of sensitivity – the degree of reaction to music. I use it all the time. I call it my ‘Music Test.’ People today don’t want to hear the truth. They’re really afraid of tranquility and silence – they’re afraid they might begin to understand their own motivations too well. They keep a steady stream of noise going to protect themselves, to build a wall against the truth. Like African natives, beating on their drums, rattling their gourds, shaking the bells to scare off evil spirits. As long as there’s enough noise, there’s nothing to fear – or hear. But they will listen. Times are changing.
Shia LaBeouf|Most people think the character I do onstage is the way I am offstage, but I'm just a regular guy who spends time with his family and who turns on the television and watches a lot of sports.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Don't you ever want to have just one thing that no one else knows about, so no one can ruin it for you?
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|As More says, it hardly makes a man a hero, to agree to stand and burn once he is chained to a stake. I have written books and I cannot unwrite them. I cannot unbelieve what I believe. I cannot unlive my life. pg.404
Sarah Kane, 4.48 Psychosis|Under the heading of "defense mechanisms,” psychoanalysis describes a number of ways in which a person becomes alienated from himself. For example, repression, denial, splitting, projection, introjection. These "mechanisms" are often described in psychoanalytic terms as themselves "unconscious,” that is, the person himself appears to be unaware that he is doing this to himself. Even when a person develops sufficient insight to see that "splitting", for example, is going on, he usually experiences this splitting as indeed a mechanism, an impersonal process, so to speak, which has taken over and which he can observe but cannot control or stop. There is thus some phenomenological validity in referring to such "defenses" by the term "mechanism.” But we must not stop there. They have this mechanical quality because the person as he experiences himself is dissociated from them. He appears to himself and to others to suffer from them. They seem to be processes he undergoes, and as such he experiences himself as a patient, with a particular psychopathology. But this is so only from the perspective of his own alienated experience. As he becomes de-alienated he is able first of all to become aware of them, if he has not already done so, and then to take the second, even more crucial, step of progressively realizing that these are things he does or has done to himself. Process becomes converted back to praxis, the patient becomes an agent.
William Faulkner|When my horse is running good, I don't stop to give him sugar.
Lady Gaga|I am focused on the work. I am constantly creating. I am a busy girl. I live and breathe my work. I love what I do. I believe in the message. There's no stopping. I didn't create the fame, the fame created me.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide|The light in that room was a glow; I seem to remember the color green, or perhaps flowers. A pale green sheet covered his inert body but not his head, which lay (eyes closed, mouth set in a tense and terrible grimace) unmoving. Gianluca. Barely able to see, barely able to stand - my knees kept buckling – and breathing so quietly I thought that I, too, might die; that out of shock, I would just drift away, the shell of my body cracking open. No longer anchored by my brother’s love, I would be reabsorbed by sky. Gianluca. If there was never another sound in the world, I would understand – yes, that would be appropriate, it would be fitting. This was the antithesis of music, the antithesis of noise. My brother’s death seemed to demand silence of all the world. Gianluca.
Auliq Ice|Some of you may not like what I had to say, but these are the things that I’ve noticed and believe should be said.
Leah Bobet, The Best Horror of the Year Volume Four|They walked until the light died in the sky. Until it was dark, and Donald started to hear the whispers. They pleaded out to him in languages he couldn’t understand. Except when they were in Eng
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|Mood evidently affects the operation of System 1: when we are uncomfortable and unhappy, we lose touch with our intuition.	These findings add to the growing evidence that good mood, intuition, creativity, gullibility, and increased reliance on System 1 form a cluster. At the other pole, sadness, vigilance, suspicion, an analytic approach, and increased effort also go together. A happy mood loosens the control of System 2 over performance: when in a good mood, people become more intuitive and more creative but also less vigilant and more prone to logical errors.
M.C. Humphreys|Like Midas, the Rationalist is always in the unfortunate position of not being able to touch anything, without transforming it into an abstraction; he can never get a square meal of experience.
Brian P. Moran, The 12 Week Year|The secret to living your life to its potential is to value the important stuff above your own comfort. Therefore, the critical first step to executing well is creating and maintaining a compelling vision of the future that you want even more than you desire your own short-term comfort, and then aligning your shorter term goals and plans, with that long-term vision.
Duop Chak Wuol|Our fights must be rooted in experiences, in stories, and in anecdotes. People remember these more than sterile numbers or facts. Myths are powerful magic and can turn enemies into friends. In a world where too many still tell stories that some are illegal and that to be free we must control the movement of others, the work of making new myths is essential.
Ashim Shanker, Only the Deplorable|In life, every experience of a peak always follows the experience of a valley and we go back and forth between them. […] Until you understand that both the peaks and the valleys are inevitable and will eventually pass, and you disidentify from both sides, you will miss seeing your unmoving center, which is untouched by your thoughts, feelings or experiences.
Paul Walker|I'd rate myself an 8. I do have my flaws, but I'm a cool dude. If I wasn't myself, I'd kick it with me. I'm a down-to-earth person and all around cool guy.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|I believe that things we cry over because they are lost, can never be compared to things we will receive because of our loses. God is a great restorer!
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|The doctor looked shifty. “He’s still breathing,” he said. “Look, his pulse is nearly humming and he’s got a temperature you could fry eggs on.” He hesitated, aware that this was probably too straightforward and easily understood; medicine was a new art on the Disc, and wasn’t going to get anywhere if people could understand it. “Pyrocerebrum ouerf culinaire,” he said, after working it out in his head. “Well, what can you do about it?” said Arthur. “Nothing. He’s dead. All the medical tests prove it. So, er…bury him, keep him nice and cool, and tell him to come and see me next week. In daylight, for preference.""But he’s still breathing!” “These are just reflex actions that might easily confuse the layman,” said the doctor airily. Chidder sighed. He suspected that the Guild, who after all had an unrivalled experience of sharp knives and complex organic compounds, was much better at elementary diagnostics than were the doctors. The Guild might kill people, but at least it didn’t expect them to be grateful for it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Service introduces you to the leadership throne. Service to mankind is the vision on which leadership is mounted. You serve and in your service, you train more leaders by becoming an example!
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|The Death Mist is not for helping!" Akhlys shrieked. "It shrouds mortals in misery as their souls pass into the Underworld. It is the very breath of Tartarus, of death, of despair!""Awesome," Percy said. "Could we get two orders of that to go?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Embrace faith, hope and love.
Richard Carlson, You Can Be Happy No Matter What: Five Principles for Keeping Life in Perspective|Happiness is a state of mind, not a set of circumstances.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien|I perceived or thought of the Light of God and in it suspended one small mote (or millions of motes to only one of which was my small mind directed), glittering white because of the individual ray from the Light which both held and lit it...And the ray was the Guardian Angel of the mote: not a thing interposed between God and the creature, but God's very attention itself, personalized...This is a finite parallel to the Infinite. As the love of the Father and Son (who are infinite and equal) is a Person, so the love and attention of the Light to the Mote is a person (that is both with us and in Heaven): finite but divine, i.e. angelic.
Cornel West|Hey, if it's a good philosophy, it works. Death is imminent. Live every day like it's your last.
Lina Cuartas, Come Into My World|Never forget,Each day that we have together is a precious gift.In the web of daily living, we are creating character.Let's take the time to create memories, listen and observe.Time flees, and it does not return.If we lose today, it is gone forever.Let's live for the present, and be prepared for the future. Let's grow strong, let's grow bigger, let's grow TOGETHER!
Shahla Khan|My Dad has been a feminist, way before I learnt how to spell the word.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|Some friends don't understand this. They don't understand how desperate I am to have someone say, I love you and I support you just the way you are because you're wonderful just the way you are. They don't understand that I can't remember anyone ever saying that to me. I am so demanding and difficult for my friends because I want to crumble and fall apart before them so that they will love me even though I am no fun, lying in bed, crying all the time, not moving. Depression is all about If you loved me you would.
Jack Lew|Atheism is so senseless. When I look at the solar system, I see the earth at the right distance from the sun to receive the proper amounts of heat and light. This did not happen by chance.
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|Chaol," he said, looking over his shoulder. Dorian's eyes were frozen, his jaw clenched. "Treat her well.
Saint Vardapet Eghishē|Ամբողջ մարմնի կենդանութիւնը հոգին է, իսկ մարմինն ու հոգին կառավարողը՝ միտքն է:The whole essence of the body is the spirit, while the governor of both spirit and body is the mind.
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|I may not survive," Roderick said, resting his hand on the small of her back,"if I wait any longer to kiss you.
Oliver Sacks, Uncle Tungsten|As child, when the elders spoke their wise words, it only echoes in my ears. As an adult, I have crystal clear insight to the wise aphorisms by the elderly.
Saaif Alam|A well educated human being does not express his or thoughts that can perplex others because he or she has mastered the knowledge to avoid mentioning ideas that are vague, irrelavent and not compelling .
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|This war ends, then so do the taxpayer-funded contracts, the drumbeats in the media, the nice Combatant faces, and the patriotic cause to lull the civilians and shame the dissenters. The other thing that comes to an end is all the justification for why this country's run the way it is. People will wonder why their paychecks are still getting halved to pay off the men who own their utility companies, their roads, their national parks. They'll wonder why they've got to work eighty-hour weeks to support the folks who took their houses and destroyed the middle-class jobs. There's not going to be an enemy to point a finger at anymore. People will see the real problem.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|Art is the creation of beauty; it is the expression of thought or feelingin a form that seems beautiful or sublime, and therefore arouses in us some reverberation of that primordial delight which woman gives to man, or man to woman.
Idries Shah, The Book of the Book|When you realise the difference between the container and the content, you will have knowledge.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|It’s a terrible thing, isn’t it? To be dragged under?
Shellie Palmer|I have better understanding how difficult and complex life can be, fortunately I know when not to take things so seriously and just enjoy every moment
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I doubted I could survive in the woods without these very basic things to help me. It seemed like a tremendous leap of faith to forsake the tools I’d always been told I needed. And yet leaving college to walk was such a massive leap of faith already, and nothing I’d ever trusted and believed in seemed true any longer.
Ellen DeGeneres|Brand is not a product, that's for sure; it's not one item. It's an idea, it's a theory, it's a meaning, it's how you carry yourself. It's aspirational, it's inspirational.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The ostrich-approach of burying your head in the sand, when confronting your areas of weakness, becomes a self-set trigger for failure.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|My eyes are green, Cause I eat a lot of vegetables,It don't have nothing to do with your new friend
Joseph de Maistre|I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man; it is horrible.
Sharon Lathan, Loving Mr. Darcy: Journeys Beyond Pemberley|I would like to point out, though, Lady Georgiana," he continued, "that you have decided to stay in a household with five single gentlemen, three of them adults.""Four," Andrew broke in, coloring. "I'm seventeen. That's older than Romeo was when he married Juliet.""And it's younger than I am, which is what counts," Tristan countered, sending his brother a stern look.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|It was literature in its finest sense, since it made Unk courageous, watchful, and secretly free.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|She imagined herself both queen and slave, dominatrix and victim. In her imagination she was making love with men of all skin colors--white, black, yellow--with homosexuals and beggars. She was anyone's, and anyone could do anything to her. She had one, two, three orgasms, one after another. She imagined everything she had never imagined before, and she gave herself to all that was most base and most pure.
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|Oops! We thought he had a gun!’ So you shot me in the back three times ’cause you thought I had a gun? I was gonna sue, but they said they was gonna kill me. I was 18 years old, I didn’t have nobody, I didn’t have all this. They kept pickin’ me up, kept lockin’ my ass up, beating me, until I dropped the lawsuit. When I dropped the lawsuit, that’s when everything stopped. That’s what the fuck happened to me. I was terrorized by some terrorists.
Cesare Pavese|Literature is a defense against the attacks of life. It says to life: "You can't deceive me. I know your habits, foresee and enjoy watching your reactions, and steal your secret by involving you in cunning obstructions that halt your normal 
Sarah Mercado|Warning:This data storage unit, or "book," has been designed to reprogram the human brain, allowing it to replicate the lost art that was once called reading. It is a simple adjustment and there will be no negative or harmful effects from this process.What you are doing: "Reading" ExplainedEach sheet is indelibly printed with information and the sheets are visually scanned from left to right, and from top to bottom.This scanned information is passed through the visual cortex directly into the brain, where it can then be accessed just like any other data.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If people stumble, we help them get back on their feet; if they veer off course, we urge them back. On this journey we are all brothers and sisters in the same family—the family of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you walk with the light of the world, you will have the light of life.
Molly Peacock, The Paper Garden: An Artist Begins Her Life's Work at 72|But if a role model in her seventies isn't layered with contradictions - as we all come to be - then what good is she? Why bother to cut the silhouette of another's existence and place it against our own if it isn't as incongruous, ambiguous, inconsistent, and paradoxical as our own lives are?
John Balguy|The tailor bird builds her nest in deep woods, she uses no more than one branch.The mole drinks off the river, it can only fill one belly. Chuang Tzu
Shinedown|I hope they understand that I'm not angry, I'm just saying... Sometimes goodbye is a second chance.
H. Beam Piper, Fuzzies and Other People|solitude begins with a time and a place for God, and God alone. If we really believe not only that God exists but also that God is actively present in our lives-- healing, teaching and guiding-- we need to set aside a time and space to give God our undivided attention. (Matt 6:6)
Jellis Vaes|How much your life sucks, or how awesome your life is, is really all determined by how much fear controls your life.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Well, I’m not kissing the mundane," said Jace. "I’d rather stay down here and rot.""Forever?" said Simon. "Forever’s an awfully long time."Jace raised his eyebrows. "I knew it," he said. "You want to kiss me, don’t you?
Nigel Hamilton|I've always been fascinated by intelligence and how our brains work, and how they can be improved.
Gene Tunney|When you think positive, good things happen.
Jack London, White Fang|There is nothing sadder in this world than the waste of human potential. The purpose of evolution is to raise us out of the mud, not have us grovelling in it
Poppet, Ryan|How awful is it to be sane enough to be fully aware of the day you realize you are completely losing your grasp on reality. I'm crazy. Not just a little bit, but rubber room ready out of my mind fucked up.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|Even in your pains, troubles or difficulties, create unforgettable memories by putting a smile on the faces of others'.
Allan Wolf, The Watch That Ends the Night|Marriage without struggle is like an unfired clay pot.It is easily made, but it will not stand the test of time.
Mitt Romney|The right way to reign in healthcare costs is not by applying more government and more controls and making it more like the post office, it's by making it more like a consumer-driven market.
Sage Blackwood, Jinx|I think of me and Melanie when we were younger, on the high dive at the pool in Mexico. We would always hold hands as we jumped, but by the time we swam back up to the surface, we'd have let go. No matter how we tried, once we started swimming, we always let go. But after we bobbed to the surface, we'd climb out of the pool, clamber up the high-dive ladder, clasp hands, and do it again.  We're swimming separately now. I get that. Maybe it's just what you have to do to keep above water. But who knows? Maybe one day, we'll climb out, grab hands, and jumo again.
Dolly Parton, Dream More|Gratitude is a “nice” habit to adopt, warming your heart and all, but the Kumbaya effect is just the beginning. Gratefulness goes wayyyyyyy beyond the momentary feeling good, offering plenty of long-term and “practical” benefits we may never have intuited.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|As long as I can hear the sweet melody of your words, I need not; The angel’s secret, to be whispered in my ears As long as I can lace your silky fingers round my own, I need not; Pretty diamonds, nor big cash nor gold As long as I can watch the handsome sunshine of your face, I need not; Open skies, nor snowfall, nor the rain As long as I can gaze into the emeralds of your eyes, I need not; New colors, new wings or paradise As long as I can feel the tender tickle of your breath, I need not; The drifting wind, nor its call, nor caress As long as I can feel your soft lips upon mine, I need not; Melted sugar, nor the most expensive of wines As long as I can feel your warm body close to me I need not; A blanket, nor a bonfire's luxury As long as I can see you every morning I wake, I need not; A mirror, nor a cloud, nor shade As long as I can keep you in every petal of memories I need not: Dreams, nor desires, nor fantasies And as long as I can hold you in every moment that I breathe, I need not; Oxygen, nor blood, nor heartbeats.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Only once in a while you become aware of your intrinsic nature, with sudden bursts of empty spaces, without any effort on your part, you come home, rejoice every breath so deep and so soothing, you relax, unfocused, you skip into timelessness. This is the greatest mystery, the greatest gift of existence, without any identification to your senses, no clutches of your old patterns of mind. Few Glimpses of Heaven on the earth! I have experienced, have you?
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Remember, our kind protects you Normals from the Pures. We are the rope tied between man and super-beast. A rope forever dangling from the precipice. I tap Zetania's shoulder and ask, "What's a precipice?" "A cliff's edge," she whispers. Precipice. Must be a French word.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|Am I right in suggesting that ordinary life is a mean between these extremes, that the noble man devotes his material wealth to lofty ends, the advancement of science, or art, or some such true ideal; and that the base man does the opposite by concentrating all his abilities on the amassing of wealth?'Exactly; that is the real distinction between the artist and the bourgeois, or, if you prefer it, between the gentleman and the cad. Money, and the things money can buy, have no value, for there is no question of creation, but only of exchange. Houses, lands, gold, jewels, even existing works of art, may be tossed about from one hand to another; they are so, constantly. But neither you nor I can write a sonnet; and what we have, our appreciation of art, we did not buy. We inherited the germ of it, and we developed it by the sweat of our brows. The possession of money helped us, but only by giving us time and opportunity and the means of travel. Anyhow, the principle is clear; one must sacrifice the lower to the higher, and, as the Greeks did with their oxen, one must fatten and bedeck the lower, so that it may be the worthier offering.
Iain M. Banks, The Player of Games|Where would tourism be without a little luxury and a taste of night life? There were several cities on Deanna, all moderate in size, but the largest was the capital, Atro City. For the connoisseur of fast-foods, Albrechts’ famous hotdogs and coldcats were sold fresh from his stall (Albrecht’s Takeaways) on Lupini Square. For the sake of his own mental health he had temporarily removed Hot Stuff Blend from the menu. The city was home to Atro City University, which taught everything from algebra and make-up application to advanced stamp collecting; and it was also home to the planet-famous bounty hunter – Beck the Badfeller. Beck was a legend in his own lifetime. If Deanna had any folklore, then Beck the Badfeller was one of its main features. He was the local version of Robin Hood, the Davy Crockett of Deanna. The Local rumor mill had it he was so good he could find the missing day in a leap year. Once, so the story goes, he even found a missing sock.
Deborah Moggach, The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel|The longing for improvement and the fear of waste and worse - it is a pattern still with us, and maybe it speaks to the medium's essential marriage of light and dark, or as Mary Pickford put it in her autobiography (published in 1955), Sunshine and Shadow. Light and dark were the elements of film, and they had their chemistry in film's emulsion. They had a moral meaning, too. But not everyone appreciated that prospect, or credited how it might make your fortune.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|If your going to be a jackass then do it outside of your home, as your home is supposed to be a place of love and safety, it's your sanctuary from the outside world. The only place where we can truly be accepted.
C. S. Lewis|The moment a person forms a theory, his imagination sees in every object only the traits which favor that theory.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|Only chance to make the world a success for humanity lies in technology, grand possibility technology provides to do more with less, and indiscriminately for everyone. Return to nature as nature pre-technologically was, attractive and possible as it still in some places is, can only work for some of us.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|This is the world of pretend. We are artists and we are servants of the stage, and I take both jobs very seriously. As artists, we work as a collective—all for one and one for all. As servants, we work for thos who venture out alone, otherwise known as performers.
Catherine LaRoche, Master of Love|All things are like spring dreams, passing with no trace.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Passionate Perrin|People say memories are there to be cherished. I believe memories are there to be created, and if you do something worthwhile today, you will stop living in the past
ASAP Rocky|A doctor is not a mechanic. A car doesn't react with a mechanic, but a human being does.
VDEXTERS|Always surround yourself with people who lift you up, rather than hold you down.
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|All novels . . . are concerned with the enigma of the self. As soon as you create an imaginary being, a character, you are automatically confronted by the question: what is the self? How can it be grasped?
Walter Scott, Waverley|Colonel Talbot? he is a very disagreeable person, to be sure. He looks as if he thought no Scottish woman worth the trouble of handing her a cup of tea.
David F. Ford, Theology: A Very Short Introduction|The modern West has been deeply split about freedom and responsibility. On the one hand, it has championed human freedom in many forms - human rights, sexual freedom, political liberty, freedom to choose in many spheres. On the other hand, many of its most intelligent members have not believed that people are free at all, and have devoted great efforts to show that really we are the product of our genes, our unconscious drives, our education, economic pressures, or other forms of conditioning.
Steve Siebold|Champions learn how to develop empowering beliefs and invest a substantial amount of time solidifying those beliefs, mostly through their own self-talk.
victor adeagbo|It's sad to know how blind we are when it comes to appreciation. We have to lose something to gain knowledge of its worth. The best gift of life is love, the second is health. Most of us have both but will never be satisfied.
Steve Buyer|I do not make any apologies for my manner or personality. I come from a long line of very strong, black African-American women who neither bend nor bow. I haven't had very good modeling in submission.
Charles M. Sheldon|God created every heart, every person for relationship. Connection has the power to both impact a person's life today as well as their eternal destiny.
Dave Barry, Dave Barry Does Japan|I like the relaxed way in which the Japanese approach religion. I think of myself as basically a moral person, but I'm definitely not religious, and I'm very tired of the preachiness and obsession with other people's behavior characteristic of many religious people in the United States. As far as I could tell, there's nothing preachy about Buddhism. I was in a lot of temples, and I still don't know what Buddhists believe, except that at one point Kunio said 'If you do bad things, you will be reborn as an ox.'This makes as much sense to me as anything I ever heard from, for example, the Reverend Pat Robertson.
P.C. Cast, Divine By Mistake|As we continued to talk, going through the motions of getting to know each other, I realized that we already did know each other, as well as any two people could. We’d known each other for years, in the most intimate way possible. We’d connected on a purely mental level. I understood her, trusted her, and loved her as a dear friend. None of that had changed, or could be changed by anything as inconsequential as her gender, or skin color, or sexual orientation.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|...he asked, "Where are you today, right now?"Eagerly, I started talking about myself. However, I noticed that I was still being sidetracked from getting answers to my questions. Still, I told him about my distant and recent past and about my inexplicable depressions. He listened patiently and intently, as if he had all the time in the world, until I finished several hours later."Very well," he said. "But you still have not answered my question about where you are.""Yes I did, remember? I told you how I got to where I am today: by hard work.""Where are you?""What do you mean, where am I?""Where Are you?" he repeated softly."I'm here.""Where is here?""In this office, in this gas station!" I was getting impatient with this game."Where is this gas station?""In Berkeley?""Where is Berkeley?""In California?""Where is California?""In the United States?""On a landmass, one of the continents in the Western Hemisphere. Socrates, I...""Where are the continents?I sighed. "On the earth. Are we done yet?""Where is the earth?""In the solar system, third planet from the sun. The sun is a small star in the Milky Way galaxy, all right?""Where is the Milky Way?""Oh, brother, " I sighed impatiently, rolling my eyes. "In the universe." I sat back and crossed my arms with finality."And where," Socrates smiled, "is the universe?""The universe is well, there are theories about how it's shaped...""That's not what I asked. Where is it?""I don't know - how can I answer that?""That is the point. You cannot answer it, and you never will. There is no knowing about it. You are ignorant of where the universe is, and thus, where you are. In fact, you have no knowledge of where anything is or of What anything is or how is came to be. Life is a mystery."My ignorance is based on this understanding. Your understanding is based on ignorance. This is why I am a humorous fool, and you are a serious jackass.
Nicola Haken, Broken|Stories set the inner life into motion, and this is particularly important where the inner life is frightened, wedged, or cornered. Story greases the hoists and pulleys, it causes adrenaline to surge, shows us the way out, down, or up, and for our trouble, cuts for us fine wide doors in previously blank walls, openings that lead to the dreamland, that lead to love and learning, that lead us back to our own real lives as knowing wildish women.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|A peaceful refuge in which to rediscover each other, we thought,, not realizing that, while golf and fishing are Scotland's most popular outdoor sports, gossip is the most popular indoor sport.
Dan Simmons, The Fall of Hyperion|I was at a dinner party many years ago,sitting along from Tom Stoppard, who in those days smoked not just between courses,but between mouthfuls. An American woman watched in disbelief."And you so intelligent!""Excuse me?" said tom"Knowing those things are going to kill you" she said "and still you do it.""How differently I might behave" Tom said, "if immortality were an option
A Traveller, The Art of Duelling|A man cannot be too careful in selecting the individual who is intrusted with his cartel. He should run over the names of his friends, and endeavour to obtain the services of a staid, cool, calculating old fellow; if possible, one who has seen some few shots exchanged: but I should advise his never choosing an Irishman on any account, as nine out of ten of those I have had the pleasure of forming an acquaintance with, both abroad and in this country, have such an innate love of fighting, they cannot bring an affair to an amicable adjustment.
Jordin Sparks|'Aladdin' was probably my favorite Disney animation when I was a kid. The animation was great and Robin Williams was unbelievable as the Genie. 'Aladdin' was an amazing adventure and the lead character was a hero for guys, which I loved. It wasn't a princess or a girl beating the odds; it was a street rat. That seemed really cool to me.
Scarlett Avery, Irresistible Attraction|Dominic reached behind his head and tugged on his T-shirt. The rising fabric revealed his abdomen. And yeah, he liked the way her gaze followed the hemline. But his arm stilled, his bicep taut and his T-shirt covering his hair. If he kept going, she’d see the damaged skin on his chest from where the bullet had entered.“Are you sure about this?” he asked. “My scars aren’t pretty.”“I promise to focus on your abs,” she murmured without looking up. “And lower.
Sarah J. Maas|Aelin sighed. 'This place has been shut down for months, and yet I swear I can still hear the music floating in the air.'Rowan angled his head, studying the dark with those immortal senses. 'Perhaps the music does live on, in some form.'The thought made her eyes sting.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Respect but do not fear your own fear. Do not let it come between you and something that might be deeply enjoyable. Remember it is quite normal to be a bit frightened of being alone. Most of us grew up in a social environment that sent out the explicit message that solitude was bad for you: it was bad for your health (especially your mental health) and bad for your 'character' too. Too much of it and you would promptly become weird, psychotic, self-obsessed, very possibly a sexual predator and rather literally a wanker. Mental (and even physical) well-being, along with virtue, depends, in this model, on being a good mixer, a team-player, and having high self-esteem, plus regular, uninhibited, simultaneous orgasms with one partner (at a time). Actually, of course, it is never this straightforward because at the same time as pursuing this 'extrovert ideal', society gives out an opposite - though more subterranean - message. Most people would still rather be described as sensitive, spiritual, reflective, having rich inner lives and being good listeners, than the more extroverted opposites. I think we still admire the life of the intellectual over that of the salesman; of the composer over the performer (which is why pop stars constantly stress that they write their own songs); of the craftsman over the politician; of the solo adventurer over the package tourist. People continue to believe, in the fact of so much evidence - films, for example - that Great Art can only be produced by solitary geniuses. But the kind of unexamined but mixed messages that society offers us in relation to being alone add to the confusion; and confusion strengthens fear.
Shannon L. Alder|For me, walking in a hard Dakota wind can be like staring at the ocean: humbled before its immensity, I also have a sense of being at home on this planet, my blood so like the sea in chemical composition, my every cell partaking of air. I live about as far from the sea as is possible in North America, yet I walk in a turbulent ocean. Maybe that child was right when he told me that the world is upside-down here, and this is where angels drown.
Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable|They love each other, marry (in order to love each other better, more conveniently). He goes to the wars, he dies at the wars. She weeps (with emotion) at having loved him, at having lost him. (Yep!) Marries again (in order to love again, more conveniently again). They love each other. (You love as many timesas necessary - as necessary in order to be happy.) He come back (the other comes back) from the wars: he didn't die at the wars after all. She goes tothe station, to meet him. He dies in the train (of emotion) at the thought of seeing her again, having her again. She weeps (weeps again, with emotionagain) at having lost him again. (Yep!) Goes back to the house. He's dead - the other is dead. The mother-in-law takes him down: he hanged himself (with emotion) at the thought of losing her. She weeps (weeps louder) at having loved him, at having lost him.
Ally Carter|My writing books with positive gay characters has come more out of anger than anything else: anger at not having been able to find honest, accurate books about people like myself as a teen, books that show we're as diverse as straight people and that we can lead happy, healthy, productive lives just as straight people can.
Bhavya Kaushik, The Infinite Equinox|We can heal our superficial wounds, but how do we kill the pain inside? How can we heal something which no one except us can feel? There is no doctor, no medicine, and no remedy for something like that. People die from sadness almost every day. How can someone be saved from drowning in a whirlpool of their own thoughts?
Olivia Cunning, Tie Me|I’d stare up at the sky, reminding myself that Caleb and I were both underneath it. That wherever he was, whatever he was doing, we would always share something.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Why is the world in need of a leader like you? You must lead for significant impact. As a leader, find the “cause” driving your leadership brand and pursue its resolution with passion and excellence.
Susan Sontag|Literature was the passport to enter a larger life; that is, the zone of freedom. Literature was freedom. Especially in a time in which the values of reading and inwardness are so strenuously challenged, literature is freedom.
Fred DeLuca|All developmental activities for the common man such as education, healthcare, shelter and food distribution should be handled by reputed private sector institutions. It should be a competitive market in order to prevent the formation of monopolies.
Scott Douglas|Entering a library, I am always stuck by the way in which a certain vision of the world is imposed upon the reader through its categories and its order.
Marshall B. Rosenberg|Every criticism, judgment, diagnosis, and expression of anger is the tragic expression of an unmet need.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|For myself, I favored the abstract. I collected not just obsolete terms and words, but ideas.
Anthony Liccione|You're a beautiful young woman walking without an escort at one in the morning. Why doesn't one of your staff at least see you to your car?""Because they're not sexist pigs who think women are incapable of taking care of themselves."Chance rolled his eyes. "This has nothing to do with feminism. I'm all for gender equality, but the fact remains that women are targeted for more specific crimes than men, and the perpetrators of those crimes often look for circumstances such as these to attack.""See this?" Isa pulled something dark and oblong out of her purse. Chance's mouth twitched."Turbo Vag
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If you are a person of faith like me, then learn to discern between what requires medical intervention and what requires spiritual or even psychological specialists. There are enough physicians and specialists to deal with medical conditions, allow them to play their part without disturbing their interventions by adopting untested bush-advice.
Bethany Averie, All's Fair In Love & Lion|Haylee shook her head as soon as they were gone. “Christ, how can our family be mankind’s best hope?
Sameh Elsayed|For those who were born lovers, falling in love is not neither an option nor a decision. it is a matter of existence.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Ask for no guarantees, ask for no security, there never was such an animal. And if there were, it would be related to the great sloth which hangs upside down in a tree all day every day, sleeping it's life away. To hell with that," he said, "shake the tree and knock the great sloth down on his ass.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|For everyone who never smiled in school photos, for all who’ve wandered city streetsnot knowing the where they were or feeling alone, I’ve packed kindness.
Julia Serano, Whipping Girl: A Transsexual Woman on Sexism and the Scapegoating of Femininity|Ruth believes that boys are not found around stables because what they like is taking things apart and putting them together again, and for this purpose horses are not so satisfactory as cars, motorcycles, and even bicycles, while girls adore horses because they are biological and have functions.
Al-Hanouf Halawi|Someone asked me when is my birthday?The poet inside me replied,"My birthday is on the last day of the year,It's 31st December my dear!
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero|The best translations cannot convey to us the strength and exquisite delicacy of thought in its native garb, and he to whom such books are shut flounders about in outer darkness.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|We are therefore blessed with powerful minds yet at the same time cursed, not only to die, but to know that we must.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Oh God, if You want me to serve You, I will. I’ll be what You want me to be. I’ll go where You want me to go.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Our state cannot be severed, we are one,One flesh; to lose thee were to lose myself.
Val Uchendu|When you apply that gift you possess that comes so easily to you and can be used anywhere, anytime to help someone else; maybe your family, your community, your city, state, country or the world in general... that is your PURPOSE.
Nelson Mandela|Freedom consists not in doing what we like, but in having the right to do what we ought.
Alison Bechdel|Don't you kids get any ideas about dragging a trailer into the backyard. after you graduate from high school, i don't want to see you again.
Michael  Grant, Gone|Who am I? I’m the Breeze, bitch!
Simon Mainwaring|Life is a series of punches. It presents a lot of challenges. It presents a lot of hardship, but the people that are able to take those punches and able to move forward are the ones that really do have a lot of success and have a lot of joy in their life and have a lot of stories to tell, too.
Ryan Gosling|It were a real increase of human happiness, could all young men from the age of nineteen be covered under barrels, or rendered otherwise invisible; and there left to follow their lawful studies and callings, till they emerged, sadder and wiser, at the age of twenty-five.
Helen Keller|When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Jim Brown|Have you seen some of the women - and the men - in Los Angeles? They pay surgeons to make them look completely different in the hope of finding their youth. But youth comes from within. If you have a young attitude, then that can show in your face, the way you walk and move.
Tony DiTerlizzi, The Search for WondLa|There are many stories and accounts about the winners of lotteries whoare jubilant when they win, but whose lives descend into a nightmareafter acquiring that unearned money. (No challenge, no skill.) Thelottery looks like "the answer" to people because they associate moneywith pleasure. But the true enjoyment of money comes in part from theearning of it, which involves skill and challenge.Watching television is usually done for pleasure. That's why so fewpeople can remember (or make use of) any of the 30 hours of televisionthey have watched in the past week.
|If you fail to take positive charge of your life, your negative experiences wouldn't hesitate to turn your mind into their playground.
Joel Fuhrman|I've been able to learn a lot through diet and exercise, but I've got to tell you, it's having true love in your life and somebody who has your back 24 hours a day that makes the difference.
Barry Marshall|All in all, I'd like to venture into film. Films are my staple diet, so I would love to be part of a feature film, independent film... it all just depends on the story and the people behind it, really.
W.H. Auden|What is peculiar and novel to our age is that the principal goal of politics in every advanced society is not, strictly speaking, a political one, that is today, it is not concerned with human beings as persons and citizens, but with human bodies. ... In all technologically advanced countries today, whatever political label they give themselves, their policies have, essentially, the same goal: to guarantee to every member of society, as a psychophysical organism, the right to physical and mental health.
Richard Wright, The Outsider|Another thing that happens in the movies: They all have these dramatic crises where everything looks bleak and you think the couple will never, ever get back together. But then they realize they can't live without each other, and in the end they live happily ever after.It's all a lie. When you hate someone you used to love, and you think he's done something awful-he probably has.You're not going to love him again.He's not going to apologize, or come back to you.He probably doesn't even ever think about you at all, because he's too busy thinking about someone else.
Kenneth L. Gentry Jr., The Greatness of the Great Commission: The Christian Enterprise in a Fallen World|As goes the family, so goes the faith; as goes the faith, so goes the culture.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|He’s not really struggling even for material wealth, but for the second-hander’s delusion—prestige. A stamp of approval, not his own. He can find no joy in the struggle and no joy when he has succeeded.
Christopher Hitchens, The Enemy|Shrouded as he was for a decade in an apparent cloak of anonymity and obscurity, Osama bin Laden was by no means an invisible man. He was ubiquitous and palpable, both in a physical and a cyber-spectral form, to the extent that his death took on something of the feel of an exorcism. It is satisfying to know that, before the end came, he had begun at least to guess at the magnitude of his 9/11 mistake. It is essential to remember that his most fanatical and militant deputy, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, did not just leave his corpse in Iraq but was isolated and repudiated even by the minority Sunnis on whose presumed behalf he spilled so much blood and wrought such hectic destruction. It is even more gratifying that bin Laden himself was exposed as an excrescence on the putrid body of a bankrupt and brutish state machine, and that he found himself quite unable to make any coherent comment on the tide—one hopes that it is a tide, rather than a mere wave—of demand for an accountable and secular form of civil society. There could not have been a finer affirmation of the force of life, so warmly and authentically counterposed to the hysterical celebration of death, and of that death-in-life that is experienced in the stultifications of theocracy, where womanhood and music and literature are stifled and young men mutated into robotic slaughterers.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Do I understand, sir, that you mean the Cause for which our heroes have died is not sacred?'If you were run over by a railroad train your death wouldn’t sanctify the railroad company, would it?' asked Rhett and his voice sounded as if he were humbly seeking information.
Cassandra Giovanni|And just in general, I'm better. Better than I've been since Bram died, and in some ways better than I was even before that. No, Lulu didn't break my hear. But I'm beginning to wonder if in some roundabout way, she fixed it.
Jennifer Archer, Through Her Eyes|In the end, it doesn’t matter how well we have performed or what we have accomplished—a life without heart is not worth living.
Oscar Wilde|I love the fact that we are surrounded by this spectacular natural beauty that routinely strikes us dead. Hikers walk off into the woods and are never seen again. And still we tug on our fleece and skip off into the wilderness, not a care in the world.
Andy Rooney|It's paradoxical that the idea of living a long life appeals to everyone, but the idea of getting old doesn't appeal to anyone.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Live in the Godliness.Our immature, ignorant and egoistic death as an earthly human identity is a setback to our own mankind, if a revolution in higher consciousness is not reached or achieved to unite &dissolve in the Supreme Power, our Creator - God, Lord, Allah, Bhagwan, my holy godfathers, the Omnipresence...Author(My name or yours doesn’t matter, we all are mere drops in the ocean of divine consciousness, an extension of Supreme Power).
Bernard Kelvin Clive|In a competitive crowded world market, it's the well positioned brands that Stands Out!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|One by one, they guessed aloud about what Lotto had meant by this sculpture: nautilus, fiddlehead, galaxy. Thread running off its spindle. Forces of nature, perfect in beauty, perfectly ephemeral, they guessed. He was too shy to say time. He’d woken with a dry tongue and the urge to make the abstract concrete, to build his new understanding: that this was the way that time was, a spiral.He loved the uselessness of all the effort, the ephemerality of the work. The ocean encroached, it licked their feet. It pushed around the outside wall of the spiral, fingering its way in. When the water had scooped the sand from the lifeguard's chair, revealing white like bone beneath, something broke, and the fragments spun into the future. This day would bend back and shine itself into everything.
Capies Pitts|Progression is the lesson, elevation is the direction, and evolution is the solution proven through ones contribution.
Curt Schilling|The counterculture has nothing to do with Dolce & Gabbana having a 'Hippy Summer' or something. Street kids, and kids who want to live in any sort of counter-cultural experience other than what's being presented by the mainstream media or political climate, or 'normal' cultural climate, are never going to look like that.
Deyth Banger|Thoughts are powerful, one thinking for something makes big changes... you try... Imagine this say "I want to fuck", then imaginate a girl. A woman which is 18 years old, blonde hair, white skin, big ass, big boobs, long legs, and likes to play with dicks... Think few times on such type of stuff and look the magic!
Semen Frank|Cookbooks are almost a substitution for a lost sense of culture. People want some other life than the one they're living, so they buy a cookbook with pictures and imagine themselves as part of that life.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|Have you realized that most of your unhappiness in life is due to the fact that you are listening to yourself instead of talking to yourself? Take those thoughts that come to you the moment you wake up in the morning. You have not originated them but they are talking to you, they bring back the problems of yesterday, etc. Somebody is talking. Who is talking to you? Your self is talking to you. Now this man’s treatment [in Psalm 42] was this: instead of allowing this self to talk to him, he starts talking to himself. “Why art thou cast down, O my soul?” he asks. His soul had been depressing him, crushing him. So he stands up and says, “Self, listen for moment, I will speak to you.
George Bernard Shaw|Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything.
Keelie Breanna|Choice-Judgement.Black coffee acidon an empty stomach.Perception.Cool, clear water.
Guy Kawasaki|Love yourself enough to give what matters every chance of working by communicating as well as you possibly can, and trying for as long as you wish.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Nurture a tree today, and it will provide you shade tomorrow.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|We couldn't believe how exciting it was to be together, a pair of young Americruisers on a roll. We'd lived for just twenty-five years; we weren't planning to die for fifty more. We danced and drank and went to rock shows. Our lives were just beginning, our favorite moment was right now, our favorite songs were unwritten.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|What did I tell you? Something's happening!' cried Sam. '"The war's going well," said Shagrat; but Gorbag he wasn't so sure. And he was right there too. Things are looking up, Mr. Frodo. haven't you got some hope now?''Well, no, not much, Sam,' Frodo sighed. 'That's away beyond the mountains. We're going east not west. And I'm so tired. And the Ring is so heavy, Sam. And I begin to see it in my mind all the time, like a great wheel of fire.
Gene Wolfe, Peace|... I believe in some sense much akin to the belief of faith, that I noticed, felt, or underwent what I describe—but it may be that the only reason childhood memories act on us so strongly is that, being the most remote we possess, they are the worst remembered and so offer the least resistance to that process by which we mold them nearer and nearer to an ideal which is fundamentally artistic, or at least nonfactual; so it may be that some of these events I describe never occurred at all, but only should have, and that others had not the shades and flavors—for example, of jealousy or antiquity or shame—that I have later unconsciously chosen to give them...
Shane Peacock, Vanishing Girl|No good ever comes of pride, for it is the meanest of mean things, and no one but he who is full of it thinks it grand.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|Apocalypse is a frame of mind." [Nicodemus] said then. "A belief. A surrender to inevitability. It is a despair for the future. It is the death of hope.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|The black widow, who had dispatched a lover or two, was sought out for her wisdom. The young spider asked her, "Did you keep his harmful secret under the threat of danger, or did you spin a web so confusing that he didn't know if you were friend or foe? Did you release him from the web and your presence or will you give another the venom in which to finish him?" The black widow was quiet and then said, "All of the above.
Bernie Siegel|Nature and Nature's laws lay hid in night: God said  "Let Newton be!" and all was light.
Tilica Haridat|If I have to choose between opportunity and preparation, I’d choose preparation, without it opportunity is useless.
Clarissa O. Clemens, The Poetic Diary of Love and Change|Back BurnerPut the stress on the back burnerIt only burns its way backPut your thoughts on the futureand it becomes the past..."excerpt from my poem Back Burner from The Poetic Diary of Love and Change - Volume 1©Clarissa O. Clemens
Blake Shelton|Space is almost infinite. As a matter of fact, we think it is infinite.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The student body, too, felt more diverse. Rob spoke often of "real people" with his friends, by which he meant people who struggled, like they all did. On the Ivy League campus visits, any sense of daily or long-term struggle had seemed airbrushed. At Johns Hopkins––and maybe he was only imagining this because of the Ivy League stigma absent in Baltimore––Rob believed the average student had worked harder and sacrificed more to be there.
John Pilger|The major western democracies are moving towards corporatism. Democracy has become a business plan, with a bottom line for every human activity, every dream, every decency, every hope. The main parliamentary parties are now devoted to the same economic policies — socialism for the rich, capitalism for the poor — and the same foreign policy of servility to endless war. This is not democracy. It is to politics what McDonalds is to food.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, John Carter of Mars, Vol 1|The whole fabric of our religion is based on superstitious belief in lies that have been foisted upon us for ages by those directly above us, to whose personal profit and aggrandizement it was to have us continue to believe as they wished us to believe.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Today we are fighting Communism. Okay. If I'd been alive fifty years ago, the brand of Conservatism we have today would have been damn near called Communism and we should have been told to go and fight that. History is moving pretty quickly these days and the heroes and villains keep on changing parts.
Julian Baggini|Working hard is a great way to impact the world, to learn, to grow, to feel accomplished, and sometimes even to find happiness, but it becomes a problem when you do so at the expense of the people closest to you.
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|Had he learned nothing from all those years of teaching Hawthorne? Through story after story he’d led his boys to consider the folly of obsession with purity – its roots sunk deep in pride, flowering condemnation and violence against others and self.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Despite 2000 years of evolution in modern times, we have still not managed to develop the intelligence to create a society that knows what love is. Our society is still not a civilization, it is still primitive and barbaric.
Derek Bok|Humans are distinguished from other species by a massive brain that enables us to imagine a future and influence it by what we do in the present. By using experience, knowledge and insight, our ancestors recognized they could anticipate dangers and opportunities and take steps to exploit advantages and avoid hazards.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Problem can get bigger or smaller, it all depends on how we view it individually.
Kambiz Shabankare|The instant that you forget about the consequences of your actions on other people, is the moment that you are about to lose your humanity. We all are related, no matter, what skin color, sexual orientation, gender or religion we hold. We all like rosary beads. Our existence is depended to the rest, if one bead falls apart, the rest of us will do too. Our humanity defines by how we accept, respect and support each other, otherwise we are simply a bunch of animals acting according to our instinct and killing one another to survive.
Luis Marques|You may think you're not blind, but can you see in the dark? ☥
Kid Rock|Comrade Kim Jong Il, by continuing the march of Songun without interruption and with absolute trust in our service personnel and other people who were faithful to the Party's cause, led the socialist cause of Juche along the road of victory.
Joss Whedon, Buffy the Vampire Slayer: No Future for You|In my generation, there was a single girl given the strength and skill to fight the spread of darkness...but in your generation, there are nearly two thousand with the powers of the slayer, and not all of them have chosen to use their newfound abilities conscientiously.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Great writing is always rewriting or revisionism, and is founded on a reading that clears space for the self.
Claudia Rankine, The End of the Alphabet: Poems|-(I)n memory, remorse wraps the self.
Anthon St. Maarten|Howard was almost as fond of this hall as he was of his own shop. The Brownies used it on Tuesdays, and the Women's Institute on Wednesdays. It had hosted jumble sales and Jubilee celebrations, wedding receptions and wakes, and it smelled of all of these things: of stale clothes and coffee urns, and the ghosts of home-baked cakes and meat salads; of dust and human bodies; but primarily of aged wood and stone.
Darkmatter|Lea found that she was saying things, saying them pretty loudly, but had no clear concept of what she was saying. [Sean and Andy’s] names, maybe. The seventy-two names of God. The capitals of all fifty states.Love. That word featured in there a lot. Which made sense. To the extent that Lea had any sense left a
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|That's what novels are: They're amalgams of archetypes, collections of random traits one observes in other people through life, blended into fresh characters.
Mike McRae, Tribal Science: Brains, Beliefs, and Bad Ideas|Scientific literacy is a rather noble ideal. Achieving it, however, is problematic thanks to our tribal brains. If science is equated with knowledge, then communicating facts, figures, and theories should be a way to increase the public’s level of engagement with it. However, this boils down to the authority distributing the information. Who do you listen to when there are conflicting sources? Our brain’s desire for certainty and its tendency to evaluate new information based on social clues means anybody painted as an expert, who sounds confident, shares our values and flatters our expectations, is more likely to win over our opinion...regardless of the scientific merits of their argument.
Moutasem Algharati|You know, I went through life and found that the bravest people are the ones who don’t mind looking like cowards. So, I didn't mind to be so.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Planting Seeds: Practicing Mindfulness with Children|The skill of mindfulness allows you to remain grounded in the present moment even when you face difficult stressors, so that your stressful feelings feel more manageable..
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|It doesn't take a man to have a child, it takes a man to raise a child.
Alfred Hitchcock|If you're that obsessed with someone, why would you kill her?Humans are full of contradictions.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|With discipline, you are able to maintain a higher tolerance for frustration, obstacles and negative emotions. Self-discipline allows you to obtain better health, better finances and a good work ethic, and it allows you to reach your most difficult goals more efficiently. The more disciplined you become, the more easier life gets, or the higher the degree of discipline, the greater your success.
Amy E. Reichert, The Coincidence of Coconut Cake|While Lou loved the raucous music, loud voices, and chaotic movement of a dinner rush, the calm of prep-work soothed her soul and gave her time to think. Some people did downward dog, some burned incense in front of a Buddha statue, some prayed the rosary; Lou chopped the vegetables into tiny squares, filleted fish, and reduced veal stock. Her meditation smelled better, and even if she didn't find a solution, at least she got to eat.
Kaylie Jones, Lies My Mother Never Told Me: A Memoir|I decided I would not go to court to have my mother declared incompetent, I would not fight. I put the car in drive and hit the gas. I felt as if I'd jumped off a sinking ship and was in a life raft with my little girl, my face turned away from the horror, rowing, rowing, as fast and as hard as I could in the opposite direction.
Tamora Pierce|She rides as a man, goes unveiled as a man, fights as a man. Let her prove herself worthy as a man, worthy of her weapons and of our friendship.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|I learned to swallow words back, hold secrets on my tongue until they dissolved like soap bubbles.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|They weren't tears of sadness or even tears of joy. I was just overflowing. Like so many things since I'd been here, I didn't yet understand it, but I felt it.
Philip Schultz|I not only couldn't read but often couldn't hear or understand what was being said to me - by the time I'd processed the beginning of a sentence, the teacher was well on her way through a second or third.
Mav Skye, Wanted: Single Rose|Cinema – all art really – has great power. Power to illuminate. Power to transform. For those of us who experience film as literature, classic movies comprised an introductory education in the genre. As kids, many of us went searching through library shelves for obscure source novels after seeing some old movie or other. It was the start of many an adventure.
Lindsay    Anderson, Syrin|Media was a battle ground. So was the internet. People began walking openly with their weapons, whether it was a gun or a camera. Drones were always skimming overhead, filming the violence of the second civil war of the United States.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Even when we have realized oneness and nothingness, we still have our personal lives to manage, bodies to take care of, and mouths to feed, and you will know which one is yours and which ones are others', so you won't put food into another person's mouth when you are hungry. Also you won't kiss a rattlesnake or hug a cactus no matter how strong an affinity you feel toward them. But at the same time, we know these apparent separations are functional, not fundamental, and should be recognized as such without mistaking one for the other. I would call this apparent separation "functional ego," or you can call it your "character," which is the collection of your beliefs, habits, and other people's expectations.
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|Events may be horrible or inescapable. Men have always a choice - if not whether, then how, they may endure.
Wendy C. Top, Getting Past the Labels: How the Truth Makes Women Free|[The] women's movement has been a blessing in many ways. [But] even as we have gained more physical and social opportunities, we are more spiritually and emotionally enslaved than ever in other arenas. Why? Because Satan has cleverly switched one form of oppression -- the undervaluing of women by men -- for another and perhaps more devastating form-- the undervaluing of women by themselves.
Debasish Mridha|You are the seer, you are the scenery, and you are the poetry.
Tamora Pierce, Alanna: The First Adventure|Eventually, some black thinkers believe, this "separation" may be the shortest route to an authentic communication at some future date when blacks and whites can enter into encounters in which they truly speak as equals and in which the white man will no longer load every phrase with unconscious suggestions that he has something to "concede" to black men or that he wants to help black men "overcome" their blackness.
Billy Collins|For us, the death of Osama bin Laden is a time of profound reflection. With his death, we remember and mourn all the lives lost on September 11. We remember and mourn all the lives lost in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan. We remember and mourn the death of our soldiers.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|The nature of the mind is to acquire, to absorb, is it not? Or rather the pattern it has created for itself is one of gathering in, and in that very activity the mind is preparing its own weariness, boredom. Interst, curiosity, is the beginning of acquisition, wich soon becomes boredom; and the urge to be free from boredom is another form of possession. So the mind goes from boredom to interest to boredom again, til it is utterly weary; and these successive waves of interest and weariness are regarded as existence."Commentaries on Living, Series II
Jonathan Tropper|Christianity is realistic because it says that if there is no truth, there is also no hope; and there can be no truth if there is no adequate base. It is prepared to face the consequences of being proved false and say with Paul: If you find the body of Christ, the discussion is finished, let us eat and drink for tomorrow we die. It leaves absolutely no room for a romantic answer.
Samuel Johnson|I am only human, although I regret it.
Ann Hood|I've always been petrified of working for a boss who I didn't like but who I was in fear of, because I wanted my salary.
Twyla Tharp|Life is about moving, it’s about change. And when things stop doing that they’re dead.
Ann Marie Aguilar|How can you be free, If you don't even know you're trap or lock inside?
Debasish Mridha|In the fountain of youth, love is the water and enthusiasm is the power.
Paul Oxton|I believe that Human Kindness, Compassion and Caring towards all life, will always prevail. No matter how cruel the night, the dawn will break and Africa will still be here along with all its wild beauty.
Caroline Fyffe, Under a Falling Star|You want me at your mercy, Princess. Question is, why?”“No,” she whispered. “Question is, do I?
Fisher Amelie, Thomas & January|An Irishman walks into a pub,” she begins and the bar went silent. “The bartender asks him, ‘What'll you have?’” Her Irish accent was spot on. “The man says, ‘Give me three pints of Guinness, please.’ The bartender brings him three pints and the man proceeds to alternately sip one, then the other, then the third until they're gone. He then orders three more.“The bartender says, ‘Sir, no need to order as many at a time. I’ll keep an eye on it and when you get low, I'll bring you a fresh one.’ The man replies, ‘You don't understand. I have two brothers, one in Australia and one in the States. We made a vow to each other that every Saturday night we'd still drink together. So right now, me brothers have three Guinness stouts too, and we're drinking together.’“The bartender thought this a wonderful tradition and every week the man came in and ordered three beers.” January’s playing and voice became more solemn, dramatic. “But one week, he ordered only two.” The crowd oohed and ahhed. “He slowly drank them,” she continued darkly, “and then ordered two more. The bartender looked at him sadly. ‘Sir, I know your tradition, and, agh, I'd just like to say that I'm sorry for your loss.’“The man looked on him strangely before it finally dawned on him. ‘Oh, me brothers are fine - I just quit drinking.
Georgette Heyer, These Old Shades|Monseigneur, I have killed you! You are dead! You are dead!"You display an unseemly joy," he remarked. "I had no notion you were so bloodthirsty.
Jeffrey S. Trosin|If at first you don't succeed, try again.If you still don't succeed, blame someone else.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|You broke the Man Code, dude. 'No man shall knowingly and with malice aforethought kick another man in the nuts.'""Okay, so I kicked him in the nuts. The little fucker was fleeing the scene of a crime where he'd pointed a weapon at my buddies."[from short story "Beer Run" at the end of Skin Deep]
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He puts us here to make an eternal difference.He puts us here to show everyone around us how much He loves them.He puts us here to be His hands and feet, His body and His heart.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|As you meet the needs of others, you will never lack anything.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|Live as if you were living a second time, and as though you had acted wrongly the first time.
Heather Brewer, Ninth Grade Slays|It never gets easier, missing you. And sometimes I wonder if it ever will.
Oliver Cromwell, Cromwell's Letters and Speeches: Volume Two|Sir, what can be said of these things? Is it the arm of the flesh that hath done these things? Is it the wisdom and counsel, or strength of man? It is the Lord only. God will curse that man and his house that dares to think otherwise. Sir, you see the work is done by a Divine leading. God gets into the hearts of men, and persuades them to come under you.
Haruki Murakami|Have books ‘happened’ to you? Unless your answer to that question is ‘yes,’ I’m unsure how to talk to you
Truman Capote|The only rich women who ever interested me, the ones who were ever my friends, were adventuresses---people who were total self-creations.
Robert Smithson|The names of minerals and the minerals themselves do not differ from each other, because at the bottom of both the material and the print is the beginning of an abysmal number of fissures. Words and rocks contain a language that follows a syntax of splits and ruptures. Look at any word long enough and you will see it open up into a series of faults, into a terrain of particles each containing its own void.
Bernard Beckett|Science has faith. We make postulates. We can't prove those postulates, but we have faith in them.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Code of the Woosters|He thought about the next time he would laugh with her and then the next. He found himself often thinking about the future, even before the present was over.
Avina Celeste|It was becoming more and more evident that Salem was a town that celebrated individuality, a real live-and-let-live kind of place. Melody felt a gut punch of regret. Her old nose would have fit in here."Look!" She pointed at the multicolored car whizzing by. Its black door were from a Mercedes coupe, the white hood from a BMW; the silver trunk was Jaguar, the red convertible top was Lexus, the whitewall tires were Bentley, the sound system was Bose, and the music was classical. A hood ornament from each model dangled from the rear view mirror. Its license plate appropriately read MUTT."That car looks like a moving Benton ad.""Or a pileup on Rodeo drive." Candace snapped a picture with her iPhone and e-mailed to her friends back home. They responded instantly with a shot of what they were doing. It must have involved the mall because Candace picked up her pace and began asking anyone under the age of fifty where the cool people hung out.
Kid Cudi|Clearly, society has a tremendous stake in insisting on a woman's natural fitness for the career of mother: the alternatives are all too expensive.
Breanna Sampson|Some things are hard to imagine. Can you conceive of excessive contentment, for example? Or an over pleasant evening? Too much happiness?
Abdulrazak Gurnah, Paradise|Respect yourself and others will come to respect you. That is true about all of us, but especially true about women. That is the meaning of honour.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones|I will not glory, even in my orthodoxy, for even that can be a snare if I make a god of it... Let us rejoice in Him in all His fulness and in Him alone.
Rachel Hawkins, School Spirits|Well, first you have to be very, very funny. I have realized that it is essential for a boy to be funny. Otherwise, what is the point in a boy?
Paramahansa Yogananda|From racial profiling and being pulled over just for 'driving while black' to this new phenomenon of killing unarmed people out of some preconceived idea of fear, our lives and our children's lives are not being valued.
Stephen Grosz|Pyschoanalysts are fond of pointing out that the past is alive in the present. But the future is alive in the present too. The future is not some place we're going to, but an idea in our mind now. It is something we're creating, that in turn creates us. The future is a fantasy that shapes our present.
Desmond Tutu|We only learn at the speed of pain, and we don't have others in our lives without forgiveness.
Marty Rubin|You need fire, conviction, to write. You can't write out of indifference.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Globalization has shipped products at a faster rate than anything else; it’s moved English into schools all over the world so that now there is Dutch English and Filipino English and Japanese English. But the ideologies stay in their places. They do not spread like the swine flu, or through sexual contact. They spread through books and films and things of that nature. The dictatorships of Latin America used to ban books, they used to burn them, just like Franco did, like Pope Gregory IX and Emperor Qin Shi Huang. Now they don’t have to because the best place to hide ideologies is in books. The dictatorships are mostly gone—Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay. The military juntas. Our ideologies are not secrets. Even the Ku Klux Klan holds open meetings in Alabama like a church. None of the Communists are still in jail. You can buy Mao’s red book at the gift shop at the Museum of Communism. I will die soon, in the next five to ten years. I have not seen progress during my lifetime. Our lives are too short and disposable. If we had longer life expectancies, if we lived to 200, would we work harder to preserve life or, do you think that when Borges said, ‘Jews, Christians, and Muslims all profess belief in immortality, but the veneration paid to the first century of life is proof that they truly believe in only those hundred years, for they destine all the rest, throughout eternity, to rewarding or punishing what one did when alive,’ we would simply alter it to say ‘first two centuries’? I have heard people say we are living in a golden age, but the golden age has passed—I’ve seen it in the churches all over Latin America where the gold is like glue. The Middle Ages are called the Dark Ages but only because they are forgotten, because the past is shrouded in darkness, because as we lay one century of life on top of the next, everything that has come before seems old and dark—technological advances provide the illusion of progress. The most horrendous tortures carried out in the past are still carried out today, only today the soldiers don’t meet face to face, no one is drawn and quartered, they take a pill and silently hope a heart attack doesn’t strike them first. We are living in the age of dissociation, speaking a government-patented language of innocence—technology is neither good nor evil, neither progress nor regress, but the more advanced it becomes, the more we will define this era as the one of transparent secrets, of people living in a world of open, agile knowledge, oceans unpoliced—all blank faces, blank minds, blank computers, filled with our native programming, using electronic appliances with enough memory to store everything ever written invented at precisely the same moment we no longer have the desire to read a word of it.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|What I can do, I will do. What I can't do, I will surrender to the one that can.
John T. Chambers|A lot of the problems in the mortgage world, people said, were because our competitors were evil. But a lot of it was a lack of technology - bad processes and systems.
Grandaddy BAD|Let us revenge this withour pikes, ere we become rakes: for the gods know Ispeak this in hunger for bread, not in thirst for revenge.
Charles Caleb Colton|I don't believe in any Greatest Generation. I believe in great events. They sweep ordinary people up, expose them to extremes of human behavior and unimaginable tests of integrity and courage, and then deposit them back on the home front.
Fidel Castro|If people call me Christian, not from the standpoint of religion but from the standpoint of social vision, I declare that I am a Christian.
Robert Kiyosaki|Without accepting the fact that everything changes, we cannot find perfect composure. Unfortunately, although it is true, it is difficult for us to accept it. Because we cannot accept the truth of transience, we suffer.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we are not registering bad events in history to learn from them, then why are we even still publishing them at all? Is it really an outlandish ideal to want a peaceful and prosperous nation, one ruled only by compassion, truth and justice? As of now, there is no peace, no truth, no prosperity, no compassion - and NO COMMON SENSE. Since when did the words human and inhumane share the same meaning?
Edgar Degas|Make sure you visualize what you really want, not what someone else wants for you.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|Then we change our possy and lie down again to play cards. We know how to do that: to play cards, to swear, and to fight. Not much for twenty years;--and yet too much for twenty years.
Ally Carter, I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You|Dear . . .You’re the poem I couldn’t finish The journey I should have never started I saw tragedy in our ending My pen bled its heart out trying to change it But you were the fight I didn’t want to lose The addiction I didn’t want to quitYet there was only one of us holding on I wasn’t attached to the man you areBut the one you could be I tried to build where there was no foundationCreate a fairy tale on blank pages But some stories need not be told, let alone written You’ll read my words and won’t be moved Your arrogance will not soften You won’t be changed Your heart, if you should have one, will not bend or break The worst part of it all Is this poem is about you and you’ll never even know it
David R. Wommack|Ironically, pretending that parenting is easy diminishes the value of family. As truth seekers and truth speakers, we need to be honest about the cost of parenting.
Christina Dodd, Love Never Dies|He was here. Nice to have someone to hold my hand in the end.	"Valkyrie, I need to lift you. This is going to hurt." His arms slid underneath my body.	I screamed. Almost gone. I struggled. Needed to tell him not to worry. It wasn't his fault. Don't bother trying to save me. Hurts too much.	"What is it, Valkyrie? You have to stop struggling." His head hovered above my mouth.	"There's nothing... left to save.
Nora Roberts, Chesapeake Blue|am still confused, how you fallen in love` with fat dog?...
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, If I Were a Man|Never in all her life had she imagined that this idolized millinery could look, to those who paid for it, like the decorations of an insane monkey.
H. R. Rookmaaker, A arte moderna e a morte de uma cultura|Many works would be senseless, real junk, but for the fact that, being art, they are exhibited because they have a message of almost religious importance, interpreting man and his world - yes, perhaps even as junk.
James Avery Fuchs, Gasoline and Winter|Loving someone isn’t about fairy tales or control. None of us walk through the world unwounded. Love is simply giving someone a safe space to grow and heal, and that’s how we have to love ourselves as well.
Pam Bachorz, Drought|Hadrian leapt to his feet. Royce was already up.“Don’t bother,” Esrahaddon told them. “She’s dead, and there’s nothing you can do. The monster cannot be harmed by your weapons. It—”The two were out the door.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan / A Woman of No Importance / An Ideal Husband / The Importance of Being Earnest / Salomé|Actions are the first tragedy in life, words are the second. Words are perhaps the worst. Words are merciless. . .
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|What is poetry? The person who answers it, can't be a poet!
Simi Sunny, The White Sirens|We’re both in a rut. And when two people have the different open wounds, they can relate and try to heal each other. Maybe it’ll be the same for Kayla and me. It’ll be a long a run, but we might as well try.
Iain Banks, Use of Weapons|There has seldom if ever a shortage of eager young males prepared to kill and die to preserve the security, comfort and prejudices of their elders, and what you call heroism is just an expression of this simple fact; there is never a scarcity of idiots.
Michelle Tea, Black Wave|It smelled of oily flowers, like the worn pillowcases of long-ago lovers.
T.A. Cline|Rise up oh heart, for there is another battle to win.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|In the path of compassion our patience, resilience and endurance are often challenged. Sometimes we may fail but we have to stand up again because ultimate joy of compassion is immeasurable for us and the whole world.
Sue Wicks|That this individual life of all of us is not something limited in its temporal expression to the life that now we experience, follows from the very fact that here nothing final or individual is found expressed.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|The human brain has a marvelous capacity to screen and sort experience, protecting itself against the unbearable.
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|The three main observactions - (1) the tail of available variety is far longer than we realize; (2) it's now within reach economically; (3) all those niches, when aggregated, can make up a significant market - seemed indisputable, especially baked up with heretofore unseen data.
Stephanie Skeem|Flowers don't tell, they show. That's the way good books should be too."--Stephanie Skeem. Author of Flotsam
Galt Niederhoffer, The Romantics|Technically, on the spectrum of very bad things, they did nothing truly wicked. But of course, that spectrum has no measure for the greatest of all carnal sins, the kind that occurs before skin touches skin, before wondering turns to yearning, yearning to having, having to holding for dear life, when two people cling to each other so desperately that even when they lie, inches apart, neither is fully satisfied until the light between them turns to darkness.
Robert G. Ingersoll|Half of my life passed searching for the evil that makes me to do wrong things, until I found innocent evils trapped in me.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|I could have been a priest instead of a prophet. The priest has a book with the words set out. Old words, known words, words of power. Words that are always on the surface. Words for every occasion. The words work. They do what they're supposed to do; comfort and discipline. The prophet has no book. The prophet is a voice that cries in the wilderness, full of sounds that do not always set into meaning. The prophets cry out because they are troubled by demons.
Austin Seferian-Jenkins|The opposite of courage in our society is not cowardice, it is conformity.
Cassandra Giovanni, Love Exactly|The platonic love I feel for my cousin, made me write this diary ...”Leione
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|What's going on?" I asked when he finished."I'll let you know soon. For now, we have to wait.""Great. My favorite thing to do.
Thabo Jijana, Failing Maths and My Other Crimes|now,never mindthe boy who came out of that reading rooma new man,safe in the hope of what was to comein the summers of his life.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|Have you ever heard of the theory of relativity?"Artemis blinked. "Is this a joke? I have traveled through time, Doctor. I think I know a little something about relativity.
Bruce Jenvey, Kevin|The room was plainly but adequately furnished; she noted the shower stall in the bathroom beyond. Actually, she would have preferred a tub, but this would do. 
John Delaney|If we each take responsibility in shifting our own behavior, we can trigger the type of change that is necessary to achieve sustainability for our race or this planet. We change our planet, our environment, our humanity every day, every year, every decade, and every millennia.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|The room was dark and velvety from the royal blue wallpaper with its gold pattern, but even here the echo of the flaming day shimmered brassily on the picture frames, on doorknobs and glided borders, although it came through the filter of the dense greenery of the garden.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|Whoever is full of wisdom is naturally compassionate; in fact we recognize that someone has gained spiritual wisdom by seeing their compassionate behavior. . . . Individuals and countries with power need to develop wisdom and compassion, for without these attributes, there is a danger that the power will be used to oppress and exploit others. (31)
Beth Hoffman, Saving CeeCee Honeycutt|Life is full of change, honey. That's how we learn and grow. When we're born, the Good Lord gives each of us a Life Book. Chapter by chapter, we live and learn.'"-
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...to know an other's interior life you are his confessor or a writer - the one is admitted freely, the other intrudes by discerning of spirits 
Laurie  Anderson|Lover of poetry, prose and procrastination.
James Aura, When Saigon Surrendered: A Kentucky Mystery|She had a way about her that spoke of homemade bread, and caring for people, and the kind of patience that women have when they help a ewe birth a lamb, or stay up in the night with a baby calf bawling for its momma.
Logan Pearsall Smith|As plants do not grow in the dark, never allow yourself to be in someone’s shadow.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Don't live off your past successes or failures, live for the next big pursuit.
Patrick Rothfuss|I smiled,"Deoch, my heart is made of stronger stuff than glass. When she strikes she'll find it strong as iron-bound brass, or gold and adamant together mixed. Don't think I am unaware, some startled deer to stand transfixed by hunter's horns. It's she who should take care, for when she strikes, my heart will make a sound so beautiful and bright that it can't help but bring her back to me in winged light.
Dean Koontz, Velocity|What will happen will happen. There is time for miracles until there is no more time, but time has no end.
Simone de Beauvoir|Men’s economic privilege, their social value, the prestige of marriage, the usefulness of masculine support—all these encourage women to ardently want to please men. They are on the whole still in a state of serfdom. It follows that woman knows and chooses herself not as she exists for herself but as man defines her. She thus has to be described first as men dream of her since her being-for-men is one of the essential factors of her concrete condition.
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|As the sun rules the day and the moon governs the night, so too, we are connected by: the air that we breathe, light that we see and the darkness that follows. Life is too short to waste it on disagreements. Surely, we can all agree to disagree. So let us find a common ground, form a union and spread joy, happiness and freedom around the world for the benefit of you, me and the future generations to come. 
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|The Time (T) and Energy (E) we invest in others, people will take it and carry it with them.
dalin shu|You are at my side, dear friends, and God is everywhere. Yet ultimately we are alone, making our way home by the candle of the heart. The light is steady and sure but extends only far enough to see the next step.Many times the light seems to go out. But another light, one held by a stranger or friend, a book or a song, a blackbird or a wild flower, comes close enough so that we can see our path by its light. And in time we realize that the light we have borrowed was always our own.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|There is no evidence to suggest that God helps people. There is, however, ample evidence that people can help themselves and each other.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Wise people problems, becomes everyone's solution. Foolish people solutions becomes everyone's problem.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|I don't deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts.
Vironika Tugaleva|When you become self aware, you know your uniqueness, strengths, and limitations too. You become easy to work with others. You also avoid competing with others unhealthily.
James Alison, The Joy of Being Wrong: Original Sin Through Easter Eyes|The doctrine of original sin is the doctrine according to which divine forgiveness makes known the accidental nature of human mortality, thus permitting an entirely new anthropological understanding.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|Those less fortunate eat dried fish while the truly destitute fight with the spiny shells of crabs or lobsters. Decades later, my father will find it incomprehensible that Americans crave what in his childhood was considered repugnant fare.
Frederick George Scott|May the ears of Canada never grow deaf to the plea of widows and orphans and our crippled men for care and support. May the eyes of Canada never be blind to that glorious light which shines upon our young national life from the deeds of those "who counted not their lives dear unto themselves," and may the lips of Canada never be dumb to tell to future generations the tales of heroism which will kindle the imagination and fire the patriotism of children that are yet unborn.
Stevie Smith, Collected Poems|Not Waving but Drowning Nobody heard him, the dead man, But still he lay moaning: I was much further out than you thought And not waving but drowning. Poor chap, he always loved larking And now he's dead It must have been too cold for him his heart gave way, They said. Oh, no no no, it was too cold always (Still the dead one lay moaning) I was much too far out all my life And not waving but drowning.
Noah Baumbach|Science is you! It's your head, it's your dog, it's your iPhone - it's the world. How do you see that as boring? If it's boring, it's because you're learning it from a textbook.
Joey W. Hill, Hostile Takeover|if everything that is happening in the world is traceable to our inability to understand what is happening in the world.  If there is such a thing as original sin, it's the human capacity to get everything wrong, right from the beginning and all the way up to now, and that's what the old storytellers have been telling us, including the Creek Indians who told this story along with every other tribe on earth. 
Garth Nix, Sir Thursday|My parents are going to kill me!""That seems rather harsh...
Debasish Mridha|To fill life with moments of happiness, be happy in the moment.
Tanmaya Guru|Doesn't need help of friends to climb to the peak, the need to have lofty aspirations.
Moonshine Noire|(...) ha! what is hope? a butterfly in a boxof demons, and nothing escapes the darkuntainted, a mockery of politics and greedstamped with treason and dipped inmyths and force-fed brainwashinggoing off after a time for the grandmassacre of faith, humanity, and still we search, scorched feetfor life but find only fake plastic treessatirical, ludicrous, and ironic
Vironika Tugaleva|Trust that, when you are not holding yourself together so tightly, you will not fall apart. Trust that it is more important to fulfill your authentic desires than listen to your fears. Trust that your intuition is leading you somewhere. Trust that the flow of life contains you, is bigger than you, and will take care of you — if you let it.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Booty Butt, Booty Butt, Booty Butt Cheeks
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Wall your life, guard your heart and mind your mind! A life without a wall least blocks something! A mind without a wall accepts anything at all!
Jennifer Lane, On Best Behavior|I’m glad I went to prison," Grant rasped in Sophie’s ear, so quietly only she could hear. "Because then I found you.
Rami Malek|Whenever I'm in the U.K., people say I have an American accent. Which is, obviously, funny.
Peter Steele|Set yourself earnestly to see what you are made to do, and then set yourself earnestly to do it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is a teacher,God is its professor.The wise are His students,life is His rod,and eternal life is our reward.
Steven Weinberg|Religion is an insult to human dignity. Without it you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things.But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion.
Yotam Ottolenghi|My mother is very emotional as well, but my dad is more of the guts of the family. He was the main preacher, so he kind of had this little Pentecostal flair, but they are born-again.
Renee Rentmeester, Visions II: The Poetry of Life|In times of great darkness, courage lights the way home.
Yuvika Mathur|I NEVER SAY I LACK TIME,I KNOW MY PRIORITY PRIME,I BELIEVE KILLING TIME IS CRIME,I WORK EVEN THEY DO CHIME,I HAVE PEOPLE WHO READ MY MIME
Kimberly Giles|When you experience the clarity that comes when you choose trust and love, you can see other people accurately – as the same as you.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, A Sense Of Life|As for the military advantage of such a bombardment, I simply cannot grasp it. I have seen housewives disemboweled, children mutilated; I have seen the old itinerant market crone sponge from her treasure the brains with which they were spattered. I have seen a janitor's wife come out of her cellar and douse the sullied pavement with a bucket of water, and I am still unable to understand what part these humble slaughterhouse accidents play in warfare.
Laura Smith|I’m going to say this once here, and then—because it is obvious—I will not repeat it in the course of this book: not all boys engage in such behavior, not by a long shot, and many young men are girls’ staunchest allies. However, every girl I spoke with, every single girl—regardless of her class, ethnicity, or sexual orientation; regardless of what she wore, regardless of her appearance—had been harassed in middle school, high school, college, or, often, all three. Who, then, is truly at risk of being “distracted” at school? At best, blaming girls’ clothing for the thoughts and actions of boys is counterproductive. At worst, it’s a short step from there to “she was asking for it.” Yet, I also can’t help but feel that girls such as Camila, who favors what she called “more so-called provocative” clothing, are missing something. Taking up the right to bare arms (and legs and cleavage and midriffs) as a feminist rallying cry strikes me as suspiciously Orwellian. I recall the simple litmus test for sexism proposed by British feminist Caitlin Moran, one that Camila unconsciously referenced: Are the guys doing it, too? “If they aren’t,” Moran wrote, “chances are you’re dealing with what we strident feminists refer to as ‘some total fucking bullshit.’” So while only girls get catcalled, it’s also true that only girls’ fashions urge body consciousness at the very youngest ages. Target offers bikinis for infants. The Gap hawks “skinny jeans” for toddlers. Preschoolers worship Disney princesses, characters whose eyes are larger than their waists. No one is trying to convince eleven-year-old boys to wear itty-bitty booty shorts or bare their bellies in the middle of winter. As concerned as I am about the policing of girls’ sexuality through clothing, I also worry about the incessant drumbeat of self-objectification: the pressure on young women to reduce their worth to their bodies and to see those bodies as a collection of parts that exist for others’ pleasure; to continuously monitor their appearance; to perform rather than to feel sensuality. I recall a conversation I had with Deborah Tolman, a professor at Hunter College and perhaps the foremost expert on teenage girls’ sexual desire. In her work, she said, girls had begun responding “to questions about how their bodies feel—questions about sexuality or arousal—by describing how they think they look. I have to remind them that looking good is not a feeling.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Dope don't have no sympathy, not for love or family, definitely not for fear. Put dope and the devil up against each other in the ring, and dope will win out. Every single time.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Healing After Loss: Soulfully Inspiring You Whilst Mourning Loss and Working Through Grief|As Christmas draws near, let the words resonate — not just within your heart & mind, but Soul.
Paul Goble, Dream Wolf|We did not think of the great open plains, the beautiful rolling hills and the winding streams with tangled growth, as 'wild'. Only to the white man was nature a 'wilderness' and only to him was the land 'infested' with 'wild' animals and 'savage' people. To us it was home. Earth was beautiful and we were surrounded with the blessings of the Great Mystery." - Chief Standing River of the Lakota
Christina Westover, The Man Who Followed Jack Kerouac|..giving power to negative thoughts or fears was bringing ideas to life in physical world,idea in mind became emotion in heart,emotion turned into words spoken,written,painted,strummed across guitar strings,or vibrantly held note by Tibetan singing bowl, thoughts affected physical world.
Don DeLillo|In the modern era, Jewish sovereignty over the land of our ancestors is a relatively short phenomenon. From the time of the successful Maccabean revolt to the Roman annexation in 63 BC constitutes about 100 years of Jewish rule. Combined with Israel's independence in 1948, this is about 160 years of effective sovereignty.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|A man makes himself hard and inflexible in order to escape his guiltiness. The strange paradox present on every page of the Gospels and which we can verify any day, is that it is not guilt which is the obstacle to grace, as moralism supposes. On the contrary, it is the repression of guilt, self-justification, genuine self-righteousness and smugness which is the obstacle.
Rhys|If men stopped making fools of themselves in front of women, I'm 80% sure the planet would cease to spin on its axis.
Lisa See, Peony in Love|I imagined my first night alone in bed with my stranger. I conjured our future years together unhampered by worries about money or officialdom. We would enjoy the day, the night, a smile, a word, a kiss, a glance. All lovely thoughts. All pointless dreams.
Ethan Canin|If we can reduce the cost and improve the quality of medical technology through advances in nanotechnology, we can more widely address the medical conditions that are prevalent and reduce the level of human suffering.
Black Elk|When it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable.
Penelope Cruz|A wedding, a great wedding, is just a blast. A celebration of romance and community and love... What is unfun about that? Nothing.
Beatrice Rose Roberts, Twin Loyalties: From the Chronicles of Tar Ponds City|Well, we're originally from Glace Bay."Grandma Elsie's eyes glittered. She was looking at one of her own, a lost Cape Bretoner in need of help and offering a new story. "Tell me all about it, dear.
Timothy S. Lane, Relationships: A Mess Worth Making|If you look for God in your relationships, you will always find things to be thankful for. When God reigns in our hearts, peace reigns in our relationships. This work will only be complete in heaven but there is much we can enjoy now.
Richard Ford|Real mystery - the very reason to read (and certainly write) any book - was to them a thing to dismantle, distill and mine out into rubble they could tyrannize into sorry but more permanent explanations; monuments to themselves, in other words. In my view all teachers should be required to stop teaching at age thirty-two and not allowed to resume until they're sixty-five, so that they can live their lives, not teach them away - live lives full of ambiguity and transience and regret and wonder, be asked to explain nothing in public until very near the end when they can't do anything else. Explaining is where we all get into trouble.
Madame de Boudoir, King of the Sea: A Paranormal Merman Erotic Romance|Do you belong to anyone?" he asked."No," she whispered."Good, because tonight, you belong to the the King of the Sea.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Today is an ephemeral ghost...A strange amazing day that comes only once every four years. For the rest of the time it does not "exist."In mundane terms, it marks a "leap" in time, when the calendar is adjusted to make up for extra seconds accumulated over the preceding three years due to the rotation of the earth. A day of temporal tune up!But this day holds another secret—it contains one of those truly rare moments of delightful transience and light uncertainty that only exist on the razor edge of things, along a buzzing plane of quantum probability...A day of unlocked potential.Will you or won't you? Should you or shouldn't
Debasish Mridha|Some people say falling in love is the beginning of life, but some people says it is the end of theirs.
Diana Abu-Jaber, The Language of Baklava: A Memoir|Marry, don't marry,' Auntie Aya says as we unfold layers of dough to make an apple str
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|In the 1890s, when Freud was in the dawn of his career, he was struck by how many of his female patients were revealing childhood incest victimization to him. Freud concluded that child sexual abuse was one of the major causes of emotional disturbances in adult women and wrote a brilliant and humane paper called “The Aetiology of Hysteria.” However, rather than receiving acclaim from his colleagues for his ground-breaking insights, Freud met with scorn. He was ridiculed for believing that men of excellent reputation (most of his patients came from upstanding homes) could be perpetrators of incest.Within a few years, Freud buckled under this heavy pressure and recanted his conclusions. In their place he proposed the “Oedipus complex,” which became the foundation of modern psychology. According to this theory any young girl actually desires sexual contact with her father, because she wants to compete with her mother to be the most special person in his life. Freud used this construct to conclude that the episodes of incestuous abuse his clients had revealed to him had never taken place; they were simply fantasies of events the women had wished for when they were children and that the women had come to believe were real. This construct started a hundred-year history in the mental health field of blaming victims for the abuse perpetrated on them and outright discrediting of women’s and children’s reports of mistreatment by men.
Ashlyn Chase, I Dream of Dragons|I wish the Irish had never invented whiskey," Pat said. Mr. O'Malley smirked, "The Irish didn't invent it. God did. It was his way of keepin' the Irish from takin' over the world.
Charles Spencer King|Your uncompromising attitude makes people feel pathetic. Your very existence reminds them just how much they’ve sold out, and the more you’re acclaimed, the punier they themselves appear. When it’s like that, the only way they can fight back is by dragging you down. The bullshit gives them back a little bit of dignity – at least that’s what they imagine.
Phan Ming Yen, lost bodies: poems between portugal and home|I had begun reading the book on the plane just after take-off. And I realised that something does happen to you when you read fiction above ground: The intensity of each word and phrase is magnified and the world which the writer has created for you takes on a greater dimension than before. After a while, you can't tell fiction from fact.
Peter Ruber, The Last Bookman|My second meeting with Vincent Starrett began on a cool Sunday afternoon in May of 1962. After a short interlude, he returned from the kitchen precariously balancing a large cup of tea on a very small saucer. It was the largest tea cup I had ever seen, large enough to startle, I am inclined to suspect, even the Mad Hatter in 'Alice in Wonderland.
Anthony Liccione|It's useless to paint a closed door, in order to change its color. The door needs to be open for both sides to change as same.
Herbert Croly|Gentlemen have talked a great deal of patriotism. A venerable word, when duly practiced.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together: The Classic Exploration of Christian Community|Gratitude isn't a tool to manipulate the universe or God. It's a way to acknowledge our faith that everything happens for a reason even if we don't know what that reason is. ~Melody Beattie, 52 Weeks of Conscious Contact, pg. 34.
J.R.R. Tolkien|And all the host laughed and wept, and in the midst of their merriment and tears the clear voice of the minstrel rose like silver and gold, and all men were hushed. And he sang to them, now in the Elven-tongue, now in the speech of the West, until their hearts, wounded with sweet words, overflowed, and their joy was like swords, and they passed in thought out to regions where pain and delight flow together and tears are the very wine of blessedness.
Carrie Chapman Catt|Every day, I wake up determined to deliver a better life for the people all across this nation that have been neglected, ignored, and abandoned. I have visited the laid-off factory workers and the communities crushed by our horrible and unfair trade deals. These are the forgotten men and women of our country.
Mark Haddon, The Red House|Melissa popped open the clattery little Rotring tin. Pencils, putty rubber, scalpel. She sharpened a 3B, letting the curly shavings fall into the wicker bin, then paused for a few seconds, finding a little place of stillness before starting to draw the flowers. Art didn't count at school because it didn't get you into law or banking or medicine. It was just a fluffy thing stuck to the side of Design and Technology, a free A level for kids who could do it, like a second language, but she loved charcoal and really good gouache, she loved rolling sticky black ink on to a lino plate and heaving on the big black arm of the Cope press, the quiet and those big white walls.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|He is wise who at last sees in suffering only the light that it sheds on his soul; and whose eyes never rest on the shadow it casts upon those who have sent it towards him. And wiser still is the man to whom sorrow and joy not only bring increase of consciousness, but also the knowledge that something exists superior to consciousness even. To have reached this point is to reach the summit of inward life, whence at last we look down on the flames whose light has helped our ascent.
Julio Alexi Genao, When You Were Pixels|I watched you roll off me and step away from the bed in silence, but when the heat of your body was gone, I wanted it back.
Mark Seidenberg, Language at the Speed of Sight|American attitudes toward teachers are frankly incoherent. We want outstanding people to enter the field but provide little incentive to do so. We expect teachers to be able to educate every child, including one for whom the obstacles to learning originate outside the school. They should be able to do this without adequate training, having figured it out on their own.
Nathaniel Branden, How to Raise Your Self-Esteem: The Proven Action-Oriented Approach to Greater Self-Respect and Self-Confidence|Of all the judgements we pass, none is as important as the one we pass on ourselves.
Kim Newman, Anno Dracula|I said, 'If other beings besides us exist on Earth, why didn't we meet them a long time ago?
Roshan Sharma|We’re always looking, but we never really see.
Ursula Vernon, Jackalope Wives|Sweet mother Mary, boy, think about what you’re doing! Be cruel or be kind, but don’t be both, because now you’ve made a mess you can’t clean up in a hurry.
AainaA-Ridtz, The Sacred Key — Transcending Humanity|Don't talk of Life as if its one big package of miseries - it is the very Essence within that passes through both you, and your enemies and every permissible illusion. Once you're opened to, and are awakened to your TRUE NATURE, fireworks light up your path, irrespective whether it is a "Tariqa", or a pathless one!
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|I know the look of an apple that is roasting and sizzling on the hearth on a winter's evening, and I know the comfort that comes of eating it hot, along with some sugar and a drench of cream... I know how the nuts taken in conjunction with winter apples, cider, and doughnuts, make old people's tales and old jokes sound fresh and crisp and enchanting.
Kristen Kehoe, Dropping In|The new father finally hangs up the phone, laughing at absolutely nothing. "Congratulations," I say, when what I really want to tell him is to pick up that baby of his and hold her tight, to set the moon on the edge of her crib and to hang her name up in stars so that she never, ever does to him what I have done to my parents.
Hamza Yusuf|Just as modern mass production requires the standardization of commodities, so the social process requires standardization of man, and this standardization is called equality.
Heather Demetrios, I'll Meet You There|A little bit closer to the stars, anything seemed possible.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Thoughts can only hurt you with your permission, feelings can only wound you with your consent, experiences can only damage you with your authorization; life can only ruin you with your approval.
Richard Corliss|No matter what I put out, somebody will be offended. I made a video on 10 reasons to smile, and it has dislikes. That should be an indication that there will be some who get offended no matter what you do. The best you can do as an entertainer or as someone who performs is to follow what you believe in.
Rachel Van Dyken, Ruin|the nurse smiled and patted my arm. “Don’t give up yet. Sometimes when we think God has written The End, what he really means is The Beginning.
Umberto Eco, This is Not the End of the Book|The fire? It has been alive as long as I have. We talk and think together all night long. It’s like a book to me – the only book I ever learned to read; and many an old story it tells me. It’s music, for I should know its voice among a thousand, and there are other voices in its roar. It has its pictures too. You don’t know how many strange faces and different scenes I trace in the red-hot coals. It’s my memory, that fire, and shows me all my life.
Miranda Hart|I tend to think of a myth and then explore how it would play out if it were happening in the modern-day world. I modify all the myths I use, but I stick very closely to their structure - it is the hidden teacher in me.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|So much working, reading, thinking, living to do! A lifetime is not long enough.
Cristina Nehring, A Vindication of Love: Reclaiming Romance for the Twenty-first Century|Well, that is what you risk when you fall in love. You risk losing your dignity.
Ivan Vladislavić|Write it down. Not just to remember it, but to forget it in the right way. My notebook are a kind of materialized subconscious, a hard-copy memory and its invisible substrata, following their own rules. More than once I have been surprised to discover that an idea I thought was new and original, something I set down in a notebook yesterday, is already contained in another note from years before. Sometimes the second version repeats the first, almost word for word, across the space of a decade. The earlier version, once brought with clarity to the surface, has been covered over again by layers of yellowing paper.
James Surowiecki, The Wisdom of Crowds|I wondered quickly if I'd give my life so that a dragon could live. If someone offered me that deal, your life for the existence of dragons.I thought maybe yes, maybe no.
George Chapman, All Fools|In terms of days and moments lived, you'll never again be as young as you are right now, so spend this day, the youth of your future, in a way thatdeflects regret. Invest in yourself. Have some fun. Do something important.Love somebody extra.
Martha A. Ackelsberg, Free Women of Spain: Anarchism and the Struggle for the Emancipation of Women|Direct action meant that the goal of any and all of these activities was to provide ways for people to get in touch with their own powers and capacities, to take back the power of naming themselves and their lives. It was to be distinguished from more conventional political activity even in a democratic system. Instead of attempting to make change by forming interest groups to pressure politicians, anarchists insisted that we learn to think and act for ourselves by joining together in organizations in which our experience, our perception, and our activity can guide and make the change. Knowledge does not precede experience, it flows from it: "We begin by deciding to work, and through working, we learn ... We will learn how to live in libertarian communism by living in it." People learn how to be free only by exercising freedom: "We are not going to find ourselves ... with people ready-made for the future ... Without the continued exercise of their faculties, there will be no free people ... The external revolution and the internal revolution presuppose one another, and they must be simultaneous in order to be successful.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|The Iraqi sun quickly heated the air to an unbearable onehundred twenty three degree’s, causing an unquenchable thirst toboil up in him. Thomas then dropped his rifle under his right arm,where it hung beneath his pit by a strap called a fast sling, there theweapon dangled under his sweat soaked uniform.
Carol Burnett|Of all human activities, man's listening to God is the supreme act of his reasoning and will.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|In every fall, clever man discovers the secrets of further rising!
Cyril of Jerusalem|frThe Spirit comes gently and makes himself known by his fragrance. He is not felt as a burden for God is light, very light. Rays of light and knowledge stream before him as the Spirit approaches. The Spirit comes with the tenderness of a true friend to save, to heal, to teach, to counsel, to strengthen, and to console.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|A doubtful friend is worse than a certain enemy. Let a man be one thing or the other, and we then know how to meet him.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|The universe speaks to us, if we have the courage to see it for what it is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My strength is in the Lord. In him, I breathe, live and move.
Bernie Sanders|I think all women go through periods where we hate this about ourselves, we don't like that. It's great to get to a place where you dismiss anything you're worried about. I find flaws attractive. I find scars attractive.
Matt Haig, Reasons to Stay Alive|Understand, for instance, that having a sad thought, even having a continual succession of sad thoughts, is not the same as being a sad person. You can walk through a storm and feel the wind but you know you are not the wind.That is how we must be with our minds. We must allow ourselves to feel their gales and downpours, but all the time knowing this is just necessary weather.When I sink deep, now, and I still do from time to time, I try and understand that there is another, bigger and stronger part of me that is not sinking. It stands unwavering.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Sir, no insult intended, but you said to me once that you don’t like kiss-asses and that you’d rather work with people challenging your perceptions.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|To feel aroused is to feel alive. Having great sex is like taking in huge lungfuls of fresh air, essential to your body, essential to your health, and essential to your life.
James C. Dobson|But what I mean is, lots of time you don't know what interests you most till you start talking about something that doesn't interest you most.
Walker Percy, Lost in the Cosmos: The Last Self-Help Book|We stand on a mountain pass in the midst of whirling snow and blinding mist, through which we get glimpses now and then of paths which may be deceptive. If we stand still we shall be frozen to death. If we take the wrong road we shall be dashed to pieces. We do not certainly know whether there is any right one. What must we do? 'Be strong and of a good courage.' Act for the best, hope for the best, and take what comes.... If death ends all, we cannot meet death better.
Max Scheler, Ressentiment|Regarding Christians who feel they have a free pass on being criticized; When the blind worship of an invisible being and the doctrine of millennia-old texts written by ignorant men in another country becomes more important than real, present human beings, then the blind worshiper SHOULD be shunned and criticized. It would be unethical to respond otherwise.
Ufuoma Apoki, The Return of Lucas|You can be beautiful, kind and, also, strong. Strength can be shown in very many ways besides a sword or bow.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Invested wisely, time produces a good return. Invested poorly, it has little or no value and is therefore wasted.
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|He explained that unlike our other classes in the program, research was all about prediction and control. I was smitten. You mean that rather than leaning and holding, I could spend my career predicting and controlling? I had found my calling.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|When you leave home to follow your dreams, your road will probably be riddled with potholes, not always paved in happy Technicolor bricks. You'll probably be kicked to the ground 150 million times and told you're nuts by friends and strangers alike. As you progress you may feel lonely or terrified for your physical and emotional safety. You may overestimate your own capabilities or fail to live up to them, and you'll surely fall flat on your face once in a while.
David Gerrold|My grandfather was an amazing man. You talk about character and integrity, everyone who knew him, whether they agreed with him or not, said, 'George Romney is a good man, and he sticks to his principles: a man of honesty and hard work, integrity.'
Jennifer Lawrence|Men are not angered by mere misfortune but by misfortune conceived as injury. And the sense of injury depends on the feeling that a legitimate claim has been denied. The more claims on life, therefore, that [they]... make, the more often [they] will feel injured and, as a result, ill-tempered.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Our standards of morality are begotten of the past needs of society, but is society to remain always the same?
D. H. Lawrence|True love is quiescent, except in the nascent moments of true humility.
Okisha Jackson|To have sinned and wake up the next day is truly a miracle, repent.
Ann Medlock|A third-grader when WWII started, I was also waging my own "war effort." It was deeply magical thinking—I really thought what I did or didn't do could save lives, win battles, bring my dad and uncles home safe. And conversely, that if I screwed up, they were all in greater danger.
Mike Klepper|The true object of loyalty is a good legal constitution, which, as it condemns every instance of oppression and lawless power, derives a certain remedy to the sufferer by allowing him to remonstrate his grievances, and pointing out methods of relief when the gentle arts of persuasion have lost their efficacy.
Brian Rock|He finished his drink. 'I don’t like mornings either,' he said. “That’s why I’m a writer.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I like it because when people use a lot of poker lingo, it usually means they’ve been playing the game for a while. Which is why I immediately avoid those people.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|The Holy Spirit Asks that you accept the idea of one mind wholeheartedly, for this is the Correction to the error called ego. The ego was the belief in private minds with private thoughts, but if mind is one the ego has no foundation on which to stand. Forgiveness reflects the oneness that shines beyond perception. Forgiveness unifies and shows the world anew. You are not going insane, you are going inward to sanity of mind. And unified perception is the gateway to the remembrance of God and Christ.
Plato|There was no need to analyze the feelings that the people caught in the commission of the amorous act, held for each other, for it was literally written in their hands.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich|I deeply adored my mum. She was an extraordinary person, even for the prejudice I'm likely to have. She was beautiful, amusing, a tremendous elaborator of things into comic proportions and extravagant in her imagination.
Ava DuVernay|I prefer a positive view of freedom, drawing on another tradition of political thinking that goes all the way back to the ancient Greek polis.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|An historic institution, which never went right, is really quite much of a miracle as an institution that cannot go wrong.
Michelle Franklin|The old who refuse to die merely on principle live on forever, to hate life and complain of all the things they could have been spared had they the good sense to die young.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|Sergeant Colon owed thirty years of happy marriage to the fact that Mrs. Colon worked all day and Sargent Colon worked all night. They communicated by means of notes. They had three grown-up children, all born, Vimes had assumed, as a result of extremely persuasive handwriting.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Now was the time to make quick tracks. Back to Fort-Gono, retrace my steps? Try to explain my conduct and the circumstances of the present disaster? I hesitated . . . Not for long. Nothing can be explained. The world only knows how to do one thing, to roll over and kill you, as a sleeper kills his fleas. That would be a stupid way to die, I said to myself, to let myself be crushed like everybody else. To put your trust in men is to get yourself killed a little.
John McGahern, The Dark|They'd listen silenty, with grave faces: but once they'd turn to each other they'd smile cruelly. He couldn't have it both ways. He'd put himself outside and outside they'd make him stay. Neither brutality nor complaining could force a way in.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|Whilst on the subject of the spread of Buddhism in the West, I want to say that I have noticed some tendency towards sectarianism amongst new practitioners. This is absolutely wrong. Religion should never become a source of conflict, a further factor of division within the human community.
Alyson Noel, Saving Zoë|Leadership reveals itself in the big moments, but is forged in the small. It is the exponential and compounding product of our many incremental behaviors and actions; all of which arise out of our choices in values, beliefs & emotions. Choices all. Not a one is thrust upon us.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|The piece of you that loves a part of me tries its best to hold onto the rest,but my heart is a thousand-piece puzzle of a faraway galaxy, deep purple,colors blending together and impossible to place.
Jerry Ash, Hellraiser—Mother Jones: An Historical Novel|Turning back to the crowd I say, “I am duty bound to make this plea, but I want to say, with all due respect to the governor here, that I doubt seriously that he will do — cannot do — anything. And for the reason that he is owned, lock, stock and barrel, by the capitalists who placed him here in this building.” — Mother Jones
Alexandra Potter, Be Careful What You Wish For|Mortals always want something more- they wish for money, but what they're really after is to be carefree. Power when what they really want is control. Beauty when they want love. Sometimes they know it, sometimes they don't
Ray Romano|A lot of people into Tool, for some reason, are not interested in humor.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|You are serving someone for the rest of your life, not knowing a time must come when you must also be served.
Will McIntosh, Soft Apocalypse|Carpe Diem, just remember that we're partying on the Titanic.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you're good, you'll be recognized. Because people, even if they're prejudiced, are going to want the best. You just have to make being the best your goal in life.
Arzak Khan|...CompuServe, and it was not sophisticated, guys. It was the cave painting equivalent to Tumblr.
Darius Rucker|My biggest pet peeve, I guess, is other comedians criticizing Larry the Cable Guy.
Kevin Mitnick|When we asked college students how they adapted to the tidal wave of new technology, one explained, "It's only technology if it happened after you were born.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|The champions of socialism call themselves progressives, but they recommend a system which is characterized by rigid observance of routine and by a resistance to every kind of improvement. They call themselves liberals, but they are intent upon abolishing liberty. They call themselves democrats, but they yearn for dictatorship. They call themselves revolutionaries, but they want to make the government omnipotent. They promise the blessings of the Garden of Eden, but they plan to transform the world into a gigantic post office. Every man but one a subordinate clerk in a bureau.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Affirmations for Healing Mind, Body & Spirit|Prayers can be whatever you wish them to be. They can be short or long requests, expressions of gratitude and affirmations that your requests are being honored.
Brooke McKinley, Shades of Gray|It's like this old patchwork quilt my momma used to have...Each piece on that quilt meant something. And some of those pieces were the damn ugliest things you've ever seen...But some of the pieces were so beautiful they almost hurt my eyes to look at when I was a kid...That's the best you can hope for, Danny. That your life turns out like that patchwork quilt. That you can add some bright, sparkling pieces to the dirty, stained ones you have so far. That in the end, the bright patches might take up more space on your quilt than the dark ones.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|Do the things you want to do; if you don’t, the things which keep you alive inside you die and you turn into a ghost!
Saaif Alam|The only way we can revive our memories, if we are willing to ponder about the events that was never discussed for years by looking back at old photos or written texts which gives us a clue about the event we are trying to recall about. If that strategy is accomplished, we will have a clear episodic memory about that particular event that we perceive it as very significant to us.
Toni Morrison|I want to remind us all that art is dangerous. I want to remind you of the history of artists who have been murdered, slaughtered, imprisoned, chopped up, refused entrance. The history of art, whether it's in music or written or what have you, has always been bloody, because dictators and people in office and people who want to control and deceive know exactly the people who will disturb their plans.And those people are artists. They're the ones that sing the truth. And that is something that society has got to protect. But when you enter that field, no matter whether that's Sonia's poetry or Ta-Nehisi's rather startlingly clear prose, it's a dangerous pursuit. Somebody's out to get you. You have to know it before you start, and do it under those circumstances, because it is one of the most important things that human beings do.
Laurann Dohner, True|I’m pregnant.” Brent dropped his bag on the driveway. “What?” “I’m pregnant and you almost got blown up, you ass,” Hayden said shakily. “I’m never speaking to you again.” He went toward her slowly, laying a reverent hand on her belly. “There could be a mini-duchess in here?” His exhale sounded shaky. “Holy shit.
Edith Wharton, The Buccaneers|For the first time in his life, he felt exactly what he was, and he was not impressed.
Bill Bryson, Made in America: An Informal History of the English Language in the United States|From that original colony sprang seven names that still feature on the landscape: Roanoke (which has the distinction of being the first Indian word borrowed by English settlers), Cape Fear, Cape Hatteras, the Chowan and Neuse Rivers, Chesapeake, and Virginia. (Previously, Virginia had been called Windgancon, meaning "what gay clothes you wear" - apparently what the locals had replied when an early reconnoitering party had asked the place's name.)
martin keown|You care for each other. There's a love for another. People don't want to use that word, but I thought Wenger set that influence. Because you get some managers who would trust you, they've all got good knowledge, but not all of them care for you. But he cared in such a way that you gave more for him. He spread that. He certainly spread that to me. I felt that I was being more caring, or more helpful towards other people because of what he did. I felt that habit and behaviour came from the boss.
Hamza Yusuf, Purification of the Heart: Signs, Symptoms and Cures of the Spiritual Diseases of the Heart|This was an infidel country, whose way of life we Muslims were supposed to oppose and reject. Why was it, then, so much better run, better led, and made for such better lives than the places we came from? Shouldn't the places where Allah was worshipped and His laws obeyed have been at peace and wealthy, and the unbelievers' countries ignorant, poor, and at war?
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|Feelings, she learned, were hard to fight. She treasured his smiles and compliments and tried not to dwell on the fact that he gave this things to his friend Kel.His dreamy-eyed gazes, poems, and fits of passionate melancholy were for Uline. It was hard not to resent the older girl.
Barbara Hershey|True love is not a strong, fiery, impetuous passion. It is, on the contrary, an element calm and deep. It looks beyond mere externals, and is attracted by qualities alone. It is wise and discriminating, and its devotion is real and abiding.
Bible|Give thanks in all circumstances, for this is God's will for you in Christ Jesus" (1 Thess. 5:18).
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Whilst writing all this, I have had in my mind a woman, whose strong and serious mind would not have failed to support me in these contentions. I lost her thirty years ago [I was a child then]--nevertheless, ever living in my memory, she follows me from age to age.She suffered with me in my poverty, and was not allowed to share my better fortune. When young, I made her sad, and now I cannot console her. I know not even where her bones are: I was too poor then to buy earth to bury her!And yet I owe her much. I feel deeply that I am the son of woman. Every instant, in my ideas and words [not to mention my features and gestures], I find again my mother in myself. It is my mother's blood which gives me the sympathy I feel for bygone ages, and the tender remembrance of all those who are now no more.What return then could I, who am myself advancing towards old age, make her for the many things I owe her? One, for which she would have thanked me--this protest in favour of women and mothers.
Ovadya ben Malka, A Damaged Mirror|We give to God of our strength, not our weakness. But we also say: “Da lifneh mi ata omed”—Know before whom you stand. We know what we are in the face of that. We see the full picture—God and ourselves. We cannot see ourselves as more than we are because we see how much greater is the reality. But we must not lessen our value in our own eyes either, because we are a necessary part of this reality. It is no small thing that we are able to “stand” and to address that reality.It would be good if we could approach life the way we approach prayer, knowing before whom we stand.
Harrison Ford|When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor; when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man.
William Donelson|When you see something that is wrong, there is something that has to be right.
Hyeonseo Lee, The Girl with Seven Names: A North Korean Defector’s Story|This is when I understood that we can do without almost anything – our home, even our country. But we will never do without other people, and we will never do without family.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|Battles are won, not with weapons, but with God. They are won where the way leads to the cross.
Yukio Mishima|Let me not anchor you to a bed of weary rocks, but let me be the kite’s string that guides you in your flight.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Revelations help us accept the things we need the most, expose the secrets we so desperately try to hide and illuminate the dangers all around us. But more than anything, revelations are windows into our true selves... of the good and the evil and those wavering somewhere in between. But they have the ultimate power to destroy all that we cherish most.
Alisa Harris, Raised Right: How I Untangled My Faith from Politics|We seek in one another the assurance that there is just one correct interpretation of the world, that everything is so simple that anybody can see it unless they're malicious or stupid or willfully ignorant; and we punish one another for proving with our differing conclusions that the truth is not that easy. We think we must suppress dissension to present the unified front we need to gain power over our enemies. But there are pro-life Democrats, pro-choice Christians, feminists who love their families, and conservatives who care about poor people.
Miguel de Unamuno|In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that He did not also limit his stupidity.
Nancy Reagan|One of the silliest lines ever said in a feature film came from Love Story  the 1970s hit  which immortalized the phrase  "Love means never having to say you're sorry." There are few people who would actually want to share a life with someone who held that concept near and dear.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|So each generation set out to find more of its kind, and within just a few cycles of birth and death, the Club had spread not only through space, but also time, propagating itself forwards into the twentieth century and back into the Middle Ages, the death of each member spreading the word of what it was to the very extremes of the times in which they lived.
Marcel Proust, Sodom and Gomorrah|After a certain age, and even if we develop in quite different ways, the more we become ourselves, the more our family traits are accentuated.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|The fish is my friend too...I have never seen or heard of such a fish. But I must kill him. I am glad we do not have to try to kill the stars. Imagine if each day a man must try to kill the moon, he thought. The moon runs away. But imagine if a man each day should have to try to kill the sun? We were born lucky; he thought
Denzel Washington|We don't make movies for critics. I've done four movies; there's millions upon millions upon millions of people who've paid to see them. Somebody likes them. My greatest joy is to sit anonymously in a dark theater and watch it with an audience, a paying audience.
Joshua Ferris, To Rise Again at a Decent Hour|Companies don't exist, and at the end of the day it is people make every decision in buisnesses. Human beings, not some feastious machine programmed solely for the improvement of efficiency and revenue generation. Companies are not machines. They are not dogs, as IGN bizarrely put it. They aren't even an entity. They are merely a banner to represent the activities of humans.
John Hersey, Fling and Other Stories|When the injustice is great enough, justice will lend me the strength needed to correct it. None may stand against it. It will shatter every barrier, sunder any shield, tear through any enchantment, and lend its servant the power to pass sentence. Know this: There is nothing on all the Planes that can stay the hand of justice when it is brought against them. It may unmake armies. It may sunder the thrones of gods. Know that for all who betray justice, I am their fate. And fate carries an executioner's axe.
Amanda Hocking, Hollowland|The early summer sky was the color of cat vomit. Of course, Tally thought, you’d have to feed your cat only salmon-flavored cat food for a while, to get the pinks right.
Khushwant Singh, Delhi|Night does not show things, it suggests them. It disturbes and surprises us with its strangeness. It liberates forces within us which are dominated by our reason during the daytime.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All philosophical and inquisitive men share doubts, experience dread, endure pain, and suffer loneliness. The thinking man accepts that the quest is as much a part of life’s adventure as the final destination. The journey we take is as critical to experiencing a meaningful existence as is our actual arrival at the sought after objective. Whether we successfully arrive at our sought after designation, is only part of the equation. The ultimate objective is not reaching some point on the faraway hills, but gaining self-knowledge and increasing self-awareness on the long trek through time.
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|No one has greater love than this, to lay down one’s life for one’s friends (John 15:13).
Sitting Bull|Liberals become indignant when you question their patriotism, but simultaneously work overtime to give terrorists a cushion for the next attack and laugh at dumb Americans who love their country and hate the enemy.
Donna Lynn Hope|I'd rather be befriended as an aimless lost soul than be befriended for adornment, gain or goal.
James W. Pennebaker, The Secret Life of Pronouns: What Our Words Say About Us|CHESS: THE GAME OF LIFEThe game of chess is one of man’s greatest creations.The rules might seem irrational to a novice, but they are actually the result of one thousand years of tinkering and refining.The game, as we know it today, has essentially been unchanged for the last five hundred years. It is perfectly designed to stretch the human mind to its furthest limits, but not beyond. The board is the perfect size, and the moves you can make have just the right amount of variety. Chess offers the alluring possibility of mastering the game through practice and study.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|I hear from afar the shouts of that false wisdom which is ever dragging us onwards, counting the present as nothing, and pursuing without pause a future which flies as we pursue, that false wisdom which removes us from our place and never brings us to any other.
Alin Sav|Every time before you speak, look in the mirror and be sure not to copy someone else.
Favel Parrett, When the Night Comes|Bo put a record on the stereo and the speakers crackled, that moment of anticipation before the needle found its way to the first song.An organ, in rhythm. A chord. “I Heard It Through the Grapevine.”Mum cheered. It was her favorite, the soundtrack to a movie called The Big Chill.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|The unqualified truth is, that when I loved Estella with the love of a man, I loved her simply because I found her irresistible. Once for all; I knew to my sorrow, often and often, if not always, that I loved her against reason, against promise, against peace, against hope, against happiness, against all discouragement that could be. Once for all; I love her none the less because I knew it, and it had no more influence in restraining me, than if I had devoutly believed her to be human perfection .
John Polkinghorne|If history and science have taught us anything, it is that passion and desire are not the same as truth.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Perfection is not something you strive for. Perfection is in the eyes of the beholder. Perfection is a state of grace, of peace of serenity, a moment as fleeting as a smile.
Spike Milligan|Knowledge of God's Word is a bulwark against deception, temptation, accusation, even persecution.
Sara Teasdale|If our hearts are ready for anything, we are touched by the beauty and poetry and mystery that fill our world.
Stephen C. Lundin|Imagine a place where everyone chooses to bring energy, passion, and a positive attitude every day.
Jermain Defoe|When The Daily Muse initially wanted to launch a job board, our first ideas were insanely (and needlessly) complex. We wanted to integrate with social networks, gather rich personal data to build predictive algorithms, and put together numerous cool visualization tools before launching out to the world. We were just sure users would love it!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|What we believe in our heart, we must declare with our mouth.
Abeer Allan|I suppose one has to be desperate, to be a successful writer. One has to reach a rock-bottom at which one can afford to let everything go hang. One has got to damn the public, chance one's living, say what one thinks, and be oneself. Then something may come out.
Michael Winner|The stupidest man I ever met had a favourite saying.It was:'What do you think I am, stupid, or something?
Courtney Milan, Unclaimed|All feminists are suffragists, but not all suffragists are feminists," as one feminist explained.
Bobby Scott|In fact, the confidence of the people is worth more than money.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|Technically, you cannot really own a book you bought; you can only own the sheets of paper your copy is printed on; unless, of course, you are the book’s publisher.
Jan-Andrew Henderson|A broken vessel cannot hold anything within itself, therefore only something supernatural can hold itself within a broken vessel.
Lev Yilmaz|In our recovery package we put new standards of accountability and transparency, which we hope will now apply.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Dearest Rogue|She stood, a little unsteadily, true, but on her own two feet. “It’s not my blindness that cripples me, it’s everyone else deciding I can’t live because of my blindness. If I stumble, if I run into things and fall and hurt myself it’s because I can and I’m free to do so, Maximus. Because without that freedom I’m just a dull, chained thing and I won’t be that woman anymore. I simply won’t, Maximus.
Steven Shaw|As students grow more and more accustomed to assuming materialism and naturalism in their academic work, the concept of creation by God gradually tends to become less real to them. It is not so much that any single finding undermines their faith; rather, the day-to-day practice of thinking in naturalistic terms about academic subjects makes it awkward to think differently when it comes to religion.
Hui-ssu|By concentration is meant to know that all dharmas (elements of existence), from the very beginning have no nature of their own. They neither come into nor go out of existence. Because they are caused by illusion and imagination, they exist without real existence. They are only the one mind, whose substance admits no differentiation. Those who hold this view can stop the flow of erroneous thought. This is called concentration. (pg. 398, from "A Source Book in Chinese Philosophy," translated and compiled by Wing Tsit-Chan)
Shannon L. Alder|I need to tell you a story, a tale of fate and emergence.
Elisabeth Elliot, A Chance to Die: The Life and Legacy of Amy Carmichael|Life is wasted if we do not grasp the glory of the cross, cherish it for the treasure that it is, and cleave to it as the highest price of every pleasure and the deepest comfort in every pain. What was once foolishness to us—a crucified God—must become our wisdom and our power and our only boast in this world.
Shannon Drake, Reckless|I am learning, and I believe I shall do quite well.
Jameson Fitzpatrick|and my pack so light I’m sure I’ve left something behind—but only my worry, and only for a moment.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|The fact that ghosts are real doesn't surprise me-I've always been a believer in that area. It's the realization that there may be something out there, something most can't see, that is able to kill.
Ansel Adams|When you photograph people in color, you photograph their clothes. But when you photograph people in Black and white, you photograph their souls!
Imran Bughio|Sooner or later suffering will find you, It's better you find it first.
Harsh Malik|How focused you are, defines the intensity of success you are going to get.
Clara deLemos|When life gives you a lemon, chuck it right back.... and add a few lemons of your own.
Whitney Wolfe|When you can look at failure and say, 'What is the worst case scenario,' it's not as bad as it seems.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|Does the work get easier once you know what you are doing?""Your lungs grow thick with stone dust and your eyes bleary from the sun and fragments thrown up by the chisel. You pour your lifeblood out into works of stone for Romans who will take your money in taxes to feed soldiers who will nail your people to crosses for wanting to be free. Your back breaks, your bones creak, your wife screeches at you, and your children torment you with open begging mouths, like greedy baby birds in the nest. You go to bed every night so tired and beaten that you pray to the Lord to send the angel of death to take you in your sleep so you don't have to face another morning. It also has its downside.
Chuck Klosterman|I’ve had the great pleasure of meeting Newt Gingrich and having a chat with the fellow on a staircase,” ex–Sex Pistols vocalist John Lydon once told Rolling Stone. “I found him completely dishonest and totally likable, because he doesn’t care.
Elie Wiesel|I love to shop after a bad relationship. I don't know. I buy a new outfit and it makes me feel better. It just does. Sometimes I see a really great outfit, I'll break up with someone on purpose.
Bob Filner|My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|No,” said Bran. “I haven’t. And if I have it doesn’t matter. Sometimes Old Nan would tell the same story she’d told before, but we never minded, if it was a good story. Old stories are like old friends, she used to say. You have to visit them from time to time.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner|A great sea fog is not homogenous--its density varies: it is honeycombed with streets, it has its caves of clear air, its cliffs of solid vapour, all shifting and changing place with the subtlety of legerdemain.
Chuck Palahniuk|Whether you like it or not, you're forced to come to the realisation that death is out there. But I don't fear death, I'm a fatalist. I believe when it's your time, that's it. It's the hand you're dealt.
Guillaume Faye, Why We Fight|What we strive to restore and re-animate will never come from the promises of the middle class politicians, but will come instead from the spirit of the last Delphic prophecy, which foresaw that, ‘One day Apollo will return and it will be forever’.
Martijn Benders|Let them run ahead. Then I’ll have good reason for shooting them down. Sharpeville? Attempting to escape. Attempting to escape from the prison of their lives. That’s the most dangerous crime. It brings about revolution. So, off we go, lads!
Helmut Jahn|It's my goal to make a building as immaterial as possible. Architecture is a very material thing. It takes a lot of resources, so why not eliminate what you don't need as long as you're able to achieve the same result?
Ranata Suzuki|They say the truth hurts. And these words hurt more than any I have ever written. But they are the truth – The cold, hard, undeniable truth.Not letting go doesn’t keep him with you.It’s still over. He’s still gone.… And nothing will ever change that.
J.R. Rim|It is less about becoming a better person, and more of being better, as a person.
Philip K. Dick, Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said|The bird is gone, and in what meadow does it now sing?
Steven Wright|I like to talk about lint and coasters, the expansion of the universe and maybe McDonald's. I'm completely turned off by the idea of politics.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|No, it's not sick. I wish I could be the one to hold you, though, I said. So hold me. Now. Right here.
Harvey MacKay|Even when change is elective, it will disorient you. You may go through anxiety. You will miss aspects of your former life. It doesn’t matter. The trick is to know in advance of making any big change that you’re going to be thrown off your feet by it. So you prepare for this inevitable disorientation and steady yourself to get through it. Then you take the challenge, make the change, and achieve your dream.
John Doerr|You talk to leadership in China, and THEY are all the engineers. They get what is going on immediately. The Americans don't because they're all lawyers.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Seek a secret, court danger.Bury a secret, avoid anger." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Matthew Thomas|When you end a chapter in your book of 'Wrong Men,' don't close the book of your love story, just turn the page.
Danika Stone, Intaglio: Dragons All The Way Down|I make wishes, but she says never be afraid to take chances.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We constantly pass up the rich and beautiful and ennobling experiences and seek out the tawdry, the cheap, and the degrading. These are the works of the devil, and they flourish on every side!
Edward Witten|If you didn't divide it up, carve things into categories, it was all one in the same anyway - waves and oceans, dawns and sunsets, noise and silence. Life was a single connected river that ran through mechanicals, people, animals, planets. Everything that ever was or would be, all mixed together in a soup of being; of shouting and jumping, moving and bumping. Echoes of the great creation.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Christians] are called to distinguish themselves as Christ followers, not community organizers.
Michael Bussa|Duntz asked Smith, 'Added up, how much money did you get from the Cutters?' 'Between forty and fifty dollars.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Wicked Intentions|It had been dark at the beach for hours, he hadn't been smoking much and it wasn't headlights – but before she turned away, he could swear he saw light falling on her face, the orange light just after sunset that catches a face turned to the west, watching the ocean for someone to come in on the last wave of the day, in to shore and safety.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Always guarding one's real, precious self in a cocoon of tranquility within a thousand masks.Life itself had become a secret affair.
Pope John Paul I, Illustrissimi: Letters from Pope John Paul I|Your patient has become humble; have you drawn his attention to the fact? All virtues are less formidable to us once the man is aware that he has them, but this is specially true of humility. Catch him at the moment when he is really poor in spirit and smuggle into his mind the gratifying reflection, 'By jove! I'm being humble!', and almost immediately pride—pride at his own humility—will appear. If he awakes to the danger and tries to smother this new form of pride, make him proud of his attempt—and so on, through as many stages a you please. But don't try this too long, for fear you may awake his sense of humour and proportion, in which case he will merely laugh at you and go to bed.
Andy Warhol|In the twentieth century, nowhere on Earth was sex so vigorously suppressed as in America---and nowhere else was there such a deep interest in it.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Growing up is, at heart, the process of learning to take responsibility for whatever happens in your life. To choose growth is to embrace a love that heals.
Barbara Kingsolve|Literature duplicates the experience of living in a way that nothing else can, drawing you so fully into another life that you temporarily forget you have one of your own. That is why you read it, and might even sit up in bed till early dawn, trowing your whole tomorrow out of whack, simply to find out what happens to some people who, you know perfectly well, are made up.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|If you build your faith with the limitations as the foundation, you tend to obstruct the realization of your goals easily.
Lionel Suggs|I am not a man of fear, but I am a man that knows how to fear. Without fear, we become lazy. Without fear, we become reckless. Fear doesn't limit a man, it keeps the man sharp.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|In part, that's because when we delay marriage, it's not just women who become independent. It's also men, who, like women, learn to clothe and feed themselves, to clean their homes iron their shirts and pack their own suitcases.
John Geddes|after life has broken you open, perhaps you may create art
Muhammad Ali|Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Quinn Loftis, Prince of Wolves|Listen carefully, Lucas Steele, because I will only say this once. I am NOT your mate, I will never be your mate, and if you ever put your hands on me again I will cut them off along with other body parts you might want to use one day. Got it?" Jacque told him with as much force as she could put behind her words.
Joseph Duda|Arkady looked at the other man. he felt that he was actually seeing him as a physical being for the first time.....He tried to imagine that body with Bella, with any woman, and found the idea...not repulsive exactly, but incomprehensible. How would it work exactly? And how would either of them, knowing nothing of their lover's body, needs and desires, ever be able to satisfy the other?
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|The gift of intuition may bless you with powerful symbols that convey feelings, energy and emotions beyond what words could ever express.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|It’s alright, Kitten,” Bones said. “He won’t shoot.”	Tate lowered his gun, even as the sudden dizziness from blood-loss made me sway.	Bones took my gun and casually handed it to Juan, who gapped at him in amazement. 	“You called her Kitten? And she let you? She put me in a coma for three days when I called her that. My balls never recovered from her smashing them into my spine.”	“And well she should have,” Bones agreed. “She’s mine. Kitten, and no one else’s.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I know it isn't right to put the blame easily on anyone. But, won't you feel sad if you know that those people are the reasons of your misery? Those people whom you never expected to be like this. But still, i hope that someday i will say "thanks to you i didn't get there so i can be as great and successful as i am right now
C. JoyBell C.|I cannot have a man who is afraid of everything, I don't have the time to soothe insecurities and fears, I cannot have a man who is standing on a stone by a creek, watching for the fish to swim by and every time he sees a fish he says "Oh look, this fish scares me, I wonder what this fish means, this fish might mean- this, or this fish might mean- that" for God's sake, they are just fish, and they don't mean anything! Such a sad thing, so many fine, strong men standing on top of little stones, pointing at fish all the time! Such a waste! Such a waste of time! I can only have a man who will leap into the water, not minding the damn fish and whatever other little things that scare him. I need to have someone who is braver than me; if I am a pirate, he has to be the pirate Captain, if I am a pirate Captain he has to be the flying dragon.
Maribel C. Pagan|I've learned through experience that faith moves mountains, hope moves choices, and, more importantly, that love moves you a step closer to God.
Robert Kennedy|Guard with jealous attention the public liberty. Suspect everyone who approaches that jewel. Unfortunately, nothing will preserve it but downright force. Whenever you give up that force, you are inevitably ruined.
Sesan Kareem|Faith is a powerful tool bestowed on all men by God. However, faith cannot be seen but it can be felt. It cannot be touched but it touches all things. Faith cannot be surmounted but it overcomes all challenges; fear, poverty, heartache, disappointments, pains, difficulties and trials disappear by faith.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|I see the gods—the names, images, stories—as the poetic encapsulation of our human experience, our relationship with the ineffable forces that shape human life. While this makes the gods no thing, it does not make them nothing. I see the gods as representing very real, powerful, even dangerous forces. I believe the gods are real. It doesn’t matter what we call them or don’t call them. They are real and dangerous, and we will contend with them. This for me is the message of the Bacchae. - M. J. Lee, "Being Human When Surrounded by Greek Gods
Kuribayashi Tadamichi|Foe unvanquished, I will not perish in the field; I will be born again to take up the halberd seven more times.
Duane Allman|When I play with my band around the U.S.A., the most requested song is 'Peace Frog.'
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Practice daily, because the quality of your practice determines the Caliber of your performance.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Shards of Honour|Barrayar is bred in my bones. I cannot shake it, no matter how far I travel. This struggle, God knows, has no honor in it. But exile, for no other motive than ease—that would be to give up all hope of honor. The last defeat, with no seed of future victory in it.
H. Raven Rose, Liquid Me: Poetry and Prose|Life luscious wet life bereft of death, loss of empty shell minus absent of nothing exploding star cell amoeba sweet algae oxygen, hydrogen flowering in the vacuum ofspace and magnetic motion.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|The most dangerous enemy is not the one who lingers behind you in the shadows, but the one who walks beside you as a friend.
Editorial Board of Approaching Hotel Designers, The Wisdom in Design. Approaching Hotel Designers|If you travel everywhere and find the same elements everywhere, somehow it reduces the value of the place (Curiosity, Tokyo, Japan)
Shannon L. Alder|Learning to let go is not giving up! It is simply passing the burden to a better fighter, so you can fight another day. (God)
Joel Osteen, Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential|Sometimes, in order to find happiness, one must allow some old bridges to collapse, in order to build better ones.
Madeline Hunter, Stealing Heaven|When there is not a single special person in your life, you have so many special things for saying, and when you have so many special people, you cannot even find one special word for them.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Women, when they kill themselves, choose far more romantic methods - like slashing their wrists or taking an overdose of sleeping pills.Abandoned princesses and Hollywood actresses have provided numerous examples of this.
Jim Gaffigan|They got cream puffs at the bakery but I bet yours will be better,” he noted. “As Americans often put sweetened whipped cream or vanilla pudding between the choux pastry, and we’ll be making crème patisserie, this is indeed a fact.” “What’s crème patisserie?” Ethan asked. “Proof there is a God,” I answered.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.
Harold Klemp, Spiritual Wisdom on Life after Death|It’s about freedom, joy, and wisdom. It’s all about divine love.
Terry Eagleton, Ideology: An Introduction|Sometimes, the only thing that stands in your way from moving on completely is one question. Sadly, it is the one question God asked another person to answer for you. Be the solution, not the problem.
Tommy Mottola|Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.
Walter Mosley, Debbie Doesn't Do It Anymore|It's like a door open at the side of the house and this cool breeze is blowing in over the back of my neck. The breeze is Death whispering and that door is open for me to go through anytime I want. And I want to go through. I want the confusion to stop--no, not only confusion but pain too.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|Domination and critique have always formed an apparatus covertly against a common hostis: the conspirator, who works under cover, who used everything THEY give him and everything THEY attribute to him as a mask. The conspirator is everywhere hated, although THEY will never hate him as much as he enjoys playing his game. No doubt a certain amount of what one usually calls “perversion” accounts for the pleasure, since what he enjoys, among other things, is his opacity. But that isn’t the reason THEY continue to push the conspirator to make himself a critic, to subjectivate himself as critic, nor the reason for the hate THEY so commonly express. The reason is quite simply the danger he represents. The danger, for Empire, is war machines: that one person, that people transform themselves into war machines, ORGANICALLY JOIN THEIR TASTE FOR LIFE AND THEIR TASTE FOR DESTRUCTION.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|I am grateful to those who have betrayed me… They thought they were just stabbing me in the back, but they were also cutting me free from their poisonous life.
R.A.Delmonico|If you zoom in far enough, the information is there but it contains no meaning. The meaning emerges as a collective principle of organization.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|She had large, questioning eyes that seemed to draw me in and a sense of quiet outrage that simmered just beneath the surface. More than anything, within her features, there was a streak of wild quirkiness that made her dazzlingly attractive.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|No past to make us sentimental, no future to embarrass us...a difficult moment when you are out of practice - a moment that makes you go cold, cold and wary.
Isaiyan Morrison, Kei. Family Matters|Immediately Chelsea latched onto her wrist and pulled Veronica’s hand toward the cup. “Nonsense.” Chelsea’s eyes narrowed in on Veronica. Her eyes turned black and her mouth opened slightly, revealing her fangs. “Now drink up, researcher. Don’t let a good drink go to waste.
Amy Poehler|Perhaps there is to be found in Pastrana the key to something which happens in Spain more frequently than is necessary. Past splendor overwhelms and in the end exhausts the people's will; and without force of will, as can be seen in so many cases, by being exclusively occupied with the contemplation of the glories of the past, they leave current problems unsolved. When the belly is empty and the mind filled with golden memories, the golden memories continually retreat and at last, though no one goes so far as to admit it, there is even doubt whether they ever existed and there is nothing left of them but a benevolent and useless cultural residue.
Lawrence Durrell, Justine|He who searches for evil, must first look at his own reflection.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|God is not ignoring your prayers, He is working behind the scene perfecting all that concerns you, praise Him.
James A. Michener, Return to Paradise|If you never understand my silence, you will never understand my words.
Israelmore Ayivor|The subsistence mentality of a person is a prison in which his personal joy is detained. If you want to live in joy, you don't live for yourself alone. Live for others too!
Paul Pierce|I have a wonderful shelter, which is my family. I have a wonderful relationship with my brother and sister; this makes me feel that I know always where I belong.
Farrah Naseem|The lines of fate on my hand, once so bright, faded into echo.The memory of his face in my dreams, once so luminous passed into shadow.
Laura Burks, Altered|I don't regret any of the decisions I've made in my life because with every choice I make, I learn something new.
Brianna Wiest|For somewhere," said Poirot to himself, indulging in an absolute riot of mixed metaphors, "there is in the hay a needle, and among the sleeping dogs there is one on whom I shall put my foot, and by shooting the arrows into the air, one will come down and hit a glass house!
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|Do little things every day that no one else seems to want to do, be patient, and success will find you.
Daniel Younger, Delirious|There are a dozen St. George soldiers hiding in that maze,” my trainer said. “All hunting you. All looking to kill you. Welcone to Phase Two of your training, hatchling.
Richard   Preston|The algebraic sum of all the transformations occurring in a cyclical process can only be positive, or, as an extreme case, equal to no
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Let these words be your guide; money or no money, houses or no houses, cars or no cars, never turn down the divine assignment of God for your life. Become an inspiration to another life through good service and healthy relationship.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you keep doing only the things you can handle, you will not be able to push the borders of impossibilities! Try to do the things which are beyond your powers; change your frontiers, create new ones! And then attack the new frontiers!
SoyLaAzu|If you see oppression, violence, injustice and evil deeds, unzip your silence and uncaring indifference, do something and act against all these unethical instances." ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my novel, If I Could Tell You
Dale Carnegie, The Art of Public Speaking|Mithorden: 'He was brilliant, yes, but ready to laugh at himself when he made mistakes. You may not believe it, but he made mistakes often.'Luthiel: 'Why?' She choked around her tears.Mithorden: 'Because he tried to do great things. Anyone can succeed at easy things. But the things Valkire tried were very difficult. He wanted to make things better for people of all races -- for he saw the good in them.
C.S. Lewis|Chaos is what we've lost touch with. This is why it is given a bad name. It is feared by the dominant archetype of our world, which is Ego, which clenches because its existence is defined in terms of control.
Xinran|Memories are weird. They never really leave you alone, no matter how much you try, and the funny part is--the more you try, the more they haunt you. The more you want to run away, the faster they seem to catch up, and then there comes a time when you are convinced that you have finally managed to leave them behind and move on. You rejoice. You celebrate. You have exorcised the ghosts of the past--you feel liberated, UNTIL one fine day, some old memory creeps up slowly from behind and taps you on your shoulder just to say "Hi. How’s it going so far?". That is when everything comes rushing in, and you realize that maybe, just maybe, it had never really gone away.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|To label someone as selfless is symptomatic of having bought the preposterous claim that a human being can have great concern for other human beings and little concern for themselves, or that, when taken to extremes, a human being can have great concern for other human beings and absolutely no concern for themselves.
Olga Núñez Miret, Memory|Emily supposed the modern world was fortunate in the progress of science. But she could not help but feel at this moment the impropriety of male invasiveness. She knew he was working to save this poor woman, but in her mind, too, was a sense of Wrede's science as adding to the abuse committed by his fellow soldiers. He said not a word. It was as if the girl were no more than the surgical challenge she offered.
Rebecca Harris|There are some who would vow that life isn’t fair. They believe the worst is yet to come, that evil will always conquer good, and that we have no control over our fate. It’s true, there are storms that shake our foundations and monsters that threaten to tear us limb from limb. We will make terrible mistakes. We will fall short of our expectations. No one is exempt from pain and fear. But life, and what comes after, is a beautiful mixture of darkness and light, sacrifice and salvation. There is no fine line between the two, for both are needed. Where there is grief, there will be joy. Where there is heartbreak, love will follow.
James     Baldwin|And for a moment I though I would tell her, that it would be the easiest and the slightest thing imaginable- that after all, if anyone would understand it, she would. That I need only say, 'I am in love, Helen! I am in love! There is a girl so rare and marvelous and strange, and- Helen, she has all my life in her!
Paul Beatty, The Sellout|Black skin was filled with so many barriers, so many restrictions, so many.
Eugen Herrigel, Zen in the Art of Archery|...the preparations for working put him simultaneously in the right frame of mind for creating... that collectedness and presence of mind...the right frame of mind for the artist is only reached when the preparing and the creating, the technical and the artistic, the material and the spiritual, the project and the object, flow together without a break.
Feist|I have to be asked, I guess, but I love the idea of marriage. I think it's beautiful. I'm such a romantic, and I always have been.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When you’re being celebrated and flying high, don’t allow fanatics (fans) to elevate you so far out that you forget whose sky it is.
Dada Bhagwan|Knowledge’ may be there but ‘correctness’ is required along with it. If you have ‘knowledge’ but don’t have the ‘correctness’; you will go to moksha, but others will not gain any benefit!
Will Self|When the early Europeans first met Africans, at the crossroads of history, it was a respectful meeting and the Africans were not slaves. Their nations were old before Europe was born.
Gary   Hopkins|The road to spiritual enlightenment is an individual experience. The spiritual leader, guru, master or teacher is only a portion of that journey. Eventually, one must “leave the nest” so that they are not limited by the master/student relationship. True advancement begins when the student gains confidence as a practitioner of self-awareness. This can only be done without the constraints of another’s journey, such as the master or teacher.
Richard Calland|I thought I was getting away from politics for a while. But I now realise that the vuvuzela is to these World Cup blogs what Julius Malema is to my politics columns: a noisy, but sadly unavoidable irritant. With both Malema and the vuvuzela, their importance is far overstated. Malema: South Africa's Robert Mugabe? I think not. The vuvuzela: an archetypal symbol of 'African culture?' For African civilisation's sake, I seriously hope not.Both are getting far too much airtime than they deserve. Both have thrust themselves on to the world stage through a combination of hot air and raucous bluster. Both amuse and enervate in roughly equal measure. And both are equally harmless in and of themselves — though in Malema's case, it is the political tendency that he represents, and the right-wing interests that lie behind his diatribes that is dangerous. With the vuvu I doubt if there are such nefarious interests behind the scenes; it may upset the delicate ears of the middle classes, both here and at the BBC, but I suspect that South Africa's democracy will not be imperilled by a mass-produced plastic horn.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want to give a message to the world, let it be simple, as simple as the life of a shepherd!
Debasish Mridha|Music is the language of the soul, the voice of the heart, and a message from the eternity.
Anthony T. Hincks|As a method however, the *method of ontology* is nothing but the sequence of the steps involved in the approach to Being as such and the elaboration of its structures. We call this method of ontology *phenomenology*. In more precise language, phenomenological investigation is explicit effort applied to the method of ontology. However, such endeavors, their success or failure, depend primarily, in accordance with our discussion, on how far phenomenology has assured for itself the object of philosophy―how far, in accordance with its own principle, it is unbiased enough in the face of what the things themselves demand. We cannot now enter any further into the essential and fundamental constituent parts of this method. In fact, we have applied it constantly. What we would have to do would be merely to go over the course already pursued, but now with explicit reflection on it. But what is most essential is first of all to have traversed the whole path once, so as, for one thing, to learn to wonder scientifically about the mystery of things and, for another, to banish all illusions, which settle down and nest with particular stubbornness precisely in philosophy.There is no such thing as *the one* phenomenology, and if there could be such a thing it would never become anything like a philosophical technique. For implicit in the essential nature of all genuine method as a path toward the disclosure of objects is the tendency to order itself always toward that which it itself discloses. When a method is genuine and provides access to the objects, it is precisely then that the progress made by following it and the growing originality of the disclosure will cause the very method that was used to become necessarily obsolete. The only thing that is truly new in science and in philosophy is the genuine questioning and struggle with things which is at the service of this questioning." ―from_The Basic Problems of Phenomenology_
Sunday Adelaja|Earth is a flower in the Garden of Cosmos! And therefore, a flower on Earth is a flower within the flower!
Joe Rogan|In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way.
John   Kramer, Blythe|A Mother Has the Best of all Smiles; She is a Wonderful Friend, Lover & Adviser.
Eraldo Banovac|The fucking problem of all and everything is that I just forgot,... the message.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!
Ratish Edwards|If you can see through my eyes, you may see the real beauty I see in poor people, in old age homes, unprivileged children, abandoned houses, empty streets, broken dreams unfulfilled expectations. You can see the new life struggling beneath our comfortable lives.
Brandon Sanderson, The Bands of Mourning|Marryin' is the one thing people seem to get worse at the more they do it. Well, that and bein' alive.
Flavia Weedn|Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some people move our souls to dance. They awaken us to a new understanding with the passing whisper of their wisdom. Some people make the sky more beautiful to gaze upon. They stay in our lives for awhile, leave footprints on our hearts, and we are never, ever the same.
Chris Bohjalian, The Light in the Ruins|During the war, I promised the dead I would never forget them. I stared at them, barely able to move myself. Pretended I was one of them. To this day I can recall the light in the ruins.
Ashly Lorenzana|I think it's better to be comfortable in your skin than to be miserable being who you are. Sure, the meth is horrible. It ruins people from the inside out. It's a waiting game --- it's not a matter of if it destroys you, but rather a matter of when it will. I've made it this far. I'm not sending a message that it's "cool" to be on drugs and tell everyone about it. I don't sum myself up as a drug addict and a hooker. That's not what I am. Those are juts things I do, they don't define me. Jobs and addictions do not make us who we are.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|You don't have to do this.""I think I do," Julian said. "I remember making a vow to that affect.""Whither thou goest, i will go, whatever stupid thing you do, i shall do also'." Emma said. "Was that the vow?
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|A worthy life means showing up when showing up is the only thing to do. Goodness bears itself out in millions of ordinary ways across the globe, for the rich and poor, the famous and unknown, in enormous measures and tiny, holy moments. It may involve a career and it may not. It may include traditional components and it may not.
Charles Bukowski, Tales of Ordinary Madness|Never give importance to anyone more than yourself, because once that person becomes important, you become nothing....
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|There was a danger in asking too much of a child, but the danger of asking too little was almost equal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you find your sacred soul mate, bind the love bond.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|We have to lie to ourselves to live. Otherwise, we'd go crazy.
Bo Bennett|While we are focusing on fear, worry, or hate, it is not possible for us to be experiencing happiness, enthusiasm or love.
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|Unlike Kim Cardassian or Donald Trump, Montaigne regarded the inward glance as an adventure in self-effacement not self infatuation. He was a charming and perceptive critic of his own foibles, especially alert to his weakness for inconsistency.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|They waited and watched, while the clocks seemed to resist time.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|I couldn’t help but think about school and everything else ending. I liked standing just outside the couches and watching them—it was a kind of sad I didn’t mind, and so I just listened, letting all the happiness and the sadness of this ending swirl around in me, each sharpening the other. For the longest time, it felt kind of like my chest was cracking open, but not precisely in an unpleasant way.
Evans Biya|when you're feeling emotional, remember:there is no sad, sad comes from feeling too happy. there is no happy, happiness comes from feeling extreme sadness. when they say that you have an equal amount of suffering and joy in the world, that is a lie. your extreme suffering makes any slight thing seem amazing, and your happiness makes you suffer at any slightly worse thing.
Sophie Jordan, One Night With You|Oh! my dearest love, why are our pleasures so short and so interrupted? How long is this to last?Know you, my best Mary, that I feel myself, in your absence, almost degraded to the level of the vulgar and impure. I feel their vacant, stiff eyeballs fixed upon me, until I seem to have been infected with their loathsome meaning--to inhale a sickness that subdues me to languor. Oh! those redeeming eyes of Mary, that they might beam upon me before I sleep! Praise my forbearance--oh! beloved one--that I do not rashly fly to you, and at least secure a moment's bliss. Wherefore should I delay; do you not long to meet me? All that is exalted and buoyant in my nature urges me towards you, reproaches me with the cold delay, laughs at all fear and spurns to dream of prudence. Why am I not with you?
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Your face when you came back from diving that time told me everything; there is a hunger in you, Clark. A fearlessness. You just buried it, like most people do.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|He started to estrange her... And they became strangers Who knew each other's heart, So broken as they drifted apart.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons and an Unlikely Road to Manhood|This was the great difference between disappointing him and disappointing somebody like my mother, or even my aunts. Masculine self-centeredness made him restful to be with.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|If the living are haunted by the dead, then the dead are haunted by their own mistakes.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|Computers can not dream, they can not visualize – That is your part and that’s how you create, innovate and make difference.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Still round the corner there may wait A new road or a secret gateAnd though I oft have passed them by A day will come at last when IShall take the hidden paths that run West of the Moon, East of the Sun.
Duckman (Jason Alexander)|If God wanted us to use the metric system, He would have given us ten fingers and ten toes.
Gary Snyder, Practice of the Wild|The other side of the "sacred" is the sight of your beloved in the underworld, dripping with maggots.
