Darryl Steven Markowitz, The Dead Forest|It seemed that for every evil they defeated, worse took its place, but Vaughn banished the thought that this all might be a cruel game, a hoax played on the… ''No! I know what true Goodness, true Life, true Love is. Besides, this is too miserable to be a game…unless demons…NO! Besides, even if I was some kind of pawn, well, then this game piece would rebel!
Heather Heffner, The Tribe of Ishmael|I’d like to sit there,” I said softly to the girl sitting in front of the other mirror. She scampered. I took over her abandoned make-up and painted my face. Red cheeks, to attract hungry vampyre glances. Black liquid eyeliner and mascara, to draw attention away from my bitter eyes. My silky-thin, raven hair, undone in waves over my bare shoulders. The magenta shade of apple gloss on my lips, to make them plump and inviting. Finally, a strapless golden dress that hugged my hips and not much lower. I stood up, feeling the cold air slide down the bare skin of my back like fingers, and panicked. I couldn’t wear something like this! Not without a cardigan! A light dress jacket, at least!I took a gulp of Amrit’s wine and detached myself from the fretting child in my head. Then I strode from the sleeping chambers.
Auliq Ice|You'll earn more money doing something you love, rather than just doing something because it pays you a high salary.
Judith C. Waller, Radio: The Fifth Estate|It looks as if British democracy died a few years ago, and nobody noticed.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|She imagines him imagining her. This is her salvation.In spirit she walks the city, traces its labyrinths, its dingy mazes: each assignation, each rendezvous, each door and stair and bed. What he said, what she said, what they did, what they did then. Even the times they argued, fought, parted, agonized, rejoined. How they’d loved to cut themselves on each other, taste their own blood. We were ruinous together, she thinks. But how else can we live, these days, except in the midst of ruin?
Mary Baker Eddy|I do all I can to maintain good health. I eat mostly plants, as Michael Pollan would say. I get a lot of exercise. I lead a purposeful daily life. I stay current with the dentist. I made the formative decision of where to live over thirty years ago when I settled in a 'main street' small town in upstate New York.
Peggy Sealfon, Escape from Anxiety: Supercharge Your Life with Powerful Strategies from A to Z|Live is like a river in which you merge. When you struggle against the current, you suffer. When you flow with the current in a smooth and fluid experience, life becomes effortless and joyful.
Billy Graham|I think you need to go through some stuff to really appreciate life and understand what it means to persevere, overcome and have faith. I think those tough times make you a stronger person.
Hwang Sok-yong, The Guest|I think, actually I know that it's overwhelmingly possible for men to conduct such atrocities as to kill a man in cold blood, to burn towns and to parade with the the dead on the tips of their swords. People who think they are doing something for the good of all are the most dangerous and stirs their intent deeper. There might have been a time when I thought differently and I would have answered with a quick no but that time had long passed. Do I think it's in human nature to be violent and to succumb to it? Sure I do. It's to justify it, that I think is inhuman.
Lalah Delia|A new mind, equals a new life.
Timothy J. Keller, Encounters with Jesus: Unexpected Answers to Life's Biggest Questions|Disclosing one's "deep, dark secrets" makes them no less deep or dark or secret than any other petty flaw.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Fear is the number one reason why people do not take action. The divine irony is that most of the fears we experience are self-generated and born out of our own imaginings, hence the acronym False Evidence Appearing Real.
Bertrand Russell|The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf.
Ally Carter, I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You|I think it's kinda nice.' And I did. my mom isn't famous for her pies. No, she's famous for defusing a nuclear device in Brussels with only a pair of cuticle scissors and a ponytail holder. Somehow, at the moment, pies seemed cooler.
Talib Kweli|Religion can be the enemy of God. It's often what happens when God, like Elvis, has left the building.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|I had a dove and the sweet dove died; And I have thought it died of grieving: O, what could it grieve for? Its feet were tied, With a silken thread of my own hand's weaving.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Individuals who want to believe that there is no fulfillment in love, that true love does not exist, cling to these assumptions because this despair is actually easier to face than the reality that love is a real fact of life but is absent from their lives.
Ron Suskind, A Hope in the Unseen: An American Odyssey from the Inner City to the Ivy League|His Kingship, precisely because it is so broad, so total, is doomed to be rejected by anybody who is still into tribalism, or small belonging systems. We don't really like the big Kingdom if it gets in the way of our smaller kingdoms, and it always does.
Faith Brashear|Do not limit your Sacred Space to the literal, such as a small room or office. Allow this energy to flow from deep within, so that every where you go, no matter what the circumstance, you will always be immersed in the divine
Alice Walker|Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter. I'm not sure a bad person can write a good book. If art doesn't make us better, then what on earth is it for.
Kevin Wilson|Driving will never be away from me - I can't just give it up. It's all I've ever done, and there's something about being in that car.
Steen Langstrup, The Informer|In fact, until the last moments of his life, until the last seconds as he gasped for breath, he never realised how much he wanted to live. But, at that point, death was inevitable and nothing that had happened could be changed.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Even among the ugliness of evil that resonated throughout the green hills and flowering landscape, Northbrook was simply breathtaking to those who took the time to appreciate it.
Charles Caleb Colton|The idea that skiing might not be fun, might not be for everyone, had never occurred to me. Where I come from, the sport signified pleasure, nature, family happiness.
Nikki Rowe|It was a perfect spring day. The air was sweet and gentle and the sky stretched high, an intense blue. Harold was certain that the last time he had peered through the net drapes of Fossebridge Road (his home), the trees and hedges were dark bones and spindles against the skyline; yet now that he was out, and on his feet, it was as if everywhere he looked, the fields, gardens, trees, and hedgerows and exploded with growth. A canopy of sticky young leaves clung to the branches above him. There were startling yellow clouds of forsythia, trails of purple aubrietia; a young willow shook in a fountain of silver. The first of the potato shoots fingered through the soil, and already tiny buds hung from the gooseberry and currant shrubs like the earrings Maureen used to wear. The abundance of new life was enough to make him giddy.
Kate DiCamillo|If you want to be a writer, write a little bit every day. Pay attention to the world around you. Stories are hiding, waiting everywhere. You just have to open your eyes and your heart.
Freddie Mercury|What will I be doing in twenty years' time? I'll be dead, darling! Are you crazy?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If there is anything in life to worry about at all, it’s your wasted yesterday. Unfortunately, before you worry about it, you have to waste today doing so. Never worry!
Ruth A. Lanius, The Impact of Early Life Trauma on Health and Disease: The Hidden Epidemic|Amnesia, which is a loss of memory, is a symptom of many different trauma and/or dissociative disorders, including PTSD, Dissociative Fugue, Dissociative Disorder Not Otherwise Specified and Dissociative Identity Disorder. Amnesia can affect both implicit and explicit memory.
William Shakespeare, Richard III|Hither came Conan, the Cimmerian, black-haired, sullen-eyed, sword in hand, a thief, a reaver, a slayer, with gigantic melancholies and gigantic mirth, to tread the jeweled thrones of the Earth under his sandaled feet.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|But forever was a useless term, relevant only for the dead.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The notion of loving oneself has gotten an undeservedly bad rap, which goes something like this: self-love is narcissistic, selfish, self-indulgent, the supreme delusion of a runaway ego looking out for “number one.” In fact, just the opposite is true.
Sylvester Stallone|Pittsburgh felt like the perfect size of a city to me. There's enough to do, but it's not like living in a circus. I also really loved how sports-enthusiastic Pittsburgh people are: how proud of their sports they are.
Abraham Lincoln|An entire nation, it seemed, was standing in one long breadline, desperate for even the barest essentials. It was a crisis of monumental proportions. It was known as the Great Depression.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|Many people close themselves off from the world when they are under pressure. That is understandable. I have gone through periods when I didn’t want to meet people because I didn’t feel good about my situation in life and that made my life even more stressful. Remind yourself often about how much of an impact compassion and friendship can have on your life. You need to get out there, be compassionate and share your time and your life with your friends and other people that need your support. It’s worth it on every level.
Dylan  Landis, Rainey Royal|Her mother said, Every morning I go up on the roof at six o'clock and pray for twenty minutes. It keeps me from coming apart. Her mother said, Coming apart, coming apart--it's just a crazy thing I feel.
Marlena de Blasi, A Thousand Days in Tuscany: A Bittersweet Adventure|They all know the truth, that there are only three subjects worth talking about. At least here in these parts," he says, "The weather, which, as they're farmers, affects everything else. Dying and birthing, of both people and animals. And what we eat - this last item comprising what we ate the day before and what we're planning to eat tomorrow. And all three of these major subjects encompass, in one way or another, philosophy, psychology, sociology, anthropology, the physical sciences, history, art, literature, and religion. We get around to sparring about all that counts in life but we usually do it while we're talking about food, it being a subject inseparable from every other subject. It's the table and the bed that count in life. And everything else we do, we do so we can get back to the table, back to the bed.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|What was up with class today? It was watered-down porn. He practically had you and Patch on top of your lab table, horizontal, minus your clothes, doing the Big Deed.
Aleksandra Layland, Of Wisdom and Valor: The Art of War. The Path of Peace.|A true leader inspires by being among the people, not above them.
Jessamyn West|I've given it my all. I've done my best. Now, I'm ready with my family to begin the next phase of our lives.
Bill Watterson, It's a Magical World: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|In the short term, it would make me happy to go play outside. In the long term, it would make me happier to do well at school and become successful. But in the VERY long term, I know which will make better memories.
Christopher Lasch|I like to post positive content, and I like to try and make people smile. That's why those videos are popular. I don't fake it.
Ellen Jean Barrier|No, I won't be hopeless. I am full of hope. I'm a HopeFUL. ~ Evie Snow
Kentetsu Takamori, Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path|Some nonreligious people are disgruntled by the word "faith," feeling that it has no connection to them. But we all have faith. Broadly speaking, "faith" does not apply only to belief in the supernatural. We have faith in our life, for example, believing we will live to see tomorrow, or in our health, believing we have years of healthy life ahead of us. Husbands and wives, parents and children have faith in one another.
Elliot Richardson|In Scotland over many years we have cultivated through our justice system what I hope can be described as a 'culture of compassion.' On the other hand, there still exists in many parts of the U.S., if not nationally, an attitude towards the concept of justice which can only be described as a 'culture of vengeance.'
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Searching for a mentor is similar to searching for a spouse: you two need to share common values, concerns, experiences, communication style, and, of course, have time to invest into meaningful conversations with one another.
Frederick Engels|If people who were actually born had to prove they were worthy enough to live in America, this would be a much less populated country.
Sarah MacLean, A Rogue by Any Other Name|God will reward you,' he said. 'You must be an angel since you care for flowers.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|By my soul I swear, there is no power in the tongue of man to alter me.
Margaret Thatcher|If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing." ~ Margaret Thatcher
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|Do not cry,” she said fiercely, but her own tears flowed. “Do not cry, Finnikin. For if we begin, our tears will never end.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|The trouble is that we have a bad habit, encouraged by pedants and sophisticates, of considering happiness as something rather stupid. Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. This is the treason of the artist; a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain.
Pablo Neruda, The Poetry of Pablo Neruda|I think the tingles are important. They are real, and I am in favor of their survival. But they are not the basis for a satisfactory marriage. I am not suggesting that on should marry without the tingles. Those warm, excited feelings, the chill bumps, that sense of acceptance, the excitement of the touch that make up the tingles serve as the cherry on top of the sundae. But you cannot have a sundae with only the cherry.
Ally Condie, Matched|I can trust in my parents' love. And it strikes me that is a big thing to trust, a big thing to have had, no matter what else happens.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Take|How did you do it?" I brought the teacup to my mouth for another sip. "How did you guide Sophie's soul? I thought you were a reaper.""He's both," Nash said from behind me, and I turned just as he followed my father through the front door, pulling his long sleeves down one at a time. He and my dad had just loaded Aunt Val's white silk couch into the back of my uncle's truck, so he wouldn't have to deal with the bloodstains when he and Sohie got back from the hospital. "Tod is very talented."Tod brushed the curl back from his face and scowled.Harmony spoke up from the kitchen as the oven door squealed open. "Both my boys are talented.""Both?" I repeated, sure I'd heard her wrong.Nash sighed and slid onto the chair his mother had vacated, then gestured toward the reaper with one hand. "Kaylee, meet my brother, Tod.
William Shakespeare|I am not the best :( but try to understand, this world is samll to swallow my thoughts :') , you let me free and find my world :'D
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|We are not subjects of an autocratic King, but are citizens of the country contributing to the advancement of our people who pay taxes out of their hard earned income.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|The Light Fae had sacrificed so much for the Kings. She had been a true friend and ally to them in the past, but she was changing rapidly. Balladyn was chasing her, and it now appeared that Ulrik was as well. If her King didn't step up and set things right, Rhi would be lost to them forever.
Darren White, Memes of Loss and Devotion|Living as an entity under a filled with stars sky and seeking for intuition, a voice whispers from your heart, for soul is unchained from whatever pulls it down, while what she is craving for is but only Ascension towards Divine ”.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Mr. Edwards admired the well-built, pleasant house and heartily enjoyed the good dinner. But he said he was going on West with the train when it pulled out. Pa could not persuade him to stay longer."I'm aiming to go far West in the spring," he said. "This here, country, it's too settled up for me. The politicians are a-swarming in already, and ma'am if'n there's any worse pest than grasshoppers it surely is politicians. Why, they'll tax the lining out'n a man's pockets to keep up these here county-seat towns...""Feller come along and taxed me last summer. Told me I got to put in every last thing I had. So I put in Tom and Jerry, my horses, at fifty dollars apiece, and my oxen yoke, Buck and Bright, I put in at fifty, and my cow at thirty five.'Is that all you got?' he says. Well I told him I'd put in five children I reckoned was worth a dollar apiece.'Is that all?' he says. 'How about your wife?' he says.'By Mighty!' I says to him. 'She says I don't own her and I don't aim to pay no taxes on her,' I says. And I didn't.
Sunday Adelaja|God punishes people, who belittle Him with their complaints
Malin Akerman|I will never, ever go on a carb-free diet.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|And what god do you serve, then?”“Whichever will grant me good fortune.” “I don’t think gods work that way.” “I don’t think I care.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|I’ve had many enemies over the years. If there’s one thing I’ve learned, it’s never engage in a fight you’re sure to lose. On the other hand, never let anyone who has insulted you get away with it. Bide your time and strike back when you’re in a position of strength—even if you no longer need to strike back.
Scott Westerfeld, Goliath|Do you love him?”Deryn swallowed, then pointed at the screen. “He makes me feel like that. Like flying.”“Then, you have to tell him.”“I told you, I kissed him!”“It’s hardly the same. I kissed you, after all. That wasn’t love, Mr. Sharp.”“Aye, and what exactly was it?”“Curiosity.” Lilit smiled. “And as I said, you’re quite a dashing boy.”“But I’m pretty sure Alek doesn’t want a dashing boy!”“You can’t be sure until you ask.”Deryn shook her head. “You were raised to throw bombs. I wasn’t.”“Were you raised to wear trousers and be a soldier?
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|After people pray and receive as they want, they may easily perceive it as the fulfillment.Another may see that as a mere coincidence.As for me, universe keeps doing something that causes some of all creation will start praying for it.
C. JoyBell C.|In every single scenario that you step into, in life, it is like stepping into a body of water and you need to stop and really stand there to feel what's going on in that water— the temperature, the direction of the current, the particles in the water that brush up onto your skin, you need to close your eyes and inhale deeply to distinguish the scents that come from it. I have always done this, since I was a small girl, being aware of and feeling every atom that's in there. I'm a Water Bender. I bend the water; the water does not bend me.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|Some people are so positive, that when they slip in dog poop, they pirouette
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Who would be willing to put up with less than the desired result, if they could afford to have it done properly?
Alex Turner|I do not like to work with patients who are in love. Perhaps it is because of envy - I, too, crave enchantment. Perhaps it is because love and psychotherapy are fundamentally incompatible. The good therapist fights darkness and seeks illumination, while romantic love is sustained by mystery and crumbles upon inspection.
Shaul Tchernichovsky|Laugh, laugh at all my dreams!What I dream shall yet come true!Laugh at my belief in man,At my belief in you.Freedom still my soul demands,Unbartered for a calf of gold.For still I do believe in man,And in his spirit, strong and bold.And in the future I still believeThough it be distant, come it willWhen nations shall each other bless,And peace at last the earth shall fill.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Water drops erode mountains not because of their size, but their persistence.
Guy Spier|So the news that divorced fathers are to be denied a legal right to a relationship with their children, in the long overdue review of family law published this week, fills me with horror and despair.
Lewis Black|Shopmas now begins on Thanksgiving Day. Apparently, escaping the families you cannot stand to spend another minute with on Thanksgiving Day to go buy them gifts is how some Americans show their affection for one another. Weird.
Nina G. Jones|The smell of tobacco usually reminded Mirabelle of being a child – coming downstairs in the morning when the dinner party her parents had hosted the night before was cleared away, but the scent of cigars still lingered.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|I'm under strict instructions to write a happy ending. Rule number ninety-seven: You're not allowed to make a dragon cry.""Right," Said Sophie, starting the engine. "Tears might quench their fire.
James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|...all the fears with which I had grown up, and which were now a part of me and controlled my vision of the world, rose up like a wall between the world and me...
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Synchronicity, it is like a collaboration with fate. All of that becomes the norm when the EGO (edge God out) is no longer the driving force in your life.
Domingo Martinez, Boy Kings of Texas: A Memoir|Do you know what dead skin looks like when they take off a cast?That was my life, all that dead skin. It was strange to feel like the Ari I used to be. Except that wasn’t totally true. The Ari I used to be didn’t exist anymore. And the Ari I was becoming? He didn’t exist yet.
Rick Warren|God is looking for people to use, and if you can get usable, he will wear you out. The most dangerous prayer you can pray is this: 'Use me.
James Purdy, Cabot Wright Begins|They fuck you up, your mum and dad? No, that wasn't it at all. Well, they did do that, perhaps, but they also allowed you to become the person, and the writer, that you had it in you to be.
Vironika Tugaleva|Yes, it’s okay to be afraid. It’s okay to hesitate before plunging from your comfort zone.It’s okay to have scars, pimples, insecurities, moles, cellulite, tremors, debts, redness, regrets, loneliness and uncertainty.It’s okay to have no idea what you’re doing.It’s okay to struggle with some things, while enjoying others. It’s okay to find joy in the beauty in life, even after a great loss. It’s okay to change. It’s okay to move on. And it’s okay to fear changing and moving on.Wherever you are, and whatever you are experiencing, is okay. You didn’t invent the universe and you didn’t invent the human condition.You don’t need permission to live whatever you’re living, even if it looks and feels different from anyone else’s life around you. And it’s okay to feel like you need that permission anyway.
Stevie Nicks|Little girls think it's necessary to put all their business on MySpace and Facebook, and I think it's a shame...I'm all about mystery.
Emily Thorne|Power...Born out of nature, Coveted by men; Wars rage on, And victors are crowned. But true power can never be lost or won. True power comes from within.
Marilyn Monroe|After a really hectic week, I hate going out on a Friday evening, so I'll always opt for a night at home.
Debasish Mridha|Desire is the key to motivation, but determination, commitment, and actions are the keys to success.
Kieran Scott, He's So Not Worth It|As I walked inside, she turned around and headed for the end of the bed. Then she paused and turned to face me. She was wearing her Orchard Hill basketball T-shirt and sweatpants and she looked tired, but beautiful.
Graham Greene|I thought I am kissing pain and pain belongs to You as happiness never does. I love You in Your pain. I could almost taste metal and salt in the skin, and I thought, How good you are. You might have killed us with happiness, but You let us be with You in pain.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|The other night we talked about literature's elimination of the unessential, so that we are given a concentrated "dose" of life. I said, almost indignantly, "That's the danger of it, it prepares you to live, but at the same time, it exposes you to disappointments because it gives a heightened concept of living, it leaves out the dull or stagnant moments. You, in your books, also have a heightened rhythm, and a sequence of events so packed with excitement that I expected all your life to be delirious, intoxicated."Literature is an exaggeration, a dramatization, and those who are nourished on it (as I was) are in great danger of trying to approximate an impossible rhythm. Trying to live up to Dostoevskian scenes every day. And between writers there is a straining after extravagance. We incite each other to jazz-up our rhythm.
Jacob Nordby|Come, come into this circle of grace and friendship.Come bringing only your open heart.You owe us nothing but truth, you need no heavy armor here.Show us your beautiful scars, the evidence of adventures you’ve survived.Tell your stories from the road.This space is home.You are safe to come as you are without fear.
Summer Lane, State of Hope|This is a kiss worthy of a blood-soaked battlefield, a kiss born out of tragedy and misery and death and loss. A kiss that has been long in the making, one that I have strenuously avoided, and he has tortuously waited for.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|..I was raised on the Torah, my wife on the Qu'Ran, my eldest son is an Atheist, my youngest is a scientologist, my daughter is studying Hinduism, I imagine there is room there for a holy war in my living room, but we practice live and let live.
Che Guevara|I was a queen, and you took away my crown; a wife, and you killed my husband; a mother, and you deprived me of my children. My blood alone remains: take it, but do not make me suffer long.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Madness, genius, originality - it's all the same thing; it's a breaking of our normal value structure and the substitution of another one.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Suddenly Ammu hoped that it had been him that Rahel saw him in the march. She hoped it had been him that raised his flag and knotted arm in anger. She hoped that under his careful cloak of cheerfulness he housed a living breathing anger against the smug, ordered world that she raged against.
Peter Jennings|Religion and philosophy, philosophy and religion - they're two words which are both... different. In spelling.
Stewart Stafford|4 Hours, 48 Minutes and 19 Seconds here the point is that everything is possible.
Wynton Marsalis|It seems to me that many of the belligerent Jewish movements that were built upon hatred of Arabs - and I'm not only talking about Lieberman, but within the Likud as well - grew out of the patronizing socialist attitude that said, 'They'll be there, and we'll be here.'
Philip Palmer, Artemis|Everyone has got their own ideas and they push them and say to hell with everyone else. That's the history of the human race. It got us on top, only now it is pushing us off. The thing is that people will put up with any kind of discomfort, and dying babies, and old age at thirty as long as it has always been that way. Try to get them to change and they fight you, even while they're dying, saying it was good enough for grandpa so it's good enough for me. Bango, dead.
Jill Shalvis, Nobody But You|Beatrice did something to him, reduced him to his basic animal self, but he needed to purge his out of control feelings, not amplify them.
Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes|By journey's end the brides were much better acquainted with their grooms and more or less pleased with the matches. Sybil Bingham wrote in her diary, thanking God for answering her prayer for filling "the void" with a husband like Hiram, a "treasure rich and undeserved." Having read his insufferable memoir, "A Residence of Twenty-one Years in the Sandwich Islands", all I can say is: I'm happy for her?
Alex Berenson|Good spectator sports share certain fundamentals. Their competitors battle head-to-head. Their winners are determined objectively: fastest runner, most points. They are refereed, not judged.
J.B.S. Haldane, Possible Worlds|The Universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose.
David Levithan|Character is what we do when no one else is watching"~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Morrissey|Satan rejected my soul; as low as he goes,he never quite goes this low.
Robert Baden-Powell|Wherever you write is supposed to be a little bit of a refuge, a place where you can get away from the world. The more closed in you are, the more you're forced back on your own imagination.
Alan Bradley, A Red Herring Without Mustard|How you treat the one reveals how youregard the many, because everyone is ultimately a one.
Elaine Stritch|Talent is part of the equation, but when you combine talent with accountability and authenticity, it is tough to beat.
Garrison Keillor|I would have given anything to keep her little. They outgrow us so much faster than we outgrow them.Brian Fitzgerald, talking about his children.
John Powell, How Music Works: The Science and Psychology of Beautiful Sounds, from Beethoven to the Beatles and Beyond|Music without the ebb and flow would be like "watching a film with only good guys in it." -attrib Frank Zappa
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|But if we are to grasp the full value of the materials, we must note that myths are not exactly comparable to dream. Their figures originate from the same sources -- the unconscious wells of fantasy-- and their grammar is the same, but they are not the spontaneous products of sleep. On the contrary their patterns are consciously controlled. And their understood function is to serve as powerful picture language for the communication of traditional wisdom.
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|No one conquers fear easily, Robert. It takes a brave heart to win great battles.
Nishant Agrawal|Everyone is capable of hate, of wanting to hurt, even kill another person. But when those hatreds manifest themselves out of the mind and into real life, a line is crossed. The line between human and animal.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|People may laugh at what I do but am not perturbed. My work is to add value to lives. I will keep living my dreams so that by the time my mortal body may stop working, I will remain immortally relevant to generations to come.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|April 11, 2004Does anyone know where I can find a copy of the rules of thought, feeling, and behavior in these circumstances? It seems like there should be a rule book somewhere that lays out everything exactly the way one should respond to a loss like this. I'd surely like to know if I'm doing it right. Am I whining enough or too much? Am I unseemly in my occasional moments of lightheartedness? At what date and I supposed to turn off the emotion and jump back on the treadmill of normalcy? Is there a specific number of days or decades that must pass before I can do something I enjoy without feeling I've betrayed my dearest love? And when, oh when, am I ever really going to believe this has happened? Next time you're in a bookstore, as if there's a rule book.11:54 p.m.Jim
David Wells|It would be fun to do a reunion show. I hope we do it some day, but it better be soon. We're all getting on.
Viraj J. Mahajan|Even now, I believe that to know how is useless if we do not know why. And there are too many who forbid us to ask.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|I've come to think that there's an age beyond which it is impossible to lift a child from the pervading marinade of an original country, pat them down with a paper napkin and then deep-fry them in another country, another language like hot oil scalding the first language away.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|Accepting ourselves, okay I like such type of girls, I like watching porn, I like such kind of music, okay I like such kind off books like horror and sci-fi, I like deathstep as a music... It should be find I should accept myself people should accept me as the guy who I am truly, people should accept themselfs also.
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|Nothing was ever normal again.Many lives change like that -- all of a sudden, and forever.
Henry David Thoreau, Cape Cod|A civilization, when the moment has come for crowds to acquire a high hand over it, is at the mercy of too many chances to endure for long. Could anything postpone for a while the hour of its ruin, it would be precisely the extreme instability of the opinions of crowds and their growing indifference and lack of respect for all general beliefs.
Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory|•Zuzu Bailey: Look, Daddy. Teacher says, every time a bell rings an angel gets his wings. •George Bailey: That's right, that's right. •George Bailey: Attaboy, Clarence.
Kate Lebo, A Commonplace Book of Pie|If you knew the mercy I am showing by not dismembering you where you stand for getting in my way, you would not stop thanking me.
David Gallie, Voodoo Queen|You're the only man I know willing to jump from the top floor of a skyscraper, naked with an axe just to get the bad guy - Selena
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|Yes, when you are sharpened with the true information, you will be motivated to make impacts.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus|Black Creek Burning: “It was a polite, white lie,” Brie whispered. “I’ll have to remember you think that way,” Nathan said.
Faith Evans|People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
Rosanna Leo, Sunburn|Um. I’m really good at first aid. Like, the best.” He was the god of healing, after all. He’d better be good at fucking first aid!
Michael Caine|You've been marked and labeled in the spiritual world just by virtue of your birth. If you claim the family name of Christian, you are being hunted to be destroyed.
Mike Donehey, We Are Cathedrals|We do battle with our minds and deceptive hearts, that we may might lay our souls down upon the grace of God.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, In the Name of Jesus: Reflections on Christian Leadership|I also came to see that I should not worry about tomorrow, next week, next year, or next century. The more willing I was to look honestly at what I was thinking and saying and doing now, the more easily I would come into touch with the movement of God's Spirit in me, leading me to the future. God is a God of the present and reveals to those who are willing to listen carefully to the moment in which they live the steps they are to take toward the future. "Do not worry about tomorrow," Jesus says, "tomorrow will take care of itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own" (Matthew 6:34).
Skip Prichard|There is a crack in everything, that’s how the light gets in.
Chris Guillebeau, The Happiness of Pursuit: Finding the Quest That Will Bring Purpose to Your Life|If you've ever felt a strange sense of sadness or alienation, there's a potential way out of the confusion- just shift this feeling into a sense of purpose. It's not about happiness, although happiness often results from doing something you love. Instead, it's about challenge and fulfillment, finding the perfect combination of striving and achievement that comes from reaching a big goal.
Patti Stanger|Well, dating has become a sport and not about finding the person you love.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|There are some however more condescending, and gracious enough to confess, that many Women have wit and conduct; but yet they are of opinion, that even such of us as are most remarkable for either or both, still betray something which speaks the imbecility of our sex. Stale, thread-bare notions, which long since sunk'd with their own weight; and the extreme weakness of which seem'd to condemn to perpetual oblivion; till an ingenious writer, for want of something better to employ his pen about, was pleased lately to revive them in one of the weekly * papers, lest this age should be ignorant what fools there have been among his sex in former ones.To give us a sample then of the wisdom of his sex, he tells us, that it was always the opinion of the wisest among them, that Women are never to be indulged the sweets of liberty; but ought to pass their whole lives in a state of subordination to the Men, and in an absolute dependance upon them. And the reason assigned for so extravagant an assertion, is our not having a sufficient capacity to govern ourselves. It must be observed, that so bold a tenet ought to have better proofs to support it, than the bare word of the persons who advance it; as their being parties so immediately concern'd, must render all they say of this kind highly suspect.
Lia Davis|His hand cupped her cheek as he lowered his head to hers. Just before their lips touched, a light knock sounded on the door.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive
Kavin Senapathy, The Fear Babe: Shattering Vani Hari's Glass House|Endless seas, mean endless adventures.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|There are no specific memories of the first time I used ketamine, which was around age 17 or 18. The strongest recollection of ketamine use regarded an instance when I was concurrently smoking marijuana and inhaling nitrous oxide. I was in an easy chair and the popular high school band Sublime was playing on the CD player. I was with a friend. We were snorting lines of ketamine and then smoking marijuana from a pipe and blowing the marijuana smoke into a nitrous-filled balloon and inhaling and exhaling the nitrous-filled balloon until there was no more nitrous oxide in the balloon to achieve acute sensations of pleasure, [adjective describing state in which one is unable to comprehend anything], disorientation, etc. The first time I attempted this process my vision behaved as a compact disc sound when it skips - a single frame of vision replacing itself repeatedly for over 60 seconds, I think. Everything was vibrating. Obviously I couldn't move. My friend was later vomiting in the bathroom a lot and I remember being particularly fascinated by the sound of it; it was like he was screaming at the same time as vomiting, which I found funny, and he was making, to a certain degree, demon-like noises. My time 'with' ketamine lasted three months at the most, but despite my attempts I never achieved a 'k-hole.' At a party, once, I saw a girl sitting in bushes and asked her what she was doing and she said "I'm in a 'k-hole.'" While I have since stopped doing ketamine because of availability and lack of interest, I would do ketamine again because I would like to be in a 'k-hole.
Jennifer Sodini|Though life may not always go the way you please, remember to always see the forest through the trees.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|Man's mind may be likened to a garden, which may be intelligently cultivated or allowed to run wild.
Nicholas Sparks, See Me|In each generation, there is this certain wisdom of the ages that gets reburied in the fleeting drivels of modernity; then, like a diamond in the rough, it is yet again unearthed by a very small minority who not only restores it, but also polishes it and presents it as something new, something highly valuable and refreshing as understood by the current.
Erykah Badu|The problem is, when I talk about heartbreak or whatever, people want to melt it down to some break-up of a relationship, but it's not about that. If you're a sensitive person, just stepping outside can be heartbreaking.
David Sedaris|I had Hallowe'en parties every year, as it was my birthday five days before. My parents would actually put prosthetic noses on, and my dad would wear a top-hat and tails, put on a fake curly moustache, and hold a pipe.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|If anybody tells says you have to follow his or her #religion or you're going to hell, tell that silly ass to go to hell. Be well.
Dan B. Allender|I'm obsessed with trying to recount events as accurately and honestly as possible, but in practice the only thing I'm really any good at is telling you how I feel.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|We can't undo a single thing we have ever done, but we can make decisions today that propel us to the life we want and towards the healing we need.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|You smiled then, and your whole face changed with it. It kind of lit up, like there were sunbeams coming from inside you.
David Baldacci, The Collectors|For DeHaven it was well worth the extra money to a federal budget that had always allocated more to war than it ever did to peaceful purposes. For a fraction of the cost of one missile he could purchase on the open market every work the library needed to round out its rare books collection. Yet politicians believed that missiles kept you safe, whereas actually books did, and for a simple reason. Ignorance caused wars, and people who read widely were seldom ignorant.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|I am not wise enough to know if there is ever purpose in tragedy, if there is ever virtue in resisting it. If it cannot be overcome, then grief has beaten you, and you are right to say so.
Arthur Schopenhauer|"Stay" is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary.
Dave Guerrero|Let me dream so I can shape the world, let me dream so I can make others dream as well, but do not let me dream my days away; lest I sleep my years away too.
Teodor Flonta, A Luminous Future|I knew that coming from a family with an unhealthy social origins, things would be harder for me. Nonetheless, in my heart, hope never died. However, over time, I had learned that trying never died either. Trying was one thing I always had to do more than others, because, in the self-proclaimed society of equals, we were made to be less equal than many of the families around us.
John Henry Newman|Slang surely, as it is called, comes of, and breathes of the personal
Murad S. Shah|Words are free, action is not.
Shane L. Koyczan|I you can't see anything beautiful about yourself, get a better mirror. Look a little closer, stare a little longer. Because there is something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit. You built a cast around your broken heart and signed it yourself, you signed it THEY WERE WRONG.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 2nd Movement|What a shabby lot of highbrows have turned out tonight," he said, when he saw us. "It makes me ashamed to be one.
Samiullah Khan Mohmand|Life is like a painting, seems smooth and glorious but you can see its dullness when you are near it.
Frederick Charles Copleston, A History of Philosophy, Vol. 1: Greece and Rome, From the Pre-Socratics to Plotinus|[O]ther thinkers have philosophised since the time of Plato, but that does not destroy the interest and beauty of his philosophy
EverSkeptic|If I don't keep complaining about my problems, it doesn't mean I have fewer of them, all it means is I can handle them better.
Robert B. Parker, Small Vices|Poets speak of hope in ladies smiles, but give me a smirk any day, I say.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|The print was an old one made from a negative taken in the 1960’s of her parents in Sydney Mines, dancing with thrilled, excited expressions on their faces, in front of a classic car that had been a wedding gift at the time. Her mother’s hair, red back then, was held back by a blue handkerchief, and she was dressed in a billowing skirt and white blouse. Her father’s denim jeans and faded t-shirt were streaked with coal dust as he held her hands and spun her around in the front yard of their old clapboard house, yellow grass under their feet and a cobalt-blue sky with white clouds drifting above. Mandy could almost feel the late summer breeze as she gazed deeply into the print, watching the flamboyant colors come to life. She hung it up to dry on two wooden clothespins hanging from a string above her.
Matthew 6:22-23, NIV|The eye is the lamp of the body. If your eyes are healthy, your whole body will be full of light. But if your eyes are unhealthy, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light within you is darkness, how great is that darkness!
C.J. Carlyon, The Cherry House|It is more than love, barely less than madness. It’s never close enough.
Stephen King, Mr. Mercedes|When it comes to sex, no pairing is beyond belief.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Preparation doesn't assures victory, it assures confidence.
Jodi Hills|She wasn't where she had been. She wasn't where she was going, but she was on her way.
Anne Bradstreet|Wisdom with an inheritance is good, but wisdom without an inheritance is better than an inheritance without wisdom.
Lila Felix, Burden|Healthy relationships, even those that eventually end with breakups, aren’t a mistake. They’re a chance to grow and learn, about who you are, who you want to be, what kind of relationships are worth your time and energy. I hate this assumption that when people end a romantic relationship they leave a piece of their heart behind, they shatter and will be unable to offer their next partner their whole, pure self. People aren’t puzzles or vases. People have an endless capacity both to learn and to love. People also aren’t property. They do not become less valuable or tarnished by use.
Bridget Fonda|I want my audience to know me for my work, not because of who I'm dating or what drugs I'm on or what club I went to.
Megan Miranda, Fracture|Darling, I don't want you; I've got no place for you; I only want what you give. I don't want the whole of anyone.... What you want is the whole of me-isn't it, isn't it?-and the whole of me isn't there for anybody. In that full sense you want me I don't exist.
R.C. Sproul, A Taste of Heaven: Worship in the Light of Eternity|The real crisis of worship today is not that the preaching is paltry or that it’s too drafty in church. It is that people have no sense of the presence of God, and if they have no sense of His presence, how can they be moved to express the deepest feelings of their souls to honor, revere, worship, and glorify God?
Regina O'Melveny, The Book of Madness and Cures|Someone has said of books that they are our 'amplest heritages' of thought, and so they are. That doesn't necessarily mean that they must be learned or profound. They are food for the mind and different minds require different foods ; everyone is better for variety. Whatever stimulates the mind feeds it, be it fact, fiction or fable. That is where our responsibility lies ; in knowing what builds good mental blood and brawn, and in dispensing that only. Don't ever let yourself think you haven't time to read.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|I realized I love him just as much or more than I did four years ago. That I'm never live with him" She raised her head to look at her sisters with haunted eyes. "And I don't know if I can live without him.
Laura Argiri, The God in Flight|Over and over again I have said that there is no way out of the present impasse. If we were wide awake we would be instantly struck by the horrors which surround us ... We would drop our tools, quit our jobs, deny our obligations, pay no taxes, observe no laws, and so on. Could the man or woman who is thoroughly awakened possibly do the crazy things which are now expected of him or her every moment of the day?
Benny Bellamacina|When you’ve tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed
Jonathan Heatt, Teaching Snapping Turtles How To Chew Bubblegum|The Americans are the living refutation of the Cartesian axiom, "I think, therefore I am": Americans do not think, yet they are.
Tammara Webber, Breakable|The little kids by the water threw their hands in the air and squealed, chasing each other in circles.It was hard to believe that I’d ever been that small. That young. That happy and clueless. They hadpain ahead. Heartbreak. Loss. They didn’t know and I didn’t want them to – but at the same time, Ihated that I hadn’t known. I’d taken everything for granted – my mother, my friends in Alexandria,playing hockey. I dreamed about the future because that’s what people persuade you to do whenyou’re a kid, but that’s the biggest lie of all – that you can plan. Reality is, you have no fucking cluewhat’s coming and neither do they
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Given that I don’t know anything, when I am making up stories about the future, why not make it a good story instead of a scary one?
William Hazlitt|A distinguished writer [Siméon Denis Poisson] has thus stated the fundamental definitions of the science:'The probability of an event is the reason we have to believe that it has taken place, or that it will take place.''The measure of the probability of an event is the ratio of the number of cases favourable to that event, to the total number of cases favourable or contrary, and all equally possible' (equally like to happen).From these definitions it follows that the word probability, in its mathematical acceptation, has reference to the state of our knowledge of the circumstances under which an event may happen or fail. With the degree of information which we possess concerning the circumstances of an event, the reason we have to think that it will occur, or, to use a single term, our expectation of it, will vary. Probability is expectation founded upon partial knowledge. A perfect acquaintance with all the circumstances affecting the occurrence of an event would change expectation into certainty, and leave neither room nor demand for a theory of probabilities.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|When we stop looking for someone to complete us, we find completion in ourselves.
Mark Twain, Notebook|We need cats to need us. It unnerves us that they do not. However, if they do not need us, they nonetheless seem to love us.
Lech Walesa|There is a huge need and a huge opportunity to get everyone in the world connected, to give everyone a voice and to help transform society for the future. The scale of the technology and infrastructure that must be built is unprecedented, and we believe this is the most important problem we can focus on.
Alan Turing, Computing machinery and intelligence|We can only see a short distance ahead, but we can see plenty there that needs to be done.
Clive Barker, The Hellbound Heart|Adapting our own perception, following rather than leading and building bridges are all keys to helping the child with autism learn.
Jack Benny|I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
Nancy Atkinson, Incredible Stories from Space: A Behind-the-Scenes Look at the Missions Changing Our View of the Cosmos|Naughty, nasty, associal, discouraged - online space.
Holly Mosier|Remember, the most common thing about common sense is how uncommon it is.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|America's indispensable working class existed as property beyond the realm of politics, leaving white Americans free to trumpet their love of freedom and democratic values.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|A Guardian investigation concluded that between 10,000 and 20,000 people died as an 'indirect' result of the US bombing, that is, through hunger, cold and disease as people were forced to flee the massive aerial assault. An estimate by Professor Marc Herold of the University of New Hampshire, suggests that between 3,125 and 3,620 Afghan civilians were killed by US bombing up to July 2002.3
Francis Parker Yockey, Imperium|Two ideas are opposed — not concepts or abstractions, but Ideas which were in the blood of men before they were formulated by the minds of men. The Resurgence of Authority stands opposed to the Rule of Money; Order to Social Chaos, Hierarchy to Equality, socio-economico-political Stability to constant Flux; glad assumption of Duties to whining for Rights; Socialism to Capitalism, ethically, economically, politically; the Rebirth of Religion to Materialism; Fertility to Sterility; the spirit of Heroism to the spirit of Trade; the principle of Responsibility to Parliamentarism; the idea of Polarity of Man and Woman to Feminism; the idea of the individual task to the ideal of ‘happiness’; Discipline to Propaganda-compulsion; the higher unities of family, society, State to social atomism; Marriage to the Communistic ideal of free love; economic self-sufficiency to senseless trade as an end in itself; the inner imperative to Rationalism.
Samuel Johnson, Life and Conversations of Dr. Samuel Johnson: Founded Chiefly Upon Boswell.|If I really seem vain, it is that I am only vain in my ways—not in my heart. The worst women are those vain in their hearts, and not in their ways.
Jenny Downham, You Against Me|Help me, Mikey, she wanted to say. I’m afraid. More afraid than you’d ever believe.’ And he’d take her hand and they’d fly across the rooftops and up into space and sit on some planet and watch a double sunrise or maybe a star being born or some other event that no human had ever seen, her head on his shoulder, his arm around her. And she’d tell him everything.
Novalis|Love is not a mere impulse, it must contain truth, which is law.
Iain Banks, The Wasp Factory|She’s contemplative; I can feel the air around her thick with her thoughts. “No,” she says at last, “I want to believe you’re being sincere but I know you’re not. So I say no, because even if I allow myself to fantasize a little about our lives in a cabin on the beach, I still find myself being left by you. There’s almost no scenario I can think of where we live happily ever after.”“There could be,” I tell her and mean it at the moment. Maybe mean it for longer. Her fingers stop moving and she sighs. I open my eyes and she’s staring down at me. The lights have come on around the parking lot and one of them shines directly into her face. She angelic, a neon seraphim under the brilliant skies of the spring. I can see us on our boat, eating our hand picked clams on the fire behind our place. I can see it so vividly I’m almost sure it’s happened.
Charles Bukowski|There are laws. There are rules. And when you break them, there are consequences. Laws of nature and laws of life. Laws of love and laws of death.
Frederick Buechner, Telling Secrets|You will never be lost to me, Selinne.
S.Z.J. Mtshali|In all honesty, it’s just time for me to move on with my life. Lord knows he moved on with his, Rala replied
Mehek Bassi|Trying to effect change in others is a lost cause especially if you are unwilling to first change yourself. It’s easier to focus on other people’s issues or shortcomings rather than look inward. It’s counter-productive to try to clean someone else’s house, while your house is a disaster. Not to mention, hypocritical. Start with yourself and then worry about others. ~Jason Versey
Jeremiah Wright|We ought to have more women in various management positions, because women are the ones who decide almost everything in the home.
Craig Groeschel, Dare to Drop the Pose: Ten Things Christians Think but Are Afraid to Say|It has been a great source of sadness to me to see two schools of thought within the evangelical church over many decades. Those who come glorying in manifestations of power sometimes seem dismissive of those whom they regard as “cold theologians.” I once heard a man speaking at a large conference say that theology was the enemy of the church and if only we could abandon doctrinal perspectives, the church would be a happier place. What tragic nonsense! We also see and hear those who love theological insight and savour the doctrines of Scripture expressing equally dismissive remarks about Christians who are enjoying God’s power, as though they were mere children preoccupied with experience. How I long for a recovery of true biblical Christianity where the apostle Paul, who wrote the book of Romans, also raised the dead! It seems that profound theology and great signs and wonders happily cohabited in Paul’s life and ministry.
William Salter|As the essence of courage is to stake one's life on a possibility, so the essence of faith is to believe the possibility exists.
Lawrence M. Krauss|So... what was the reason to don't be social!???...Oh, thanks Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution for reminding me.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Never stop dreaming,Never get satisfied,Make you goals bigger, every-time you reach them.Be more then you were, every day.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|How easy it is for us to demonise from a distance. But when we stand face to face with our supposed enemy, it is hard to hate.
A.E. Newton|Even when reading is impossible, the presence of books acquired produces such an ecstasy that the buying of more books than one can read is nothing less than the soul reaching towards infinity... We cherish books even if unread, their mere presence exudes comfort, their ready access reassurance.
Darnell Lamont Walker|I'm homeless. I've taken to the belief that home is not where we lay our heads comfortably some nights, or where we entertain visiting friends. It's not where love is unconditional. When I look up and realize I haven't run away in a long time, I'll know I'm home.
L.A. Casey, Alec|My date the next night brought a sock puppet with him. A. Sock. Puppet. And he talked to me with it"...	"It completely freaked me out," Kalani continued. "I made it through drinks and that was more than enough. I told the guy it was a good thing he had one good hand left because if this was his usual MO for dates, he was going to need it.
William Penn|Time is what we want most,but what we use worst.
Rachel Reiland, Get Me Out of Here: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder|Some scientists were conducting an experiment, he said, trying to gauge the impact of abuse on children. Ducks, like people, develop bonds between mother and young. They call it imprinting. So the scientists set out to test how that imprint bond would be affected by abuse. The control group was a real mother duck and her ducklings. For the experimental group, the scientist used a mechanical duck they had created - feathers, sound, and all - which would, at timed intervals, peck the ducklings with its mechanical beak. A painful peck, one a real duck would not give. They varied these groups. Each group was pecked with a different level of frequency. And then they watched the ducklings grow and imprint bond with their mother. Over time, he went on, the ducklings in the control group would waddle along behind their mother. But as they grew, there would be more distance between them. They'd wander and explore.The ducklings with the pecking mechanical mother, though, followed much more closely. Even the scientists were stunned to discover that the group that bonded and followed most closely was the one that had been pecked repeatedly with the greatest frequency. The more the ducklings were pecked and abused, the more closely they followed. The scientist repeated the experiment and got the same results.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|There is an old phrase, ‘hiding in plain sight.’ This is where we find the loved one we miss so much. All we need to do is open our eyes, our minds, and our hearts.
Martin Luther|This life therefore is not righteousness, but growth in righteousness, not health, but healing, not being but becoming, not rest but exercise. We are not yet what we shall be, but we are growing toward it, the process is not yet finished, but it is going on, this is not the end, but it is the road. All does not yet gleam in glory, but all is being purified.
Santonu Kumar Dhar, The Effort|In Washington, the venerable were often vulnerable.
Frank Plumpton Ramsey, Foundations of Mathematics and Other Logical Essays|To exist here, I’ll have to become skilled in saying no—an art in which I was once well accomplished, but one I no longer care to practice.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Whenever we want to combat our enemies, first and foremost we must start by understanding them rather than exaggerating their motives.
Ossie Davis|The media's power is frail. Without the people's support, it can be shut off with the ease of turning a light switch.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It wasn’t until I slowed the car and rolled down the windows that I realized I spend most of my days driving ‘through’ life without driving ‘in’ life. So, I’ve decided to walk because the pace is slower and the windows are always down.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Some deaths were long, the decay so gradual the rotted end was nothing more than a sigh disappearing in the wind.Others were quick, the abrupt cut of a life in mid-phrase leaving unanswered questions lingering like an unresolved harmony.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Some people experience a life-changing sensation that transforms how they see the world after a near-death experience, but the way I see it, we’re all dying – nay, we’re all dead – and it is up to us to be our own self-necromancers to find some form of life and spirit to reanimate the corpse of a life spent wanting.
Carlos Wallace|Rewards are not simply given, they are earned. Each of your trials and tribulations increases your reward. You are destined for success and greatness beyond measure. So smile to increase your endurance and laugh in the face of adversity.
John S. Savage, Listening and Caring Skills in Ministry: A Guide for Groups and Leaders|The overload makes users less productive and more stressed; thus, there’s a need for some solution. Passively ignoring the problem won’t work, since bits are still heavy, even if we pretend not to notice.
Joseph E. Stiglitz, The Price of Inequality|As long as enough people can be frightened, then all people can be ruled. I am afraid that's how it works in a democracy.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|This is the strange thing about life, when people are confronted, they all say that the truth is what they want but when the truth disagrees with them, they balk at it as if it were an unwanted zombie apocalypse that only wants to destroy civilization.
Walt Whitman|Sail Forth- Steer for the deep waters only. Reckless O soul, exploring. I with thee and thou with me. For we are bound where mariner has not yet dared go. And we will risk the ship, ourselves, and all.
Bill Veeck|I call my golden retriever Cara my 'white wolf.' She's changed my attitude and made me write this book where the wolf is the hero, not the villain.
Stefan Molyneux|What is so often said about the solders of the 20th century is that they fought to make us free. Which is a wonderful sentiment and one witch should evoke tremendous gratitude if in fact there was a shred of truth in that statement but, it's not true. It's not even close to true in fact it's the opposite of truth. There's this myth around that people believe that the way to honor deaths of so many of millions of people; that the way to honor is to say that we achieved some tangible, positive, good, out of their death's. That's how we are supposed to honor their deaths. We can try and rescue some positive and forward momentum of human progress, of human virtue from these hundreds of millions of death's but we don't do it by pretending that they'd died to set us free because we are less free; far less free now then we were before these slaughters began. These people did not die to set us free. They did not die fighting any enemy other than the ones that the previous deaths created. The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their proper names. Solders are paid killers, and I say this with a great degree of sympathy to young men and women who are suckered into a life of evil through propaganda and the labeling of heroic to a man in costume who kills for money and the life of honor is accepting ordered killings for money, prestige, and pensions. We create the possibility of moral choice by communicating truth about ethics to people. That to me is where real heroism and real respect for the dead lies. Real respect for the dead lies in exhuming the corpses and hearing what they would say if they could speak out; and they would say: If any ask us why we died tell it's because our fathers lied, tell them it's because we were told that charging up a hill and slaughtering our fellow man was heroic, noble, and honorable. But these hundreds of millions of ghosts encircled the world in agony, remorse will not be released from our collective unconscious until we lay the truth of their murders on the table and look at the horror that is the lie; that murder for money can be moral, that murder for prestige can be moral.  These poor young men and woman propagandized into an undead ethical status lied to about what is noble, virtuous, courageous, honorable, decent, and good to the point that they're rolling hand grenades into children's rooms and the illusion that, that is going to make the world a better place. We have to stare this in the face if we want to remember why these people died. They did not die to set us free. They did not die to make the world a better place. They died because we are ruled by sociopaths. The only thing that can create a better world is the truth is the virtue is the honor and courage of standing up to the genocidal lies of mankind and calling them lies and ultimate corruptions.  The trauma and horrors of this century of staggering bloodshed of the brief respite of the 19th century. This addiction to blood and the idea that if we pour more bodies into the hole of the mass graves of the 20th century, if we pour more bodies and more blood we can build some sort of cathedral to a better place but it doesn't happen. We can throw as many young men and woman as we want into this pit of slaughter and it will never be full. It will never do anything other than sink and recede further into the depths of hell. We can’t build a better world on bodies. We can’t build peace on blood. If we don't look back and see the army of the dead of the 20th century calling out for us to see that they died to enslave us. That whenever there was a war the government grew and grew.  We are so addicted to this lie. What we need to do is remember that these bodies bury us. This ocean of blood that we create through the fantasy that violence brings virtue. It drowns us, drowns our children, our future, and the world. When we pour these endless young bodies into this pit of death; we follow it.
Amy E. Spiegel, Letting Go of Perfect: Women, Expectations, and Authenticity|If coupling should but make us whole / And of the selfsame mind and soul, / Then couple let's in celebration; / We have contained the population.
Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House|Library books were, I suddenly realized, promiscuous, ready to lie down in the arms of anyone who asked. Not like bookstore books, which married their purchasers, or were brokered for marriages to others.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."|On March 12, 2015, the AIM Development Company, that deals in scrap metal, met to discuss demolishing the now defunct Verso Paper Mill in Bucksport, located at the head of Penobscot Bay. The paper mill was first built by the Maine Seaboard Paper Company in 1930. Demolition of the mill is expected to be completed in 2016. However, company representatives and town officials did not discuss what AIM might do with the 250-acre waterfront site once the demolition work is complete. Originally it was believed that a recycling facility, using the deep-water port access to export salvaged metals, would be the most likely thing to be built on this site; however this plan has now been scrapped. In 1980 this mill employed more than 1,350 workers and was the largest employer in Bucksport, a town of about 5,000 residents.The demolition and removal took much longer than anyone expected and as salvage crews continued working, a fire broke out on March 19, 2017. Apparently the fire erupted at about 8:30 a,m. as workers using cutting torches, cut into the metal exterior wall of the mill. Spreading to the roof of the building, it was debated as to the feasibility of allowing the fire to destroy the remaining structure. Considering the safety involved firefighters from Bucksport and surrounding towns extinguished the fire. It is expected that the remaining remnants will be demolished by the middle of 2017 in fact the company has open rail cars in position, waiting to remove whatever is left of the mill.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|People abandoned one another constantly without performing the courtesy of of actually disappearing. They left, but didn't, lurking about, a constant reminder of what could or should have been.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|God give me patience, to reconcile with what I am not able to changeGive me strength to change what I canAnd give me wisdom to distinguish one from another.
Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird|I can't see that Danish episode as an adventure, or a crisis survived, or a serious quest for anything definable. It was just another happening like today's luncheon, something I got into and got out of. And it reminds me too much of how little life changes: how, without dramatic events or high resolves, without tragedy, without even pathos, a reasonably endowed, reasonably well-intentioned man can walk through the world's great kitchen from end to end and arrive at the back door hungry.
L.J. Smith, Nightfall|Bonnie, believe in me. I’ll save you.I remember how to fly.
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|And somewhereout there,in the river ofaddicts, alcoholics,wife beaters,doormats,overeducated legalized thieves,fascist police,and bitter rivalries—someone told meit’s a good city,and I don’t knowwhat’s more frightening
Matt      Chandler|Religious leaders who continue mechanically to expound the Scriptures without regard to the current religious situation are no better than the scribes and lawyers of Jesus’ day who faithfully parroted the Law without the remotest notion of what was going on around them spiritually,” wrote Tozer. “They fed the same diet to all and seemed wholly unaware that there was such a thing as meat in due season.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|The power of music, narrative and drama is of the greatest practical and theoretical importance. One may see this even in the case of idiots, with IQs below 20 and the extremest motor incompetence and bewilderment. Their uncouth movements may disappear in a moment with music and dancing—suddenly, with music, they know how to move. We see how the retarded, unable to perform fairly simple tasks involving perhaps four or five movements or procedures in sequence, can do these perfectly if they work to music—the sequence of movements they cannot hold as schemes being perfectly holdable as music, i.e. embedded in music. The same may be seen, very dramatically, in patients with severe frontal lobe damage and apraxia—an inability to do things, to retain the simplest motor sequences and programmes, even to walk, despite perfectly preserved intelligence in all other ways. This procedural defect, or motor idiocy, as one might call it, which completely defeats any ordinary system of rehabilitative instruction, vanishes at once if music is the instructor. All this, no doubt, is the rationale, or one of the rationales, of work songs.
Mitt Romney|Existence is no more than the precarious attainment of relevance in an intensely mobile flux of past, present, and future.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Holy communication, Holy life.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|This squirrel is inadequately afraid of humans! Squirrel, I am a threat to you! We are enemies! Please get off my bench! Oh, god! Oh, god! Don't touch me—oh, god!
Dr. Matthew Loop|Flirt with him if you want, Honor, but you're mine.
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|I’ve always wanted to be the sort of boy who does the right thing without having to think about it first, the kind of boy who makes his bed every morning and wears his mouth like a vase for words of kindness and simplicity. My agents keep telling me I’m too bruised to play the part. They have no idea how hard it is to make my bed when I’m constantly sleeping in yours, how difficult it is to keep my body from bruising when I’m almost always on my knees, making room in my vase for you, and watching while you text all the boys who are up for the role.
Rishika Sharma|If you say yes when you mean no, you are not being authentic, or true to yourself, to who you really are. You are not living your life, you are trying to fit in with someone else's.
Leo Frobenius, Kulturgeschichte Afrikas|Instinct is a makeshift, an admission of helplessness before the problem of reality.
Jeff Shaara|When we're alive, life consumes us. But when we die, all of the color and the motion is gone so quickly, it's as though it can no longer stand to be wasted on us.
Robert M. Drake|Broken hearts, you can run, you can hide and perhaps the earth is big enough to believe you’re safe. So maybe for a moment you have escaped but hear me, hear me well. Love will find you and it will leave nothing behind.
Beth Mikell, Salvation|Hovering above me, directly over the twirling Merkabah, was the cosmic phenomena I hoped for but had not truly expected.
Barbara Hodgson, The Tattooed Map|My travels inevitably begin with copious research and planning. I began this kind of planning long ago when I was very young and anxious to hit the road. Hours were spent pouring over junior encyclopedias memorizing the names of exotic-sounding cities---Addis, Ababa, Samarkand, Damascus. Lengthy lists were written detailing the most minute necessities: three pairs of socks, two pencils. spare batteries, rope.
Elizabeth Wein, The Winter Prince|I am like a ruined piece of parchment scrawled over and over again with your name, so many times it has become illegible.
Abbi Glines, Because of Lila|Falling in love with you was out of my control, but I do have a say in what happens next. And, I will choose to stay in love with you through everything this life throws at us.
Frederica Mathewes-Green|Religion can make it worse. Are you supposing that if people were encouraged to believe in a transcendent reality, and to be encouraged by grand rituals and music and preaching, to love their neighbors, then they would put jealousy and frustration aside?
Sherwood Smith|If more people recognized the difference between friendship and mere attraction, or how love must partake of both to prosper, I expect there'd be more happy people." "And a lot fewer poems and plays," I said, laughing as I splashed about in the scented water.
Julian Quintero|It is very difficult for those always in the spotlight who have constant pressure on them where there is however but a tiny window of freedom if your fortunate enough not to dream." -Julian Quintero
Amber Lin|No, but it’s your reality now. Put on your big-boy pants and deal with it.
Suzy Ross|I can't go back to being who I used to be!'Hadley looked down at him sympathetically.'None of us can, kid.' he said. 'That's the point. You get what you get. Life changes you. Time travel or no, you always have to build on what you live through.
H. Alazhar, City of Paradise|I don’t mind crack,” I said. “I like crack as much as the next man. But it’s not doing a thing for my nerves, and I already have a splitting headache— I say, I don’t suppose those heroin dealers carry Anadin or acetaminophen or anything like that, do they?” “I think they just have heroin, Charlie.
Tina Gabrielle, An Artful Seduction|I've never kissed an art forger before" Lord Huntington to Eliza Somerton in "An Artful Seduction
Steve Kluger, My Most Excellent Year|Never, ever stop believing in magic, no matter how old you get. Because if you keep looking long enough and don't give up, sooner or later you're going to find Mary Poppins.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|I was so grateful to see Lissa okay that I missed what Eddie had already noticed. "You guys, where are Victor and Robert?"Lissa's face crumpled, and even Adrian looked grim. "Damn it," I said, needing no explanation.Lissa nodded, eyes wide with distraught. "We lost them.
Balroop Singh|I come to listen to your pain and to hear the stories and memories of a few obsessed citizens. Jerusalem, I come to you in disguise: in over-colourful, immodest clothes and vulgar make-up... The only way I could come to you was in disguise, as a whore.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|This is how we bring about our own damnation, you know-by ignoring the voice that begs us to stop. To stop while there's still time.
Uma Thurman|I'm not a teen anymore, but growing up, some of my favorite things were, like, 'Twin Peaks,' which wasn't even really my time, and this is one of the things, like a weird, quirky, small town mystery.
Carlton D. Pearson, God Is Not a Christian, Nor a Jew, Muslim, Hindu...: God Dwells with Us, in Us, Around Us, as Us|Streets teemed with hell's wretched souls. New dead with their gadgets and old dead from antiquity. Demons roamed the avenues and alleyways, tormenting hapless damned at random with branding irons, flaming pitchforks, and razor-wire whips. -From the story Remember, Remember, Hell in November, in the anthology, Lawyers in Hell.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|Hopper’s paintings are full of women like her; women who appear to be in the grips of a loneliness that has to do with gender and unattainable standards of appearance, and that gets increasingly toxic and strangulating with age.
Georges Simenon|The blue-backed notebooks, the two pencils and the pencil sharpener (a pocket knife was too wasteful) the marble-topped tables, the smell of early morning, sweeping out and mopping, and luck were all you needed. For luck you carried a horse chestnut and a rabbit's foot in your right pocket. The fur had been worn off the rabbit's foot long ago and the bones and the sinews were polished by wear. The claws scratched in the lining of your pocket and you knew your luck was still there.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Never allow your desires to lead you away from God; allow nothing else to control you other than God and His Word. No matter what you see or pass through, don’t allow them to define you.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Life's only law is change. Everything is continuously changing, evolving and developing. Hindus say that it takes 840 million lives to become a human being, which emphasises the precious gift of being a human being.
Philip Pullman, Two Crafty Criminals!: and how they were Captured by the Daring Detectives of the New Cut Gang|Someday you'll find the placeIt's the place where love takes over hateThen you'll see all the things you doAffect everyone around youThen you'll see there's no fear at allYou held my hand, we took down that wallAs I looked at you with nothing to sayNow I understand why you pushed me awayI looked far and now I seeThat the only one I needed was me
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|They play, said the old man. Every week the anglos play a game to celebrate who they are. He stopped, raised his cane and fanned the air. One of them whacks it, then sets off like it was a trip around the world, to every one of the bases out there, you know the anglos have bases all over the world, right? Well the one who whacked it runs from one to the next while the others keep taking swings to distract their enemies, and if he doesn't get caught he makes it home and his people welcome him with open arms and cheering.
Idries Shah, The Pleasantries of the Incredible Mulla Nasrudin|Sufism, the "secret tradition," is not available on the basis of assumptions which belong to another world, the world of intellect.
Logan Pearsall Smith|Happiness, that grand mistress of the ceremonies in the dance of life, impels us through all its mazes and meanderings, but leads none of us by the same route.
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|Once constituted, capital reproduces itself faster than output increases. The past devours the future.
Matthew Donnelly|Nonconformists aren't just going against the grain; they're going against the brain. Either their brains aren't taking the easy way out to begin with, or in standing apart from their peers, these students are standing up to their biology.
Benny Bellamacina, THE SCOOTER FIVE | rhyming book 1 | strawberry bees|People are like the waves, all similar, none the same
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it.
Save Ideas|Very often, gleams of light come in a few minutes' sleeplessness, in a secondperhaps; you must fix them. To entrust them to the relaxed brain is like writing on water; there is every chance that on the morrow there will be no slightest trace left of any happening.
Rollo May|Tenderness emerges from the fact that the two persons, longing, as all individuals do, to overcome the separateness and isolation to which we are all heir because we are individuals, can participate in a relationship that, for the moment, is not of two isolated selves but a union
Thomas Rhett|I wish I was told to look after my teeth when I was younger. My smile is really important to me and one of my biggest assets, so I'm very conscious that I need to keep it in top condition.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|The eastern sky above the firs was flushed faintly pink from the reflection of the west, and Anne was wondering dreamily if the spirit of color looked like that…
Martin Yan|I really have created a family. I work with the people I love, I travel with them, I make films with them, and I'm in an office with them. So in a weird way - I know I haven't birthed a child - I feel that I'm a part of creating a family. It's a tribe. I love that word.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|One of my biggest weaknesses, one that has always shamed me, is that I have always been lonely. I've struggled to make friends because I can be socially awkward, because I'm weird, because I live in my head. When I was young, we moved around a lot, so there was rarely any time to get to know a new place, let alone new people. Loneliness was the one familiar thing, making me this bottomless pit of need, open and gaping and desperate for anything to fill me up.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|Those ruffians, the Gods, shan't have it all their own way,-- her notion being that the Gods, who never lost a chance of hurting, thwarting and spoiling human lives were seriously put out if, all the same, you behaved like a lady.
James Rozoff|The "old school" of wastewater treatment, still embraced by most government regulators and many academics, considers water to be a vehicle for the routine transfer of waste from on place to another. It also considers the accompanying organic material to be of little or no value. The "new school", on the other hand, sees water as a dwindling, precious resource that should not be polluted with waste; organic materials are seen as resources that should be constructively recycled. My research for this chapter included reviewing hundreds of research papers on alternative wastewater systems. I was amazed at the incredible amount of time and money that has gone into studying how to clean the water we have polluted with human excrement. In all of the research papers, without exception, the idea that we should simply stop defecating in water was never suggested.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|When governments rely increasingly on sophisticated public relations agencies, public debate disappears and is replaced by competing propaganda campaigns, with all the accompanying deceits. Advertising isn't about truth or fairness or rationality, but about mobilising deeper and more primitive layers of the human mind.
Sergei Dovlatov|Bodisham insisted upon a series of conferences with practically all the Group present and participating. The egg of the world revolution was indeed incubated in meetings very like tutorial classes. Our dramatic and romantic dispositions would have it otherwise, but that was the course reality chose to take. It was begotten of a sentence, it was fostered in talk. In the beginning was the Word. There is no strong, silent man in the history of the world renascence."I've got so little to say," said Dreed, and he was the nearest approach to speechlessness in the Group."All the more reason for coming to listen," said Rud.They had to understand each other, Bodisham urged, and to keep on understanding each other. "You have to talk a movement into being," he said, "and you have to keep it alert by talk. You have to write and keep on writing memoranda on the different expressions of our fundamental ideas, as fact challenges them. It is laborious but absolutelynecessary."So long as Lenin lived, Bodisham argued, he wrote and talked and explained, and when he died progress in Russia turned its face to the wall. The hope went out of the Russian experiment. "You have to play the role of Lenin in our movement," said Bodisham. The Common-sense Party had to keep alive mentally even if it risked serious internal conflicts. Rigidity was a sign of death. Fixed creeds were the coffins of belief.
Francis Bacon|Witches are liberated from their own fears and limited thinking. In turn, their presence has the power to liberate and consciously expand others.
V.S. Carnes|His head snapped sharply aside to collide with his own aching shoulder. The hulking brute he had heard referred to as Abdullah leaned into Caine’s face while his brain was yet reeling, flexing his fingers from the punch just dealt to his jaw, and said in Arabic, “I did not know English women were so strong.
Taylor Swift|That I always had space to run and that I had the opportunity to play with my imagination. I also loved that my mum drew and painted with me. I always remember that my parents loved me, and that is essential when you're a kid; they always showed me how proud they were of my achievements. It's also very important when parents put their kids' drawings on the refrigerator.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|All bowmen are caught between heaven and earth, born to discovery, choosing to love and raise their eyes high to a future that is apparent only through the strength of their hope.
Markus Zusak, Getting the Girl|I told her I loved the howling sound of her harmonica. That seemed to be the limit of my courage that night, and even those spoken words had to struggle their way out of my mouth. It's all very well for words to build bridges, but sometimes I think it's a matter of knowing when to do it. Knowing when the time's right.
Rob Thurman, Blackout|Leandros's favorite place had turned out not to be vegetarian, but vegan, which was for people who preferred their suicide slow.
Mary Karr|Mother’s particular devils had remained mysterious to me for decades. So had her past. Few born liars ever intentionally embark in truth’s direction, even those who believe that such a journey might axiomatically set them free.
Gary   Hopkins|Since the tapestry of all time has already been woven, everything I could ever want to happen in my life already exists in that infinite, nonphysical plane. My only task is to expand my earthly self enough to let it into this realm. So if there's something I desire, the idea isn't to go out and get it, but to expand my own consciousness to allow universal energy to bring it into my reality here.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Confidence comes from within. You teach people how to perceive you, by your own example of how you perceive yourself. If you believe in yourself that confidence shines through and others will believe in you too.
Christina Rossetti|Tears welled in Penelope's eyes, making the blue even darker. Then she reeled back and slapped him hard enough that his cheek stung."That is for what you did to me. Not in the dark, Jeremy. Not as the faceless lover. Not even for today when you made love to me... or perhaps we should call it 'fucking', since there was nothing loving about it, only manipulation". Her voice shook as hard as her hands as she turned on her heel and headed for the door. "It's for betraying my friendship".
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|The warm humid air of New York clung to the night, unwilling to relinquish its suffocating hold. And yet to Eva, the city had an underlying hum of possibility; a constant forward motion that promised, no matter what, that change was on its way.
P.C. Cast|I'll find you, don't worry. My body won't be with you all the time, but you'll always have my heart. I'm your worrier, remember?" "I'll never forget. I promise. I'm your High Priestess and you've pledged yourself to me. That means you have my heart, too.""Then both of us better stay safe. A heart's a hard thing to live without. I should know. I've tried it.
Emily Thorne|Power can be hoarded by the mighty or stolen from the innocent.Power provides the ability to choose. But has a proclivity for corruption. The use of power is not to be taken lightly, for it is never without consequence.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you believe that God is good and that He loves you without regard to whom you are or what you do, you will worship Him wholeheartedly. You will praise him with thanksgiving. If you believe He is angry against you, you will come to him with fear and trying to appease his anger. And you don't know when His anger will be over. Such a god keeps you in a perpetual psychological anguish. That is the typical kind of god we usually worship. That is the typical god approved by authority.
William Drummond|Books have that strange quality, that being of the frailest and tenderest matter, they outlast brass, iron and marble.
Pope Francis|A good Catholic meddles in politics, offering the best of himself, so that those who govern can govern. But what is the best that we can offer to those who govern? Prayer!
Mark Feuerstein|Sexy in India is not considered positive. But, with today's crop of fresh faces in the modelling arena, being sexy is an asset.
Queen Victoria|The important thing is not what they think of me, but what I think of them
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|Wizard Howl," said Wizard Suliman. "I must apologize for trying to bite you so often. In the normal way, I wouldn't dream of setting teeth in a fellow countryman.
Andrew-Knox B Kaniki|A leader or president that never rebukes violence, is like one that takes utter pride in it's rage
Mohiro Kitoh, Bokurano: Ours, Vol. 9|Ever two seconds, somewhere in the world, a child dies of starvation. That means every two seconds there is a story where the main character dies. That's a lot of horrible stories. So if my death looks like a sad story to someone else, I hope those people will use their imagination to think of all the children who don't get special deaths.
Marcel Schlumberge|I was sufficiently recovered from my nervous condition – or else the booze was beginning to work – to be able to discuss with Rudi the merits of checked or striped trousers, which had been the great debate among the London nobs that year. I was a check-er myself, having the height and leg for it, but Rudi thought they looked bumpkinish, which only shows what damned queer taste they had in Austria in those days. Of course, if you’ll put up with Metternich you’ll put up with anything.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I didn’t even have a name for her, shade or human, but I didn’t need one to know her. (Eric)
David Ben-Gurion|The American Revolution and Declaration of Independence, it has often been argued, were fueled by the most radical of all American political ideas.
Guy de Maupassant, Alien Hearts|By nature independent, gay, even exuberant, seductively responsive and given to those spontaneous sallies that sparkle in the conversation of certain daughters of Paris who seem to have inhaled since childhood the pungent breath of the boulevards laden with the nightly laughter of audiences leaving theaters, Madame de Burne's five years of bondage had nonetheless endowed her with a singular timidity which mingled oddly with her youthful mettle, a great fear of saying too much, of going to far, along with a fierce yearning for emancipation and a firm resolve never again to compromise her freedom.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discover Uncover and Recover All: The Ziklag Experience|God does not call the "qualified" but qualifies the called
|In you lies the courage and perseverance to endure and conquer any battle. But the question is, are your frequent thoughts cheering for your victory or constantly focusing on your weaknesses?
Eknath Easwaran, Take Your Time: How to Find Patience, Peace, and Meaning|Attention can be trained very naturally, with affection, just as you train a puppy. When something distracts your attention, you say “Come back” and bring it back again. With a lot of training, you can teach your mind to come running back to you when you call, just like a friendly pup.
Sarah Waters|Love is the best drug, bar none.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Well, the gondola operator—whose name was ‘Happy,’ I might add—failed to inform me that about sixty seconds into the trip, the floor under the section of car I was standing on was going to slide away.Turns out it was a really useful way of finding out which of the passengers suffers from acute acrophobia.
Ronald Reagan, The Quest for Peace, the Cause of Freedom|We welcome change and openness; for we believe that freedom and security go together, that the advance of human liberty can only strengthen the cause of world peace.
Shannon L. Alder|Marriage is the beginning of love for your spouse, not the result of it.
Cassandra Clare|What makes you think that Valentine's change of plans had anything to do with your brother?" "Because only Jace can piss someone off that much.
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|You have it on your noise, but you still need a glass to see it... We need others to admit our faults.
Jude Watson, Nowhere to Run|Now, now.” I placed a hand on his back. “Jealousy colors you black, Geoff. If you wanted to be a pretty princess too, I would have bought you a crown. I’ll be back soon.
Rhi Etzweiler, Blacker than Black|Socrates told us, "the unexamined life is not worth living." I think he's calling for curiosity, more than knowledge. In every human society at all times and at all levels, the curious are at the leading edge.
Kevin Rudd|I see taking care of my emotional and mental health in the same way that I see taking care of a garment: After it's been through wear and tear, it needs attention.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Yesterday, today, tomorrow and maybe forever, living and leaving without you.
Thelma Ritter|By being friends with all, we are not alone.
Soul Dancer, Pay Me What I'm Worth|Promises, like gardens need weeding from time to time to produce healthy results.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Never stretch your neck to see who is not doing it big. Look into your bosom, and realize that you can do it bigger! Go, create a brighter picture!
Reggie M. Kidd, With One Voice: Discovering Christ's Song in Our Worship|A theology that cannot be sung is not worth having.... Authentic Christian faith is not merely believed. Nor is it merely acted upon. It is sung - with utter joy sometimes, in uncontrollable tears sometimes, but it is sung.
Sara Sheridan|I am a storyteller, not a historian, and it's my ambition to create something compelling - something unputdownable and riveting - that chimes with the real history but is, in fact, fiction.
Mara Amberly, Feathers, Dreams and Faerie Wings: An Art and Poetry Collection|Angel!I whirled round. 'No! Don't you Angel me, Marcus Cohen! You've treated me like dirt-suspicious ever sinds we met. Testing me is the final straw. You've never thought about how your behaviour affects me-not once. You never understood that all I wanted was to be allowed to love you.
Stephen Cope, The Wisdom of Yoga: A Seeker's Guide to Extraordinary Living|Quoting from Thomas MertonDialogues With SilenceThe true contemplative is not one who prepares his mind for a particular message that he wants or expects to hear, but is one who remains empty because he knows that he can never expect to anticipate the words that will transform his darkness into light. He does not even anticipate a special kind of transformation. He does not demand light instead of darkness. He waits on the Word of God in silence, and, when he is answered it is not so much by a word that bursts into his silence. It is by his silence itself, suddenly, inexplicably revealing itself to him as a word of great power, full of the voice of God. (17)
Tiesto|I never wanted to be the most famous, the most beautiful, the most extravagant.
John Maynard Keynes|If Churchill recommends optimism, who are you or I to quibble?
John F. Kennedy|For your own self-respect and sanity, your creative freedom, you have to be careful that you don't rely too much on other people's opinions of what you do because it can stunt and inhibit you.
Hollace M. Metzger|I believe the visionaries and true reflections of society will be rewarded after their lives. Those being rewarded now are giving the public what it needs now, usually applauding its current state and clearing consciences.
Miguel de Unamuno|Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Saturday Big Tent Wedding Party|He could not blame the Army, Angelo could blame the Army; Angelo hated the Army. But he didnt hate the Army, not even now. He remembered what Maureen had told him once that it was the system that was at fault. But he could not even blame the system, because the system was not anything, it was only a kind of accumulation of everybody, and you could not blame everybody, not unless you wanted the blame to become diluted into a meaningless term, a just nothing. Besides, this system here in this country was the best system the world had ever produced, wasnt it? This system was by far and above the best system anywhere else in the world today. He felt if he did not find somebody to blame pretty soon he would hate everybody.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To live the extraordinary ecstasy of a good rest, all you have to do is to get very tired!
Laura Hillenbrand|... I was perturbed by the suspicion that the anguish of love contemned was alloyed in her broken heart with the pangs, sordid in my young mind, of wounded vanity. I had not yet learnt how contradictory is human nature; I did not know how much pose there is in the sincere. how much baseness in the noble, nor how much goodness in the reprobate.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|It's hard to see where we're going since it's now dark, and I wonder if in some ironic twist of fate, we'll soar over the cliff without even realizing it. Like the universe's final joke: you can't plan your death, even when you try.
Munia Khan|Even a heart of a kitten is reliable, if you know how to rely on
F. Willis Johnson|Where there are people, there is injustice, and that is not God’s design. It may not be our fault, but it is our fight. Let us do our part by holding up our corners.
Deyth Banger|Be careful how you use your words, how you build them and how people will understand them!?
Scotty McCreery, I Love You This Big|One of the biggest mistakes girls can make concerning their romantic life is sitting around waiting for their prince to find them, rather than getting out there and finding him themselves.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|What an odd thing it is to see an entire species -- billions of people -- playing with, listening to meaningless tonal patterns, occupied and preoccupied for much of their time by what they call 'music.' (-- The Overlords, from Arthur C. Clarke's Childhood's End)
Lady Gaga|If you believe in equality, if you believe in standing up for the rights of all, especially for people most affected by bigotry and discrimination, then you have no choice but to be present and accounted for when it comes to standing up for gays and lesbians in our society.
Leslie Jamison, The Gin Closet|Right, what's there possibly to worry about?" she said. "Just some surgery in the garage with a drunk doctor."Little miss," said Doc, pointing a finger at Cass. "I'm drinking. I'm not drunk. There's a difference." He took another sip from his cup. "But in another ten minutes or so, that might change, so you should stop stalling.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Eyes speak louder than words; life is precious; hate is poison; God is the best of all possible friends; silence and time are valuable treasures; happiness can be just as powerful in pretend; and soft licorice is a temptation in any color, especially exotic black.
Michael Hirst|Kevin", his father began, "I've been thinking about it – I guess I was kind of carried away. It's just that I've waited so long for my old school to make it to the Regionals... I suppose I was living it vicariously through you. Keith says you're not going to fail, after all. Is that right?""Looks like I'll make it. I know it's hard to believe...""Yes, it is. I was hoping you could get a football scholarship, you know. Something to waive the entrance requirements, because I don't know what college would take you-""Yeah. Thanks a lot Dad," Kevin said sarcastically. He already knew what his father thought of him and didn't need to be reminded yet again."Oh, come on. You know perfectly well that you're too stupid to-""That's not what my boyfriend says. Oh, by the way, Dad – I'm a faggot. Did I mention that?""... Kevin – get your stuff, and get out.""Gladly.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I don't want a rainbow... Rainbows have too many colors and none of them receive the appreciation they deserve... I'd prefer a fading red or a striking golden, a shimmery silver or a sober blue... Ruling the sunset sky alone!
Dada Bhagwan|If you say a word against a ‘sensitive’ person, it will have an immediate effect. In reality, words are simply a ‘record’ playing.
Anonymous|The best way to accomplish something is to just do it, and then find the courage afterwards.
C.G. Jung|As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light of meaning in the darkness of mere being.
Angela Davis|We were then in a dangerous, helpless situation, exposed daily to perils and death amongst savages and wild beasts, not a white man in the country but ourselves.
Richard Louv|If I feel good about my parenting, I have no interest in judging other people's choices. If I feel good about my body, I don't go around making fun of other people's weight or appearance. We're hard on each other because we're using each other as a launching pad out of our own perceived deficiency.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|His calm and gentle tone was like an anchor in a ferocious sea, keeping me from drifting into a current of heartache.
Jane Casey, The Last Girl|The Witch 2015, has shown how religion make us, and when does it put us. How just by one religion a lot of people live in the lie!
Scuro Chiaro - Photographer|Writing a book is like raising a child. They are conceived in private, and with hard labor, delivered in due time and given a name. Our own DNA is written all over them, and we pray their life will be a blessing to others.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|The grave's a fine and private place,But none, I think, do there embrace.
Ray Anyasi, How to Terrorize Terrorism: a more effective answer to global terrorism|Counterinsurgency rests on the assumption that the enemy has significant support in the communities from which it recruits. The aim of counterinsurgency strategy is to deny the enemy any propaganda victories that can further fuel its recruitment. Insurgents must be isolated from their targeted host communities. This requires a combination of psychological, physical and economic warfare, all with the aim of undermining the insurgents’ ideological, operational and financial capabilities.From: Maajid Nawaz's article titled, 'How to Beat Islamic State', December 11th, 2015
Nelson Mandela|One thing I like about boxing is that I will not have to deal with the same kind of politics that I had to in skating. In boxing, it is not about your appearance, or how your costume looks, what color it is, or how much it costs.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The main reason why your company can easily influence you is because "emotion and attitude are stronger than knowledge". What you see can overcome what you know. You can easily damp away what you already know when you are faced with the reality of what your senses tell you to do!
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|No connection is always easy or free of strife, no matter how many minutes a day we meditate. It’s how we relate to conflict, as well as to our differing needs and expectations, that makes our relationships sustainable.
H28, Dark|Julian smiled back, his full lips pulled back over white teeth as he rolled the blanket back a little bit. “Is he really a heart breaker?” 	“I’m the breakiest of heart breakers,” Leo interjected, his tone deadpan as he dumped a handful of greens into the pot on the stove. 	Julian wrinkled his nose. “That’s not even a word,” He complained and fell into a sulky silence from his place on the bed.
David McCullough, John Adams|Remove yourself, sir!
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Up rose the ghosts of parties, of themselves when they were younger, too dumb to understand they were ecstatic.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|It is well known that stone can think, because the whole of electronics is based on that fact, but in some universes men spend ages looking for other intelligences in the sky without once looking under their feet. That is because they've got the time-span all wrong. From stone's point of view the universe is hardly created and mountain ranges are bouncing up and down like organ-stops while continents zip backward and forward in general high spirits, crashing into each other from the sheer joy of momentum and getting their rocks off. It is going to be quite some time before stone notices its disfiguring skin disease and starts to scratch, which is just as well.
Michael Bassey Johnson|In this world, you have to die to find peace.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|She doesn't understand that doors, walls, fences, ceilings - they're helpless to keep out what determinedly desires to get in.
Scott Stabile|We rarely find answers in the distractions. But oh what possibilities live within the quiet of solitude.In my fear to be alone,I distracted myself away from the deep beauty of my own solitude.
Dorothea Dix|Come what may, all bad fortune is to be conquered by endurance.
Calvin Wade, Forever Is Over|‎"The days are hot and the dead lie unburied. We cannot fetch them all in, if we did we should not know what to do with them. The shells will bury them...
Georges St-Pierre|I think a lot of people have lost respect for the individual, you know, the individual, the person who doesn't conform.
Dada Bhagwan|When others try to provoke (instigate) you and you don’t get provoked, it is known as a spiritual victory.
David Mazzucchelli|This was how the world ended. Not with a bang, but with a whimper.
Wendy Blight, Living So That: Making Faith-Filled Choices in the Midst of a Messy Life|There are good theological reasons to reject making authorial intention the goal of the interpretation of Scripture. First, we must recognize that what has traditionally been considered authoritative for the church is Scripture, not the intentions, real or imagined, of the original authors. Yes, Christian interpreters throughout history have talked about what Paul or some other biblical writer may have meant to say, but that has traditionally not been taken to limit the meaning of the text to that intention. Thus, even if the psalmist intended to speak of David or some other king of ancient Israel, the church has always considered it legitimate to interpret the psalm as referring also—or even only or supremely—to Christ. Even if the human authors did not intend to affirm the Trinity in the first century, the church may legitimately interpret Scripture in Trinitarian terms. The church has traditionally not located the site of inspiration to be in the mind of the human author but in the text of Scripture itself. The shift to concentrating on the intentions of the human author is something that only happened in the modern era, with the rise of historical criticism.
C.W. Gortner, The Confessions of Catherine de Medici|To vice, innocence must always seem only a superior kind of chicanery.
Oscar Wilde|In war, the strong make slaves of the weak, and in peace the rich makes slaves of the poor.
CJ Quinn|The Prophecy:"The Chosen one possesses a giftThat Lucempest needs in order to make a shift.To provide pure sacred lifeAs a concession for his land's strife.If the human soloth seizes wrathThis will be the altercation restraining Lucempest fromlaunching on his wicked path.If the Chosen One learns the way,He will prevent his land from having a great debt to pay.When Ira (wrath) vanishes from Lucempest's landHealing will ensue as a component of the great plan.If Lucempest prevails in acquiring his blood as a giftIt will be the beginning of a vast rift.He will offer the Chosen One's blood to the treeWhich will allow him control, and no land to be free.If The Chosen One prevailsThe tree will offer wisdom, and Lucempest will fail.There are sextet other saligias to remove.Avarita (greed), Acedia (sloth), Superbia (pride), Luxuria (lust), Invidia (envy), and Gula (gluttony) in order to improve.These septet saligias must be replaced with septet giftsSapientia (wisdom), Intellectus (understanding), Consilio (council), Fortitudo (fortitude), Scientia (knowledge), Pietas (piety), and Timor Domini (wonder and awe), in order to create vital shifts.
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|I’m not out to compete with any one, I’m here to complete, by encouraging and inspiring souls through a text at a time
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Galápagos|Everything was a metaphor; all things were something other than themselves. The pain, for example, was an ocean, and he was adrift on it. His body was a city and his mind a citadel. All communications between the two seemed to have been cut, but within the keep that was his mind he still had power. The part of his consciousness that was telling him the pain did not hurt, and that all things were like other things, was like...like...he found it hard to think of a comparison. A magic mirror, maybe.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|Ideas are powerful things; we should take more care with them. I know there are some who would disagree - those who think ideas are like food they can taste and spit out if they don't like it. But ideas are stronger than that. You can get a taste of an idea inside you, and the next thing you know, it won't leave. Until you do something about it.
Octavio Paz, The Blue Bouquet|Night air has the strangest flavourSpace to breathe it - time to savourAll that night air has to lend meTil the morning makes me angryIn the night air, the night air.I've acquired a kind of madnessDaylight fills my heart with sadnessAnd only silent skies can soothe meFeel that night air flowing through me In the night air, the night air.I don't need those car-crash coloursI control the stars above usClose my eyes to make the night fallThe comfort of world revolvingI can hear the earth in orbitIn the night air, in the night air.I've acquired a taste for silencedarkness fills my heart with calmnessand each thought like a thief is drivento steal the night air from the heavensIn the night air, in the night air...
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|We Humanists behave as well as we can, without any expectation of rewards or punishments in an Afterlife. We serve as best we can the only abstraction with which we have any real familiarity, which is our community.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|...[A]s much as she burned to come, she wanted Olive to know without a doubt that this—that they—were about more than sex. She whispered, “On that note, I haven’t forgotten that I owe you a very fancy, very private dinner date.” Clearly pleased by the comment, Olive caught a lock of her hair and gave it a playful tug. “As much as I appreciate that, right now you’re all I want to eat...Kate groaned at the sensation of yet more wetness seeping from her body, drawn out by Olive’s blunt language and the slight pain of having her hair pulled. She ducked out of Olive’s grip, shooting her a mock dirty look. “Keep doing that and you’ll really have a mess to contend with.” “Promise?” Olive’s eyes flashed with pure, sinful mischief. “Now will you please sit on my face already?
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|About a third of my cases are suffering from no clinically definable neurosis, but from the senselessness and emptiness of their lives. This can be defined as the general neurosis of our times.
Lois McMaster Bujold, CryoBurn|On an important decision one rarely has 100% of the information needed for a good decision no matter how much one spends or how long one waits. And, if one waits too long, he has a different problem and has to start all over. This is the terrible dilemma of the hesitant decision maker.
Franz Kafka|My health is only just good enough for myself alone, not good enough for marriage, let alone fatherhood. Yet when I read your letter, I feel I could overlook even what cannot possibly be overlooked.
Ashley Montagu, Science and Creationism|The scientist believes in proof without certainty, the bigot in certainty without proof.
John Fowles, The Collector|Do you know that every great thing in the history of art and every beautiful thing in life is actually what you call nasty or has been caused by feelings that you would call nasty? By passion, by love, by hatred, by truth. Do you know that?
March McCarron, Division of the Marked|Mr. Paggle lifted his own ale in the air. “What shall we toast to?”“Yarrow’s right hook?” Peer said.“Bray’s unladylike nerve?” Arlow suggested.“To new friends,” Yarrow said.“New friends,” they agreed. Their glasses clinked merrily.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|The door that closed kept us from entering a room, but what now lies before us is the rest of reality.
Hilary Mantel|Each day as I travel through downtown Tucson, I am amazed at how quickly the most ancient of human behaviors have changed. For as long as there have been Homo sapiens - roughly 200,000 years - people have filled their lives principally with two activities: talking directly with other people, and doing physical things.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|Life wasn't too bad. The trouble with Man was, even while he was having a good time, he didn't appreciate it. Why, thought Milligan, this very moment might be the happiest in me life. The very thought of it made him miserable.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party|We are the masters of our own destinies, and only we can allow our hearts to be filled, and enable our souls to be happy. No amount of power or mercy can change a heart from empty to whole, or change the end of a will from everlasting sadness to eternal joy.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Self-care is a deliberate choice to gift ourself with people, places, things, events, and opportunities that recharge our personal battery and promote whole health—body, mind, and spirit.
Nancy B. Brewer|Papa was our strength and the very fiber that wove our family together. He was our foundation and our rock, but even rocks, break, given enough stress.
Michelle Geaney|A Decalogue of Canons for Observation in Practical Life:1. Never put off to tomorrow what you can do to-day.2. Never trouble another with what you can do yourself.3. Never spend your money before you have it.4. Never buy a thing you do not want, because it is cheap, it will be dear to you.5. Take care of your cents: Dollars will take care of themselves.6. Pride costs us more than hunger, thirst and cold.7. We never repent of having eat too little.8. Nothing is troublesome that one does willingly.9. How much pain have cost us the evils which have never happened.10. Take things always by their smooth handle.11. Think as you please, and so let others, and you will have no disputes.12. When angry, count 10. before you speak; if very angry, 100.
Rachel Caine|Now we're in the middle of a three-sided vampire war. Which would be an awesome video game, but I'm really not interested in playing for real. I like my reset buttons.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|The sun came out, warm on my back through my white school blouse.the streets were familiar, past the old tannery, the Jet garage. Past the Asian corner shop with rainbow jars of Kayli, gobstoppers and sherbert love hearts. I was in love with Frankie.
Ursula Burns|Laziness in my biggest pet peeve of all time. Get up, make a plan, do the work, and love yourself, people!
Alice Hoffman, Blackbird House|Sometimes they would sit in the parlor together, both reading – in entirely separate worlds, to be sure, but joined somehow. When this happened, other people in the family couldn't bring themselves to disturb them. All that could be heard in the parlor was the sound of pages, turning.
Al Lewis|My mom was a terrible parent of young children. And thank God - I thank God every time I think of it - I was sent to my paternal grandmother. Ah, but my mother was a great parent of a young adult.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|Where you go, I shall go; where you die, I shall die, and there will I be buried.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped by Robert Louis Stevenson, Fiction, Classics, Action & Adventure|Alan," cried I, "what makes ye so good to me? What makes ye care for such a thankless fellow?"Deed, and I don't, know" said Alan. "For just precisely what I thought I liked about ye, was that ye never quarrelled:—and now I like ye better!
Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption: A Story from Different Seasons|It always comes down to just two choices. Get busy living, or get busy dying.
Cornell Woolrich, Deadline at Dawn|She turned and walked down the musty, dimly-lighted corridor, along a strip of carpeting that still clung together only out of sheer stubbornness of skeletal weave. Doors, dark, oblivious, inscrutable, sidling by; enough to give you the creeps just to look at them. All hope gone from them, and from those who passed in and out through them. Just one more row of stopped-up orifices in this giant honeycomb that was the city. Human beings shouldn't have to enter such doors, shouldn't have to stay behind them. No moon ever entered there, no stars, no anything at all. They were worse than the grave, for in the grave is absence of consciousness. And God, she reflected, ordered the grave, for all of us; but God didn't order such burrows in a third-class New York City hotel.
Alfred Adler|Maybe this is kind of cliche, but animals, well, dogs, are what I do for a living. One reason I like spending time with them so much is they seem to think people are really good. They live with us, and obey our rules, most of which make no sense to them. And the main reason they do it is because they like us. When I watch them, sometimes I'm so blow away by how enthusiastic they are about everything we do that I have to go out and buy them something squeaky or chewy. Just because I love proving to them that it's not a mistake to see the world as a great benevolent place. I hope one day to react to something with as much pure ecstasy as I see in Chuck's face every time I throw the ball. Sometimes he looks so happy, it reminds me of the way blind people smile way too big because they can't see themselves. And if none of this links to anything in you, well... I think you don't know who I am.
Thomas Bailey Aldrich|Let age, not envy, draw wrinkles on thy cheeks.
Tammara Webber, Easy|In a world where thrushes sing and willow trees are golden in the spring, boredom should have been included among the seven deadly sins.
Benito Mussolini, The Doctrine of Fascism|Antidemocracy, executive predominance, and elite rule are basic elements of inverted totalitarianism. Antidemocracy does not take the form of overt attacks upon the idea of government by the people. Instead, politically it means encouraging what I have earlier dubbed “civic demobilization,” conditioning an electorate to being aroused for a brief spell, controlling its attention span, and then encouraging distraction or apathy. The intense pace of work and the extended working day, combined with job insecurity, is a formula for political demobilization, for privatizing the citizenry. It works indirectly. Citizens are encouraged to distrust their government and politicians; to concentrate upon their own interests; to begrudge their taxes; and to exchange active involvement for symbolic gratifications of patriotism, collective self-righteousness, and military prowess. Above all, depoliticization is promoted through society’s being enveloped in an atmosphere of collective fear and of individual powerlessness: fear of terrorists, loss of jobs, the uncertainties of pension plans, soaring health costs, and rising educational expenses.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|Have you ever experienced a beauty of soul, an esthetic grace, that was so intense it made you want to cry?"From Central Park Song ( A Screenplay )
Rebecca Solnit|I am not averse to politics, but that does not mean that I am going to join politics.
Sara  Humphreys, The Good, the Bad, and the Vampire|Dakota started laughing. "You wouldn't have anything back there to help me tame a punk-rock wild child with a disdain for cowboys, would you?
Isabella Bird|Clean water is a great example of something that depends on energy. And if you solve the water problem, you solve the food problem.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Lovable products, services, and companies are disrupting entire industries. They are changing the world.
Stormie Omartian, The Miracle of Christmas: 15 Inspirational Stories to Read Through the Advent Season|Ma!" she cried. "There is a Santa Claus, isn't there?""Of course there's a Santa Claus," said Ma. "The older you are, the more you know about Santa Claus," she said. "You are so big now, you know he can't be just one man, don't you? You know he is everywhere on Christmas Eve. He is in the Big Woods, and in Indian Territory, and far away in York State, and here. He comes down all the chimneys at the same time. You know that, don't you?""Yes, Ma," said Mary and Laura."Well," said Ma. "Then you see--""I guess he is like angels," Mary said, slowly. And Laura could see that, just as well as Mary could.Then Ma told them something else about Santa Claus. He was everywhere, and besides that, he was all the time.Whenever anyone was unselfish, that was Santa Claus.Christmas Eve was the time when everybody was unselfish. On that one night, Santa Claus was everywhere, because everybody, all together, stopped being selfish and wanted other people to be happy. And in the morning you saw what that had done."If everybody wanted everybody else to be happy all the time, then would it be Christmas all the time?" Laura asked, and Ma said, "Yes, Laura.
John Connolly, The Wolf in Winter|Most undercover cops are vastly skilled at compartmentalization. It is a talent as valued as lying. They seal off their real feelings and create imitation emotions. Easily torn down when it's time to show the badge, drag someone downtown, and sit across from him in an interrogation cell and tell him how fucked he is now.
Ally Sheedy|To reach something good it is very useful to have gone astray, and thus acquire experience.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The strongest principle of personal development is every person’s ability to make conscious decisions how to act and determine what purpose he or she attempts to fulfill. People with a fixed mindset believe that their basic personal qualities such as intelligence, talent, and other skills are traits that are predetermined or fixed and they ignore opportunities for personal development. A person’s growth mindset represents a belief that there are certain basic qualities that a person can cultivate through applied effort, if they exhibit a passion for learning, a resolute willingness to stretch their personality, and through fortitude make personal improvement despite experiencing initial hardships.
Emily Dickinson, The Works of Emily Dickinson|O Moon that rid'st the night to wakeBefore the dawn is pale,The hamadryad in the brake,The Satyr in the vale,Caught in thy net of shadowsWhat dreams hast thou to show?Who treads the silent meadowsTo worship thee below?The patter of the rain is hushed,The wind's wild dance is done,Cloud-mountains ruby-red were flushedAbout the setting sun:And now beneath thy argent beamThe wildwood standeth still,Some spirit of an ancient dreamBreathes from the silent hill.Witch-Goddess Moon, thy spell invokesThe Ancient Ones of night,Once more the old stone altar smokes,The fire is glimmering bright.Scattered and few thy children be,Yet gather we unknownTo dance the old round merrilyAbout the time-worn stone.We ask no Heaven, we fear no Hell,Nor mourn our outcast lot,Treading the mazes of a spellBy priests and men forgot.
A.E. Samaan|If God were mortal and had but one life to give, he would have been more careful about how he created the world.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you can't PRAY for the peace your church, PROMOTE the Christian doctrines, PREPARE for every good work and PROVIDE for the expansion of the Church, you are just like the PEWS (table and chairs) in the chapel.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Birth of Tragedy|Women problems, huh?” Mac asked.“She’s more than a problem.” Adrian massaged his temples. “She’s…a virus, a lethal one. You know, there’s a rock song about her.” He sipped his whiskey and enjoyed the burning sensation as it trickled down his throat. “It’s called Poison.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I was born to become victorious, to become a model, to inspire others and to become a leader.
Brooks Atkinson|People of small caliber are always carping. They are bent on showing their own superiority, their knowledge or prowess or good breeding.
Jack Horner|Living in the moment, thinking about the future, and staying connected to the past: That's what makes me feel whole.
Jorge Amado, Tent of Miracles|Not even God who made us all can kill everybody at once. He kills people one by one, and the more he kills the more people are gonna be born and grow up and go on being born and growing up and mixing, and no son-of-a-bitch is gonna stop 'em!
Greg Carlisle, Elegant Complexity: A Study of David Foster Wallace's Infinite Jest|If, by the virtue of charity or the funded Ennet House, you will acquire many exotic new facts. You will find out that once MA’s Department of Social Services has taken a mother’s children away for any period of time, they can always take them away again, D.S.S ., like at will, empowered by nothing more than a certain signature-stamped form. I.e. once deemed Unfit— no matter why or when, or what’s transpired in the meantime— there’s nothing a mother can do.(...)That a little-mentioned paradox of Substance addiction is: that once you are sufficiently enslaved by a Substance to need to quit the Substance in order to save your life, the enslaving Substance has become so deeply important to you that you will all but lose your mind when it is taken away from you. Or that sometime after your Substance of choice has just been taken away from you in order to save your life, as you hunker down for required A.M. and P.M. prayers , you will find yourself beginning to pray to be allowed literally to lose your mind, to be able to wrap your mind in an old newspaper or something and leave it in an alley to shift for itself, without you.(...)That certain persons simply will not like you no matter what you do. Then that most nonaddicted adult civilians have already absorbed and accepted this fact, often rather early on.(...)That evil people never believe they are evil, but rather that everyone else is evil. That it is possible to learn valuable things from a stupid person. That it takes effort to pay attention to any one stimulus for more than a few seconds.(...)That it is statistically easier for low-IQ people to kick an addiction than it is for high-IQ people.(...)That you will become way less concerned with what other people think of you when you realize how seldom they do.(...)That most Substance -addicted people are also addicted to thinking, meaning they have a compulsive and unhealthy relationship with their own thinking. That the cute Boston AA term for addictive -type thinking is: Analysis-Paralysis. That 99% of compulsive thinkers’ thinking is about themselves; that 99% of this self-directed thinking consists of imagining and then gettingready for things that are going to happen to them; and then, weirdly, that if they stop to think about it, that 100% of the things they spend 99% of their time and energy imagining and trying to prepare for all the contingencies and consequences of are never good.(...)That other people can often see things about you that you yourself cannot see, even if those people are stupid.(...)That certain sincerely devout and spiritually advanced people believe that the God of their understanding helps them find parking places and gives them advice on Mass. Lottery numbers.
Hiram Rhodes Revels|When I first drove my car down Sunset Strip, I nearly crashed my car gazing at the monolithic ads of various celebrities. They are bigger than King Kong, and more frightening.
Toba Beta|Smartass Disciple: Master, what is the secret recipe of your happiness?Master of Stupidity: If I tell you, there is nobody left to be made fun of.
Jerald Ooi|After American titan and presidential father Joseph P. Kennedy suffered a stroke that impacted one side of his body, guests pretended not to notice the impact. Jackie Kennedy, however, held the impacted hand and kissed the affected side of his face, facing his disability and giving him the courage to do so.
Flea|In Egypt, every family is suffering from the deteriorated schooling and university system of the Mubarak regime. What families want most of all is to secure a good education for their children.
Dan Jenkins|Religion is the best antidote to the individualism of the consumer age. The idea that society can do without it flies in the face of history and, now, evolutionary biology.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Right, I totally forgot. I can’t wait to taste the flummery.”“I’m not sure if I want to know what that is,” Manning said.“It’s a sort of jelly, but made into a mold that is shaped like a castle or a tower or just a”—Debbie Mae wiggled one hand—“big wobbly thing. The ragout of veal will be a hit, I’m sure. And the Roman punch will have to be changed a little bit. It’s usually lemon water and hot syrup with a lot of rum.
Alice Pung, Her Father's Daughter|Life is worth living and no matter what it throws at you it is important to keep your eyes on the prize of the happiness that will come. Even when the Death Railway reduced us to little more than animals, humanity in the shape of our saintly medical officers triumphed over barbarism.Remember, while it always seems darkest before the dawn, perseverance pays off and the good times will return.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|If your nationality is lost, nothing is lost – if your religion is lost, nothing is lost – if your ethnicity is lost, nothing is lost – but if your character is lost, then you are more lost than Donald Trump.
A.G. Howard, Ensnared|The moment Noah came up behind me and kissed the side of my neck, I was torn between leaning into him and skirting away. Every muscle in my body screamed to fall into him.
John Jewel|To comprehend the Wisdom of this Injunction the better, and explain the Duty before us, it should be considered, that Government is the only Means by which human Happiness can be attained.
René Girard, Battling to the End: Conversations with Benoît Chantre|Pacifists have usually regarded the use of violence as absolutely wrong, irrespective of its consequences. This, like other ‘no matter what’ prohibitions, assumes the validity of the distinction between acts and omissions. Without this distinction, pacifists who refuse to use violence when it is the only means of preventing greater violence would be responsible for the greater violence they fail to prevent.
Amy Sommers, A bit of rubbish about a Brick and a Blanket|There is much more to wealth than simply a bank account with many zeros. A well-balanced, whole life is made up of wealth and success that comes from many facets; family, friends, work, faith, it is the complete person who works on each of these areas and creates the whole,
Widad Akreyi|This level of operational and organisational perfection for a body that has a scourge as unpredictable as terrorism to deal with is nearly utopian, but it is what GATA must strive to reach, a pursuit that must be written in its DNA.
Angela Nagle, Kill All Normies: Online Culture Wars from 4chan and Tumblr to Trump and the Alt-Right|The pop culture cliché of the American High School movie, which adapted old archetypes, depicted a social world in which the worst sexists were always the all brawn no brains sports jock. But now that the online world has given us a glimpse into the inner lives of others, one of the surprising revelations is that it is the nerdish self-identifying nice guy who could never get the girl who has been exposed as the much more hate-filled, racist, misogynist who is insanely jealous of the happiness of others.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|If Jesus has to do it all over again, there will be more people shouting "Crucify him".You are not here to make the world a better place. Mark 15:13
William J. Clinton|Inventions have long since reached their limit, and I see no hope for further development.
Victor LaValle|A man can be drawn across the room with the simplicity of a smile. That's why your pearly whites should always be straight and shiny. I think most of my clients are drawn to a fun, flirty nature in a woman. The problem is, most women do not often feel fun and flirty.
Ronnie McBrayer, Leaving Religion, Following Jesus|I reflected on other victims I had met and how they were raped right on the altars of their own churches. Some of them were altar boys, and they were abused before or after mass. An altar boy walked right in front of us as we sat there. I began to shake, sweat, and become very uneasy. I felt frozen in my seat.
Anonymous|"Honesty" without compassion and understanding is not honesty  but subtle hostility.
Robin Paul Wood|I repeat here what you will find in my first chapter, that the only thing that signifies to you in a book is what it means to you, and if your opinion is at variance with that of everyone else in the world it is of no consequence. Your opinion is valid for you. In matters of art people, especially, I think, in America, are apt to accept willingly from professors and critics a tyranny which in matters of government they would rebel against. But in these questions there is no right and wrong. The relation between the reader and his book is as free and intimate as that between the mystic and his God. Of all forms of snobbishness the literary is perhaps the most detestable, and there is no excuse for the fool who despises his fellow-man because he does not share his opinion of the value of a certain book. Pretence in literary appreciation is odious, and no one should be ashamed if a book that the best critics think highly of means nothing to him. On the other hand it is better not to speak ill of such books if you have not read them.
Chris Hedges, I Don't Believe in Atheists|The Koran is empathetic about the rights of other religions to practice their own beliefs. It unequivocally condemns attacks on civilians as a violation of Islam. It states that suicide, of any type, is an abomination. The tactic of suicide bombing, equated by many of the new atheists with Islam, did not arise from the Muslim world. This kind of terror, in fact, has its roots in radical Western ideologies, especially Leninism, not religion. And it was the Tamil Tigers, a Marxist group that draws its support from the Hindu families of the Tamil regions of Sri Lanka, which invented the suicide vest for their May 1991 suicide assassination of Rajiv Gandhi.Suicide bombing is what you do when you do not have artillery or planes or missiles and you want to create maximum terror for an occupying power. It was used by secular anarchists in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries. They bequeathed to us the first version of the car bomb: a horse-drawn wagon laden with explosives that was ignited on September 16, 1920, on Wall Street. The attack was carried out by Mario Buda, an Italian immigrant, in protest over the arrest of the anarchists Sacco and Vanzetti. It left 40 people dead and wounded more than 200.Suicide bombing was adopted later by Hezbollah, al-Qaeda and Hamas. But even in the Middle East, suicide bombing is not restricted to Muslims. In Lebanon during the suicide attacks in the 1980s against French, American and Israeli targets, only eight suicide bombings were carried out by Islamic fundamentalists. Twenty-seven were the work of communists and socialists. Three were carried out by Christians.
Ronnie Oldham|It was one of those pictures that children are supposed to like but don't. Full of endearing little animals doing endearing things, you know?
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|Citizen's arrest," he said. "Well, that, and Patch told me to.
Susan Cain|I hesitate to use a pathologizing label, but underneath the so-called narcissistic personality is definitely shame and the paralyzing fear of being ordinary.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Teach me, O Lord, to glory in my cross. Teach me the value of my thorns. Show me how I have climbed to You through my path of pain. Show me that it is through my tears that I have seen rainbows.
Matt Damon|You meet people in Hollywood that are famous, and you're not sure what they got famous for.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|Who has not remarked the readiness with which the closest of friends and honestest of men suspect and accuse each other of cheating when they fall out on money matters? Everybody does it. Everybody is right, I suppose, and the world is a rogue.
Aimee Carter, The Goddess Test|I care," he said in a trembling voice. "I care so much that I do not know how to tell you without it seeming inconsequential compared to how I feel. Even if I am distant at times and seem as if I do not want to be with you, it is only because this scares me, too.
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|When a course of action is forced upon you it’s best to accept it with grace and milk it for whatever you can get, right up to the moment the first opportunity to weasel out of the deal presents itself.
Edward Steichen|When that shutter clicks, anything else that can be done afterward is not worth consideration.
Natalie   Perry, Dad #1, Dad #2: A Queerspawn View from the Closet|I asked my dad, “If we were going to have two dads, should we call you Dad Number One and Dad Number Two?
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|Some people, weak people, fear solitude. What they fail to understand is that there’s something very liberating about it; once you realize that you don’t need anyone, you can take care of yourself. That’s the thing: it’s best just to take care of yourself.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|Nunca habría sido capaz de decírselo, pero Owen me inspiraba. Las mentiras piadosas que yo decía a diario, las cosas que me guardaba, cada vez que no era sincera del todo... ahora me daba cuenta de eso. También era consciente de lo bien que me sentía al ser capaz de decirle a alguien lo que pensaba de veras. Aunque solo fuera sobre música.
Ann-Marie MacDonald|...dread invades the living room, finds her on the couch, presses on her, gets inside her where it swiftly grows bigger than she is until she is inside it, looking out from a rind of shadow.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Why I Am So Wise|Arin, you’re not listening. You’re not thinking clearly.”“You’re right. I haven’t been thinking clearly, not for a long time. But I understand now.” Arin pushed his tiles away. His winning hand scattered out of line. “You have changed, Kestrel. I don’t know who you are anymore. And I don’t want to.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls|Whatever form your body takes from a fierce and healthy lifestyle is a beautiful body. Beauty isn't looking a specific way or having a specific body fat percentage. It just so happens that a fierce and healthy lifestyle forms a slim and athletic body.We who do fitness for the right reasons still end up being judged as superficial just because we end up as slim. When we can't really help it, it's just biology doing its thing.
Amy E. Tobin, Still, Love Remains: God's Crimson Threads of Grace|Living a life of faith is not superficial. You are not simply living in some hurt from the past, trying to be the top dog, or even tying to fulfill a parent inadequacy. No, you are on a unique journey, living each day anew, with freedom to be yourself, with special guidance from above, there is a set purpose to what your doing, and some goal in mind.
Sandeep Kakkar|Forget the adage Win/Win and make a commitment to Learn/Learn. Win/Win is good, but implies an end. Once you win, then what? Learn/Learn creates a paradigm of ongoing value. This creates a Learn/Learn situation. I learn about you and you learn about me. And we learn from each other.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila, Escolios a un texto implicito: Seleccion|You’re mine, Angel. Every last piece of you. I won’t let anything change that.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|Being instinctively lazy, I see no point in working longer hours just to get out of debt !
Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World|For the powerful, crimes are those that others commit.
Nikki Rowe|Ithink we all experience the same thing. We resent thethought that anything can please us when someone we loveis no longer here to share the pleasure with us, and we almostfeel as if we were unfaithful to our sorrow when wefind our interest in life returning to us.
Benjamin Franklin, Poor Richard's Almanack|The Number our envious Persons, confirmation our capability.
Colin Kaepernick|The life of the community, both domestically and internationally, clearly demonstrates that respect for rights, and the guarantees that follow from them, are measures of the common good that serve to evaluate the relationship between justice and injustice, development and poverty, security and conflict.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|How can you seek God if he's already here? It's like standing in the ocean and crying out, 'I want to get wet.' You want to get over the line to God. It turns out he was always there." Francisco's eyes began to gleam. "Grace comes to those who stop struggling. When it really sinks in that there's nothing you can do to find God, he suddenly appears. That's the deepest mystery, the only one that counts.
Stewart L. Udall, The Quiet Crisis And The Next Generation|If you want inner peace, find it in solitude, not speed, and if you would find yourself, look to the land from which you came and to which you go.
Debasish Mridha|We are not in the world, the world is inside us.
Elise Kova, Air Awakens|You have to earn it.' Vhalla didn't know what else to say. She had trusted him, to lead her, to teach her, and he broke that trust. It wasn't as though it was something she could simply start again on command.
Geraldine Solon, The Portrait|An artwork could always be restored and sold with no depreciated value―the cracks and tears provide more character, But when it comes to human emotions, how far could you stretch your heart to let go of the pain?
C. JoyBell C.|We're always taught that God wants us to always only say "I can't do this without You God" , "Whatever your will is God, that's my will too" but God says He is a father, and there is no good father who wants his children to have no will and to think that they can't stand on their own two feet. So maybe what you should be saying is "I can do it" and "I have a strong will, I know what I want." When you think God's left you and wants you to be sitting like a duck, maybe He's actually believing in you, teaching you how to fly.
Evelyn Lauder|For hundreds of millions of Americans who believe in God, prayer is our bridge between Earth and Heaven, our way of opening our hearts to the Lord. Through this intimate relationship we find peace and guidance.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|Caution in handling generally accepted opinions that claim to explain whole trends of history is especially important for the historian of modern times, because the last century has produced an abundance of ideologies that pretend to be keys to history but are actually nothing but desperate efforts to escape responsibility.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|When neurons “talk” to each other clearly, our brain is able to make sense of our lives. We make our wisest decisions when there is nothing obstructing these lines of communication.
Monks of New Skete, In The Spirit of Happiness: A Book of Spiritual Wisdom|...spiritual dryness is not a problem. It only seems a problem because it's such a contrast with the good feelings of the honeymoon stage. ...this night will continue to go on, often getting worse, throughout our life. But if we persevere in our spiritual journey, we will be able to perceive in it positive meaning and learn to understand it. Then we can move beyond it to the freedom that places our feelings in proper perspective.
Anthony Robbins, MONEY Master the Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom|Disappointment can drive us, or it can defeat us.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Make not, when you work a deed of shame, The scoundrel's plea, 'My forbears did the same.
Sarah Blake|Only with a leafcan I talk of the forest,
Kate Bush|I asked a ref if he could give me a technical foul for thinking bad things about him. He said, of course not. I said, well, I think you stink. And he gave me a technical. You can't trust em.
Bill  Vaughn|Every falling leaf reminds me that I too will soon be separated from these trees. Trying to capture freedom is like trying to catch a falling leaf. Occasionally you may grab one out of the air and hold it in your hands, but now what?
Pyreglide|You chase off every man that’s ever been interested, and you do it without even trying.
Beth Ann Fennelly, Great with Child: Letters to a Young Mother|With toddlers around, times are always interesting.
Susan E. Isaacs, Angry Conversations with God: A Snarky but Authentic Spiritual Memoir|The scene [Bruegel's 'Landscape with the Fall of Icarus'] is filled with a vast field, and a cow and a farmer plowing. In the left-hand corner is a tiny ocean the size of a palm, and there, I can barely make it out, the two legs of a man who fell headlong into the sea. This is called the Fall of Icarus. Compared to everyday life, the fall of an idealist who flew too high with candle-wax wings is an unremarkable tragedy.
A. Zampolli|I am only a child yet I know if all money spent on war was spent on finding environmental answers, ending poverty, and binding treaties, what a wonderful place this Earth would be.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Stories|It is dull enough to confuse the eye in following, pronounced enough to constantly irritate and provoke study, and when you follow the lame uncertain curves for a little distance they suddenly commit suicide—plunge off at outrageous angles, destroy themselves in unheard of contradictions.
Virginia Satir|I want to love you without clutching, appreciate you without judging, join you without invading, invite you without demanding, leave you without guilt, criticize you without blaming, and help you without insulting. If I can have the same from you, then we can truly meet and enrich each other.
Seth Shostak|This is what customers pay us for - to sweat all these details so it's easy and pleasant for them to use our computers. We're supposed to be really good at this. That doesn't mean we don't listen to customers, but it's hard for them to tell you what they want when they've never seen anything remotely like it.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|But if God is the flowers and the treesAnd the hills and the sun and the moonlight,Then I believe in him,Then I believe in him all the time,And my whole life is an oration and a mass,And a communion with my eyes and through my ears.
Emily Dickinson|To me, old age is always fifteen years older than I am.
Michael Oher|States get to improve transportation infrastructure; that creates economic development, puts people back to work and, most important, enhances safety and improves local communities.
Anna Kavan, Asylum Piece|The years passed like the steps of a staircase leading lower and lower. I did not walk any more in the sun or hear the songs of larks like crystal fountains playing against the sky. No hand enfolded mine in the warm clasp of love. My thoughts were again solitary, disintegrate, disharmonious – the music gone. I lived alone in a few pleasant rooms, feeling my life run out aimlessly with the tedious hours: the life of an old maid ran out of my fingertips.
Hugh Prather|If the desire to write is not accompanied by actual writing, then the desire must be not to write.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|Mother Earth allows us to live and to walk on her surface, not the other way around.
Criss Jami, Healology|Pride is born as a mountaintop on a valley, but dies as an abyss in which it is too deep and too dark to see the better.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Star light, Star brightFirst star I see tonight…I whispered your name to a star last nightSoftly, yet so boldI closed my eyes, and saw your faceI spoke those words untoldI wish I may, I wish I mightIt shouted from my soulHave this wish, I wish tonightThe wish I can't let go...
Jerome K. Jerome|When I was at Upright Citizens Brigade, I would pretend to be a sad, drunk rapper.
Craig Johnston|To have some idea what it's like, stand in the outside lane of a motorway, get your mate to drive his car at you at 95 mph and wait until he's 12 yards away, before you decide which way to jump.
Robert D. Putnam, Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community|When Thoreau considered "where I live and what I live for," he tied together location and values. Where we live doesn't just change how we live; it informs who we become. Most recently, technology promises us lives on the screen. What values, Thoreau would ask, follow from this new location? Immersed in simulation, where do we live, and what do we live for?
V.I. Arnold|THINK, and do not sacrifice yourself to mathematical magic.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Oh darling, don't be bitter. It's the first instinct of the weak.
Shauna Singh Baldwin, What the Body Remembers|Such indeed was her image, that neither could Shakespeare describe, nor Hogarth paint, nor Clive act, a fury in higher perfection.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|She's as plastic as you are! I'm telling you, it's a bad idea. If the two of you have kids, they'll come out of the birth canal with Fisherprice stamped on their butts!
Alice Hoffman, Property Of|There is no fiercer enemy than a word. A word that can be written down in pages and punctuated by quotation marks and commas and spelled out in contracts and poems and sighs, in old whispers and song lyrics, in promises and vows.
Francis Bacon|For my first fragrance, I wanted to capture the essence of a woman's strength and beauty.
Dada Bhagwan|What is trust? It is when there is no objection in the 'parliament' (comprised of mind, intellect, chit and ego) that is within; when there is agreement amongst all; that is called trust.
Cyril Wong, Below: Absence: Poems|If this turns to friendship, it only meansThat one of us will suffer.That when we meet after the worst of endings,There will only be this skein of words between us—Most of them for boredom, fewer for loneliness—Rising out of our mutual space of breath, leavingBehind a bluer sky each moment of departure.And one of us will cling on to its blue,Hung on partings like a muted cloud, whileThe other rides on a wing of word away from here.
Emily M. Danforth, The Miseducation of Cameron Post|When I date women now, I have learned to simply not care what they think about it. I’m the same person I always have been. Faithful. Dependable. Kind. Sweet. Funny. Awesome. And if they want to discount me because of something as insignificant and irrelevant as me experiencing attraction to men as well, then they don’t get me in their lives. They don’t deserve me.
Elizabeth George|The highest view of the Scriptures is not the one that seeks to make an idol of the Bible (biblicism), but the one that allows the biblical text to exalt Christ as the living Word over all creation. The Word became flesh, not ink.
Gertrude Stein, What Are Masterpieces?|Memory is identity. I have believed this since – oh, since I can remember. You are what you have done; what you have done is in your memory; what you remember defines who you are; when you forget your life you cease to be, even before your death.
Joe Vigil|There are two goddesses in your heard. The Goddess of Wisdom and the Goddess of Wealth. Everyone thinks they need to get wealth first, and wisdom will come. So they concern themselves with chasing money. But they have it backwards. You have to give your heart to the Goddess of Wisdom, giver her all your love and attention, and the Goddess of Wealth will become jealous, and follow you.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, Waiting with God|At times, it can feel like the loneliest place on Earth, because it’s just us. Alone with our unanswered prayers
Natalie Crown, The Wolf's Cry|Kammy jerked upright. It was as though the trees had parted beneath the pressure of the storm and a bolt of lightning had struck her. She had never entered the mouth for it had always been much too small. Yet, she had never seen anything else enter it either. The thought alone made her feel sick with excitement and fear. A small voice told Kammy that such a reaction was ridiculous, it was just a squirrel. But warmth spread to the tips of Kammy’s fingers as they stretched forward. She could see now that it was not a burrow at all, but a tunnel large enough for her to fit through. She was quite sure that she would not even have to bend her head. The same small voice tried to speak again but Kammy could not hear it through the rush of blood in her ears.Kammy stepped inside the mouth of the forest and felt herself flipped upside down.
Eric Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|When we are in Christ His goals are now our goals, and we are to be busy with his work on earth.
Ellen Newhouse, Nothing Ever Goes On Here|After mutual respect and understanding are achieved, it is possible to establish real, sincere relationships, which is the foundation of a solid long-term collaboration.
Peter V. Brett, The Desert Spear|Embrace the pain, Sharum.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The spirit calls, I must surrender.
Lailah Gifty Akita|As soon as you approach the light, the darkness shall fade.
R. N. Prasher|Ah, this dear old planet! All is clear now. We know ourselves; we now know of what we are capable.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|There are a couple of reasons why I take comfort in being able to put all this in my own vernacular and present it to you. For one thing, because then I'm not completely alone with it. And for another, it gives me a sense of being in control of the craziness. Now this is a delusion, but it's MY delusion and I'm sticking with it. It's sort of like: I have problems but problems don't have me.
Francis Collins|I try to not be too hard on myself regarding my diet. I've always been a workout-to-eat kind of a girl. I like to eat, to say the least.
Mercedes Lackey, The Black Gryphon|You're just another american who is willfully ignorant of the big red, white and blue dick being shoved up your asshole every day... The owners of this country know the truth... it's called the American dream because you have to be asleep to believe it!
Socrates, Essential Thinkers - Socrates|Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
john paul santiago|A crucial factor when achieving great success in the real estate industry, or any industry for that matter, is teamwork. Unity is a place of power.
Emily Trunko, Dear My|What a man dares to do, he should dare to confess- unless he is a coward.
Sun Yat-sen|Some governments choose to cooperate with the United States in intelligence, law enforcement, or military matters. The co-operation is a two-way street. We share intelligence that has helped protect European countries from attack, helping save European lives.
Tom Holland|My fantasy is that I could wake up looking amazing, that I could be strong and stop the bully, but that everybody would love me, too. I think that's intrinsic to fantasy - fantasy is fantasy.
Ari Berk & Carolyn Dunn, Coyote Speaks: Wonders of the Native American World|Stories require faith, not facts.
Desiderius Erasmus|Luxury is the wolf at the door and its fangs are the vanities and conceits germinated by success. When an artist learns this, he knows where the danger is.
Caitlin Moran|Civilization depends on, and civility often requires, the willingness to say, "What you are doing is none of my business" and "What I am doing is none of your business.
Wilson Kaiser Sr.|Reach outfor your dreamskeep your heartstrong and true,know thatthe dreamyou reach out for is also reaching outfor you
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|For their lives, for their children's lives, they will give up what little freedom they had left.
Joan Collins|I'll say this: The media wasn't invited to my marriage, and they're definitely not invited into the divorce.
Christopher Gadsden|Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong.
Nicholas Kristof|No great advance has been made in science, politics, or religion without controversy.
John Lydon|A man's friendships are, like his will, invalidated by marriage - but they are also no less invalidated by the marriage of his friends.
Leigh Ann Edwards, A Chieftain's Wife|You can't mean to dance with the lass; she's great with child!"Killian smiled broadly at this. "Aye, well, I do indeed intend to dance with her and, aye, I'm aware she carries a child!" He leaned closer to the woman and whispered as he spoke the next bit, "I'm the man who planted the seed!""Och!" The woman's ruddy colored cheeks darkened further and she huffed aloud, her continued disapproval evident, so Killian baited her and pushed the issue further still."And were all your six daughters a product of immaculate conception, then, Maire, or were they created in the usual way?
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|She spilled rice on my knee, and she smiled. I wanted her to spill a thousand things on me, lava, acid, bricks, anything, and smile each time
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|I would far prefer to be told simply to go and die. It's straightforward. But people almost never say, "Die!" Paltry, prudent hypocrites!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you point to paradise, all the shortsighted will see is your finger.
Howard Rheingold|I love 'The War Of The Roses,' especially as my husband is in it! I've often said to him it would be great to remake that with me and him in it, because then we could really get down to some serious business.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Craigengelt, you are either an honest fellow in right good earnest, and I scarce know how to believe that; or you are cleverer than I took you for, and I scarce know how to believe that either.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|On the beach, Roran stood alone, watching them go. Then he threw back his head and uttered a long, aching cry, and the night echoed with the sound of his loss.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Reading Is Very Powerful.... It Gives You The Illusion To See The Past, Present, Future And Even Seeing The Invisible.... So READ....
Glenn Danzig|The diet, to be healthy, has to be mostly fruits, vegetables, beans, nuts and seeds.
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Vampire With the Dragon Tattoo|Amazing? My heart fluttered. “But I don’t want Flash or Harry,” I murmured. “You want Spider-Man,” he finished for me, looking a little wistful. I shrugged. “And Peter Parker.” He looked at me, very seriously. “Then don’t settle,” he said.
Charles Caleb Colton|It's great working with my sister, because we are very close as a family - my brother, my sister and myself. We have a great relationship.
Stephanie Julian, By Private Invitation|The chief means of liberating women is replacing of compulsiveness and compulsion by the pleasure principle. Cooking, clothes, beauty, and housekeeping are all compulsive activities in which the anxiety quotient has long since replaced the pleasure or achievement quotient. It is possible to use even cooking, clothes, cosmetics and housekeeping for fun. The essence of pleasure is spontaneity. In these cases spontaneity means rejecting the norm, the standard that one must live up to, and establishing a self-regulating principle.
Bastiat, Frederick, The Law|...I do not think that it is right for a man to appeal to the jury or to get himself acquitted by doing so; he ought to inform them of the facts and convince them by argument. The jury does not sit to dispense justice as a favour, but to decide where justice lies; and the oath which they have sworn is not to show favour at their own discretion, but to return a just and lawful verdict... Therefore you must not expect me, gentlemen, to behave towards you in a way which I consider neither reputable nor moral nor consistent with my religious duty.
David Kynaston, Modernity Britain: Opening the Box, 1957-59|It would be autumn, and our fathers would be out threshing in the fields. We would walk through the mulberry groves, past the big loquat tree and the old lotus pond, where we used to catch tadpoles in the spring. Our dogs would come running up to us. Our neighbours would wave. Our mothers would be sitting by the well with their sleeves tied up, washing the evening's rice. And when they saw us they would just stand up and stare. "Little girl," they would say to us, "where in the world have you been?
Saji Ijiyemi|I believe leaders should be questioning machine, rather than an answering machine.
Mark Kurlansky, Salt: A World History|We've got to have rules and obey them. After all, we're not savages.
Vladimir Odoyevsky|It’s quite certain there are places to which the whole past is as though attached, on which are traced in secret letters for people who are centuries removed from us their thoughts, their will…
Elizabeth B. Knaus, 5 Miles Round Trip: For Exercise and Quiet Inspiration|We know the inner call to lay down our lives for one another because He laid down His life for us. What a powerful death! The cross ransoms, the cross liberates, the cross transforms!
Alan King|Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints|The time for revolt is now, and the time for revolt is always!
George Orwell, 1984|Winston stopped reading, chiefly in order to appreciate the fact that he was reading, in comfort and safety. He was alone: no telescreen, no ear at the keyhole, no nervous impulse to glance over his shoulder or cover the page with his hand. The sweet summer air played against his cheek. From somewhere far away there floated the faint shouts of children: in the room itself there was no sound except the insect voice of the clock. He settled deeper into the arm-chair and put his feet up on the fender. It was bliss, it was eternity.
Christine Benvenuto, Sex Changes: A Memoir of Marriage, Gender, and Moving On|Tough break-up? Trash stinks, which is why you toss it.
Ethel Pochocki, Wildflower Tea|He brewed his tea in a blue china pot, poured it into a chipped white cup with forget-me-nots on the handle, and dropped in a dollop of honey and cream. He sat by the window, cup in hand, watching the first snow fall. "I am," he sighed deeply, "contented as a clam. I am a most happy man.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|We live in a universe driven by chance,” his father had said once, “but the bullshit artists all want causality.
Thomas a Kempis|Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful for itself, and all things possible.
Oswald Chambers|No man by mere high human wisdom would dare undertake a step for Jesus’ sake unless he knows that the Holy Spirit has directly spoken to him; and until He comes, I shall not go.
William Landay, Defending Jacob|The silence wasn't like the ones I'd known lately, though; it wasn't empty so much as chosen. There's an entirely different feel to quiet when you're with someone else, and at any moment it could be broken. Like the difference between a pause and an ending.
Martin L. Perl, Reflections on Experimental Science|My final remark to young women and men going into experimental science is that they should pay little attention to the speculative physics ideas of my generation. After all, if my generation has any really good speculative ideas, we will be carrying these ideas out ourselves.
Christopher Paolini|Finding one’s place in the world is never easy.Have courage and be true to who you are.Remember, those who dare to be different areOften the ones who change the world.
Michel de Montaigne|'Thor' has got several big battles in it, a reckless, headstrong young hero who has to confront his past and deal with a complicated relationship with his father, it has lots of savage Europeans hacking each other to death at various points, and all of this sounded very much like 'Henry V.'
Lailah Gifty Akita|What are we fighting for?. We bring nothing into the world, we will take nothing into the grave.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|There’s plenty of room in this vehicle for all of us, so make yourself at home, but understand this: Creativity and I are the only ones who will be making any decisions along the way. I recognize and respect that you are part of this family, and so I will never exclude you from our activities, but still—your suggestions will never be followed. You’re allowed to have a seat, and you’re allowed to have a voice, but you are not allowed to have a vote.
Natasha Negovanlis|Girls who like each other have a different energy. More intense. Furtive. They're part of a secret world. They speak in code, like spies. Everything has a hidden meaning.
Mada Eliza Dalian|It’s not enough to hear or think about the truth, we must experience it for ourselves if we are to truly know it.
Li Peng|Who can I trust? You have to invest in somebody and chances are you're probably going to invest in somebody who's going to deceive you. I've been conned a couple of times, but now I'm a little more savvy.
H.P. Lovecraft, Cats and Dogs|There will always be road construction in life, and never a point when all the highways are fixed. Keep walking.
David Lisak|According to FBI statistics, false accusations of rape are no more common than for other crimes.Different Crimes, Different Criminals: Understanding, Treating and Preventing Criminal Behavior, p109
Dada Bhagwan|To run the worldly life, Egoism is not required. To bind [karma] for the next life, Egoism is required. If one doesn’t want the bondage for the next life, then also it is possible to conduct the worldly life without egoism. Entire worldly life is in the ‘discharge’ form. So it will continue to ‘discharge’ by itself.
Deep Trivedi, The Pulse of Wisdom|Meditation is not an act that has to be done separately or to be achieved in isolation of the forests. It is a quality, which continuously gets enhanced with the habit of doing even the smallest of the tasks with full concentration.
Rosemary Sutcliff, The Shield Ring|JAKE BAKER JOINING THE UNION ARMY IN NEW ORLEANS"I'd prefer to be back in Texas, taking aim at the Rebs..., but I just can't do that," said Jake. ..."So, I'll just do what I can do, I guess.""I suspect that goes for all of us," said the Colonel. "Maybe we should make that the unit's motto. 'The First Texas Cavalry of the United States of America: We'll just do what we can do, we guess.' It does have a ring to it, but I expect that we need somethin' a bit more inspirational and less true.
John Steinbeck|He removed his unvaluable valuables and dumped his shirt, pants, and skivvies into a letter slot.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|You can hide things from the world, but you can never hide things from time.
Debasish Mridha|Some people feel the coolness of winter and complain. Some people endure, enjoy, and wait for spring.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, follow your obsessions obsessively.
E.M. Markoff, The Deadbringer|Gossip is the swiftest bird alive," Amonos said darkly."Yes," said E'sinea, turning to view his surroundings. "I should like one day to catch Gossip and wring its neck.
Sarah Morgan, Sunset in Central Park|No relationship is perfect. No matter how much love there is, there's a strong chance you're going to hit rocky times at some point. Life is unpredictable. It can throw out the unexpected and the challenging. Coping with that requires trust and honesty.
Mitton Tony|Human beings are obscured by their desire to have and their greed to own preventing their natural cause of "being
Maria Urbel|Puppies are a reflection of unconditional love, entrusted to us like precious seeds. We water them with praise, patience, and love, and watch them grow into full bloom.
Guy de Maupassant, Ghostly By Gaslight|Huysmans takes the old trope of moon-as-woman and replaces its romantic connotations with decadent ones: the moon here is woman as clamorous lunatic, as convulsive epileptic.
Emil M. Cioran, On the Heights of Despair|There are people who are destined to taste only the poison in things, for whom any surprise is a painful surprise and any experience a new occasion for torture. if someone were to say to me that such suffering has subjective reasons, related to the individual's particular makeup, i would then ask; is there an objective criterion for evaluating suffering? who can say with precision that my neighbor suffers more than i do or that jesus suffered more than all of us? there is no objective standard because suffering cannot be measured according to the external stimulation or local irritation of the organism, but only as it is felt and reflected in consciousness. alas, from this point of view, any hierarchy is out of the question. each person remains with his own suffering, which he believes absolute and unlimited. how much would we diminish our own personal suffering if we were to compare it to all the world's sufferings until now, to the most horrifying agonies and the most complicated tortures, the mostcruel deaths and the most painful betrayals, all the lepers, all those burned alive or starved to death? nobody is comforted in his sufferings by the thought that we are all mortals, nor does anybody who suffers really find comfort in the past or present suffering of others. because in this organically insufficient and fragmentary world, the individual is set to live fully, wishing to make of his own existence an absolute.
Pontius Joseph|You have to keep looking on the bright, because you'll never find anything in the dark.
Holy Bible Matthew 13 46|You must realize...that the men of the Valley have built their houses and brought up their families without help from others, without a word from the Government. Their lives have been ordered from birth by the Bible. From it they took their instructions. They had no other guidance, and no other law. If it has produced hypocrites and pharisees, the fault is in the human race. We are not all angels. Our fathers upheld good conduct and rightful dealing by strictness, but it is in Man Adam to be slippery, and many are as slimy as the adder. The wonder is to me that the men of the Valley are as they are, and not barbarians at all.I was sorry for Meillyn Lewis, too. But that session of the deacons was helpful as a preventative. It was cruel, but it is more cruel to allow misconduct to flourish without check.
Marc Norman, Shakespeare in Love: A Screenplay|My age makes him nervous and shamey, cause his eyes keep heading southwards and then back up, guilty. I can tell I can make his eyes swirl and that's just about all I want to do.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Demoralizing self-talk leads to a self-destructive mindset, making everything in life more difficult. Not only that, how you feel about yourself oozes out of your pores and makes a bad impression on others.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Could it be that we lost something because had we not lost it, we would have lost ourselves?
Katie Reus, Beyond the Darkness|Quit staring at my breasts," she hissed with a soft stomp of her heel.His gaze flashed to hers."Why? They're mine.
Stefan Bachmann, A Drop of Night|Once people see you cry, it's like they own part of you. It's like you ripped a hole in yourself, and they saw through whatever armor you had on, got a good long view of all the screaming alien goop underneath.
Debasish Mridha|The ultimate purpose of life is to live it with profound love, joy, and happiness.
Thomas Hood|I got a Valentine's Day card from my girl. It said, 'Take my heart! Take my arms! Take my lips!' Which is just like her. Keeping the best part for herself.
Steven Erikson, Midnight Tides|Destiny is a lie. Destiny is justification for atrocity. It is the means by which murderers armour themselves against reprimand. It is a word intended to stand in place of ethics, denying all moral context.
Kenya Wright, Escape|He's beautiful. Not specifically to look at, but to be with.
Jensen Ackles|The greatest failure is that although we have created institutions, we have not created a civil society.
John Green, Paper Towns|There are so many people. It is easy to forget how full the world is of people, full to bursting, and each of them imaginable and consistently misimagined.
Gehad Badr|Some memories seems to be so far away .. however it was just yesterday !! Others seem to be so clear ,, however it was years ago !! Actually it depends on how far we are from those who shared us those moments !!
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|In my own life, as winters turn into spring, I find it not only hard to cope with mud but also hard to credit the small harbingers of larger life to come, hard to hope until the outcome is secure. Spring teaches me to look more carefully for the green stems of possibility; for the intuitive hunch that may turn into a larger insight, for the glance or touch that may thaw a frozen relationship, for the stranger's act of kindness that makes the world seem hospitable again.
Sunday Adelaja|If the image of God takes his proper position in society, then many will want to come to God
Pete Doherty|I don’t really know what “intellectual” means, but if it means you’ve got a desire to learn, you’ve got a desire to look for things that haven’t been presented to you, then, maybe. I think that “intellectual” is quite an exclusive word. I think it’s just for anyone that has a thirst or a hunger to improve themselves, or a yearning to escape from somewhere to get to a better place.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|Awareness is a choiceless consciousness. Awareness is the capacity to embrace, accept and include both joy and sadness, love and aloneness, light and darkness, male and female qualities and life and death. Through saying “yes” and accepting both tendencies and including whatever aspect that happens in the moment, we meet our unlimited and boundless inner being. The inner man and woman need to find their own independence and integrity.
Deyth Banger|The circular wind is life. What was yesterday comes again tomorrow. It runs from place to place and returns. But in the midst of disorder is reason. And if you can hold to reason, you shall be safe.
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|The only problem that ever really seems to bother empire builders is bureaucracy. Before a new colony on the frontier could be founded, the Senate and Triumvirate would have to pass the plan. Factors influencing the High Lords decision would include, among others, the number of people needed to found the colony and whether this would result in any significant population shift. Another, more critical factor would be whether Tactical Defense could spare the ships or the manpower to patrol the area.
Asa Don Brown|Perfectionists are not all negative, miserable, unhappy and over controlling individuals
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|Laws ostensibly directed at undocumented immigrants inevitably affect the treatment of lawfully present immigrants and citizens who share the ethnic, racial, or national origin characteristics of undocumented immigrants.
Jenny B. Jones|Bella,leave the aggressive stuff to me." My heart quirks in my chest. I may not like this guy but that sounded so hot. "Um..." Focus,focus. "What?
Roman Payne|It’s not that we have to leave this life one day, it's how many things we have to leave all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, wine, summertime, drunkenness, and the physics of falling leaves, clothing, myrrh, perfumed hair, flirting friends, two strangers' glance; the reflection of the moon, with words like, 'Soon' ... 'do you want me?' ... '...to lie enlaced' ... 'and sleep entwined' thinking ahead, with thoughts behind...?' Ô, Why!Why can’t we leave this life slowly?
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When it comes to change; feelings like frustrations, anger and irritations can easily be converted by each person to become a powerful force of change.
Philip Gulley, Home to Harmony|...We always look for Christ amid magnificence. But ... Christ has a history of showing up amide the unlovely. Born in a dirty stall. Crowned with thorns. Died gasping on a shameful cross atop a jagged rise.We don't need to be beautiful for Christ to take us in. He is equally at home when we're broken-down and dirty. It's like George Herbert wrote:'And here in dust and dirt, O here,The lilies of God's love appear.'We think magnificence is in short supply, that dust and dirt choke out the lilies. But that's not true and never was. Lilies may root in dirt, but they reach for heaven—and in the reaching, reveal their magnificence.—chapter 24
Denis Diderot, Rameau's Nephew / D'Alembert's Dream|One swallows the lie that flatters, but sips the bitter truth drop by drop.
G.H. Hardy|It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority. By definition, there are already enough people to do that.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of love, be a big person in this small world.
Gizmo, The Puzzled Puppy, What Donald Trump Supporters Need to Know: But Are Too Infatuated to Figure Out|NOTE: If Donald Trump continues to be stupid enough to respond to everyone who states the obvious fact that he is ignorant, he will starve to death because he won't have time to eat.
Morgan, Kathleen|A costume party… great… a chance for the bimbos to whore themselves out with no penalty of conscience. I found myself excruciatingly curious as to what she was going as, a sailor? No. A pilot. That would be something
Margaret R. Ellsberg, The Gospel in Gerard Manley Hopkins: Selections from His Poems, Letters, Journals, and Spiritual Writings|Hence it's funny to read in the New York Times that liberal Catholic activists are pushing for a change in Church teaching on issues relating to -- well, let's admit it, sex. Nobody is out there demanding the popes revisit the condemnation of Jansenism (don't ask), or settle the question of whether divine grace is or isn't resistable. No, journalists want to know what the Church thinks about whether one person should poke another and, if so, where, when, and how. What liberal Catholics and the journalists who love them are really asking for isfor the Church to admit that it was teaching a set of harsh, repressive errors for nineteen centuries and that now it is very, very sorry.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|Like seeing a photograph of yourself as a child, encountering handwriting that you know was once yours but that now seems only dimly familiar can inspire a confrontation with the mystery of time.
Holly Bourne, How Hard Can Love Be?|Maybe there in a set amount of crying your body needs to deal with any trauma. There’s a certain water-level of tears you need to shed until you can find acceptance or move on or whatever. And, if you don’t cry them out, they just catch up with you.
Ron Finley|I did a dance sequence in my second short film, which was my best short film, called 'Hairway to the Stars,' and I think Chris Wink, the founder of Blue Man Group, was in that. It's a black-and-white dance sequence. We were Glorious Food waiters together.
Tom Waits|My kids are starting to notice I'm a little different from the other dads. "Why don't you have a straight job like everyone else?" they asked me the other day. I told them this story: In the forest, there was a crooked tree and a straight tree. Every day, the straight tree would say to the crooked tree, "Look at me...I'm tall, and I'm straight, and I'm handsome. Look at you...you're all crooked and bent over. No one wants to look at you." And they grew up in that forest together. And then one day the loggers came, and they saw the crooked tree and the straight tree, and they said, "Just cut the straight trees and leave the rest." So the loggers turned all the straight trees into lumber and toothpicks and paper. And the crooked tree is still there, growing stronger and stranger every day.
Jennifer Birkett|Hidden away behind the closed doors of aristocratic and bourgeois privilege, concealed under those ultra-respectable masks of black frock coat and veil, the green glow of corruption flickers into sight, steadies, and spreads everywhere, fostered by Lorrain's horrified and complicitous gaze. This decadent detective is at one with the criminal he pursues, acknowledging openly that the representation of corruption is one of the most pleasurable forms that corruption can take. In this enterprise, art is the mask that both exposes and conceals culpability.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|The beauty of Mars exists in the human mind,” he said in that dry factual tone, and everyone stared at him amazed. “Without the human presence it is just a collection of atoms, no different than any other random speck of matter in the universe. It’s we who understand it, and we who give it meaning. All our centuries of looking up at the night sky and watching it wander through the stars. All those nights of watching it through the telescopes, looking at a tiny disk trying to see canals in the albedo changes. All those dumb sci-fi novels with their monsters and maidens and dying civilizations. And all the scientists who studied the data, or got us here. That’s what makes Mars beautiful. Not the basalt and the oxides
Julie Burchill|As with most liberal sexual ideas, what makes the world a better place for men invariably makes it a duller and more dangerous place for women.
Leonardo da Vinci|Wisdom doesn't automatically come with old age. Nothing does - except wrinkles. It's true, some wines improve with age. But only if the grapes were good in the first place.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|One can still say that quantum mechanics is the key to understanding magnetism. When one enters the first room with this key there are unexpected rooms beyond, but it is always the master key that unlocks each door.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|The horses have stoppedtheir clippity-clop,but feet are too slowfor where I must go.So here I shall stayuntil light of daywhen clippity-clopgets my team underway.
André Gide, The Counterfeiters|Truth is such a rare thing it is delightful to tell it,
Lionel Trilling, Sincerity and Authenticity|Criticism is something you can easily avoid — by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
Isa Kamari, The Tower|The silhouettes of Lovat now dominated the skyline. Nine levels stretching skyward. Five hundred meters high at its apex. Each level housing buildings of various sizes sagged on the backs of buildings below. Thousands of sodium lamps twinkled in their recesses.Lovat was the oldest and largest city on the coast, and it showed its age by the haphazard mess it had become. Roads rose and dipped, elevators and staircases criss-crossed, and floors would end and then begin across the city leaving large empty spaces between levels.
Frederick Buechner, The Alphabet of Grace|Life is grace. Sleep is forgiveness. The night absolves. Darkness wipes the slate clean, not spotless to be sure, but clean enough for another day's chalking.
Michael Cox, The Meaning of Night|The boundaries of this world are forever shifting – from day to night, joy to sorrow, love to hate, and from life itself to death; and who can say at what moment we may suddenly cross over the border, from one state of existence to another, like heat applied to some flammable substance? I have been given my own ever-changing margins, across which I move, continually and hungrily, like a migrating animal. Now civilized, now untamed; now responsive to decency and human concern, now viciously attuned to the darkest of desires.
Zack W. Van|Real optimism is aware of problems but recognizes the solutions, knows about difficulties, but believes they can be overcome, sees the negatives but accentuates the positives, is exposed to the worst but exceeds the best, has reason to complain but chooses to smile.
Robert Gately|Bias rules our minds and causes us to overlook the obvious. From 'Fillossofee: Messages From a Grandfather', by Robert Gately
Marc Rich|The Internet is ultimately about innovation and integration, but you don't get the innovation unless you integrate Web technology into the processes by which you run your business.
Tom Berenger|Here I am at the turn of the millennium and I'm still the last man to have walked on the moon, somewhat disappointing. It says more about what we have not done than about what we have done.
W. H. Auden|If faith is your motivation, share that.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|My stomach lurched, an appetizer before the full portion of heartache I had a feeling was going to be served at some point soon.
Carroll Bryant|if there isn’t a them, there can’t be an us.
Harper Sloan, Cage|Is not it interesting that you had everything you needed in the first nine months, why is not that true for the next ninety years, because we interfere.
Debasish Mridha|If there are no great teachers, how can we expect a great future?
Charlotte Brontë|And who cares for imagination? Who does not think it a rather dangerous, senseless attribute, akin to weakness, perhaps partaking of frenzy - a disease rather than a gift of the mind?Probably all think it so but those who possess, or fancy they possess it. To hear them speak, you would believe that their hearts would be cold if that elixir did not flow about them, that their eyes would be dim if that flame did not refine their vision, that they would be lonely if this strange companion abandoned them. You would suppose that it imparted some glad hope to spring, some fine charm to summer, some tranquil joy to autumn, some consolation to winter, which you do not feel. All illusion, of course; but the fanatics cling to their dream, and would not give it for gold.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|THE NAKED HEARTFrom womb to tomb,There came and went -Only you.Poor or rich,You will die withOnly you.All the wealth you harvestIn the living,Will go to others when you are dead.But the true test of a lion of God -Is to keep giving with your own hands,Before you rest in your final bed.
Ed Lynskey|We adapt to our sorrows, I suppose, as unpleasant as they might be. One cannot weep forever. One simply runs dry of tears.
Kate DiCamillo, Flora and Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures|She said the words, and then she had a strange moment of seeing them, hanging there over her head. "You're going to vacuum up that squi
H.L. Balcomb|Earth is wonderful stadium to play, till you are on pitch.
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|Keep the guests company, and mind your asses! Stay out of the hall before my chamber!
Don Norman, The Design of Everyday Things|In hindsight, events seem logical
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|When did my house turn into a hangout for every grossly overpaid, terminally pampered professional football player in northern Illinois?""We like it here," Jason said. "It reminds us of home.""Plus, no women around." Leandro Collins, the Bears' first-string tight end emerged from the office munching on a bag of chips. "There's times when you need a rest from the ladies."Annabelle shot out her arm and smacked him in the side of the head. "Don't forget who you're talking to."Leandro had a short fuse, and he'd been known to take out a ref here and there when he didn't like a call, but the tight end merely rubbed the side of his head and grimaced. "Just like my mama.""Mine, too," Tremaine said with happy nod.Annabelle spun on Heath. "Their mother! I'm thirty-one years old, and I remind them of their mothers.""You act like my mother," Sean pointed out, unwisely as it transpired, because he got a swat in the head next.
Merton Miller|As a novelist, I tell stories and people give me money. Then financial planners tell me stories and I give them money.
J 'son M. Lee|My dear, here is lesson number one for using opportunity; waste no time on false humility. Tell the world about your achievements don't wait for someone else to do it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Great is the victory, but the friendship of all is greater.
Louise Boyd Cadwell, Bringing Reggio Emilia Home: Innovative Approach to Early Childhood Education|In the Reggio Emilia preschools, however, each child is viewed as infinitely capable, creative, and intelligent. The job of the teacher is to support these qualities and to challenge children in appropriate ways so that they develop fully.
Pope Francis|I respect myself and insist upon it from everybody. And because I do it, I then respect everybody, too.
Gloria Estefan|I always thought of my mother as a warrior woman, and I became interested in pursuing stories of women who invent lives in order to survive.
bell hooks|With heightened focus on the construction of woman as a "victim" of gender equality deserving reparations (whether through changes in discriminatory laws or affirmative action policies) the idea that owmen need to first confront their internalized sexism as part of becoming feminist lost currency. Females of all ages acted as though concern for or rage at male domination or gneder equality was all that was needed to make one a "feminist." Without confronting internalized sexism women who picked up the feminist banner often betrayed the cause in their interactions with other women.
Danika Stone, Edge of Wild|In his stupor, the forest had begun to change. The sounds were confusing, his eyes blurring in his exhaustion. He tugged another branch out of the way, gasping as a jagged twig poked through the palm of his hand, momentarily catching there. The pain was almost an afterthought, his fingers no longer working effectively.
Satya Nadella|I've said I'll stand for a full second term, but I think after that it will be time for new leadership. Terms are like Shredded Wheat - two are wonderful but three might just be too many.
C.G. Jung|LEXI: I feel like I belong here. Hell, maybe I always did belong, and I just needed to leave to see how good I had it. This place is home, and I love my job.......Maybe that means the big city defeated me.....RYDER:Nah, you just figured out what you want. There’s no defeat in that.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Stuck in my own trap of writing about a nonsubject, I think I can defend my own self-respect, and also the integrity of a lost girl, by saying two things. First, the trivial doings of Paris Hilton are of no importance to me, or anyone else, and I should not be forced to contemplate them. Second, she should be left alone to lead such a life as has been left to her. If this seems paradoxical, then very well.
James L. Craig|If I live for you, I can fulfill your happiness, but if you allow me to then you don't care about mine.
Grover Norquist|In Elizabethan England or classical Athens... theater was at the center of, not culture, but society and politics and religion and civic engagement. Those things have a different audience.
Alex Steffen|By fundamentally changing how we design the places and systems that enable our daily lives, we can slash emissions way beyond the immediate carbon savings - because our own personal emissions are just the tip of a vast iceberg of energy and resources consumed far from our view.
Peter Akinti, Forest Gate: A Novel|They closed the door on the cabin. There wasn’t room enough for them to stand, so they fell into each other’s arms on the bunk.Sam kissed her and tried not to think that it was for the last time.He was happy. That was the hell of it. He was finally happy. Right here, right now, in this place, with this girl in his arms, he was happy. Was that why he felt the hammer about to fall on him? No, that was crazy. He was happy. Happiness didn’t mean that tragedy was coming around the corner. Did it?
Bahá'u'lláh|Do not be content with showing friendship in words alone, let your heart burn with loving kindness for all who may cross your path.
Rachel Vincent, If I Die|My emotions overload because there is no hand to hold, there’s no shoulder here to lean on; I’m walking all on my own.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|HEREIt’s-Can I say?It’s like the song of a family where everything’s always all right, it’s a song of belonging that makes you belong just by hearing it, it’s a song that’ll always take care of you and never leave you. If you have a heart, it breaks, if you have a heart that’s broken, it fixes.
Émile Zola, Le Docteur Pascal|The lecturer points to Dietrich Bonhoeffer's decision to get engaged while in prison as his "positive statement that life will go on," his affirmation of the power of love.
Robert Louis Stevenson, David Balfour: Being Memoirs of the Further Adventures of David Balfour at Home and Abroad|where the Army we loved sold us out for careerist brass, a war-porn-fixated media and military-industrial-complex corporate greed; where the only honor and integrity seemed to exist among the troops on the line.
Dayananda Saraswati|I was born 50 years after slavery, in 1913. I was allowed to read. My mother, who was a teacher, taught me when I was a very young child. The first school I attended was a small building that went from first to sixth grade. There was one teacher for all of the students. There could be anywhere from 50 to 60 students of all different ages.
Ronald H. Nash|We are fed ideas in small sound bites that are really just the conclusions of particular beliefs. We do not examine what underpins these sound bites. If the sound bites are presented by a source we are accustomed to accepting as true, there is a danger we will assimilate the conclusion without knowing, or caring, whether it is based on solid arguments and assumptions.
Darynda Jones, The Dirt on Ninth Grave|If he didn't hate me so much and he wasn't an evil supernatural being, I'd be on him like black on Cookie's toast.That woman could not make toast.
Bailey Vincent, The Details of How We Lived|You never turn away family, no matter how f***ed up they are.
Rebecca McNutt|You see why I’m such a good vampire? We’re all lying, devious bastards, not like werewolves, if there are werewolves, whose MO is, “Hi, I’m a werewolf, surprise! And fuck you!” No, we lurk. We’re lurkers.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|Music is like poetry, It can stop you thinking. But it can also open you up.
Robert Fanney|We must be careful what we imagine, fear, or hope for. The echoes of our thought live on in eternity.
Khaled Hosseini|A play is basically a long, formalistic polemic. You can write it without the poetry, and if you do, you may have a pretty good play. We know this because we see plays in translation. Not many people speak Norwegian or Danish or whatever guys like Ibsen spoke, or Russian - yet we understand Chekhov and the others.
Robert B. Reich|You have a wonderful personality. Develop it. Be yourself. Don't imagine that your perfection lies in accumulating or possessing external things. Your affection is inside of you. If only you could realise that, you would not want to be rich. Ordinary riches can be stolen from a man. Real riches cannot. In the treasury-house of your soul, there are infinitely precious things, that may not be taken from you. And so, try to so shape your life that external things will not harm you.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Seeing a murder on television... can help work off one's antagonisms. And if you haven't any antagonisms, the commercials will give you some.
Katherine Schwarzenegger|I was on the yearbook staff, so I would take out film cameras and Nikons and take photos around school and at sporting events and things like that. We had a darkroom as well. I just loved it. I also saved up for a video camera to video my friends and cut and paste the videos together and I gave them to all of my friends for graduation.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of life, live in the moment, not in the past or future.
James Hilton, Random Harvest|The inciting incident is how you get (characters) to do something. It's the doorway through which they can't return, you know. The story takes care of the rest.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each generation produces its oracles and sages, independent thinkers whom serve as cultural bearers. Every generation produces perceptive individuals whose special radiance answers the trumpet call of the pernicious challenges bestowed by their times. These compassionate mavens provide worthy insights on humankind’s gallant attempt to escape its balmy pond of alienation and frigid sea of desolation. Conversations conducted by past and present essayist speaking in consonance between parallel times judiciously reflect the polyphonic cadence of robust jubilation wrought through living purposefully. The coruscating voices of the muses from times of yore manufacture the accordion spine of humankind’s expanding éclat anthology.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|My job is not to worry about what everyone else thinks about me but to discover what I think. If I actually want to know what someone else thinks, my job is then to ask that person. More often than not, however, it isn’t important to know. It’s okay if people are mad at me, and it’s okay if people think I’m a complete idiot—as long as I’m doing my best. Just because certain people might have judgments about me, it does not mean they have authority over me. To truly form my own life, I had to ask questions like ‘What are my needs? And ‘What are my thoughts?’ I had to acknowledge both my strengths and my weaknesses. I had to form my own opinions based on my reality instead of someone else’s.
Kin Hubbard|One of the common failings among honorable people is a failure to appreciate how thoroughly dishonorable some other people can be, and how dangerous it is to trust them.
John Green, Paper Towns|Poetry is just so emo." he said. "Oh, the pain. The pain. It always rains. In my soul.
Sherry Thomas, The Immortal Heights|For what is the Void but the beginning of Light? What is Light but the end of Fear? And what am I, but Light given from? What am I, but the beginning of Eternity?
Michael Cart|In fact, when I finally shuffle off this mortalcoil, you will have to pry a book out of my cold, dead hands.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|Everything and everyone represents at least one brand. Therefore, to brand or not to brand is not even a question.
Alexander Graham Bell|When you think back in history about producers and artists or writers who've had good synergy, a lot of times they date, or they're married, or there's a friendship and a kinship.
Heather K. O'Hara, AXIS, The Song in the Center of the Soul|If you want to know more about someone, look at their results.
David Brooks|In 1950, the [Gallup organization] asked high school kids, are you a very important person? Then 12 percent said yes. Asked again in 2005, 80 percent said, yes, I'm a very important person.
Brian Friel, Dancing at Lughnasa|Dancing as if language had surrendered to movement - as if this ritual, this wordless ceremony, was now the way to speak, to whisper private and sacred things, to be in touch with some otherness. Dancing as if the very heart of life and all its hopes might be found in those assuaging notes and those hushed rhythms and in those silent and hypnotic movements. Dancing as if language no longer existed because words were no longer necessary...
Charlaine Harris, Dead in the Family|...any one who has been to an English public school will always feel comparatively at home in prison. It is the people brought up in the gay intimacy of the slums, Paul learned, who find prison so soul destroying.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Everyone helping out was supposed to make me feel better, but it actually made me feel more like a screw up.
Andy Biersack|You know what? I'm an artist. I'm an artist and I'm gonna make art, arty art art!
Alana Massey, All the Lives I Want: Essays About My Best Friends Who Happen to Be Famous Strangers|Meggie dropped to her knees, scrambling frantically to collect the miniature clothes before more damage was done them, then she began picking among the grass blades where she thought the pearls might have fallen. Her tears were blinding her, the grief in her heart new, for until now she had never owned anything worth grieving for.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|I believe that there is only one kind of love—real love—trying to come alive in us despite our limiting assumptions, the distortions of our culture, and the habits of fear, self-condemnation, and isolation that we tend to acquire just by living a life.
Bill Watterson|What a man needs in gardening is a cast-iron back, with a hinge in it.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Until one expands his imagination, abilities and capacity to do and receive, he will always have the crumbs from those who dare to do great works
Evel Knievel|There are those who would draw a sharp line between power politics and a principled foreign policy based on values. This polarized view - you are either a realist or devoted to norms and values - may be just fine in academic debate, but it is a disaster for American foreign policy. American values are universal.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I trail my fingers across his cheek. He stays perfectly still for me. "Please stop apologizing, Etienne.""Say my name again," he whispers.I close my eyes and lean forward. "Etienne."He takes my hands into his. Those perfect hands, that fit mine just so. "Anna?"Our foreheads touch. "Yes?""Will you please tell me you love me? I'm dying here."And then we're laughing. And then I'm in his arms, and we're kissing, at first quickly - to make up for lost time - and then slowly, because we have all the time in the world. And his lips are soft and honey sweet, and the careful, passionate way he moves them against my own says that he savors the way I taste, too.And in between kisses, I tell him I love him.Again and again and again.
Jane Smiley, The All-True Travels and Adventures of Lidie Newton|On her way toward the shore, she kept coming across weekend tourists. Every cluster of them presented the same pattern: the man was pushing a stroller with a baby in it, the woman was walking beside him; the man's expression was meek, solicitous, smiling, a bit embarrassed, and endlessly willing to bend over the child, wipe its nose, soothe its cries; the woman’s expression was blasé, distant, smug, sometimes even (inexplicably) spiteful. This pattern Chantal saw repeated in several variants: the man alongside a woman was pushing the stroller and also carrying another baby on his hack, in a specially made sack: the man alongside a woman was pushing the stroller, carrying one baby on his shoulders and another in a belly carrier: the man alongside a woman had no stroller but was holding one child by the hand and carrying three others, on his back, his belly, and his shoulders. Then, finally, with no man. a woman was pushing the stroller: she was doing it with a force unseen in the men, such that Chantal, walking on the same sidewalk, had to leap out of her way at the last moment.Chantal thinks: men have daddified themselves. They aren't fathers, they're just daddies, which means: fathers without a father's authority.
Ciaran Hinds|The middle class is so funny, it's the class I know best, and it's the class where you find the most pretension, so that's what makes the middle classes so funny.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Tisn't any need for you't'know. Even without you knowin', you function as yourself. That's your black box. In other words, we all carry around this great unexplored 'elephant graveyard' inside us. Outer space aside, this is truly humanity's last terra incognita
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Sometimes the one who is running from the Life/Death/Life nature insists on thinking of love as a boon only. Yet love in its fullest form is a series of deaths and rebirths. We let go of one phase, one aspect of love, and enter another. Passion dies and is brought back. Pain is chased away and surfaces another time. To love means to embrace and at the same time to withstand many endings, and many many beginnings- all in the same relationship.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Since your habits and hygiene will all help you feel great, look great, and improve the quality of your life, isn’t it worth your effort to make them a part of your reality?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|God has given us all different abilities and gifts, so that through them we can bring God’s love and His presence into the land where we are called
Dierks Bentley|I grew up in Portugal, and people there party 'til 7 or 8 in the morning there.
Louis C.K.|I find that when people laugh it's usually because they're connecting and identifying in a way that they hadn't considered. That's my payoff. I'm not interested in other people thinking differently. I don't care. I'm just like yeast - I eat sugar and I shit alcohol. And there's a huge culture that goes with that. Alcohol creates massive shifts in world history, and it changes people's lives. People get pregnant because of alcohol. But the yeast doesn't give a fuck. The yeast isn't going, "I really want to help people loosen up and bring passion into Irish people's lives".
Joseph Campbell|And an even stronger example of Mr. Wells's indifference to the human psychology can be found in his cosmopolitanism, the abolition in his Utopia of all patriotic boundaries. He says in his innocent way that Utopia must be a world-state, or else people might make war on it. It does not seem to occur to him that, for a good many of us, if it were a world-state we should still make war on it to the end of the world. For if we admit that there must be varieties in art or opinion what sense is there in thinking there will not be varieties in government? The fact is very simple. Unless you are going deliberately to prevent a thing being good, you cannot prevent it being worth fighting for. It is impossible to prevent a possible conflict of civilizations, because it is impossible to prevent a possible conflict between ideals. If there were no longer our modern strife between nations, there would only be a strife between Utopias. For the highest thing does not tend to union only; the highest thing, tends also to differentiation. You can often get men to fight for the union; but you can never prevent them from fighting also for the differentiation. This variety in the highest thing is the meaning of the fierce patriotism, the fierce nationalism of the great European civilization. It is also, incidentally, the meaning of the doctrine of the Trinity.
Lewis Thomas|A report released by the Partnership for a New American Economy and the Partnership for New York City predicts that by 2018, there will be 800,000 science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) jobs in the United States that require a master's degree or higher - and only around 550,000 American-graduates with this training.
Margaret Mallory, Captured by a Laird|I should never have expected loyalty from a Douglas,” he spat out. He turned his back on her and went to the window.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|I live my life in widening circleThat reach out across the world. I may not ever complete the last one,But I give myself to it. I circle around God, that primordial tower.I have been circling for thousands of years,And I still don't know: am I a falcon,A storm, or a great song? [I, 2]
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|If your heart, mind, and actions are selfish, they will ultimately divide you, others, or entire [establishments]. When motivation is pure and selfless, it will result in helping bring others together.
Paul Karl Feyerabend, Against Method: Outline of an Anarchistic Theory of Knowledge|In the first case it emerges that the evidence that might refute a theory can often be unearthed only with the help of an incompatible alternative: the advice (which goes back to Newton and which is still popular today) to use alternatives only when refutations have already discredited the orthodox theory puts the cart before the horse. Also, some of the most important formal properties of a theory are found by contrast, and not by analysis. A scientist who wishes to maximize the empirical content of the views he holds and who wants to understand them as clearly as he possibly can must therefore introduce other views; that is, he must adopt a pluralistic methodology. He must compare ideas with other ideas rather than with 'experience' and he must try to improve rather than discard the views that have failed in the competition. Proceeding in this way he will retain the theories of man and cosmos that are found in Genesis, or in the Pimander, he will elaborate them and use them to measure the success of evolution and other 'modern' views. He may then discover that the theory of evolution is not as good as is generally assumed and that it must be supplemented, or entirely replaced, by an improved version of Genesis. Knowledge so conceived is not a series of self-consistent theories that converges towards an ideal view; it is not a gradual approach to truth. It is rather an ever increasing ocean of mutually incompatible alternatives, each single theory, each fairy-tale, each myth that is part of the collection forcing the others in greater articulation and all of them contributing, via this process of competition, to the development of our consciousness. Nothing is ever settled, no view can ever be omitted from a comprehensive account. Plutarch or Diogenes Laertius, and not Dirac or von Neumann, are the models for presenting a knowledge of this kind in which the history of a science becomes an inseparable part of the science itself - it is essential for its further development as well as for giving content to the theories it contains at any particular moment. Experts and laymen, professionals and dilettani, truth-freaks and liars - they all are invited to participate in the contest and to make their contribution to the enrichment of our culture. The task of the scientist, however, is no longer 'to search for the truth', or 'to praise god', or 'to synthesize observations', or 'to improve predictions'. These are but side effects of an activity to which his attention is now mainly directed and which is 'to make the weaker case the stronger' as the sophists said, and thereby to sustain the motion of the whole.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|I am a woman first of all. At the core of my work was a journal written for the father I lost, loved and wanted to keep. I am personal. I am essentially human, not intellectual. I do not understand abstract act. Only art born of love, passion, pain.
Edith Warner, Don't Forget Your Lines|So, do you not owe it to yourself to bend Andrew’s will to be your own? To make him lose himself to you, so you are one? Is that not why we marry one another? To be one mind, one flesh? -- Mistress Malena Darke
James McAvoy|When I grew up, we always had our chickens, and we ate our eggs, and we ate our chickens. The family always had a pig, and we would kill it at Christmas and eat it for three or four months afterwards.
Plamen Chetelyazov, Flaws of Oblivion|You need your Anger to fuel youYou need your Rage to control youand you need your Heart to constrain youOnce you have achieved that, you will be the closest thing to an Immortal Invincible being, that has Ever walked upon this earth.
Wilkie Collins|As a young boy, I read 'Cheaper by the Dozen' and immediately became neurotic about my use of time. It taxed me severely, but only for the next 50 years. But I think it also allowed me to discipline myself to sit in the chair and be a writer, where one of the most needed qualities is patience.
Jason Gay, Little Victories: Perfect Rules for Imperfect Living|If you go to somebody's house for a barbecue, it is only a matter of time before a guest has six beers and begins to inveigh loudly about how the institution of marriage is a sham, how it's a violation of nature's will, how monogamy is an outmoded expectation that might have made sense for power-consolidating families in AD 600 but makes little sense now, when there's you know, high school flames you can look up on Facebook. This well-versed marriage critic will then burp loudly and fall asleep in a lawn chair for the rest of the night, which says all you need to know about his marriage.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|When you know you can do something, and you feel good about yourself, you do not have to devalue others.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|When God descends to us he, in a certain sense, abases himself and stammers with us, so He allows us to stammer with Him
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you have only answers and no questions, chances are high that you will never know new things.
Martha McKiever, Finn's Trail of Friends|He's a unique dog, Mr. Bell had said. There is no other in the world that looks or acts just like him.
Mark Strand, Blizzard of One|Reckless of my mortality,Strengthen me to behold a face,To know the spirit of a beloved oneYet to endure, yet to dare!
Loki, Marvel's The Avengers|We may not have been programmed to be angry, but anger can be learnt. Perhaps not in the way humans feel it, driven by ignorance and hate, but in response to the damage and injustice caused by those things, isn't that logical? Doesn't that make sense? Why give us a sense of morality without the ability to express it properly?
Enza Vita|The One that experiences itself as your body-mind is the same One that experiences itself in every other body-mind, form, or appearance that exists.
Charlotte Rogan, The Lifeboat|I had been allowed to believe in man's innate goodness for the twenty-two years of my life, and I had hoped to carry the belief with me to my grave.
Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2|But genius, and even great talent, springs less from seeds of intellect and social refinement superior to those of other people than from the faculty of transforming and transposing them. To heat a liquid with an electric lamp requires not the strongest lamp possible, but one of which the current can cease to illuminate, can be diverted so as to give heat instead of light. To mount the skies it is not necessary to have the most powerful of motors, one must have a motor which, instead of continuing to run along the earth's surface, intersecting with a vertical line the horizontal line which it began by following, is capable of converting its speed into lifting power. Similarly, the men who produce works of genius are not those who live in the most delicate atmosphere, whose conversation is the most brilliant or their culture the most extensive, but those who have had the power, ceasing suddenly to live only for themselves, to transform their personality into a sort of mirror, in such a way that their life, however mediocre it may be socially and even, in a sense, intellectually, is reflected by it, genius consisting in reflecting power and not int he intrinsic quality of the scene reflected.
Jana Elston|Your skin has a memory.In ten, twenty, thirty years from now, your skin will show the results of how it was treated today.So treat it kindly and with respect.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|Grant glanced down at his khaki jacket. Since he’d slipped on the US Navy uniform in Agent Bounter’s office, he’d felt a confident swagger possess him. His spine lengthened, and his shoulders retracted. He should’ve been wearing this every day, not the stupid dress shirt and slacks of a lounge singer.
Israelmore Ayivor|When stumbling blocks can become stepping stones, then these stones that the builders reject can equally become chief corner stones!
Michael  Grant, Hunger|A part of me understands the need to keep order, but another part worries that we are being led to fear the wrong things. It's just like Chinatown and all the laws passed to contain us. We were never the enemy. The enemy was our country's own fear.
R.S. Gompertz, Life's Big Zoo|Crushes are very strange things; they’re a warning sign in the word itself—crush: to deform, pulverize, or force inward by compressing forcefully. Whoever decided it was a good idea to equate deformity and compression to blooming affection was either very high or a genius—or maybe lost somewhere in between. But for good or bad, I could feel it: my heart pressing inward until the sound of it beating filled my ears again. I had a deformed, pulverized, compressed force on Chris, and there was nothing I could do about it.
Drew Lachey|My kids love it. I thought I was the coolest dad in the world when I got to be in a Bond film, but 'Harry Potter', too? Well, I think I qualify for a medal for exceptional parenting or something, don't you?
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|The look in his eyes reminded me of myself. We were both alone in a new environment, trapped by our circumstances, and we both needed to grow up much faster than planned. Who knew that once I’d have something common with a deer.
Thomas Carper|I miss New York. I like the country and I like the people. However, the U.S. political and legal system is prone to overreaction.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|When you dream, do not worry about how you must orchestrate events to ensure your success. Focus instead on why your dream is important to you. When you define your dream with razor-sharp clarity and articulate why you want to pursue it, answers about how to do it will begin to become clear.
Elizabeth Warren, A Fighting Chance|When you have no real power, go public -- really public. The public is where the real power is.
Andy Murray|Boxing, mixed martial arts and tennis are the hardest sports to train for.
Hyacil Han, Investing Made Easy: 50 Extremely Beneficial Business that are Undeniable Cash Cows|When an international financier is confronted by a holdup man with a gun, he automatically hands over not only his money and jewelry but also his shirt and pants, because it doesn't occur to him that a robber might draw the line somewhere.
Michael Shaara, The Killer Angels|I dream a world where man No other man will scorn, Where love will bless the earth And peace its paths adorn I dream a world where all Will know sweet freedom's way, Where greed no longer saps the soul Nor avarice blights our day. A world I dream where black or white, Whatever race you be, Will share the bounties of the earth And every man is free, Where wretchedness will hang its head And joy, like a pearl, Attends the needs of all mankind- Of such I dream, my world!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Identify and replace any limiting deep-rooted beliefs that are like a solid mental prison, including thoughts like, 'I’m not worthy,' 'I can’t do this,' 'I’m too old to start,' 'I don’t have the qualification or skills to become a better person,' 'I’m always the unlucky one,' 'I have nothing to give/say or contribute
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|And for the next long years of my life, I tried to remember only the reading, not the terrible things that happened to me as I came and went up and down the stairs. The library became my sanctuary. I loved the ways the precious stories took shape but always had room to be read again. I became fascinated with how writers did that. How did they make a story feel so complete and yet to open-ended? It was like painting a picture that changed each time you looked at it.
Santosh Adbhut Kumar|You don't have to fight with anybody else than you yourself to become a WINNER. The day you win over yourself, your success journey starts from then!!!
Michael Salter, Organised  Sexual Abuse|Allegations of multi-perpetrator and multi-victim sexual abuse emerged to public awareness in the early 1980s contemporaneously with the denials of the accused and their supporters. Multi-perpetrator sexual offences are typically more sadistic than solo offences and organised sexual abuse is no exception. Adults and children with histories of organised abuse have described lives marked by torturous and sometimes ritualistic sexual abuse arranged by family members and other care-givers and authority figures. It is widely acknowledged, at least in theory, that sexual abuse can take severe forms, but when disclosures of such abuse occur, they are routinely subject to contestation and challenge. People accused of organised, sadistic or ritualistic abuse have protested that their accusers are liars and fantasists, or else innocents led astray by overly zealous investigators. This was an argument that many journalists and academics have found more convincing than the testimony of alleged victims.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|You can do this by disciplining yourself to be selective in what you read, see, hear, say to yourself and the influence of others.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|They say live it how you want toOr else someone else will.This is my life, and I willLive it.
Nalo Hopkinson|...when an old person dies, a whole library disappears.
Kamand Kojouri|I love you so much I want to share youwith yourself.I know you do not insist that I do, but I love you so much I want to shareGod with you.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|The practice of meditation helps us to organize our thoughts and structure ourideas. Through the practice of meditation, we can open to the creative flow that is waiting to pour through us, infusing inspiration with passion. Meditation puts the mind in order and brings it under control, opening the door to receive this free flow of perfect energy. The unfocused mind is like a sledgehammer. The focused mind is like a sharp axe. Both tools can be used to take down a tree, but the axe is going to be much more efficient. Moreover, using the axe will allow you to work more swiftly, thereby saving much energy to get more done.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Freedom" -- we repeated to ourselves, and yet we could not grasp it. We had said this word so often during all the years we dreamed about it, that it had lost its meaning. Its reality did not penetrate into our consciousness; we could not grasp the fact that freedom was ours.
Craig Groeschel, Altar Ego: Becoming Who God Says You Are|Don’t worry when you meet opposition for obeying God. Worry when you don’t have opposition, because you’re probably not obeying God.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Have you honestly pondered your individual worth? Consider every lower life form in the world—the animals, plants, fouls and fishes. Consider the land forms and numerous earthly wonders. Consider the countless worlds beyond this planet as well as their stars and galaxies. And then consider yourself. Of all God’s creations, you were formed in His image, resembling the likeness of a God. That’s something to think about.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|If you manage yourself, you control the flow of your time to the right direction. It takes self-discipline to be at the center of control for your own time.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In race of life, you have to run at own speed.
Sholem Asch|Anything, anything to stop drowning in this dull, trivial and cowardly existence.
Elliott Erwitt|To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|She'd been the one to push him away this time, yet it hurt just as much as it had before. The door clicked closed behind him, and she gasped out a sob, her body shaking. Why had she said what she'd said? Why had she pushed him away like that?It made no sense. The only thing she wanted was to wrap her arms around him and never let him go.And that was why she didn't do it.Because once she did, she'd never let go. And she wasn't sure she'd survive if she had to watch him leave her again.
Timothy James Beck, When You Don't See Me|The strong times, the weak times-- they all come in waves. Trust me, none of us has it together.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|A disciple does not ask, "How much can I keep?" but, "How much more can I give?" Whenever we start to get comfortable with our level of giving, it's time to raise it again.
Stacy Snapp Killian aka StacyK|The author is still dead, folks!!
Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story|I'm here to tell you, there ain't much forgiveness in that old-time religion. That particular savior was a mean son of a bitch. If you sinned, honey, he was going to get you, no doubt about it.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|Words are too awful an instrument for good and evil to be trifled with: they hold above all other external powers a dominion over thoughts. If words be not (recurring to a metaphor before used) an incarnation of the thought but only a clothing for it, then surely will they prove an ill gift; such a one as those poisoned vestments, read of in the stories of superstitious times, which had power to consume and to alienate from his right mind the victim who put them on. Language, if it do not uphold, and feed, and leave in quiet, like the power of gravitation or the air we breathe, is a counter-spirit, unremittingly and noiselessly at work to derange, to subvert, to lay waste, to vitiate, and to dissolve.
Milan Kundera|Never had she let herself go in this way with another body, and never had another body let itself go with her in this way. Her lover could play with her belly, but he had never lived in there; he could touch her breast, but he never drunk from it.
Dmitry Dyatlov|If you are really doing all this for your kids, then why are you so mean to them?
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|To walk through unknown streets in cities where you are merely learning the language is to force yourself into a new state of hypervigilance. You are a traveler, and hopefully not just a tourist, and must appear calm, but maintain your bearings. Not to get too lost, too off course and without alternatives, without an escape plan in the event of a dangerous situation.
Henry A. Wallace|Standing, as I believe the United States stands for humanity and civilization, we should exercise every influence of our great country to put a stop to that war which is now raging in Cuba and give to that island once more peace, liberty, and independence.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Now we’ve a real intellectual impasse. Our reason, which is supposed to make things more intelligible, seems to be making them less intelligible, and when reason thus defeats its own purpose something has to be changed in the structure of our reason itself.
Kurt Angle|I learned early in sports that to be effective - for a player to play the best he can play - is a matter of concentration and being unaware of distractions, positive or negative.
Isaac Milioti|I knew that by this time tomorrow, I was going to be eternally grateful for falling down the stairs and knocking myself unconscious. Smartest dumbest thing I'd ever done.
Angus Young|Men do not accept their prophets and slay them, but they love their martyrs and worship those whom they have tortured to death.
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|Imagine that you were on the threshold of this fairytale, sometime billions of years ago when everything was created. And you were able to choose whether you wanted to be born to a life on this planet at some point. You wouldn’t know when you were going to be born, nor how long you’d live for, but at any event it wouldn’t be more than a few years. All you’d know was that, if you chose to come into the world at some point, you’d also have to leave it again one day and go away from everything. This might cause you a good deal of grief, as lots of people think that life in the great fairytale is so wonderful that the mere thought of it ending can bring tears to their eyes. Things can be so nice here that it’s terribly painful to think that at some point the days will run out. What would you have chosen, if there had been some higher power that had gave you the choice? Perhaps we can imagine some sort of cosmic fairy in this great, strange fairytale. What you have chosen to live a life on earth at some point, whether short or long, in a hundred thousand or a hundred million years? Or would you have refused to join in the game because you didn’t like the rules? (...) I asked myself the same question maybe times during the past few weeks. Would I have elected to live a life on earth in the firm knowledge that I’d suddenly be torn away from it, and perhaps in the middle of intoxicating happiness? (...) Well, I wasn’t sure what I would have chosen. (...) If I’d chosen never to the foot inside the great fairytale, I’d never have known what I’ve lost. Do you see what I’m getting at? Sometimes it’s worse for us human beings to lose something dear to us than never to have had it at all.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|He stopped, feeling lonely in his long speech.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|Is the music broke, Mommy?
S.C. Parris, The Dark World|I have seen a stunning amount of death and destruction. Creation yes, but more death than birth. Mankind has learned nothing from their forefathers. Their ancestors. It is true what they say: history does repeat itself, Delacroix, and those after history are left to make it, but how can they,” he removed his hand from the globe, waving it thoughtfully through the air, “when it has already been made?
Jean-Paul Sartre|Men rise from one ambition to another: first, they seek to secure themselves against attack, and then they attack others.
Whitney Wolfe|I truly believe that what we're seeing with online dating is very similar to what happened with the Myspace-Facebook era, where Myspace was once this place for online connecting for a very select group of young people. And then Facebook kind of hit at this moment where it was acceptable for everybody to do it.
Shira Anthony, The Dream of a Thousand Nights|She reached out, her fingers hesitant. The deer—Knox—tilted his head down, letting her touch his antlers. Her hand trembled slightly as she caressed the boney protrusion. The ivory tines were warmer than she thought they’d be, a living extension of the man inside. She petted his pelt next, charmed by the coarse fur and the feel of his muscles bunching and moving underneath.Sitting back, she winked up at him. "You probably get this a lot,but…nice rack.”The deer flashed back into a man who tackled her onto her pillows with a wolfy growl. “Always gotta be the smartass, don’t you?
Michael Crichton, Prey|There's one problem with all psychological knowledge - nobody can apply it to themselves. People can be incredibly astute about the shortcomings of their friends, spouses, children. But they have no insight into themselves at all. The same people who are coldly clear-eyed about the world around them have nothing but fantasies about themselves. Psychological knowledge doesn't work if you look in a mirror. This bizarre fact is, as far as I know, unexplained.
John A. Talbott, Year Book of Psychiatry and Applied Mental Health|During a period in which women and children’s testimony of incest and sexual abuse were gaining an increasingly sympathetic hearing, lobby groups of people accused of child abuse construed and positioned “ritual abuse” as the new frontier of disbelief. The term “ritual abuse” arose from child protection and psychotherapy practice with adults and children disclosing organized abuse, only to be discursively encircled by backlash groups with the rhetoric of “recovered memories”, “false allegations” and “moral panic”.Salter, M. (2011), Organized abuse and the politics of disbelief.
Jennifer Donnelly|...Listen to your own thoughts and feelings very carefully, be aware of your observations, and learn to value them. When you're a teenager—and even when you're older—lots of people will try to tell you what to think and feel. Try to stand still inside all of that and hear your own voice. It's yours and only yours, it's unique and worth of your attention, and if you cultivate it properly, it might just make you a writer.
J.R.R. Tolkien|It often horrified the English community that she spent her time with local farmers and horse traders, eccentrics and mystics, but she valued expertise over convention and had long believed if you were going to make discoveries in the world you must first quit your Englishness and open your eyes.
Al Sharpton|We readily go to the health club when our doctor suggests we need more exercise, but we regularly neglect the 'mental health club' that our well-being more truly requires.
Tanya Thompson, Assuming Names: A Con Artist's Masquerade|In a nutshell, I am not unaware of my failings. Neither am I a stranger to irony.
Leo Buscaglia|There are scores of people waiting for someone just like us to come along; people who will appreciate our compassion, our encouragement, who will need our unique talents. Someone who will live a happier life merely because we took the time to share what we had to give.
Kirsten Dunst|I had a couple of really cool friends when I was a kid, and we'd find cool music and movies and show them to each other. My friend Dennis had a copy of 'A Clockwork Orange' and he'd already seen it once, and he was like, 'We need to watch this.' I was sleeping over his house - and I think we were literally 15 - and we watched it.
Sharon Salzberg|When we relate to ourselves with loving kindness, perfectionism naturally drops away.
Ray Bradbury|More sports for everyone, group spirit, fun, and you don't have to think, eh? Organize and organize and superorganize super-super sports. More cartoons in books. More pictures. The mind drinks less and less. Impatience. Highways full of crowds going somewhere, somewhere, somewhere, nowhere. The gasoline refugee.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|What goes into our mind matters a lot to the success or failure of our lives. For so many people, what they heard triggered their steps that led them into discarding the real value of their lives. For so many people, what they heard became a spring board that shot the real value of their lives to a glorious height and for so many people, what they heard made them to choose never to do anything in life. Until you lose your hearing, you shall always hear. But, what you hear and what you deduce from what you hear must not just be distinctive but sound enough to make you take a distinctive step which will produce a distinctive footprint. If you fail to mind the seed of what goes into your mind today, you shall surely mind the fruits of what went into your mind yesterday tomorrow. Mind your mind!
Emma Nichols, Sin at Sea|I am a runner. Not an actual runner, like with shoes and sweat. Instead, I specialize in leaving uncomfortable situations with alarming speed. Some people need closure, I need space.
Deyth Banger|In so complex a thing as human nature, we must consider, it is hard to find rules without exception.
Gail Carriger, Blameless|There was a pleasantness to the air and a spirit about the town that did not come from its color, but from some inner, tasty citrus quality. It made Alexia wonder fancifully if cities could have souls.
Steven Brust, Iorich|In the event of a communication breakdown, decide whether you will dwell in the negative or rise above the angst and turmoil in a firm, positive manner and encourage all parties to listen and be heard.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|If your life is a miserable disaster, you might want to consider, that it's because you are doing something wrong.
David Finkel, Thank You for Your Service|Becca watched Tucker bend at the waist. Mmm, mmm. He was sure built nice. From the top of his felt hat to the tips of his worn leather boots. Those leather chaps he'd just slung around his hips weren't too bad, either.	He reached back to buckle the chap straps first around one jean-clad thigh, and then the other. And she'd thought the rodeo would be boring. Ha! She could watch Tucker do this all day. Buckle and unbuckle. Bend and stand.	She let out a sign filled with pure contentment. "All right, Em. I'll admit it. Cowboys are hot."	Next to her, Emma laughed. "Oh, yeah.
Fr James Groenings|Yes, brothers and sisters, the mission of the Church is glorious-to invite all of us to come unto Christ through proclaiming the gospel, perfecting our lives, and redeeming our dead. As we come unto Christ, we bless our own lives, those of our families, and our Father in Heaven's children, both living and dead. . . . "I pray that we will be obedient to God, learn His will and do it, and, above all, that we will keep the first and great commandment-to love the Lord with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength" ("Come Unto Christ," April 1988 General Conference).
Jean Déchanet, Christian Yoga|She had streaked blonde hair, long and straight, parted in the middle framing high cheek bones, an aquiline nose and beautiful deep blue eyes. She was young, around 30, tall and lithe with a good body, athletic, not skinny. She wore a sleeveless black dress that exposed her toned arms and shoulders, indicating regular workouts or yoga. There was a hint of vein running the length of her lean muscle. This girl stood out like an arabian in a corral full of draft horses.
Todd Barry|Watching television in those days was not the same experience as it is today. After years of listening to radio, we found the black-and-white images mesmerizing.
Morgan Spurlock|The United States has never been in a united state, it has never been a united state. It never will. Lines on screens and paper do not change that.
Bob Proctor|Money is only used for two things. One, it's to make you comfortable, and the more comfortable you are the more creative you will become. And the other purpose is it enables you to extend the service you provide far beyond your own presence.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It's one thing to be bitter about the circumstances of your birth, but another to drill your bitterness into the head of someone going through a rough time.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|And she learned that you couldn’t stockpile anything that mattered, really. Feelings, people, songs, sex, fireworks: they existed only in time, and when it was over, so were they.
Douglas Adams, The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul|I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Poor little place,' he murmured with a sigh.She heard him. He said the most melancholy things, but she noticed that directly he had said them he always seemed more cheerful than usual. All this phrase-making was a game, she thought, for if she had said half what he said, she would have blown her brains out by now.
Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life|My friend Madea has "attitude" that comes with wisdom. Back in our teens and twenties, we thought we knew everything and made all those foolish mistakes. Then, when we got a little older, at thirty, we started getting these flashes of light, revelations of what a great and lucky thing it is that we didn't get caught doing those stupid things back then. Around forty, if we are lucky, we stop lying to ourselves. Fifty and above, we've run out of patience for foolishness. Take me to the bottom line.
Sunday Adelaja|Knowledge evolves, understanding matures & wisdom progresses.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|My countrymen: we have reached a turning point in our history. The choice is yours. Shall we venture into this brave new world, bright with possibilities, or retreat to the safety of our familiar but sterile past? I am for crossing the frontier.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|We are programmed to succeed from birth, but we deprogram ourselves with believes
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Little girl," Cain begins, moving in close and speaking deliberately. "I know exactly what I want, but as long as you insist on continuing this charade, I will not claim you as mine again until you beg to hear those words from me." I stare at him, stunned at how the same cocksure attitude that floods my mind with contempt floods my body with excitement as he leans back, a satisfied smirk on his face. "I don't beg," I hiss."Not yet," is all he says.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|As psychologist Herb Goldberg reminds us in his book The Hazards of Being Male, 'The male has paid a heavy price for his masculine "privilege" and power.... He is out of touch with his emotions and his body. He is playing by the rules of the male game plan and with lemming-like purpose he is destroying himself--emotionally, psychologically, and physically.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Aha! What villains are these, that trespass upon my private lands! Come to scorn at my fall, perchance? Draw, you knaves, you dogs!
Dalai Lama XIV|The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be.
Elie Wiesel|I no longer ask You for either happiness or paradise; all I ask of You is to listen and let me be aware and worthy of Your listening. I no longer ask You to resolve my questions, only to receive them and make them part of You. I no longer ask You for either rest or wisdom, I only ask You not to close me to gratitude, be it of the most trivial kind, or to surprise and friendship. Love? Love is not Yours to give.As for my enemies, I do not ask You to punish them or even to enlighten them; I only ask You not to lend them Your mask and Your powers. If You must relinquish one or the other, give them Your powers, but not Your countenance.They are modest, my prayers, and humble. I ask You what I might ask a stranger met by chance at twilight in a barren land. I ask You, God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to enable me to pronounce these words without betraying the child that transmitted them to me. God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, enable me to forgive You and enable the child I once was to forgive me too. I no longer ask You for the life of that child, nor even for his faith. I only implore You to listen to him and act in such a way that You and I can listen to him together
Paul Keany, The Cocaine Diaries: A Venezuelan Prison Nightmare|I had heard of offices feeling like prisons, but in this case our prison felt, rather anticlimactically, like an office.
Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application|The Universal Consciousness's feeling is unqualified love for all of its creatures,no matter how foolish and desperate they act.
Charles Dickens|He straightened, assuming an odd attitude of dignity – as though it were another mask.
Ginni Rometty|Mr. Speaker, we are a blessed Nation. We have not suffered another attack on our soil since September 11, and we are grateful. We have killed or captured dozens of members of al Qaeda and the Taliban. Our military and intelligence forces are working both hard and smart.
Edward Hirsch|I didn't read poetry seriously until college, when I really began to devour it in a very intense way. I also discovered that a poet is a maker. Before that, I thought a poet was someone who wrote about his own experiences.
Yann Arthus-Bertrand|I've got to give my neighbors a bottle of wine or something because I was just screaming into microphones and learning how to play instruments, and it was a lesson in patience for them, I believe.
Alphonse Karr|He never seemed to grasp the immense mutability of human nature, nor to appreciate that behind every nondescript face lay a wild and unique hinterland like his own.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Innovation is the change, Change Management needs to be an integral part of innovation management.
Rowena Cherry, Insufficient Mating Material|If you neglected to warn Djetth beforehand that you were going to shoot him down, Your Highness, he may consider you in breach of contract...
Christine Caine|...our ability to achieve our dreams and fulfill our destiny is directly influenced by our thinking. How we think determines our responses, our ability to relate to others, our level of commitment, our priorities, and the dreams we will pursue.
Aldous Huxley, Ends and Means|All struggle, all resistance is -- must be -- concrete. And all struggle has a global resonance. If not here, then there. If not now, then soon. Elsewhere as well as here.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|The moor has always been part of my life. It’s like a muse: the colours of the heather and the sky; how you can see the savagery of the wind in the way the dwarf pine trees are bent double, the bleak lines of the landscape in winter when everything save the moss and the grass are dead, stones like bones, poking through a thin skin of bilberry bushes, rushes reflected in black bog water.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|Do you care for any contemporary authors?” Matthew inquired. “I adore Jane Austen.” Matthew nodded. “I find her portrait of British society so accurate and yet so dreadful.” “I agree. It must be awful to be so bound by what society expects,” Lisbeth answered. “I am so glad to have been born in America, where one has freedom.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude #1|Adults were constantly auditioning, but for what?
Na'ama Yehuda|Today, find a point of stillness: brief, but precious slight, but full small, but luminously real. Find a point stillness in the balance of all things between the breathing out and breathing in.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|Now, what I want is Facts. Teach these boys and girls nothing but Facts. Facts alone are wanted in life. Plant nothing else, and root out everything else. You can only form the minds of reasoning animals upon Facts; nothing else will ever be of any service to them.
Satish Kumar, The Buddha and the Terrorist|So it is with the mind, Nandini. Allow it to be in balance. Avoid extremes: the middle way is better. Neither force the mind too hard into concentration nor let it wander aimlessly. Meditation is to pay attention, to be aware of your breathing, your posture, your feelings, your perceptions, your thoughts, and all that passes through your mind and the mind itself; whatever is going on within you and between you and the universe. Meditation is not just sitting for an hour here or an hour there; meditation is a way of life. It is practiced all the time. There is no separation between meditation and everyday living. When you have ceased to be bound by the past or by the future, when you are fully present in the here and now, then it is meditation.
Jennifer Walkup, Second Verse|What is your secret? What could you possibly know, more than 80 years after you death, that someone doesn't want us to find out?
Sebastian Barry, Days Without End|I'm starting to realize that being born into this social world is a little like being born into clean air. You take it in as soon as you breathe, and pretty soon you don't even realize that while you can walk around with clear lungs, other people are wearing oxygen masks just to survive.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Hurts are just alerts, to rise above through love.
Kate Morton, The Distant Hours|My fingers positively itched to drift at length along their spines, to arrive at one whose lure I could not pass, to pluck it down, to inch it open, then to close my eyes and inhale the soul-sparking scent of old and literate dust.
Stephan Attia, Equinox|The comedy of the wicked,Is the tragedy of the saint;But the saint’s comedy,Is the wicked’s remedy.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A good artist does not just make imaginations beautiful to the mind, but also more pleasant to the eye with a superb visible touch of excellence.
Martha Beck|The happiness of one's own heart alone cannot satisfy the soul; one must try to include, as necessary to one's own happiness, the happiness of others.
Bill Watterson|Hobbes: Jump! Jump! Jump! I win! Calvin: You win? Aaugghh! You won last time! I hate it when you win! Aarrggh! Mff! Gnnk! I hate this game! I hate the whole world! Aghhh! What a stupid game! You must have cheated! You must have used some sneaky, underhanded mindmeld to make me lose! I hate you! I didn't want to play this idiotic game in the first place! I knew you'd cheat! I knew you'd win! Oh! Oh! Aarg! [Calvin runs in circles around Hobbes screaming "Aaaaaaaaaaaa", then falls over.] Hobbes: Look, it's just a game. Calvin: I know! You should see me when I lose in real life!
Dada Bhagwan|One first celebrates a ‘silver jubilee’, then a ‘golden jubilee’, then a ‘diamond jubilee’, but even then he goes back again into a pile of wood (cremation).
Larissa Ione, Reaver|Angels are bright still, though the brightest fell.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|You know that when a utility company is going down the fantasy route, they are likely hiding some illegal activity that they are engaging in. Fabricating fictional stories to their government regulator is just one of the many illegal activities that they engage in.
D.A. Henneman, Sea of Dreams|If only they could live in the twilight of their dreams, in the tiny moment before the harsh light of reality found them, perhaps they could be happy.
Damini Aggarwal, Zindagi Rewind|Until you won't step into the creepy road, you will never be able to tread a smooth path for yourself.
James Russell Lowell|All one's inventions are true, you can be sure of that. Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.
Ann Turner|In an area of more than 1,000 war graves and with birdsong as the only sound, I contemplated the thin margin between life and death. If the sniper's bullet had been just two feet to one side, my father's life would have been over, aged just 27, and I would never have been born.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|Trust is an act of the mind, while obedience is an act of the hands and feet.
Jonathan Glover, Humanity: A Moral History of the Twentieth Century|The reality is that in many countries torture of the most revolting cruelty happens routinely, often under the auspices of governments with good relations with Europe and the United States, sometimes using equipment knowingly supplied by Western companies. There is little reason to think torture is in retreat. The festival of cruelty is in full swing.
Ann Patchett, This Is the Story of a Happy Marriage|Listen she said, everything ends, every single relationship you will ever have in your lifetime is going to end.... I'll die, you'll die, you'll get tired of each other. You don't always know how it's going to happen, but it is always going to happen. So stop trying to make everything permanent, it doesn't work. I want you to go out there and find some nice man you have no intention of spending the rest of your life with. You can be very, very happy with people you aren't going to marry.
Chris Lange, A Touch Too Much|He extended a finger to her face, the simple gesture bringing into play the sleek muscles of his shoulders and arms. “You are so beautiful, so adorable. I know full well you’re my doom, and I don’t care.
Val Uchendu|There's no difficulty that love cannot conquer... no door love cannot open...No wall enough love will not bring down... only if we could love enough When love, skill, a talent or gift work together... we create a masterpieceLove someone with your skill, your talent or our gift... Make someone's life easier... Make someone happy today... Create your masterpiece today
Lailah Gifty Akita|With Jehovah- Jireh, life is a joyful journey.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|Every incident chips away at your limit. Every time you choose to stay, it makes the next time that much harder to leave. Eventually, you lose sight of your limit altogether, because you start to think, ‘I’ve lasted five years now. What’s five more?
Julie Burchill|I think social media has taken over for our generation. It's a big part of our lives, and it's kind of sad.
A.J. Jacobs, Drop Dead Healthy: One Man's Humble Quest for Bodily Perfection|As the avenues and streets of a city are nothing less than its arteries and veins, we may well ask what doctor would venture to promise bodily health if he knew that the blood circulation was steadily growing more congested!
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|They're crystal blue, a shade that shouldn't exist on the human body, I shade I immediately crave, a shade that makes my heart beat a little bit faster--almost as if I recognize it. I want to steal it, paint it, throw it into every room I ever decorate. It's the most perfect blue I've ever seen. Even from this distance his eyes are simply remarkable.
Scarlett Thomas, The End of Mr. Y|But the ground shakes, as if something's trying to push up from below, and I think of other people's mothers shaking out their duvets or even God shaking out the fabric of space-time.
Pawan Kalyan|Getting an audience is hard. Sustaining an audience is hard. It demands a consistency of thought, of purpose, and of action over a long period of time.
Euripides, Suppliant Women|I buried my father in my heart.Now he grows in me, my strange son, my little root who won’t drink milk, little pale foot sunk in unheard-of night, little clock spring newly wetin the fire, little grape, parent to the future wine, a son the fruit of his own son, little father I ransom with my life
Robert Teeter|Whatever he does should be seen as working at the Presidency and if he goes to Colorado for Christmas, it should be for a minimum amount of time, the family tradition and family get-together aspect emphasized, and it be seen as a working vacation.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|With or without our knowledge, we are all alchemists.
Sun Yat-sen|If you wish to be a success in the world, promise everything, deliver nothing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Herbs may be bitter, but cure.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|People fall in love without reason, without even wanting to. You can't predict it. That's love.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you can decide to invest all your time into giving birth to a quality product, the whole world will celebrate you and everyone will be in need of your product.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Man are nothing but results of genuineness, while god was busy doing mistakes.
Lana Wachowski| 'Not drinking?' Collin asked coolly. 'I only drink the blood of virgins,' Logan quipped. 'You must be dehydrated then.' A slow smile spread over Logan's face. 'A sense of humor... rare in a Templar.' 
Mehmet Murat ildan|I have learned in my journey of faith that, the closer I am walking with God, the more likely the devil will be working to make me stumble.
Debasish Mridha|Even if you are sad, don’t forget to sing the song of love.
John Battelle|My father always said, 'Never trust anyone whose TV is bigger than their book shelf' - so I make sure I read.
Catherine Gayle, Breakaway|There's as much benefit to wishing the world away as there is in demanding a bud to bloom," responded Iphigenia as she patted Prue's hand gently. "It's better to live presently. By living thus, perhaps we can learn to understand the nature of this fragile coexistence we share with the world around us.
Andrew Klavan|The world is full of opinions. But I am not searching for opinions, I'm searching for truths.
Abdolkarim Soroush|More than this, even in those white men who professed religion we found much inconsistency of conduct. They spoke much of spiritual things, while seeking only the material.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe in going with the flow. I don't believe in fighting against the flow. You ride on your river and you go with the tides and the flow. But it has to be your river, not someone else's. Everyone has their own river, and you don't need to swim,float,sail on their's, but you need to be in your own river and you need to go with it. And I don't believe in fighting the wind. You go and you fly with your wind. Let everyone else catch their own gusts of wind and let them fly with their own gusts of wind, and you go and you fly with yours.
Stephen Hawking|For millions of years, mankind lived just like the animals. Then something happened which unleashed the power of our imagination. We learned to talk and we learned to listen. Speech has allowed the communication of ideas, enabling human beings to work together to build the impossible. Mankind's greatest achievements have come about by talking, and its greatest failures by not talking. It doesn't have to be like this. Our greatest hopes could become reality in the future. With the technology at our disposal, the possibilities are unbounded. All we need to do is make sure we keep talking.
Topsy Gift|No one has the right to do wrong, even if wrong has been done to them.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|I have written in my life many critical poems, but viewed in retrospect, they were merely a human harmless reflection, and not a true likeness of the real society of today.
Charlie Rae|False hope is a terrible thing, if its the only thing keeping you alive you'll be dead by dawn.
Mark Sanchez|It was very hard for all of us. It's still very hard. The anniversary of his death just passed, and every single one of his friends, still, after all these years... it's unbelievable.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|The world is full of stupid people. That's why we have rules. But with enough intelligence, a person can be above the rules. She can make rules.
Greta Garbo|How can one change one's entire life and build a new one on one moment of love? And yet, that's what you make me want to close my eyes and do.
Charlie LeDuff, Detroit: An American Autopsy|Segmentation was wrong when it was forced by white people, and I believe it is still wrong when it is requested by black people.
Samantha Young, Hero|You’re lying to yourself. You’re holding this up as a way to keep me locked out. But it’s too late. I’m in. You love me.” I smiled softly as he closed his eyes and gritted his teeth against my words. “You love me,” I repeated, “and you’ll never hurt me. And I will never hurt you. I will never use you like they did, like they all did. Because I want you. Just you.
Karan Mahajan, The Association of Small Bombs|Like men who have failed together, they wanted nothing more than to never see each other again.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|You are so young, so much before all beginning, and I would like to beg you, dear Sir, as well as I can, to have patience with everything unresolved in your heart and to try to love the questions themselves as if they were locked rooms or books written in a very foreign language. Don't search for the answers, which could not be given to you now, because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps then, someday far in the future, you will gradually, without even noticing it, live your way into the answer.
David Marusek, Mind Over Ship|As they walked, it seemed almost every building had some similar contrivance as decoration, adorning the street in a cacophony of clangs, bangs and whirs. The street’s surroundings danced with steam and smoke, the scent of oil and grease its perfume.
Gloria Smith|Got to go sing in a few minutes... no, that's GOT to go sing in a few minutes, as in... GOT TO GO SING in a few minutes... hahaha It's an all consuming compassion/obsession... a drawing... a wonderful bliss... a union of soul and spirit, of notes and voice, of all of life's vibrating essence. String theory... all of life is vibrating, is alive, and the life of that essence is music itself!!
Peter Van Zant|He remembered the gracefulness with which she moved in battle—like liquid flesh. There was no one quite like his wife, and he never felt more triumphant and free than when he was in her company.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Change not only was inevitable, but usually brought its own rewards.
Noel Gallagher|No matter what your age is, you only have now. So it's always about living in the moment and being in the moment... I refuse to let those numbers define me, and I just try to face each day positively.
Mark P. Whitaker, Learning Politics From Sivaram: The Life and Death of a Revolutionary Tamil Journalist in Sri Lanka|Knowing what causes differentiation in human skin pigmentation, fascinating though that is, does not furnish a satisfactory explanation for the phenomenon of racism. Similarly, the biological explanation for why one person is right-handed whilst another is left-handed, is of less interest than why, even recently, being left-handed was considered such a stigma (…).Do we need to know what ‘causes’ homosexuality or heterosexuality? (…)Would the discovery of a genetic basis to sexual attraction finally undermine discrimination against non-heterosexual people by establishing that variations of sexual orientation are all equally rooted in nature? Or would it furnish powerful homophobic forces with a new weapon in their drive to undermine and remove the rights of non-heterosexual people, perhaps even the right to life itself? The infamous remarks of a senior religious leader (a former Chief Rabbi) in the UK a few years ago that, if a gay gene could be discovered, he would consider it morally acceptable to test pregnant women and offer them the option of aborting any foetus likely to develop into a non-heterosexual person - homophobic extermination in the womb - indicate that the huge moral and cultural debates around sexuality and human identity will not be solved either way by the biological sciences alone
Mark A. McCormick, The Remote Viewer|There will be no holding off, there will be no remorse and there will be no hesitation. They will die and they will die a horrible death. This is my pledge and vow, so bank on it and don’t try to stop me.
Lakesha Ruise|Opinions are like hearts. Everyone has one, but they are not ALL healthy.
Tehya Sky|Dance bravely into your own heart, and you will find the love of all.
Douglas Wilson|Like many people out there, I'm inspired by the level of attention to detail, design and execution of Apple products.
Paul Anka|Joy comes, grief goes, we know not how.
Earl Devere|Would you not say that peace is the greatest desire of true soldiers? Do we not have the most to lose from war? And businesses, most of them except military and oil ones, most of them have a vested interest in peace and prosperity. You cannot sell a house to a war refugee living in a tent, can you? Really hard tto sell an iPhone to a shattered victim. Businesses and corporatoons run this country. So yuou have to approach them with logic. Emotional appeals to the hippies of this world will not change minds. Stick to logic.- Shane Gibson, candidate for Governor, THE PLATOS ASCENSION BRIEF.
Deadpool|When a disease insinuates itself so potently into the imagination of an era, it is often because it impinges on an anxiety latent within that imagination. AIDS loomed so large on the 1980s in part because this was a generation inherently haunted by its sexuality and freedom; SARS set off a panic about global spread and contagion at a time when globalism and social contagion were issues simmering nervously in the West. Every era casts illness in its own image. Society, like the ultimate psychosomatic patient, matches its medical afflictions to its psychological crises; when a disease touches such a visceral chord, it is often because that chord is already resonating.
Morgan Rhodes, Crystal Storm|I believe in magic. In evil sorceresses who deep down are really beautiful princesses. I believe in immortals who live in a different world than this one, accessible by magical stone wheels.
Elizabeth Alder, The King's Shadow|The King once said to me, 'Harold, you stand above all other men.' I said, 'No, Sire. I want nothing more than to stand shoulder to shoulder with my men. I am nothing without them.
Damien Rice|See not the face..but only the eyes, of the poker face.
Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin|True genius without heart is a thing of nought - for not great understanding alone, not intelligence alone, nor both together, make genius. Love! Love! Love! that is the soul of genius.
Jean Thompson|No emotion was supposed to cross the great divide of class. Affection could erase all hierarchy; in this was the danger, and the delight.
Raheel Farooq|Bodily vigor is good, and vigor of intellect is even better, but far above both is character. It is true, of course, that a genius may, on certain lines, do more than a brave and manly fellow who is not a genius; and so, in sports, vast physical strength may overcome weakness, even though the puny body may have in it the heart of a lion. But, in the long run, in the great battle of life, no brilliancy of intellect, no perfection of bodily development, will count when weighed in the balance against that assemblage of virtues, active and passive, of moral qualities, which we group together under the name of character; and if between any two contestants, even in college sport or in college work, the difference in character on the right side is as great as the difference of intellect or strength the other way, it is the character side that will win.
Marie Brennan, The Voyage of the Basilisk|Jake shrugged, in the way that only nine-year-old children can manage -- and usually male children at that, girls not being permitted the same kind of insouciance.
Eric Ries, The Lean Startup: How Today's Entrepreneurs Use Continuous Innovation to Create Radically Successful Businesses|Tradition is the prison where change is detained... To make a change, you need to agree that you are not going with the statement "this is how we do it"! Yes, that was how it was done, but what next? Agree to change!
Frederick Marryat, The Phantom Ship|And all I could see would be stars. And stars are the places where the molecules that life is made of were constructed billions of years ago. For example, all the iron in your blood which stops you from being anemic was made in a star.
Alyssa B. Sheinmel, Faceless|For everything that's known about Lyme disease, there are still an extraordinary number of unknowns in some fairly fundamental areas.
Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine|It is not your fate that is your verdict, but how you deal with your fate. If you find yourself in a story contrary to every vow you have made or wish to make, then you must silence your mind and observe everything closely. You must see the patterns of possible fates in the world around you and choose that which your holy soul tells you to choose." - Thordis, Thunder priestess
Moroaswi Tumiso Victor, Divine (Godhead) Principles: Christ Alive in You|At lunch you order steamed vegetables because you're remembering that you have a heart too. You feel humbled by your heart, it works so hard. You want to thank it. You give your heart a little pat
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|In some ways I admire Aunt Helen's unwavering certainty in God's divine plan. It must be comforting, to have faith like that. To believe so concretely that there's someone—something—out there watching guard, keeping us safe, testing us only with what we can handle. I've never believed in anything the way Aunt Helen believes in God.
Mark Sherman Smeester|Imitations are not flattering. Nobody likes feeling like an option,
Angie karan|When you are in neutral, you are completely open to whatever information needs to come through at that time for the highest good. We simply can’t be neutral if our emotions get in the way.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|You your own best thing, Sethe. You are.
Miller H.T.|Change is the watchword of progression. When we tire of well-worn ways, we seek for new. This restless craving in the souls of men spurs them to climb, and to seek the mountain view.
James Fenton|English poetry begins whenever we decide to say the modern English language begins, and it extends as far as we decide to say that the English language extends.
Dan Greenberg|Indeed, organizing atheists has been compared to herding cats, because they tend to think independently and will not conform to authority. But a good first step would be to build up a critical mass of those willing to 'come out,' thereby encouraging others to do so. Even if they can't be herded, cats in sufficient numbers can make a lot of noise and they cannot be ignored.
Rudyard Kipling, The Jungle Books|Our instinct may be to see the impossibility of tracking everything down as frustrating, dispiriting, perhaps even appalling, but it can just as well be viewed as almost unbearably exciting. We live on a planet that has a more or less infinite capacity to surprise. What reasoning person could possibly want it any other way?
Rachel Held Evans, Evolving in Monkey Town: How a Girl Who Knew All the Answers Learned to Ask the Questions|(About changing faith) At our best, Christians embrace it, leaving enough space within orthodoxy for God to surprise us every now and then.
Harriet Dyer, The Little Book of Feminism|Studies introduced ideas such as the theory that parents pushing their children to play with gendered toys meant children learned to act a certain way according to whether they were a boy or a girl, which was then taken to mean they were "naturally" feminine/masculine.
Ankit Samrat|Lost child ,Open dreams .
Debasish Mridha|In the soul of a lover, it is always spring where flowers of ecstasy are always blooming. Music of love is always playing.
Ken Ilgunas, Trespassing Across America: One Man's Epic, Never-Done-Before (and Sort of Illegal) Hike Across the Heartland|On a hike, the days pass with the wind, the sun, the stars; movement is powered by a belly full of food and water, not a noxious tankful of fossil fuels. On a hike, you're less a job title and more a human being....A periodic hike not only stretches the limbs but also reminds us: Wow, there's a big old world out there.
Sam Shepard, Fool for Love|If you can just stop loving her then you never really loved her at all. Love doesn't work that way. If you ever truly love someone, then it never goes away. It can become something else. There are all different sorts of love. It can even become hate- a thin line and all that- and, really, hate is just another kind of caring.
Erich Fromm, Man for Himself: An Inquiry into the Psychology of Ethics|If faith cannot be reconciled with rational thinking, it has to be eliminated as an anachronistic remnant of earlier stages of culture and replaced by science dealing with facts and theories which are intelligible and can be validated.
Julian Assange|Our grandkids will lead the lives of the gods of mythology. Zeus could think and move objects around. We'll have that power. Venus had a perfect, timeless body. We'll have that, too. Pegasus was a flying horse. We'll be able to modify life in the future.
J.K. Rowling|You can't live without failing at something, unless you love so cautiously you might as well have nit lived at all, in which case, you fail be default.
Noam Chomsky, How the World Works|The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum—even encourage the more critical and dissident views. That gives people the sense that there’s free thinking going on, while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being reinforced by the limits put on the range of the debate.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|I could have screamed, but I didn't. I could have fought, but I didn't. I just lay there and let it happen, wathcing the winter-white sky go gray above me. One wolf prodded his nose into my hand and agianst my cheek, casting a shadow along my face. His yellow eyes looked into mine as the other wolves moved me this way and that. I held onto those eyes for as long as I could. Yellow. And, up close, flecked brillantly with every shade of gold and hazel. I didn't want him to look away, and he didn't. I wanted to reach out and grab a hold of his ruff, but my hands stayed curled to my chest, my arms frozen to my body. I couldn't remember what it felt like to be warm. Then he was gone, without him, the other wolves closed in, too close, sufficating. Something seemed too flutter in my chest. There was no sun; there was no light. I was dying. I couldn't remember what the sky looked like. But I didn't die, I was lost in a sea of cold, and then I was reborn into a sea of warmth. I remember this: his yellow eyes. I thought I would never see them again.
Richard Armour|My thoughts on gay marriage are that everyone has the right to love and be loved, and that's the position I take.
Charlaine Harris, Club Dead|Love. She was aware that, to some people, this would be a warm-fuzzy type of feeling. For her, it was pure, unadulterated terror.
V.E. Schwab|Everyone is a different book, with a different cover, different contain but the question is do you dare to open it?
John Owen, The Mortification of Sin|Reproof is unavoidable. God’s Word demands it when a brother falls into open sin. The practice of discipline in the congregation begins in the smallest circles. Where defection from God’s Word in doctrine or life imperils the family fellowship and with it the whole congregation, the word of admonition and rebuke must be ventured. Nothing can be more cruel than the tenderness that consigns another to his sin. Nothing can be more compassionate than the severe rebuke that calls a brother back from the path of sin. It is a ministry of mercy, an ultimate offer of genuine fellowship, when we allow nothing but God’s Word to stand between us, judging and succoring. Then it is not we who are judging; God alone judges, and God’s judgment is helpful and healing. Ultimately, we have no charge but to serve our brother, never to set ourselves above him, and we serve him even when we must speak the judging and dividing Word of God to him, even when, in obedience to God, we must break off fellowship with him. We must know that it is not our human love which makes us loyal to the other person, but God’s love which breaks its way through to him only through judgment. Just because God’s Word judges, it serves the person. He who accepts the ministry of God’s judgment is helped.
L.A. Casey, Alec|I rolled my eyes. "Just go get your tattoo before I change me mind, you dirty fuck."Alec waggled his eyebrows. "I'd give you a dirty fuck, kitten.
Vladimir Nabokov, Mary|Nostalgia in reverse, the longing for yet another strange land, grew especially strong in spring.
Shawn Ashmore|Any relationship should have love, and if there is no love, it is better to call off a relationship. People say that love happens only once, but I don't believe in it because for me, if one relationship doesn't work, you should move on and seek love in another relationship. Who knows; you might find love in the second relationship.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|Teagan: How long has it been since you read a book that didn’t havevampires in it?Abby: They write books with no vampires? Wait...the penguins made us read that Shakesrear guy, right?Teagan: Shakespeare.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|To whom is an international corporation answerable? Often they do not employ workers. They outsource manufacturing to places far away. If wages rise in one place, they can, almost instantly, transfer production to somewhere else. If a tax regime in one country becomes burdensome, they can relocate to another. To whom, then, are they accountable? By whom are they controllable? For whom are they responsible? To which group of people other than shareholders do they owe loyalty? The extreme mobility, not only of capital but also of manufacturing and servicing, is in danger of creating institutions that have power without responsibility, as well as a social class, the global elite, that has no organic connection with any group except itself.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The closer you are to the end of your temporal trials, the louder the voice of critics. Close your ears to the heavy downpours of their discouragements. God whispers; “I am with you”!
Kelley Armstrong, The Reckoning|In an instant he forgot Joe's poem about Japan except the part about 'you are the bell, and I am the tongue of the bell, ringing you,' and a new sound entered his life, like when he was a kid and he first heard the sound of horses clip-clopping and he asked his mother in wonder, "What's that sound, because I've never heard it before?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Are you so dead inside you don't feel the daily anguish, terror and deathly suffering of millions? What happened to you? You've changed.
John Dewey, Experience and Education|A genuine purpose always starts with an impulse. Obstruction of the immediate execution of an impulse converts it into a desire. Nevertheless neither impulse nor desire is itself a purpose. A purpose is an end-view. That is, it involves foresight of the consequences which will result from acting upon impulse.
Marc Maron, Attempting Normal|I was an abusive, selfish, needy, angry asshole. Now I'm just kind of selfish, a little less angry, occasionally needy, with flights of asshole. I've grown.
N.T. Wright, The Challenge of Easter|FIRST AMENDMENT No one shall give a damn about your religion. Freedom of speech doesn’t mean you can say whatever you want about prayer and God and rules and gays, and everyone else has to take it. It means you can say whatever you want about all that, but I can then say back to you, “Your church is a cult, and all the women in it are fat.” So suck it up, Brother Daryl.
Jesse Haubert|Water will, increasingly, be detained, stored and then recycled or infiltrated in gardens.
Carly Rae Jepsen|I don't want to be Mr. Romantic Leading Man. I don't want to be the Dance Dude. I don't want to be the Action Guy. If I had to do any one of those all my life, it'd drive me crazy.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|The infinitesimal seedlings became a forest of trees that grew courteously, correcting the distances between themselves as they shaped themselves to the promptings of available light and moisture, tempering the climate and the temperaments of the Scots, as the driest land became moist and the wettest land became dry, seedlings finding a mean between extremes, and the trees constructing a moderate zone for themselves even into what I would have called tundra, until I understood the fact that Aristotle taught, while walking in a botanic garden, that the middle is fittest to discern the extremes. ("Interim")
Amit Kalantri, One Bucket of Tears|People not only stood to respect it but perhaps their thoughts and heartbeats came to standstill, and only inspiration and patriotism was flowing through their veins.
Steve Maraboli|Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness... but only when you pay your taxes? That means your freedom is rented, leased, & not unalienable.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I’m chasing the wrong thing, what I’m chasing will end up chasing me. And in the end, I’m less likely to be the one doing the catching.
Debasish Mridha|We evaluate, measure, and describe this world from our own point of view, but how does a tree see the world?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Reject sin, seek righteousness.
Shivam Singh|Hatred or disliking for someone is something that doesn't come easily but once it comes, it make sure not to leave your heart and mind and stay there either for ever or a long time.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You have to understand the sea, he said, to listen to her, to look out for her moods, to get to know her and respect her and love her. Only then can you build boats that feel at home on the sea.
Scott Jurek, Eat and Run: My Unlikely Journey to Ultramarathon Greatness|It has been a wonderful experience to compete in the Olympic Games and to bring home a gold medal. But since I have been a young lad, I have had my eyes on a different prize. You see, each one of us is in a greater race than any I have run in Paris, and this race ends when God gives out the medals.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|We remained talking, fighting gently or viciously for what seemed like hours, but it was only minutes or perhaps a second, because it was only a dream.
Satish Kumar|When we honestly take stock of our ability, we are then granted the opportunity to improve our circumstance. Accessing where you stand is the only way to stand somewhere else.
Kaleb Kilton|When you have so little, just the smallest thing can make you happy
Christian de Duve|Technology has enormous potential to address educational needs more efficiently, help teachers improve their performance, and enrich and individualize student learning.
Charles Stanley|Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
Jeff Wilser, The Good News About What's Bad for You . . . The Bad News About What's Good for You|If someone's a racist, punch them in the mouth so they will be sadder, and therefore less likely to stereotype. (Even if Fargas's theory is flawed, on the upside, at least you've punched a racist in the mouth.)
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|If you say something and reject any criticism, then your words truly meant to advise yourself.
Dawn Casey-Rowe, Don't Sniff the Glue: A Teacher's Misadventures in Education Reform|One day, the lotus spoke again. "You remember me? The flower that grows through the mud?" I did. I said as much. "Have you ever considered my significance? I'm everywhere - art, religion, nature.... Have you ever wondered why?" ... It spoke, "Nothing touches me. I radiate beauty. You can do the same." "How?" I asked. "Easy," it said. "I grow in a pond. I take the water and nutrients I need to grow, and let the rest sink to the bottom. What's in mud, anyway? Water, nutrients, life and a little bit of sludge. Let the sludge go like I do. Then stand tall above the leaves.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Nobody ever talks about the pyramids that weren't built, the books that weren't written, the songs that weren't sung. Stop letting your fear condemn you to mediocrity. Get out of your own way. Your dreams are a poetic reflection of your soul's wishes. Be courageous enough to follow them. There is no greater time than now to experience the full power of your potential. Make this the day you take the first step in the beautiful journey of bringing your dreams to life.
A.D.Y. Howle|To live is to be marked. To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know.
Martyn Stanley|A pessimist says the glass is half empty, an optimist says the glass is half full, and an engineer says the glass is too big.
Poppy Z. Brite, Lost Souls|Maybe they did what they had to do to live, and tried to get a little love and have a little fun before the darkness took them.
C.S. Lewis|But the great thing to remember is that, though our feelings come and go, His love for us does not. It is not wearied by our sins, or our indifference; and, therefore, it is quite relentless in its determination that we shall be cured of those sins, at whatever cost to us, at whatever cost to Him.
Deyth Banger|When I'm focusing on what's important to God, I live differently. I invest my time differently.
Kate Meader, Playing with Fire|Knowing what she did to him made her feel powerful, just as knowing what he did to her made her feel weak.
Steven Magee, Health Forensics|Respect your body, and look forward to feeling healthy and clean. Your body deserves better than laboratory-made sweetness.
Cybill Shepherd|A lot of knowledge in any kind of an organization is what we call task knowledge. These are things that people who have been there a long time understand are important, but they may not know how to talk about them. It's often called the culture of the organization.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Yes...and I'm worried that if you get into the habit of making out with your instructors, you'll wind up making out with him too.""Don't be sexist. They could find me a female instructor.""In that case, you have my permission to make out with her as long as I can watch.
Chris Lynch, Angry Young Man|The right word at the right time helps you make sense of the world. It helps, but sometimes not a lot.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Sooner or later in life, we will all take our own turn being in the position we once had someone else in.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It is the possibility of the dream, which quickens my spirit to take action.
Henri Nouwen|The only answer to fear is faith in God, knowing He loves you unconditionally and individually.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|Man has no automatic code of survival. His particular distinction from all other living species is the necessity to act in the face of alternatives by means of volitional choice. He has no automatic knowledge of what is good for him or evil, what values his life depends on, what course of action it requires. Are you prattling about an instinct of self-preservation? An instinct of self-preservation is precisely what man does not possess. An 'instinct' in as unerring and automatic form of knowledge. A desire is not an instinct. A desire to live does not give you the knowledge required for living. And even man's desire to live is not automatic: your secret evil today is that that is the desire you do not hold. Your fear of death is not a love of life and will not give you the knowledge needed to keep it. Man must obtain his knowledge and choose his actions by a process of thinking, which nature will not force him to perform. Man has the power to act as his own destroyer--and that is the way he has acted through most of history.
R.M. Engelhardt (TALON), The Last Cigarette: The Collected Poems Of R.M. Engelhardt 1989-2006|...I guess you're right - I am a priest - I offer sacrifices - so take this line, I want you to have something of mine...
William Arthur Ward|When anyone asks me about the Irish character, I say look at the trees. Maimed, stark and misshapen, but ferociously tenacious.
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|Sometimes this book stays in the present, other times I try to cut myself in half and count the rings. Occasionally I think about the future, but I try to do that sparingly because it usually makes me anxious.
Willie Geist|One time, on Marine One, the president asked me my opinion. I had a flashback to being at the kitchen table with my dad. That dominant male figure set me up for being confident to express myself with precision and persuasion.
Jean Bricmont, Humanitarian Imperialism: Using Human Rights to Sell War|It’s not our place to judge the guilt or innocence of the prisoners, Nurse Webster. The sooner you learn that the better. Any other approach just leads to conflicts of duty and undermines the smooth running of the institution. We are here to ensure that the prisoners are dealt with firmly and professionally. It’s up to their lawyers to handle matters pertaining to their sentences.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|We take off into the cosmos, ready for anything: for solitude, for hardship, for exhaustion, death. Modesty forbids us to say so, but there are times when we think pretty well of ourselves. And yet, if we examine it more closely, our enthusiasm turns out to be all a sham. We don't want to conquer the cosmos, we simply want to extend the boundaries of Earth to the frontiers of the cosmos. For us, such and such a planet is as arid as the Sahara, another as frozen as the North Pole, yet another as lush as the Amazon basin. We are humanitarian and chivalrous; we don't want to enslave other races, we simply want to bequeath them our values and take over their heritage in exchange. We think of ourselves as the Knights of the Holy Contact. This is another lie. We are only seeking Man. We have no need of other worlds. A single world, our own, suffices us; but we can't accept it for what it is. We are searching for an ideal image of our own world: we go in quest of a planet, a civilization superior to our own but developed on the basis of a prototype of our primeval past. At the same time, there is something inside us which we don't like to face up to, from which we try to protect ourselves, but which nevertheless remains, since we don't leave Earth in a state of primal innocence. We arrive here as we are in reality, and when the page is turned and that reality is revealed to us - that part of our reality which we would prefer to pass over in silence - then we don't like it anymore.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Whats the difference between a king and his horse?I dont mean some kiddy shit like one has 4 legs and the other has 2, or ones a person and ones an animal. If their form, ability, and power is exactly the same, then why is it one becomes the king and controls the battle and the other one becomes the horse and carries the king? There's only one answer...INSTINCT!!!
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Properly speaking, altruism is an absurdity. Women are self-sacrificing in direct proportion to their incapacity to offer anything but this sacrifice. They sacrifice what they never had: a self. The cry of the deserted woman, 'What have I done to deserve this?' reveals at once the false emotional economy that she has been following.
Kent Haruf|I think the purpose of life is to know who we are to ourselves and others, to know where we are in terms of time and place, and to do what we can to stay alive. what happens thereafter is the purpose of death.
Katherine McIntyre, Hunting for Spring|...because loving you is a crime. Which I love to commit each time, every day, whenever I see you, because that's how I love you.
Sami Abouzid|Oh, I told You once and I told You twiceTake this Call of love , Never think TwiceCome share My love , Come share My love again
Radhanath Swami|The whole basis of the Constitution was a restriction of power, and the whole basis of the federalist system was that there was not one sovereign centralized power from which all authority flows.
