Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|I tried to do it all myself: be mommy and camp counselor and art teacher and prereading specialist (and somehow, in my off-hours, to do my own work). I tried my absolute best. And like so many of the moms around me, I started to go a little crazy.
Amy Harmon|True beauty, the kind that doesn't fade or wash off, takes time. It takes pressure. It takes incredible endurance. It is the slow drip that makes the stalactite, the shaking of the Earth that creates mountains, the constant pounding of the waves that breaks up the rocks and smooths the rough edges. And from the violence, the furor, the raging of the winds, the roaring of the waters, something better emerges, something that would otherwise never exist.And so we endure. We have faith that there is purpose. We hope for things we can't see. We believe that there are lessons in loss, power in love, and that we have within us the potential for a beauty so magnificent that our bodies can't contain it
William Penn|Sense never fails to give them that have it, Words enough tomake them understood. It too often happens in some conversations,as in Apothecary Shops, that those Pots that are Empty, or haveThings of small Value in them, are as gaudily Dress'd as those thatare full of precious Drugs.They that soar too high, often fall hard, making a low and levelDwelling preferable. The tallest Trees are most in the Power of theWinds, and Ambitious Men of the Blasts of Fortune. Buildings haveneed of a good Foundation, that lie so much exposed to theWeather.
C. JoyBell C.|In order to change the world, you must first change yourself. In order to have the right to see what is wrong with the world, you must first earn that right through seeing what is wrong with yourself. We do not become influencers, leaders and teachers, through pulling on our better attributes and applying those better attributes to a broken world like a healing balm; rather, we become influencers, leaders and teachers in this world, by performing within ourselves the purging that we wish to see take place in others.
Salman Rushdie|To some extent, people who are insane are nonconformists, and society and their family wish they would live what appear to be useful lives.
Jaye Frances, The Beach|Ah yes, now you’re beginning to feel it. It’s so satisfying to see my best efforts coming to fruition. Undoubtedly one of the most gratifying rewards of my profession. It would warm my heart—if I had one.
Girish Kohli|In the depths of his soul Ivan Ilyich knew that he was dying... he simply did not, he could not possibly understand it. The example of a syllogism he had studied in Kiesewetter's logic - Caius is a man, men are mortal, therefore Caius is mortal-- had seemed to him all his life to be correct only in relation to Caius, but by no means himself. For the man Caius, man in general, it was perfectly correct; but he was not Caius and not man in general, he had always been quite, quite separate from all other human beings...And Caius is indeed mortal, and it's right that he die, but for me, Vanya, Ivan Ilyich, with all my feelings and thoughts-- for me it's another matter. And it cannot be that I should die. It would be too terrible.So it felt to him.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|I have learned that if you must leave a place that you have lived in and loved and where all your yesteryears are buried deep, leave it any way except a slow way, leave it the fastest way you can. Never turn back and never believe that an hour you remember is a better hour because it is dead. Passed years seem safe ones, vanquished ones, while the future lives in a cloud, formidable from a distance.
John Steinbeck, The Red Pony|Sometimes, some rare times, a secret stays undiscovered because it is something too big for the mind to hold. It is too strange, too vast, too terrifying to contemplate. All of us have secrets in our lives. We're keepers or kept from, players or played.
Wordions|Riley said. “Two women being in love, isn’t that an abomination?”“True love in any form is always encouraged,” Priest said.She looked at Riley. “You’re in love with her?”Riley said, “Yeah. Head over heels.”Priest smiled. “I’m happy to hear it. You deserve some happiness.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Most of the people will try to prove your right ideas as wrong, so share your ideas carefully or not at all.
Victoria Schwab, The Archived|Lying is easy. But it's lonely.""What do you mean?""When you lie to everyone about everything, what's left? What's true?""Nothing," I say."Exactly.
Christian D. Larson|The average mind requires a change of environment before he can change his thought. He has to go somewhere or bring into his presence something that will suggest a new line of thinking and feeling. The master mind, however, can change his thought whenever he so desires. A change of scene is not necessary, because such a mind is not controlled from without. A change of scene will not produce a change of thought in the master mind unless he so elects.
Freida Pinto|My sister's journal was the romantic one with boys, and mine was talking about my rock tumbler. We were so different and so similar.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|A girl's life was defined by lines: fine lines, hairlines, bikini lines, class lines, the tightrope line between being a good girl and a slut. But there was always a moment when the lines blurred and a good girl had to decide whether to toe the line, cross the line, or stay safe behind the line that guarded her virtue.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|You see yourself as a shipwreck, but we see your treasure glowing inside, beneath the oceans in your eyes.
Joseph P. Kauffman, Stillness: A Guide to Finding Your Inner Peace|The majority of people in modern society feel separated—from the world, each other, and themselves. This feeling of separation is a resultfrom we humans attempting to separate ourselves from nature, and consequently forgetting who we really are.
Simon Greenleaf|I'm currently single, so I want to have fun! As for what guys need to do to date out of their league, it's all about the swagger. If you have confidence, you can get pretty much any girl.
Plato, The Republic|And whenever any one informs us that he has found a man who knows all the arts, and all things else that anybody knows, and every single thing with a higher degree of accuracy than any other man –whoever tells us this, I think that we can only imagine him to be a simple creature who is likely to have been deceived by some wizard or actor whom he met, and whom he thought all-knowing, because he himself was unable to analyze the nature of knowledge and ignorance and imitation.
Yohji Yamamoto|I think perfection is ugly. Somewhere in the things humans make, I want to see scars, failure, disorder, distortion.
Bernie Mac|What material success does is provide you with the ability to concentrate on other things that really matter. And that is being able to make a difference, not only in your own life, but in other people's lives.
Deepika Padukone|Even if I did have, you know, a 'Sports Illustrated' body, I'd still wear elegant clothes.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|But sometimes, unexpectedly, grief pounded over me in waves that left me gasping; and when the waves washed back, I found myself looking out over a brackish wreck which was illumined in a light so lucid, so heartsick and empty, that I could hardly remember that the world had ever been anything but dead.
Lavie Tidhar, The Violent Century|Think of the future, she whispers. Jumbled images in primary colours. White and red swastika flags waving in the wind; gleaming rockets flying into the air; skyscrapers rise above the Danube, the Thames, the Volga and the Rhine, blond children play under a bright African sun, their uniforms ironed to perfection by their servant-slaves nearby, modern women work at factories assembling Volkswagens, in the mountains in a wood cabin Maria and Erich and their three children go on a skiing holiday, laughing, holding hands…
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|But friendship is precious, not only in the shade but in the sunshine of life; & thanks to a benevolent arrangement of things, the greater part of life is sunshine. I will recur for proof to the days we have lately passed. On these indeed the sun shone brightly.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|.burn, everybody likes to watch the fire..
V.S. Carnes|Somehow, I did not finger you for a treasure-hunter.”“Oh, but I am,” without shame. “Her name is Titianni Aziz.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|An extraordinarily rare ability is in your possession. Hone the skills so you effectively utilize your gift. As we speak and as you wile away your time, the aswang is preparing to strike again. Lives are at stake!
Emilie Autumn|Women who focus on style over substance usually find themselves in a big fucking hole, with other men who want to fuck the hole. Oh so smooth, and none sophistacted. Because, you know, how sophisticated can hole-fucking really be
Bill Nye|Yuri Gagarin, the first man in space, may have had his charms, but he really couldn't be considered hip.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|They walked to school, talking about how much they were longing for the summer holidays."Oh, I am planning things," said Jamie. "Great, great things. I could join a band.""You gave up the guitar after two lessons.""Well," he said, "I could be a backup dancer.""Backup dancers have to wear belly shirts and glitter," said Mae. "So obviously, I support this plan.
Christine Lagarde|I don't think I was a good model. I think I was born to emote and act. I would walk down the ramp and smile and they used to say, 'Give us a blank look.' It was really difficult not to smile.
Theophilus London|With breast cancer, it's all about detection. You have to educate young women and encourage them to do everything they have to do.
Kahlen Aymes, Don't Forget to Remember Me|Okay?” Even if she deserved to be punished, he always let her know he cared about her.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|In any case, I hadn’t gone into the subject of dorm living too deeply with him, not because I hesitated to probe his tender spots but because I would have been probing my own. This is called tact, and is reputed to be a virtue.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I had lines inside me, a string of guiding lights. I had language. Fiction and poetry are doses, medicines. What they heal is the rupture reality makes on the imagination. I had been damaged, and a very important part of me had been destroyed - that was my reality, the facts of my life. But on the other side of the facts was who I could be, how I could feel. And as long as I had words for that, images for that, stories for that, then I wasn't lost.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Criticism can never instruct or benefit you. Its chief effect is that of a telegram with dubious news. Praise leaves no glow behind, for it is a writer's habit to remember nothing good of himself. I have usually forgotten those who have admired my work, and seldom anyone who disliked it. Obviously, this is because praise is never enough and censure always too much.
Donald Trump|If you're sitting in your minivan, playing your computer animated films for your children in the back seat, is it the animation that's entertaining you as you drive and listen? No, it's the storytelling. That's why we put so much importance on story. No amount of great animation will save a bad story.
Brandon Andress, And Then the End Will Come!: But Five Things You Need to Know in the Meantime|If economies collapse and lawlessness rules and resources are scarce, many people who claim with their mouths that they follow Jesus... will abandon him with their lives.
Michael Joling|Even the strongest, most well-built team will, at times, be met with adversity.  What makes us great is not that we should anticipate less adversity the stronger that we become, but rather that in anticipation of adversity we become stronger.”  -Michael Joling
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|And I guess I'm the assignment that will put you right with your family?""Yes.""It's no' going to happen, lass."She turned her head to him. "Then why did you bring me with you tonight?""Something I've been asking myself.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you can cull an animal, or kill a human , and sleep well, does not mean you are any more well than a sick animal.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Somebody is observing my writings, I know that.That's one reason why I keep reading and writing.
Debasish Mridha|Love every one as you love your little daughter and son, because everybody is somebody's daughter and son.
Sylvia Day, Reflected in You|What was she thinking? He was her mechanic, not a piece of meat. Although, if he were a piece of meat, he’d be a big, juicy porterhouse, the naughtier side of her thought. -Gabby, Love in Greener Pastures
Toni Sorenson|New thinking doesn't mean shuffling your old thoughts around; it means getting rid of the old and implementing the new. That way your, "I can't" become "I can!" and "I did!
Alexei Maxim Russell, Trueman Bradley: The Next Great Detective|He might have lost his mind, but never his fashion sense.
Katherine "Kitty" Howard|I die a Queen, but I would rather die the wife of Culpepper
Benedict Cumberbatch|Drugs don't really fix anything, except for everything.
Dieter Rams|Designs are increasingly winning competitions because they are literally green, and because somewhere they feature a small windmill.
J.C. Ryle|Fear not because your prayer is stammering, your words feeble, and your language poor. Jesus can understand you.
Ángeles Arrien|In the sweet territory of silence we touch the mystery. It's the place of reflection and contemplation, and it's the place where we can connect with the deep knowing, to the deep wisdom way.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|The calligraphy reads, “Pointing directly at your own heart, you find Buddha.” Listening to talks about the dharma, or the teachings of Buddha, or practicing meditation is nothing other than studying ourselves.
Susan Choi, My Education|Appetite knows what it craves, without cerebral embellishment. It tends not to waste any time laying hold of its tools. That was the thing I had recognised here: appetite. I recognised it precisely because, in a context like this, it was so unfamiliar. It had forced me to rule out everything else. And there was a second reason for my recognition, which because unprecedented was not recognition at all, but astounding discovery: Martha's face told me. I saw appetite there...
Edith Wharton, The Writing of Fiction|True originality consists not in a new manner, but in a new vision.
John Gwynne, Ruin|Family. Friendship. Loyalty. These things have been my guiding stars, my light in these dark times.
Toroitich William|Educating hearts precedes educating minds.Investment in children precedes investment in the future.” – Fida Qutob.'Despite of our different languages ,countries & religions ,we all share the same humanity'.-Fida Qutob
Poppet, Aisyx|His touch cable knits my veins, remaking and remolding who I am.
Greg Hamerton, Second Sight|How can you understand the language of music, if you will not be an instrument?”—Zarost
Cobi Jones|For me, every hour is grace. And I feel gratitude in my heart each time I can meet someone and look at his or her smile.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|Think deeply about things. Don’t just go along because that’s the way things are or that’s what your friends say. Consider the effects, consider the alternatives, but most importantly, just think.
Sara Secora|Above all, protect your inner light. There are those that seek to take it from you.
Murray Walker|In Paris, one is always reminded of being a foreigner. If you park your car wrong, it is not the fact that it's on the sidewalk that matters, but the fact that you speak with an accent.
Tom Schulman|Carpe diem.Seize the day, boys.Make your lives extraordinary
Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era|Every being, created by God and unspoiled by man, is perfect, strictly defined and autonomous, entirely complete and at the same time with a built-in ability to grow and develop. This is the essence of its dignity and holiness. It is not an embodiment of God’s immense Personality, but only one of the realisations of His perfection.
Auliq Ice|Life has let me down several times, that I have learnt to cope with my pain in different situations while at the same time, learning through comparing my past problems and the current obstacles am facing.
Ehsan Sehgal|You don’t want none of this, man. Stay out of it.” Preppy looked around Syn, obviously wanting some more of Furious.“Maybe I do.” Syn looked bored and then thought for a second. If he broke this kid’s jaw, that could be his damn promotion. Just when the kid looked like he wanted to start something, Syn pulled his badge. “Maybe a night in lock-up will get you to shut the fuck up.”Syn heard the guy he punched groaning and looked at him, not wanting to find himself attacked from behind too. What he was surprised to not find was Furious. Syn pulled out his cell and called 911, he gave his name and badge number and told dispatch he had a few drunk and disorderlies that needed clearing out.Syn desperately wanted to find Furious. He knew the man was alright. Surely he was able to take a gut punch, but he wanted to talk to him. Syn knew he may have already fucked up. Without thinking, he’d pushed Furi behind him like he couldn’t defend himself. But when Syn saw the pain of that punch flash over the man’s beautiful face, his protective instincts rose with a vengeance and he’d acted. He looked back and forth from the bar, to the door, to the college assholes, wanting to run and find Furi, but he couldn’t leave his perps unattended until the uniforms got there.
George G. Asztalos|it is not the first language that is all-important, but which language captures the adolescent's imagination when he or she first discovers literature.
William Londen|As I learned about the consequences of my food choices and as I recognized that I didn't have to eat animals, and that eating animals caused the animals to suffer, it caused an enormous footprint on our planet, and it wasn't healthy, it made since to go vegan. And, it's one of the best decisions I've ever made, and I think most people who've decided to go vegan share a similar experience. It's very empowering. And, when I went vegan I actually started eating a wide variety of foods I had never tried before. Different ethnic foods. You also start combining things in different ways, you start becoming more creative in the kitchen. But I went vegan just because it seemed to make sense, and it was aligned with my own values, because I didn't want to support this system that was so abusive to animals, and wasting and squandering so many scarce resources on our planet. And it was also healthier, so it was in my interest to eat food that was plant-based instead of animal-based. Living a vegan lifestyle makes a lot of sense.
Bill Rancic|It is an immutable law in business that words are words, explanations are explanations, promises are promises-but only performance is reality.
John Gay|Gulliver was soon being read "from the cabinet council to the nursery".
Charles Bukowski|Politicians are like little cats: They are never serious; they always mess up the things; they are fainthearted and spoilt. And when they look at the mirror, they see a tiger there, till the hammer of reality break that mirror very harshly!
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Don't you ever feel like, what if the world really IS messed up? What if we COULD Do it all over again from scratch? No more war. Nobody homeless. No more summer reading homework.'m listening. Annabeth: I mean, the West represents a lot of the best things mankind ever did--that's why the fire is still burning. That's why OlympusIs still around. But sometimes you just see the bad stuff, you know? And you start thinking the way Luke does: 'If I could tear this all down, i would do it better.'. Don't you ever feel that way? Like YOU could do a better job I'd you ran the world?Percy:Um...no. Me running the world would be kind of a nightmare. Annabeth: then you're lucky. Hubris isn't your fatal flaw.Percy: what is?Annabeth: I don't know, Percy, but every hero has one. If you don't find it and learn to control it...well, they don't call it 'fatal' for nothing. Percy(thinking to himself): I thought about that. It didn't exactly cheer me up.
Thomas A. Edison|Perhaps the greatest utopia would be if we could all realize that no utopia is possible; no place to run, no place to hide, just take care of business here and now.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|You celebrate what works and you take tender care of what doesn’t, with lotion, polish, and kindness.
Shaquille O'Neal|I got put into leadership roles very early in life from fifth grade, sixth grade. I always ended up being the quarterback or the leader of the sports teams, and it's kind of benefiting me now.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Just take the weapon you hold in your hand and drive it through his heart," Valentine's voice was soft. "One simple motion. Nothing you haven't done before."Jace met his father's stare with a level gaze. "I saw Agramon," he said. "It had your 
George Gordon Byron|For I dance And drink and sing,Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing.If thought is lifeAnd strength and breathAnd the wantOf thought is deathThen am IA happy flyIf I liveOr if I die
James E. Faust|You might find me outside with a can of hair spray, spraying it with the hope that the sun will burn a hole in the Earth. Another part of me hopes people will grow up and evolve and get smarter. That's the paradox of Marilyn Manson.
Shannon L. Alder|But I see how he watches the stars,And he talks to people just because, And gee, it would be nice to have a friend."From "Fated" in BREATHE IN
Olga Goa|You've got something that I don't have. Innocence. Ur eyes express it, & I can read everything in them". #MilanoVeneziani. #ItalianPassion
Julia Mills, Vidalia|Daniel Elkins. The man credited with hunting vampires to extinction, killed by vampires. Ironic way to go, but he wouldn't have it any other way. He told me on more than one occasion that he knew he'd go down bloody, and he was right.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|My parents lie somewhere beneath the snow, buried with my mortal life.
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|Everyone burns, as the Buddha says, in their own way. Some burn with anger, some with lust, some with a desire for vengeance, some with fear. But inside us burn many fires, not just one. We are legion, we contain a multitude.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Love is knowing someone so deeply, understanding her so completely, that you can finish her thoughts without hesitation, confident in reading her face, her body, even her slightest gesture means something to you.
Stephen Batchelor|Words!The Way is beyond language,for in it there is no yesterday no tomorrow no today.
RVM|The story of money is very funny. Others burn what we earn. Why not give as we live, so the world will cry when we die.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|No marketplace, free or otherwise, is good when it fails to consider the basic human state of needs at every stage of life.
Jean-Marie G. Le Clézio, The Book of Flights|I have sat here at my desk, day after day, night after night, a blank sheet of paper before me, unable to lift my pen, trembling and weeping too.
Rachel Spangler, Heart of the Game|I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up. ~Mark Twain, "The Innocents Abroad
Jill Williamson, Maelstrom|Only when life is quiet, Empress," Oli said. "When the battle comes our way or we see a need, we will pick up our swords and fight beside the bravest of men, even knowing we may fall. But once all is well again... that's when the darkness comes. Then we sit in silence and struggle to grasp our peace the best we can.
M.K. Williams, The Games You Cannot Win|They are from another world, another way of life that somehow has merged with our own. These worlds are kept separate for the safety of everyone. " "And yet, I connect them." "You do.
Bryant McGill|I don't mind bigots. You're allowed to be bigoted, if that makes you happy. Just do it at home. And not around the children.
Courtney C. Stevens, Faking Normal|Just like children, emotions heal when they are heard and validated.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Mindset is the “software,” and software is eating the world. Deal with changes at the mindset level.
John Feinstein, Change-up: Mystery at the World Series|I'm old, but I'm not good enough to be jaded.
Lisa Kessler, Lure of Obsession|The nine Greek Muses, awakened again for this generation of man and meant to inspire mankind forward in the sciences and the arts.
Melissa Francis, Bite Me!|A journey is a person in itself; no two are alike.An all plans, safeguards, policies and coercion are fruitless.We find after years of struggle that we do not take a trip; a trip takes us.
Felice Stevens, The Shape of You|You need to stop this defeatist aura around you. When you project sadness, you push people away.
Christopher Langan|In my view, ideas and other intellectual productions are more interesting, more indicative of intelligence, and more productively debated than IQ alone.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|My shoulder will never be the same. I expect you to nurse me back to health.'-Jace'Just break the door down, will you?'-Clary
Hippocrates|Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.
Shannon L. Alder|They say there is six degrees of separation between you and another person. However, when people are praying for you there are only two degrees.
Elizabeth Yates, Mountain Born|Benj had once said, "A man must have a care to what he puts in his mind, for when he's alone on a hillside and draws it out he'll want treasures to be his company, not regrets.
Deyth Banger|A book is a collected thoughts and lessons in one place, a quote is a lesson which is learnt.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Success isn’t entirely a numbers game, but numbers play a part.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|An aspirational diet will have you dreaming of success; but it’s the attachment of expectations and tangible goals that feeds the desire, persistence, and fortitude required to make the win.
Jackie Haze, Borderless|Many things as we have constructed them can be redefined and are neither correct nor incorrect. I love making love to a woman. I love her every quiver, her every movement, her every moan, her every breath. I love the journey my hands make over her every soft curve, the smell of her skin, and I revel in the feminine beauty, unmatched by anything else on this earth. But the core connection is what matters most and, while I don’t know what draws me to the essence of women rather than men or both, I wanted to be swallowed up by exactly that – the mystery of why we don’t want to be without each other.
Jodi Picoult, Lone Wolf|Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.
Thabo Katlholo, The Mud Hut I Grew Upon|As an ancient cradle of Iron Age civilization, Zimbabwe has a great emotional importance to the economy of Southern Africa and that's especially true for Botswana since both countries are landlocked. Harare was the site of some historic scenes and the best trade regimes, and it is where generations of Southern African children have gone for their education. Bulawayo was a trade giant amongst the people of the north – the Bakalanga, the Venda and the Shona. Now brick-by-brick the empire was facing a second fall after the last fall of the Great Zimbabwe.
Vera Farmiga|I've always had a sick sense of humor, and I've always wanted that to permeate the music because I don't take myself seriously. I take the music seriously, but I know I'm not God's gift to anyone except my mom.
Patricia A. Gozemba, Courting Equality: A Documentary History of America's First Legal Same-Sex Marriages|The best part of being married is that now when we walk down the street, people won't just see two guys and a kid, they'll have to see a FAMILY.
Mick Jagger|No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Be courageous and He shall strengthen your heart, all of you who hope in the Lord.
K. Weikel, The Blood Room|Trust in Him with everything I have even if I have nothing, and right now, that's about all I've got.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, Living History|One reason I continue to oppose efforts to criminalize abortion is that I do not believe any government should have the power to dictate, through law or police action, a woman's most personal decisions.""I consider that a slippery slope to state control of reproduction, and I'd witnessed the consequences of such control in China and Communist Romania.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|When you're a kid, if you watch 'The Jeffersons' with your family at seven o'clock, it seems like a natural phenomenon, like the sun setting. The universe is a strange, strange place when all of a sudden you can't use your glass with the Bionic Woman on it any more.
David Foster Wallace, This Is Water: Some Thoughts, Delivered on a Significant Occasion, about Living a Compassionate Life|the patriotic or religious bumper stickers always seem to be on the biggest, most disgustingly selfish vehicles driven by the ugliest, most inconsiderate and aggressive drivers, who are usually talking on cell phones as they cut people off in order to get just twenty stupid feet ahead in the traffic jam...
Jennifer O'Neill, Inspirational Quotes|You would not want to be responsible for someone else’s happiness, so please do not hold someone else responsible for yours!
André Gide|I so often feel terrible that I am not offering the worship God is worthy to receive. My worship is so inadequate and so fickle. What I am learning is that God is receiving the worship that God is worthy to receive. The Father is receiving it from the Son; the Son is receiving it from the Father. And I am invited - I am drawn by the Spirit - into that altogether worthy worship! God is being glorified quite well, thank you. God being rightly glorified is not my burden. It is happening - and you and I are being moved by the Spirit to enter into it.
Deyth Banger|When you're feeling down...SmileStand tall, shoulder backCompliment someoneHelp someone in a big or small wayListen to musicClean your spacePlan your dayDo what your brain tells you can’t or shouldn’tPray (or meditate) with a focus on gratitudeBreathe
Charles Baudelaire, Flowers of Evil and Other Works/Les Fleurs du Mal et Oeuvres Choisies : A Dual-Language Book (Dover Foreign Language Study Guides)|The sign above the door was written in French. It read: ARRÊTE ! C’EST ICI L’EMPIRE DE LA MORT.“That means,” he explained to Gini, “‘Stop! It is here the Empire of Death.
Harriet B. Braiker, Who's Pulling Your Strings? How to Break the Cycle of Manipulation and Regain Control of Your Life|Conflict can and should be handled constructively; when it is, relationships benefit. Conflict avoidance is *not* the hallmark of a good relationship. On the contrary, it is a symptom of serious problems and of poor communication.
Shannon L. Alder|Judgement is always based on experience and sometimes you will battle a person's history first, before commonsense will ever win the war.
Rick Riordan|I've been reading Greek mythology since I was a kid. I also taught it when I was a sixth grade teacher, so I knew a lot of mythological monsters already. Sometimes I still use books and Web sites to research, though. Every time I research Greek mythology, I learn something new!
Sharad Pawar|Before everything else, getting ready is the secret of success.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|You will never win anyone through pity. You must create the right kind of dream, the sober, adult kind of magic: illusion born from disillusion.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, All In|You want power-either because you've already had a taste of it and want more, or because you've been made to feel powerless for too long.
C.C. Hunter, Chosen at Nightfall|So many details came into focus. The shape of his lips, the line of his neck. “I’m not dangerous,” I breathed.He brought his face toward mine. “You are to me.”And somehow, against all reason, we were kissing. I closed my eyes, and the world around me faded.
Sunday Adelaja|An evil brute grows strong and now is on the verge of crossing over from the island to the world you know. His name is Hubal, and his strength grows as your world’s lightness folds.
Mitch Michaelson|Humanity rose to the stars, but never found paradise.
Tessa Afshar, Harvest of Gold|What do you think destiny is? A smooth path that never jostles you? No. When you walk in your destiny, you will crash and fall more times than you can count. But the secret is to hold on to God’s vision for your life — and for the lives of those He puts under your charge. No matter how many times you fall, crash, and fail, you get up. You get up and face your obstacles.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|For his own unfathomable reasons, God chooses to disguise himself when he comes to this planet, and there have been few disguises better than the church.
Kate McGahan|You blast me open and then You stand back and watch My feeble attempts To deal with myself. Where do I turn In my now desperate need for love? You are not there. There is no one else to turn to For I have made you my Everything. And in my exhaustion From my desperate moments,I slip into myself And there I find God waiting for me To love Him to love me to love you Because you are the matchmaker. I thought He was leading me to you But, surprise surprise, You were leading me to Him.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|DeadPool reminds me for some other films which are sci-fi, like Selflessness and Mr.Nobody....But the speech is awful it must be fixed!
Carl Henegan|An adamant silence overcomes you when cross paths with the person that kisses your heart the second that you meet them. It balances on the edge of an indefinable unknown, unconsciously desired.
GE Paulus|Not everyone is born a great leader, but anyone can foster core leadership competencies for themselves and become actionable, effective leaders.
Katie McGarry, Nowhere But Here|She’s my daughter. The only one I have and the only child I’ll ever have. I see the fear in her eyes, I sense her hesitancy, but when I get her to smile it makes up for all those moments in between. I got this one chance. My last chance. I don’t want to blow what little time I have left with her so no, I don’t want anyone rocking her world.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|Very soon the heavens presented an extraordinary appearance, for all the stars directly behind me were now deep red, while those directly ahead were violet. Rubies lay behind me, amethysts ahead of me.
David G. McAfee|I'm an atheist, but I believe in art. I go to galleries like my mother went to church. It helps me understand the way I live.
Gavin Extence, The Universe Versus Alex Woods|I guess I might be bi-curious," Ben said quietly.""What?""I said I could be sorta bi-curious," Ben said loudly. "That's someone who is fundamentally straight but is curious about sex with
Robert Jeffress|There are certain skills that business people have that are - that are, in fact, helpful in - when it comes to being in political leadership.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When you devalue ethics and morals by proclaiming that our attitude toward them should be casual or lenient, you can't be surprised by a rising generation who then behaves disrespectfully, treating life, people, and choices as if they possess little value or worth.  For whether or not that was the intention, society has taught them to believe thusly.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|Achala, worrying and scheming about your next life, before you have even completed this one, is not a good practice." Rinpoche
merlin8thomas|If you understand this basic concept, it becomes clear that every spending decision is a spiritual decision. Waste, for example, is not a squandering of our resources. It is a poor use of His.
Carolyn Brown, One Texas Cowboy Too Many|I am always doing what I thought I couldn't do, because I might learn something. Henri Marcel - Marriage a Journey and A Dog
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|To me, guitar notes are the most beautiful sounds in the world.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, A Little Princess|If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you can give things out of that—warm things, kind things, sweet things—help and comfort and laughter—and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
Debatrayee Banerjee|She had a dream, quite singular, dearest to her heart.She had a dream, quite eccentric, treasured in her soul.She nurtured it, she cuddled it and kept it covered in the twinkle of her eye and waited patiently with a fond expectation.Yet in that sky wrapped in the radiance of a rainbow , all but that dream came alive.She often smiled at that solitary dream with numb tears of pallid fulfilment.
Joyce Grenfell|If I should go before the rest of youBreak not a flower nor inscribe a stone, Nor when I'm gone speak in a Sunday voice But be the usual selves that I have known. Weep if you must, Parting is hell, But life goes on, So sing as well.
Suzanne Enoch, London's Perfect Scoundrel|In fight, by 'knowing what to do next', element of surprise can be overcomed.
Daniel Marques|And give to the orphans their properties and do not substitute the defective [of your own] for the good [of theirs]. And do not consume their properties into your own. Indeed, that is ever a great sin. Quran The Women 4 :2
E.A.A. Wilson, Ascension Denied|What's afterlife?" Asher asked, sincerely, indicating a trio of passing shoppers laden with brightly colored bags, who turned up their noses. "There's only life.
Jesse Eisenberg|With 'Girls'... I feel like there's an impulse to try to make it look better or neater or more perfect, and when I watch theater, television, movies, it's always the imperfection I'm always more attracted to.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|We live in a world where bad stories are told, stories that teach us life doesn't mean anything and that humanity has no great purpose. It's a good calling, then, to speak a better story. How brightly a better story shines. How easily the world looks to it in wonder. How grateful we are to hear these stories, and how happy it makes us to repeat them.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists; but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more.
Rachel Vincent, Pride|You don’t want me to stand against the council. You want a magic wand, so you can walk around smacking people with it until everything’s just the way you like it. But guess what, Faythe? Life doesn’t work like that. Life bites, and the harder you fight it, the more leverage it has to tear your heart right out of your chest. And if you really want to wake this particular sleeping dog, the truth is that if you’d just taken that "damn ring" five years ago, none of this shit would ever have happened!
Daniel Radcliffe|Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby!
Dick Van Dyke|The animal world seizes its food in masses little and big, and often gorges itself with it, but the vegetable, through the agency of the solvent power of water, absorbs its nourishment molecule by molecule.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Fall in love, not fool in love.
Benjamin Franklin|In war as in life, it is often necessary when some cherished scheme has failed, to take up the best alternative open, and if so, it is folly not to work for it with all your might.
Stefan Molyneux|The greater the gap between self perception and reality, the more aggression is unleashed on those who point out the discrepancy.
A.D. Posey|Not everything can stand the test of time, but a story can.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I seek to find, so I search.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|We can not, therefore, reserve as sacred anything that is not truth and yet we cannot turn from things of truth have inspired us in our everyday lives. We must merely embrace both hard and soft truths that must not be avoided. This does not mean we can reserve for ourselves the right to be self-righteous nor call others self-righteous simply because they disagree with us.
Friedrich Schiller|Who knows for what we live, and struggle, and die? Wise men write many books, in words too hard to understand. But this, the purpose of our lives, the end of all our struggle, is beyond all human wisdom.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Let what offends God offend me, and what God pardons, I pardon.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|If we compare two static economic systems, which differ in no way from one another except that in one there is twice as much money as in the other, it appears that the purchasing power of the monetary unit in the one system must be equal to half that of the monetary unit in the other. Nevertheless, we may not conclude from this that a doubling of the quantity of money must lead to a halving of the purchasing power of the monetary unit; for every variation in the quantity of money introduces a dynamic factor into the static economic system. The new position of static equilibrium that is established when the effects of the fluctuations thus set in motion are completed cannot be the same as that which existed before the introduction of the additional quantity of money. Consequently, in the new state of equilibrium the conditions of demand for money, given a certain exchange-value of the monetary unit, will also be different. If the purchasing power of each unit of the doubled quantity of money were halved, the unit would not have the same significance for each individual under the new conditions as it had in the static system before the increase in the quantity of money.
Amanda Bouchet, A Promise of Fire|His tongue swirls against my skin, and I gasp. His voice rough with passion, he rasps, "You're living fire. I burn.
Tracy Chapman|It's funny, because in 1970 I met the Beatles quite by a chance at a party. It was the Beethoven bicentenary, and I was then also playing the Beethoven Sonatas. And that's all they wanted to hear about - I wanted to talk about them, and all they wanted to talk about was Beethoven.
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|Amina would not know herself until years later, when she understood what it was to long for someone, to ache for their smell and taste on you, to imagine the weight of their hips pinning yours so precisely that you crane up to meet your own invisible desire
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|People who have fully prepared always save time. Albert Einstein was right to teach that if he is given six hours to chop down a tree, he would spend the first four sharpening the axes. When you are done with your action plans, work will be easier!
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|You forget all of it anyway. First, you forget everything you learned-the dates of the Hay-Herran Treaty and Pythagorean Theorem. You especially forget everything you didn't really learn, but just memorized the night before. You forget the names of all but one or two of your teachers, and eventually you'll forget those, too. You forget your junior class schedule and where you used to sit and your best friend's home phone number and the lyrics to that song you must have played a million times. For me, it was something by Simon & Garfunkel. Who knows what it will be for you? And eventually, but slowly, oh so slowly, you forget your humiliations-even the ones that seemed indelible just fade away. You forget who was cool and who was not, who was pretty, smart, athletic, and not. Who went to a good college. Who threw the best parties Who could get you pot. You forget all of them. Even the ones you said you loved, and even the ones you actually did. They're the last to go. And then once you've forgotten enough, you love someone else.
Peggy Toney Horton|Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Captive|You're sleeping here?" He'd originally planned to just cuff her to him but now she'd proved the cuffs were useless and she didn't seem to be going anywhere."Well, I'm not sleeping on the floor. Unless you're worried about me killing you in your sleep?
Anthony Horowitz|The bottom line: if you want a happier family, create, refine and retell the story of your family's positive moments and your ability to bounce back from the difficult ones. That act alone may increase the odds that your family will thrive for many generations to come.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Is chemistry a biological reaction which supports the propagation of our species? Or is it simply about being excited to find someone with mutually shared values, passions, interests, or experiences? Or is it because you have the same energy, vibrate at the same frequency, or share the same attitude? Regardless of how it happens, a robust and healthy chemistry is always a nice surprise and something to be celebrated.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|On hindsight every failure is the best medicine, bitter but effective
John Irving, The Cider House Rules|This mannerism of what he'd seen of society struck Homer Wells quite forcefully; people, even nice people—because, surely, Wally was nice—would say a host of critical things about someone to whom they would then be perfectly pleasant. At. St. Cloud's, criticism was plainer—and harder, if not impossible, to conceal.
Brene Brown|Those days of every child having a mummy and daddy who lived at home - Daddy went to work, and Mummy stayed at home and took care of everyone - those days have almost gone, and it's so much more unconventional now.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Nothing is harder yet nothing is more necessary, than to speak of certain things whose existence is neither demonstrable nor probable. The very fact that serious and conscientious men treat them as existing things brings them a step closer to existence and to the possibility of being born.Spoken by Albertus Secundus in "Das Glasperlenspiel
Jenna Elizabeth Johnson, Faelorehn|...he called after her as shedisappeared down the path, a pretty girl in a hurry...
Ilona Andrews, Magic Slays|I’d missed him so much, it almost hurt. It started the moment I left the Keep and nagged at me all day. Every day I had to fight with myself to keep from making up bullshit reasons to call the Keep so I could hear his voice. My only saving grace was that Curran wasn’t handling this whole mating thing any better. Yesterday he’d called me at the office claiming that he couldn’t find his socks. We talked for two hours.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|If it rains during sunshine, don't worry; you'll see your rainbow.
Managers Essentials, Interviewing Skills|All Prophets were leaders, should all leaders be Prophets
Sabrina Chapadjiev, Live Through This: On Creativity and Self-Destruction|And while a bald head and a looped ribbon were seen as badges of courage and hope, her reluctant vocabulary and vanishing memories advertised mental instability and impending insanity. Those with cancer could expect to be supported by their community. Alice expected to be an outcast.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|The world does not need more pestilential misogynistic pricks to Christianize, Muslimize or basically dogmatize the society – the world needs passionate courageous souls to humanize the society.
Robin Epstein, God Is in the Pancakes|Forgive me,' the woman says. 'I think I've interrupted you in a private moment.''Well,' I reply, instead of yelling something to the effect of :'No kidding lady, I'm in the bathroom!''Were you praying?' she asks.'Sort of.''That's what I thought,' the woman says with a nod, 'which is why I spoke up. I like the idea of answering prayers,' she says. 'Plus, I figure I'm so old, I could have been God's babysitter.
Russell Baker|The library was open for one hour after school let out. I hid there, looking at art books and reading poetry.
Wililam Shakespeare, Titus Andronicus|What sad, short lives humans live! Each life a short pamphlet written by an idiot! Tut-tut, and all that.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|It's not that we had no heart or eyes for pain. We were all afraid. We all had our miseries. But to despair was to wish for something already lost. Or to prolong what was already unbearable...What was worse, to sit and wait for our own deaths with proper somber faces? Or to choose our own happiness?"So we decided to hold parties and pretend each week had become the new year. Each week we could forget past wrongs done to us. We weren't allowed to think a bad thought. We feasted, we laughed, we played games, lost and won, we told the best stories. And each week we could hope to be lucky. That hope was our only joy. And that's how we came to call our little parties Joy Luck.
Leonie Swann, Three Bags Full|No sheep may leave the flock," he said to anyone who would listen, "unless he comes back again.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|The powe if fate is something terrible. It cannot be escaped--not with wealth or by war, not with a tower ir a sea-lashed black ship.
Stephen Richards|Write down what you want your destiny to be, and in so doing you will live your dreams.
Kelly Bartlett|If one were to list all the cruelties and maltreatments, both physical and emotional, that parents and adults inflict on children under the guise of love, the list would be a long one. But, going beyond such sinister examples, even kissing and hugging may or may not convey to a child that he is loved.Love is a feeling, an emotional state. Artists, writers, philosophers, poets have tried to define it. Marcel Proust says, "Love is space and time measured by the heart." What is space and time? It is the here and now. It is you.As unfortunately I am no poet, I will try to recall from my own experience how it feels to be truly loved by someone. It makes me feel good, it opens me up, it gives me strength, I feel less vulnerable, less lonely, less helpless, less confused, more honest, more rich; it fills me with hope, trust, creative energy and it refuels me.How do I perceive the other person who gives me these feelings? As honest, as one who sees and accepts me for what I really am, who objectively responds without being critical, whose authenticity and values I respect and who respects mine, who is available when needed, who listens and hears, who looks and sees me, who shares herself - who cares. Cares. To care is to put love in action. The way we care for our babies is then how they experience our love.
R.M. ArceJaeger|It's fine to have a dream girl, but you should ask yourself…would you be her dream boy?
David Pilling, Flame of the West|This arrogant, perfumed young noble, in his rustling silks and polished lamellar armour, knew nothing of the hardships of war.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|The more emotional you are in a situation, the more memories you’ll have of that situation in the long run.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|Ah Sun-flower! weary of time,Who countest the steps of the Sun:Seeking after that sweet golden climeWhere the traveller's journey is done. Where the Youth pined away with desire,And the pale Virgin shrouded in snow: Arise from their graves and aspire, Where my Sun-flower wishes to go.
Vironika Tugaleva|There’s all this pressure in our society to be beautiful, to be strong, to be sexy. So we spend our time and money on trying to become these things. We put on the high heels, the suits, the makeup, the mask. Then, we feel more awkward than confident, so we drink away our anxieties. That doesn’t make us look any sexier – it just makes us stop caring about how we look.Everyone is beautiful. Everyone is sexy. Everyone is strong. It’s lunacy. We’re all running around trying to become something that we already are.You know what’s really sexy? A person who’s 100% comfortable with themselves. And you know what’s really funny? It is just as time consuming and difficult to learn to accept yourself as it is to pretend to be someone else. The only difference is – with self acceptance, one day, it’s not hard anymore. One day, you feel like your sexiest, strongest self just rolling out of bed in the morning.You’re either going to spend the little time you have in your life on trying to know yourself or trying to hide yourself. The choice is yours. You can’t do both.And you know what’s really amazing about choosing self-love? You’ll be setting an example for all the people around you and all the kids of the coming generation. You’ll be part of a revolution to take back the precious moments of our lives out of the hands of shame-inducing advertisers and back into the hands and hearts of real people like you, like me, like all of us.I know you’ve dreamt about changing the world. So this is your chance. Learn to love yourself, accept yourself, and unleash your strongest, sexiest self. It’s in there. You just have to believe it.
Nicole Bonomi|Until I decide how to burn the veil, may I remind you that you are more than your virtual identity. And may I remind you, that a picture with its capacity to articulate 1000 words, shall "ripple into eternity" just as words do. Lest those words be confused and misinterpreted to the detriment of society at large, merely so one could stay 'relevant'.
Astrid Lindgren, Pippi Longstocking|Ravel said. “And I order people around really well. This morning, Tipstaff came over with a cup of tea and I told him no, I don’t want tea I want coffee. That was great. I really asserted my authority.”“Did he go and get you a coffee?”“No, he said he’d already made a pot of tea so I took the tea because, you know he’d already made it, but my authority was still firmly asserted.”Ghastly nodded. “He’ll think twice about making tea again.”“That he will, Ghastly my friend, that he will. What are we looking for, by the way?“Seriously? I gave you the file half an hour ago.”“Yes, you did.”“And did you read it?”“No, I did not.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Mars will not be our new home; it will be our new hotel! Because for a new place to be our own home, we need to see the things we used to see: An autumn lake, a bird singing in the misty morning or even desert camels walking in the sunset!
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is such a strange fact that memories of people are more loyal and more faithful than the people themselves! When a person dies or leaves us, his memories yet stay with us!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You may have been too quick to admit the difficulty of a specific task. The question is "how many times have you tried dealing with it"? Don't say it's difficult if you haven't tried it!
Dr. Seuss|I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells.
John Rogers Searle|It seemed to a number of philosophers of language, myself included, that we should attempt to achieve a unification of Chomsky's syntax, with the results of the researches that were going on in semantics and pragmatics. I believe that this effort has proven to be a failure. Though Chomsky did indeed revolutionize the subject of linguistics, it is not at all clear, at the end the century, what the solid results of this revolution are. As far as I can tell there is not a single rule of syntax that all, or even most, competent linguists are prepared to agree is a rule.
Peter Lerangis|He looked around. The room, a few suitcases, some belongings, a handful of well-read books— a man needed few things to live. And it was good not to get used to many things when life was unsettled. Again and again one had to abandon them or they were taken away. One should be ready to leave every day. That was the reason he had lived alone— when one was on the move one should not have anything that could bind one. Nothing that could stir the heart. The adventure— but nothing more.
Zena Abou Alnaser|Everything in this place was livid and lurid and living, and when he loved her and hurt her all at once she lived, too, higher and harder than she had thought she could.
Oliver Stone|Remember that in every single case in history the process of adaptation has been one of exceeding slowness. Do not look for the impossible, but do not let your path deviate from the quiet and steadfast insistence on full opportunities for your powers.
Robin Sacredfire|Despite the experiences that put me in the spotlight as the co-creator of my wisdom, the human part of me keeps burning, like an alchemical process that I both accept and want to refuse. You see, it's hard when I notice women falling in love with me, and then destroying everything at the same time. And so, I'm changing the world as much as this world is changing me. The two things are inseparable.
Bedil, Bedil: Selected Poems|Man is a little world--a microcosm inside the great universe. Like a fetus, he is suspended, by all his three spirits, in the matrix of the macrocosmos; and while his terrestrial body is in constant sympathy with its parent earth, his astral soul lives in unison with the sidereal anima mundi. He is in it, as it is in him, for the world-pervading element fills all space, and is space itself, only shoreless and infinite. As to his third spirit, the divine, what is it but an infinitesimal ray, one of the countless radiations proceeding directly from the Highest Cause--the Spiritual Light of the World? This is the trinity of organic and inorganic nature--the spiritual and the physical, which are three in one, and of which Proclus says that 'The first monad is the Eternal God; the second, eternity; the third, the paradigm, or pattern of the universe;' the three constituting the Intelligible Triad.
Manasa Rao|Something rose in Oscar's chest, like a flower blossoming all at once. It grew until it filled him and threatened to spill over everywhere. The words [he] spoke touched a longing so deep Oscar hadn't even known it was there.
Orson Scott Card, Hidden Empire|That's what so many people didn't understand about life. The real world is the one within the walls of homes; the outside world, of careers and politics and money and fame, that was the fake world, where nothing lasted, and things were real only to the extent they harmed or helped people inside their homes.
Donna Augustine, Karma|She asked Billy Pilgrim what he was supposed to be, Billy said he didn't know.
Yoko Ono|Be true to yourself and surround yourself with positive, supportive people.
Sonam Kapoor|Your health is your starting point - without it, you have nothing.
Ron  Berry, So Long, Hector Bebb|The outside world might have finally turned into autumn, but inside the Waverley house it still smelled of summer. It was lemon verbena day, so the house was filled with a sweet-tart that conjured images of picnic blankets and white clouds like true-love hearts.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|There are far too many silent sufferers.  Not because they don't yearn to reach out, but because they've tried and found no one who cares.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Every time a new record started, people exhaled with pleasure, or their bodies moved automatically. I really started getting high off of the euphoric exclamations. Every record I put on was like a baptism.
Lailah Gifty Akita|t is silly to think they all achieved it "just like that". nothing in life is so easy, that is a fact.Behind the scenes were tears and pain,they stumbled and fell but got up again. They heard a voice, firm and true"Muster yourself you'll make it through"Steadied by a hand they arose to dancein the turmoil and storm with perseverance At the end, it came upon them; a light so brightsuccess was theirs: it was their right!
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Stigma's power lies in silence. The silence that persists when discussion and action should be taking place. The silence one imposes on another for speaking up on a taboo subject, branding them with a label until they are rendered mute or preferably unheard.
Steven Magee|I saw a guy faint at the W. M. Keck Observatory, he stepped out from the tour group and said to me "I'm feeling sick" and then his eyes rolled back and his knees gave way! The group caught him on his way to the ground and he got free emergency medical oxygen for half an hour before being evacuated off the summit by his tour group!!! His friends stated that he was considered the healthiest person in the group while he was gasping for breaths of life on the summit of Mauna Kea! Never saw him again.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When I am fully immersed in my work of nourishing humanity, it fills my head with all kinds of feel-good chemicals, such as endorphins, serotonin and dopamine. Problems occur during the brief intervals between the finishing of one work and the beginning of another. During these intervals, my biology starts to get filled with stress hormones cortisol and adrenalin, that worsens my OCD. That is why, I can’t sit still even a day after I finish writing a book. Because if I do, my OCD begins to suffocate me inside my head. Hence, as soon as I deliver a work, I have to start working on my next scientific literature.
Radhe Maa|If your aims are lofty, your achievements are bound to be great.
Evan Davis|My ideal night would probably be a dope outfit, people that I love around me. Go to get some dinner, have some amazing food. Maybe sushi or Italian: I love both.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|I loved these salt rivers more than I loved the sea; I loved the movement of tides more than I loved the fury of surf. Something in me was congruent with this land, something affirmed when I witnessed the startled, piping rush of shrimp or the flash of starlight on the scales of mullet. I could feel myself relax and change whenever I returned to the lowcountry and saw the vast green expanses of marsh, feminine as lace, delicate as calligraphy. The lowcountry had its own special ache and sting.
Tiger Woods|The evidence in this universe for design - or, if you will, the fine-tuning that cannot be explained by chance or by 'enough time' - is so compelling that the only way around it is to suggest that our universe is only one of an infinite number of universes.
Ray Bradbury, Long After Midnight|If one bite fills you, you don't need two.
Gary Oldman|Today's new age parenting guarantees you'll hear children screaming, whining, and begging for items and attention in an airplane, store or any other public place.
Herb Elliott|But most of all I was inspired by the stirring examples of all the other runners. In some pictures they would seem like tiny dots in a mosaic, but each had a separate narrative starting a few months or a lifetime earlier and finishing that day in the New York City Marathon, the race with 37,000 stories.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|The terror of being judged sharpens the memory: it sends an inevitable glare over that long-unvisited past which has been habitually recalled only in general phrases. Even without memory, the life is bound into one by a zone of dependence in growth and decay; but intense memory forces a man to own his blameworthy past. With memory set smarting like a reopened wound, a man’s past is not simply a dead history, an outworn preparation of the present: it is not a repented error shaken loose from the life: it is a still quivering part of himself, bringing shudders and bitter flavors and the tinglings of a merited shame.
John Varley, The John Varley Reader|When I started writing I wanted the best tools. I skipped right over chisels on rocks, stylus on wet clay plates, quills and fountain pens, even mechanical pencils, and went straight to one of the first popular spin-offs of the aerospace program: the ballpoint pen. They were developed for comber navigators in the war because fountain pens would squirt all over your leather bomber jacket at altitude. (I have a cherished example of the next generation ballpoint, a pressurized Space Pen cleverly designed to work in weightlessness, given to me by Spider Robinson. At least, I cherish it when I can find it. It is also cleverly designed to seek out the lowest point of your desk, roll off, then find the lowest point on the floor, under a heavy piece of furniture. That's because it is cylindrical and lacks a pocket clip to keep it from rolling. In space, I presume it would float out of your pocket and find a forgotten corner of your spacecraft to hide in. NASA spent $3 million developing it. Good job, guys. I'm sure it's around here somewhere.)
Pravin Agarwal, 8 Course Meal For The Soul|We all wish something or other in our life in our own way, but God have other plans and they are best for us to realize our dream and destiny. All we need is to have faith in him always and never to lose hope.
Vironika Tugaleva|Be real. Be authentic. Be yourself, whatever the emotional cost. Pain goes away, while regret over a life lived trying to be a plastic version of yourself does not.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|This susceptibility to impressions had been his undoing, no doubt. Still at his age he had, like a boy or a girl even, these alternations of mood; good days, bad days, for no reason whatever, happiness from a pretty face, downright misery at the sight of a frump.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|His art springs out of bubbling underground necessity, as if he's somehow dipping himself into the river that gave him life; he's making dream material visible.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|The victim mindset will have you dancing with the devil, then complaining that you're in hell.
S.A.R.K., Make Your Creative Dreams Real: A Plan for Procrastinators, Perfectionists, Busy People, and People Who Would Really Rather Sleep All Day|Why Dream?Life is a difficult assignment. We are fragile creatures, expected to function at high rates of speed, and asked to accomplish great and small things each day. These daily activities take enormous amounts of energy. Most things are out of our control. We are surrounded by danger, frustration, grief, and insanity as well as love, hope, ecstasy, and wonder. Being fully human is an exercise in humility, suffering, grace, and great humor. Things and people all around us die, get broken, or are lost. There is no safety or guarantees.The way to accomplish the assignment of truly living is to engage fully, richly, and deeply in the living of your dreams. We are made to dream and to live those dreams.
Diane Valterra, Darla: One Woman, Two Men, One Obsession|I want to be the star in your diary" -Shawn, Fade to White
William A. Ewing|I try about four or five looks during a shoot. A look can be defined by changes to hair, makeup, jewelry, props, furniture, background, partial clothing, fabric accents, accessories, lighting, etc.
Yogi Berra|Nobody comes here anymore, its too crowded
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|God is the only being who is good, and the standards are set by Him. Because God hates sin, He has to punish those guilty of sin. Maybe that's not an appealing standard. But to put it bluntly, when you get your own universe, you can make your own standards.
Lilly Ghalichi|Sometimes broken hearts are needed, that way you will appreciate the one that handles it with care.
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|This was a favourite dress, one of Sally Parker's, the last almost she ever made, alas, for Sally had now retired, living at Ealing, and if ever I have a moment, thought Clarissa (but never would she have a moment any more), I shall go and see her at Ealing.
Simon Sinek|Thinking well to be wise: planning well, wiser: doing well wisest and best of all.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|In assisting his 'neighbour' every day to the best of his ability, and keeping truth, honesty, and kindness perpetually before him, the Boy Scout, with as little formality as possible, is pleasing God.
John Rowland|And you know, when you've experienced grace and you feel like you've been forgiven, you're a lot more forgiving of other people. You're a lot more gracious to others.
David Burkus, The Myths of Creativity: The Truth about How Innovative Companies and People Generate Great Ideas|This is a hard truth for some to accept: that a lack of resources may not be their true constraint, just a lack of resourcefulness.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Your First Virtual Summit: Everything you need to know to create your first successful Virtual Summit|Speakers are very busy people, with their own lives.Once you remember that sentence then it’s easy to know how to treat them and attract them.
Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy: das Buch zum Film von Patrice Chéreau|Desire is naughty and doesn't conform to our ideals, which is why we have such a need of them. Desire mocks all human endeavour and makes it worthwhile. Desire is the original anarchist and undercover agent – no wonder people want it arrested and kept in a safe place. And just when we think we've got desire under control it lets us down or fills us with hope. Desire makes me laugh because it makes fools of us all.
Paul Marshall, Blind Spot: When Journalists Don't Get Religion|In the heat of the 2000 election, then Governor George W. Bush of Texas made an off-the-cuff statement that we ought to take the log out of our own eye before calling attention to the speck in the eye of our neighbor. The New York Times reported the remark as a minor gaffe -- what it termed "an interesting variation on the saying about the pot and the kettle."The reporter -- actually a fine and balanced journalist -- did not recognize the biblical reference. Neither did his editors. And this, of course, was not an obscure biblical reference. Not only is it found in the red letters of the New Testament, it is taken from the Sermon on the Mount.
Criss Jami, Healology|The evangelist is the world's hopeless romantic, and just like a hopeless romantic, he must hope for the miracle of God more than the romance itself.
Colson Whitehead|It wasn't like the World Trade Center, something vile and astonishing within our own borders, happening to people who'd saved coins of the same currency in their piggybanks when they were children. I knew intellectually that shouldn't make a difference, but it seemed to.
Courtney Carola, Where We Belong|Consider for a moment that when you see someone as being ‘gifted’, it is out of a belief that whatever it is that they do, would be impossible for you to do. You should also consider that maybe their ‘gift’, is nothing more than an undeveloped skill in you.
Mika Brzezinski|The automobile engine will come, and then I will consider my life's work complete.
Stephenie Meyer, Midnight Sun|My first feeling was that there was no way to continue. Writing isn't like math;in math, two plus two always equals four no matter what your mood is like. With writing, the way you feel changes everything.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person seeks to quantify their existence. Do we measure a person’s life by its longevity or by assessing the warmth of its blaze? Do we measure a person by their brainpower or by the heartiness of his or her spine? Do earthy deeds count for more than intellectual opinions? What is more important, the work that a person produces or the quality of life that effuses from their being? Does it matter how we live and how we die, if we love or hate, are kind or mean, generous or stingy? Does it matter that we struggle to express personal doubts and toil in an effort to obtain redemption for our personal lapses?
Philip Dunham|Media is so influenceable, yet so influent. Whoever controls the media controls the society, and its opinion.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|You've sinned, I suppose, but your punishment has been out of all proportion. They have turned you into something other than a human being. You have no power of choice any longer. You are committed to socially acceptable acts, a little machine capable only of good. And I see that clearly - that business about marginal conditionings. Music and the sexual act, literature and art, all must be a source now not of pleasure but of pain.
Jeanette Winterson|This is what I know about my parents. They spent the next several years trying to forget each other, and me.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The devil would be powerless if he couldn't entice people to do his work. So as long as money continues to seduce the hungry, the hopeless, the broken, the greedy, and the needy, there will always be war between brothers.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|...whenever a woman describes a man as sweet, the dalliance is doomed.
B.G. Lavastida Los Pinos Nuevos|There are three paradoxes of the Christian life: You must give in order to receive, you must let go in order to possess, and you must die in order to live.
Gabriel García Márquez, Memories of My Melancholy Whores|I discovered that my obsession for having each thing in the right place, each subject at the right time, each word in the right style, was not the well-deserved reward of an ordered mind but just the opposite: a complete system of pretense invented by me to hide the disorder of my nature. I discovered that I am not disciplined out of virtue but as a reaction to my negligence, that I appear generous in order to conceal my meanness, that I pass myself off as prudent because I am evil-minded, that I am conciliatory in order not to succumb to my repressed rage, that I am punctual only to hide how little I care about other people’s time. I learned, in short, that love is not a condition of the spirit but a sign of the zodiac.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|Integrity comes not from privilege, textbooks, or profession, but from being grounded in humility.
|You are the only one who could delay your happiness, because a peaceful state of mind is impossible without unconditional self-love.
Francesca Lia Block, Wasteland|...It felt like they were telling each other secrets. Everything they said felt like that—whispered, tender, full of other meanings, like when you tell someone a dream or talk about your astrological signs as code for all the things you love about each other.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Blades|What’s secretly in the water of modern culture is that people enter the world empty. That’s a very dangerous idea,because if everybody’s empty than other people can get us to do whatever they want because there’s nothing in us to stand against it. But if we came to do something that’s meaningful, that involves giving and making the world a more beautiful, healthy, lively place, then you become a difficult person to move around and manipulate.
Richard Prince|A lot of people have asked me whether I am a cynic or take a cynical view of politics and are often surprised when I say that I consider myself an optimist, but an optimist dressed in the robes of a realist.
Farshad Asl|Displaced workers, along with others who fear for their livelihood, are fertile ground in which to sow anti-immigrant sentiment, since angry and frustrated people often seek some target on which to blame their problems. The right wing has organized and manipulated such anger and resentment, turned it away from corporations, and directed it against the government, decrying high taxes and the inability of the state to solve problems such as social deterioration, homelessness, crime, and violence. In addition to the target of “failed liberal policies,” immigrants make a convenient and tangible target for people’s anger. Racial prejudice is often an encoded part of the message…Right-wing populist themes are particularly effective at attracting working people disenchanted with the system.
Kij Johnson, The Fox Woman|They hammered on the outer gate and called, but there was at first no answer; and then to their surprise someone blew a horn, and the lights in the windows went out. A voice shouted in the dark: 'Who's that? Be off! You can't come in. Can't you read the notice: No admittance between sundown and sunrise?' 'Of course we can't read the notice in the dark,' Sam shouted back. 'And if hobbits of the Shire are to be kept out in the wet on a night like this, I'll tear down your notice when I find it.
Henny Youngman|As soon as I get my car I think I'll be going to the cinema more. Since I don't go very often, there are no films that are a must see at the moment. I usually wait till they come out on DVD.
Tanya Masse|The stars are dead, but their memories fill the sky
Deyth Banger|Dear Matt, In less than a day, I’ ll be standing on the same sand you stood on so many times before. Well, not the same sand, with the tides and winds and erosion and all of that, but the same symbolic sand. I’m so excited and scared that I can’ t sleep – even though I have to wake up in five hours! You know, I saved every one of your postcards. They’re here in a box under my bed – all the little stories you sent, like little pieces of California. Like the beach glass you guys always brought me. Sometimes I dump it out on my desk and press my ear to the pieces, trying to hear the ocean. Trying to hear you. But you don’ t say anything. Remember how you’ d come back from your vacation on the beach and tell me what it really felt like? What the ocean sounded like at dawn when the beach was deserted? What your hair and skin tasted like after swimming in saltwater all day? How the sand could burn your feet as you walked on it, but if you stuck your toes in, it was cold and wet underneath? How you spent three hours sitting on Ocean Beach just to watch the sun sink into the water a million miles away? If I closed my eyes as you were talking, it was like I was there, like your stories were my stories. In many ways, I feel as if I have memories of you there, too. Do you think that’s crazy? Matt, please don’ t think badly about Frankie’s contest. It’s just a silly game. It’s so Frankie, you know? No, I guess you wouldn’ t. You’ d kill her if you did! She just misses you. We all do. I’ ll look out for her, though. I promise. Please watch over us tomorrow, and for the next few weeks while we’re away. You’ ll be in my thoughts the whole time, like always. I’m going to find some red sea glass for you. I miss you more than you could ever know. Love, Anna
Michael K. Powell|You know, Motorcycle Diaries has no incredible stories, no sudden plot twists, it doesn't play that way. It's about recognizing that instance of change and embracing it.
Agnes Repplier|The marriage state was designed to complete the sum of human happiness in this life. It sometimes proves otherwise, but this is owing to the parties themselves, who either rush into it without due consideration or fail in point of discretion in their conduct towards each other afterwards.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, the sun rises with endless possibilities that give you endless opportunities to begin again and to create a brand-new life.
Orrin Woodward|A leader must take responsibility for all his actions and not blame anyone for his problems. The follower, on the other hand, is always in search of a scapegoat or a miracle worker who can solve his problems. That is why leaders and followers complement each other. A leader is one who is willing to take on responsibility of not only his own failures but also that of his followers.
Augusto Roa Bastos, I, the Supreme|Forms disappear, words remain, to signify the impossible.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Deep inside, you know it. You're trustworthy. Sadly, you may come across untrustworthy. What are robbing your credibility? Find and fix it!
Paul Arden, Whatever You Think, Think the Opposite|Don't beat yourself up for not knowing the answers. You don't always have to know who you are. You don't have to have the big picture, or know where you're heading. Sometimes, it's enough just to know what you're going to do next.
Elmar Hussein|Not all minds can hold science so easily. Most of what you can find inside various minds have no or weak connection with science; they are only values. If your mind takes any idea for guaranteed before its empirical investigation, or if you cannot criticize or make any assumption that your hypothesis related to it can be false, as well as true, it means you don’t do science, your mind rather shares some ideological, historical, religious or ethical values. No politics, ethics, history, religion, etc. is a science in strict sense of term. All of them engage in manipulation of brains in different ways. That is why any strong political, ethical, historical, religious bias would make your so-called ‘scientific mind’ weak. Although it is true that not all questions can be answered using scientific approaches, the formation of values inside your mind should substantially be up to you — your critical thinking and doubting intuition.
Abby Rosmarin, I'm Just Here for the Free Scrutiny: One Model's Tale of Insanity and Inanity in the Wonderful World of Fashion|The modeling world – and the world at large – is a pretty cruel place. It’s up to you to decide whether or not that turns you into a cruel person as well. Are you going to be mean and selfish because some of the people around you are, or are you going to overcome that and walk away a decent human being? The world gives you every reason in the book to become callous. It’s your job not to become that way as well.
Alonzo Sherrell|If being ugly was a crime, they'd be hunting that woman down with helicopters and bloodhounds.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Oh lovers! be careful in those dangerous first days! once you've brought breakfast in bed you'll have to bring it forever, unless you want to be accused of lovelessness and betrayal.
Nancy J. Cavanaugh, This Journal Belongs to Ratchet|But you shouldn't have let her. That's the only way with these fanciful women that chaw high--innocent or guilty. She'd have come round in time. We all do! Custom does it! It's all the same in the end! However, I think she's fond of her man still--whatever he med be of her. You were too quick about her. I shouldn't have let her go! I should have kept her chained on-- her spirit for kicking would have been broke soon enough! There's nothing like bondage and a stone-deaf taskmaster for taming us women. Besides, you've got the laws on your side. Moses knew.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The Friendship is not a reward for our discrimination and good taste in finding one another out. IT is the instrument by which God reveals to each the beauties of all the others. They are no greater than the beauties of a thousand other men; by Friendship God opens our eyes to them. They are, like all beauties, derived from Him, and then, in a good Friendship, increased by Him through the Friendship itself, so that it is His instrument for creating as well as for revealing. At this feast it is he who has spread the board and it is He who has chosen the guests. It is He, we may dare to hope, who sometimes does, and always should, preside. Let us not reckon without our Host.
Eric Holder|You know, why at the end of your life should you assemble thousands of pages of 'Why am I so sad, why am I so depressed?' Instead, assemble thousands of pages of why you're so content.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough.
Gerald G. May, Care of Mind/Care of Spirit: A Psychiatrist Explores Spirtual Direction|The Holy Spirit does not intervene a posteriori within the framework of Christology, as a help in overcoming the distance between an objectively existing Christ and ourselves; he is the one who gives birth to Christ and to the whole activity of salvation, by anointing Him and making him Χριστὸς (Luke 4.13). If it is truly possible to confess Christ as the truth, this is only because of the Holy Spirit (I For. 12.3). And as a careful study of I Cor. 12 shows, for St. Paul the body of Christ is literally composed of the charismata of the Spirit (charisma = membership of the body). So we can say without risk of exaggeration that Christ exists only pneumatologically, whether in His distinct personal particularity or in His capacity as the body of the Church and the recapitulation of all things.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t just save yourself alone, also bring salvation the people around you
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|It was how wars really ended, Dieffenbaker supposed -- not at truce tables but in cancer wards and office cafeterias and traffic jams. Wars died one tiny piece at a time, each piece something that fell like a memory, each lost like an echo that fades in winding hills. In the end even war ran up the white flag. Or so he hoped. He hoped that in the end even war surrendered.
Milan Kundera|For a novelist, a given historic situation is an anthropologic laboratory in which he explores his basic question: What is human existence?
Michael Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship that Changed the World|Father Ratti had often explained, in Religious Knowledge class, that true humility did not mean a sense of worthlessness or the kind of timidity that caused some people to be cheated and bullied all their lives. The virtue of humility, Ratti said, was merely the faculty of intelligence operating properly "The man of wisdom," Ratti explained once, "fears only one man on earth. Do you know who that is?" And when everybody guessed wrong — some said the Pope, some said King Ferdinand — Ratti said, "The man of wisdom fears himself. He knows who it is who tells him the most plausible lies, the lies he wants to believe.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Little known fact: When you get really scared and too many scary things happen at once, you can leave your body. I don’t know if it’s your soul or your consciousness or what, but you can literally float up in the air over your body and watch what it’s doing.
Emma Lou Warner Thayne, The Place of Knowing: A Spiritual Autobiography|When I look back on my childhood, my earliest memories seem like artifacts from a long-lost civilization: half-understood fragments behind museum glass.
Mort W. Lumsden, Citations: A Brief Anthology|If the Romans had been obliged to learn Latin, they would never have found the time to conquer the world.
Bindi Irwin|There's not always going to be something out there for you, especially not a positive role, so once you get up there and start being well known, you can't just think projects will come to you. You have to start doing your own projects because if you don't, you'll miss out, and eventually your fame will be over.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|But Harry . . . even if we had met and married three years ago, you’d still say it wasn’t enough time.”“You’re right. I can’t think of a single day of my life that wouldn’t have been improved with you in it.”“Darling,” she whispered, her fingertips coming up to stroke his jaw, “that’s lovely. Even more romantic than comparing me to watch parts.”Harry nipped at her finger. “Are you mocking me?”“Not at all,” Poppy said, smiling. “I know how you feel about gears and mechanisms.
Brandon R. Chinn, Second Stage|He's special, but not the kind anyone wants to be. I don't know what to do about that.
E.M. Benton|The pain is real. Flowing as a brook beneath my flesh. I am broken, and yet, I still breathe.
Lisa T. Shepherd|In raising my children, I have lost my mind but found my soul.
Patrick W. Carr, A Draw of Kings|A picture of the world, nothing more than a casting stone set in the heavens, intruded on Errol's dismay. World without end. Was Illustra, their entire world, nothing more than a lot for the ultimate reader, too small and insignificant a thing to care about?
Geena Davis|Chirp of coward shouted in crowd,dare to speak but not to be known.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|when I was a kid I use to put a puzzle together over and over until I got really good at it so one day I turned all the pieces upside down and built it, then I understood the true nature of the puzzle
Bill Cosby|Edward Norton and I have known each other awhile. I just think he's the real deal, supremely talented and smart. He's got a great sense of humor.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|To Jane's horror, he unfolded her paper and read aloud. "Possible Candidates as Lovers.
Kingsley|Most of [the alchemists] were poor; many all but unknown in their own time, many died and saw no fruit of their labours… Of some the very names are forgotten. But though their names be dead, their works live, and grow and spread over ever fresh generations of youth, showing them fresh steps towards that temple of wisdom which is the knowledge of things as they are.
M.F. Moonzajer|Humans always love and hate each other for a reason; beauty or talent, hard working or wealth. If you want to be loved give them a reason.
Sara Sheridan, Brighton Belle|Trying to analyze a situation without enough data was like looking at a photograph of a ball in flight and trying to gauge its direction. Is it going up, down, sideways? Is it about to collide with a baseball bat? Is it moving at all, or is something on the blind side holding it in place? A single frame didn't mean a thing. Patterns were based on data. With enough datapoints, you could predict just about anything.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|You cannot do a kindness too soon, for you never know how soon it will be too late.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|Eventually I confess to a friend some details about my weeping—its intensity, its frequency. She says (kindly) that she thinks we sometimes weep in front of a mirror not to inflame self-pity, but because we want to feel witnessed in our despair.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|In the photograph by my bed my other is perpetually smiling on me. I guess I have forgiven us both, although sometimes in the night my dreams will take me back to the sadness, and I have to wake up and forgive us again.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|I want a God that makes me twirl.' I jumped off the couch. I untucked and unbuttoned my shirt so it would flow like a robe. 'Like this. I can do this for God.' I held my hands out. I twirled and twirled and twirled. 'Look,' I said. 'Look.
Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within: A Book of Self-Esteem|As always, self-esteem had created an ability to be generous.
Aaron Cohen|Happiness is attained, not through self-interest, but through unconditional fidelity in endless love of eternal light.
John  Williams, Stoner|Sometimes Edith came into the room and sat on the bed beside him and they talked. They talked of trivial things – of people they knew casually, of a new building going up on the campus, of an old one torn down; but what they said did not seem to matter. A new tranquility had come between them. It was a quietness that was like the beginning of love; and almost without thinking, Stoner knew why it had come. They had forgiven themselves for the harm they had done each other, and they were rapt in a regard of what their life together might have been.Almost without regret he looked at her now; in the soft light of late afternoon her face seemed young and unlined. If I had been stronger, he thought; if I had known more; if I could have understood. And finally, mercilessly, he thought: if I had loved her more. As if it were a long distance it had to go, his hand moved across the sheet that covered him and touched her hand. She did not move; and after a while he drifted into a kind of sleep.
Herman Melville|In politics, strangely enough, the best way to play your cards is to lay them face upwards on the table.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|…what have you accumulated from the past—what are you in the process of accumulating that will be passed on, if not deliberately, then accidentally? Is this accumulation the best of what has been and the best of what is currently being written, sung, and created? Is it wise? And if not, what will be the next generation’s inheritance, your children’s legacy?
Ron Baratono|People who want to get everything all at once, usually end up getting nothing in life.
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|What the feckin' hell is PMS, I'd like to ken?""Petty Male Shit," she yelled.
David Nicholls, Us|There are gains for all our losses. There are balms for all our pains. But when youth, the dream departs, it takes something from our hearts, and never comes again.We are stronger and are better, under manhood's sterner reign, but we feel that something sweet, followed youth with flying feet, and will never come again.Something beautiful is vanished, and we sigh for it in vain. We behold it everywhere, on the Earth and in the air, but it never comes again.
Fritz Todt|What beauty is, I know not, though it adheres to many things.
Albert Einstein|As a leader, I am tough on myself and I raise the standard for everybody; however, I am very caring because I want people to excel at what they are doing so that they can aspire to be me in the future.
Jennifer Irwin|Away I turned, from the ghosts that brought me to this place. From an insatiable desperation to be wanted and my urge to fill the emptiness inside.
Rener Banham|Paul Buchheit: Then you have what we do with PCs, and that's technically pretty challenging—to take this big network of machines that are unreliable and build a big, reliable storage system out of it.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|We know God by cultivating a relationship, not by understanding a concept.The relation constitutes the very subjectivity of of our existence. We participate in existence consciously and rationally, with subjective self-knowledge and identity, because the erotic drive of our nature is transformed into a personal relation when there arises in the space of the Other the first signifier of desire: the maternal presence. The subject is born with love's first leap of joy.
Kamand Kojouri|One sip of this wine and you will go mad with drunkenness. You will drop your masks and tear your clothes — destroying everything that separates you from the Lover. Once you taste the fruit of this vine, you will be kicked out of the city of yourself. You will forget the world. You will forget yourself. I tell you: you will become a madman who wanders the streets looking for the Lover once you drink this Wine of Love.
Jimi Hendrix|The longer your life goes on, the more death you face.
Mindy Kaling|I did all the right things in so many tournaments. But like I said, sometimes in sports it just goes the other way. Maybe you've already won so much that it evens it out a bit sometimes. I don't know.
Abbe Smith, Case of a Lifetime: A Criminal Defense Lawyer's Story|Just last year, I had to read the old Indian epic, the Mahabharata. Inspired by it, I wished I had been named Draupadi. After all, she, too, had been born differently, even abnormally. She had stepped out of fire, a gift from the old gods to her father the king. There had been no Hindu gods involved in my birth, but the loose parallels gave me a delightful sense of grandeur.
Rose in The Inspired Caregiver|Never give up hope! If you do, you be dead already.
Julius Evola, Revolt Against the Modern World|The woman who later became his wife was sleeping in his bed, her face buried in the pillows and her feet crossed on top of each other like a child's. He watched her sleep and struggled to see her as she was, but what he saw instead were her muscles and bones. He saw right through the skin to where her femur connected to her tibia by way of the ligaments, to the hair web of nerves and the delicate forest of her lungs, to the abstract heart pumping blood through her arteries. It terrified him how easily these systems could fail her.
Judith Shulevitz, The Sabbath World: Glimpses of a Different Order of Time|The Sabbath, I said, is not only an idea. It is also something you keep. With other people. You can’t just extract lessons from it.
Yawatta Hosby, When the Lights Go Out - Ink Slingers' Halloween Anthology|A bloody guy in overalls, wearing a straw hat, began chasing us. He held a saw, pointing it at us. We were gonna die! --The Body By the Tree
Boris Strugatsky, Roadside Picnic|Life is not a hope, but it is all of this !!
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide|The self-esteem of western women is founded on physical being (body mass index, youth, beauty). This creates a tricky emphasis on image, but the internalized locus of self-worth saves lives. Western men are very different. In externalizing the source of their self-esteem, they surrender all emotional independence. (Conquest requires two parties, after all.) A man cannot feel like a man without a partner, corporation, team. Manhood is a game played on the terrain of opposites. It thus follows that male sense of self disintegrates when the Other is absent.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Black Ice|I tapped my cup to his, grateful to have found Shaun, because for a minute there, I'd thought I was going to have to save myself. Instead, I'd wandered into the protective care of a sexy older man.
Claude Bragdon|ABOUT: KAHLIL GIBRAN "His power came from some great reservoir of spiritual life else it could not have been so universal and so potent, but the majesty and beauty of the language with which he clothed it were all his own." -- Claude Bragdon
Edward Hirsch|Someone who's awake in the middle of the night is a soul consciousness when everyone else is asleep, and that creates a feeling of solitude in poetry that I very much like.
Debasish Mridha|I have no money, but my wallet is overflowing with love.
Abraham Lincoln|I could never again raise my voice against the violence of the oppressed, without having first spoken clearly to the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today – my own government.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|You frighten me, when you say there isn't time.""I don't see why. Christians have been expecting the imminent end of the world for millennia.""But it keeps not ending.""So far, so good.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|I’ve always seen you, angel. From the moment you found me, I’ve seen nothing but you.
Anne Michaels|Stars, I have seen them fall,But when they drop and dieNo star is lost at allFrom all the star-sown sky.The toil of all that beHelps not the primal fault;It rains into the seaAnd still the sea is salt.
Debasish Mridha|When we see goodness in everything and everyone, we become good.
Michael Gungor, The Crowd, the Critic, and the Muse: A Book for Creators|The noise around us determines how we speak. And how we listen. Just as a conversation suffers in a war zone, art suffers in a culture built on noise. So does our enjoyment of it.
Rachel Hawkins, Rebel Belle|Always stay one step a head, unless you’re already there
Claudia Tan, Perfect Addiction|It takes a lot of willpower to forgive someone. It takes a lot of strength to let the anger go and live without it. Forgiveness is not for the weak. It's for the strong. And I'm strong. I didn't used to be, but now I think I am.
Angela Merkel|When David Fincher called me up a few years ago and said, 'Hey, I'd like you to score this film 'The Social Network,' I said, 'I'm flattered, but I really don't have any real experience scoring films, and I'd rather not screw it up on a high-profile project. And I like you and I don't want to compromise our friendship.'
James T. Farrell, Studs Lonigan|The phrase "working mother" is redundant.
E. O. Wilson|If the sight of the blue skies fills you with joy, if a blade of grass springing up in the fields has power to move you, if the simple things of nature have a message that you understand, rejoice, for your soul is alive.
Joseph Jarman|To the artist is sometimes granted a sudden, transient insight which serves in this matter for experience. A flash, and where previously the brain held a dead fact, the soul grasps a living truth! At moments we are all artists.
Spanish proverb|Sing  for faith and hope are high -  None so true as you and I -  Sing the Lovers' Litany: "Love like ours can never die!"
Marion Cotillard|...but maybe it's just the genetic code of a teenager. If your parents forbid something, you have to want it.
Vironika Tugaleva|Once trust is built, distance cannot kill it. Time and space alone cannot destroy authentic connection.
Luke Pasqualino|Dating in Los Angeles can be hard, which makes it all the better when you meet a really nice guy.
Kevin Mitnick|There are a lot of people who give you the message that maybe you are not good enough, and the best thing you can do for yourself is to block out all of that noise.
Cheryl Sterling, What Do You Say to a Naked Elf?|Charlie tipped her head up. “Are you sure? We’re a simple people. No automobiles or fancy gadgets.”“Simple?” She chuckled. “Ha! Worlds that think and kings that plot? Sandobbles and goblins, portals and two moons? You are sadly mistaken. Besides,” she said, tracing the edge of his forewing with the tip of her finger. He shuddered against her. “There’s magic here.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|But for her there was no possibility of a clear conscience, merely the weak absolution of honesty, of confession.She could not buy into the cycle of sin and penance. She would always remember what she had done, and it would always sting. She would not be washed clean.
Dada Bhagwan|If there is wrong [ill] on the inside, the outside will appear wrong. Therefore, you should inquire within ‘why am I bothered, when others are not? So there must be wrong within me only.
Sandra Jones, His Captive Princess|A woman must find a husband, otherwise she is at the mercy of the world. If she waits for love and it never arrives, what is to become of her? I consented to Edward's proposal because he wanted me, and it was quite possible no other man would.
Jeff Bridges|I think I give the impression of being a romantic, and I think inside I'm quite severe. But some might say they had the opposite impression of me.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|Things changed, people changed, and the world went rolling along right outside the window.
Thomas Jefferson|It is a fact of big cities that one girl's darkest how is always another's moment of shining triumph, and New York is the biggest and cruelest city of them all.
Christie Purifoy, Roots and Sky: A Journey Home in Four Seasons|There are bald patches, like Daddy's head, on the pebble-dash, higher up than last year. I have picked off the stones. (I was a graffiti artist. No words, no pictures. The trace of identity marked in spaces.
Robert J. Sawyer|I don't know what I believe. I guess that makes me a Christmas tree agnostic." He smiles. "I like it and you're a Yom Kippur atheist.
Mensah Oteh|Success has more to do with what you are willing to sacrifice than your skills, talent or IQ.
Patience Kudzu|Gargoyles sat on the battlements- lean they were and the same hideous damp grey as the stone. They looked at her with hollow eyes and rattled their silver chains. They had wings of bats or wings or birds, most of them, and licked their beaks or teeth with forked or double tongues. Two paced restlessly before their platforms; others whined or picked their claws or groomed their mangy fur or feathers or lizard skin or scales.
tayeb saleh, Season of Migration to the North|Now I'm making a decision. I choose life. I shall live because there are few people I want to stay with for the longest possible time and because I have duties to discharge. It is not my concern whether or not life has meaning. If I am unable to forgive, then I shall try to forget. I shall live by force and cunning."­
Minority Report (TV show)|A phobia is an excessive or unreasonable fear of an object, situation or place. Phobias are quite common and often take root in childhood for no apparent reason. Other times they spring from traumatic events or develop from an attempt to make sense of unexpected and intense feelings of anxiety or panic.Simple phobias are fears of specific things such as insects, infections, or even flying. Agoraphobia is a fear of being in places where one feels trapped or unable to get help, such as in crowds, on a bus or in a car, or standing in a line. It is basically an anxiety that ignites from being in places or situations from which escape might be difficult (or embarrassing). A social phobia is a marked fear of social or performance situations.When the phobic person actually encounters, or even anticipates, being in the presence of the feared object or situation, immediate anxiety can be triggered. The physical symptoms of anxiety may include shortness of breath, sweating, a racing heart, chest or abdominal discomfort, trembling, and similar reactions. The emotional component involves an intense fear and may include feelings of losing control, embarrassing oneself, or passing out.Most people who experience phobias try to escape or avoid the feared situation wherever possible. This may be fairly easy if the feared object is rarely encountered (such as snakes) and avoidance will not greatly restrict the person’s life. At other times, avoiding the feared situation (in the case of agoraphobia, social phobia) is not easily done. After all, we live in a world filled with people and places. Having a fear of such things can limit anyone’s life significantly, and trying to escape or avoid a feared object or situation because of feelings of fear about that object or situation can escalate and make the feelings of dread and terror even more pronounced.In some situations of phobias, the person may have specific thoughts that contribute some threat to the feared situation. This is particularly true for social phobia, in which there is often a fear of being negatively evaluated by others, and for agoraphobia, in which there may be a fear of passing out or dying with no one around to help, and of having a panic attack where one fears making a fool of oneself in the presence of other people.Upon recognizing their problem for what it is, men should take heart in knowing that eighty percent of people who seek help can experience improvement of symptoms or, in male-speak, the illness can be “fixed.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Give a typical employee a million, and, he is most likely to use the money to print his CV on fancier paper.
Petra Hermans|Films, truths!Question 1How you get sad in movie?Mainly the music makes you sad if something happens and there isn't music... there isn't and sadness.Question 2How do you get in best level scared?- It's need silence... footsteps... silence... silence and then from nowhere something to came out.Question 3How do you make people to love the characters?- People like all kinds of characters, but to love them they should hear not what they want but what they won't expect, a character based on their problems and experience...
Jeff Ross|People don't do theology in a vacuum but in a community with other theological thinkers, where there's jealousy, vanity, hurt pride, all those things.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Death for [a Christian] is no accident. With God there are no accidents, no tragedies, and no catastrophes as far as His children are concerned.
William Saroyan, The Human Comedy|When Ulysses saw his brother, a wonderful thing happened to his face. All the terror left his eyes, because now he was hom
Robert Morgan|The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new.
Agu, Jaachynma N.E.|DO! Don’t be concerned about what you are doing – do it so wholeheartedly that the very doing becomes a bliss. And don’t think of great things, there is no such thing as great or small. Don’t think that you are to do great things, play great music, paint great paintings, that you are to become a Picasso or a Van Gogh, or something else – a great writer, a Shakespeare, or a Milton. There is nothing – no great things, no small things. There are great men and small men but things are not great and small. And a great man is one who brings his greatness to every small thing that he is doing: he eats in a great way, he walks in a great way, he sleeps in a great way. He brings the quality of greatness to everything.And what is greatness? Nature.... Nothing is greater than nature.
Joel Paris, The Intelligent Clinician's Guide to the DSM-5|DSM-5 is not 'the bible of psychiatry' but a practical manual for everyday work. Psychiatric diagnosis is primarily a way of communicating. That function is essential but pragmatic—categories of illness can be useful without necessarily being 'true.' The DSM system is a rough-and-ready classification that brings some degree of order to chaos. It describes categories of disorder that are poorly understood and that will be replaced with time. Moreover, current diagnoses are syndromes that mask the presence of true diseases. They are symptomatic variants of broader processes or arbitrary cut-off points on a continuum.
Fatemeh Keshavarz, Jasmine and Stars: Reading More Than Lolita in Tehran|...a small stream...sings a carefree song as it runs by your house. It is so nonthreatening that you can sit by it, look at your reflection in the water, and even wash your hands in it. It is yours, your personal stream. Yet you know that it has originated in the sea and is on its way back to where it has come from. When passing by your house, however, it is yours. You can say it is a personal moment you have torn out of eternity to keep in your pocket for yourself.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|Wishing for someone to talk to, some warm human hand to cling to, she walked across the giant chessboard, searching blindly through the crowd of immobile figures... until she saw a dark form leaning indolently against a white marble column. Her heart began to hammer, and her steps slowed as she was filled with a rush of excitement that heated her skin and made her pulse beat in urgent rhythm.It was Simon Hunt, walking toward her with a slight smile on his face. He caught her before she could retreat, and bent to whisper in her ear."Will you dance with me now?""I can't," she said breathlessly, struggling in his tightening embrace."Yes, you can," he urged gently, his mouth hot and tender as it moved across her face. "Put your arms around me..."As she writhed in his embrace, he laughed softly and kissed her until she was limp and helpless against him. "Queen is now subject to capture," he murmured, drawing back to stare at her with deviltry in his eyes. "You're in danger, Annabelle...
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|Mama: But something might happen. Something that might change everything. Who knows what it might be, but it might be worth waiting for! (Jessie doesn't respond.) Try if for two more weeks.Jessie: No, MamaMama: i'll pay more attention to you. Tell the truth when you ask me. Let you have your say.Jessie: No, Mama. This is how I have my say. This is how I say what I thought about it ALL and I say No. To Dawson and Loretta and the Red Chinese and epilepsy and Ricky and Cicel and you. And me. And hope. I say No.,
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|She wished to appear only in the full radiance of her beauty. Oh yes, she was quite vain! And her mysterious adornment had lasted days and days. And then one morning, precisely at sunrise, she showed herself.
Sally Kempton, Meditation for the Love of It: Enjoying Your Own Deepest Experience|When men imagine a female uprising, they imagine a world in which women rule men as men have ruled women.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|The Winter Photograph was my Ariadne, not because it would help me discover a secret thing (monster or treasure), but because it would tell me what constituted that thread which drew me toward Photography. I had understood that henceforth I must interrogate the evidence of Photography, not from the viewpoint of pleasure, but in relation to what we romantically call love and death.
Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn|There is nothing on earth more beautiful to me than your smile...no sound sweeter than your laughter...no pleasure greater than holding you in my arms. I realized today that I could never live without you, stubborn little hellion that you are. In this life and the next, you’re my only hope of happiness. Tell me, Lillian, dearest love...how can you have reached so far inside my heart?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Let the world know your dreams, my friend; realise them!
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection|Hanging conversations,uncertain observations,incomplete imaginations.Unsent text messages,unreplied mails,undecided calls,unattended places.Unsettled pledges,distant searches.Some underutilized wages,some unseen dreams,sitting on dried leaves,believing the unbelieved…bidding adieu,to the accepted,how much she wanted todo,what was,detested!
Nobuhiro Watsuki|In AP Bio, I learned that the cells in our body are replaced every seven years, which means that one day, I'll have a body full of cells that were never sick. But it also means that parts of me that knew and loved Sadie will disappear. I'll still remember loving her, but it'll be a different me who loved her. And maybe this is how we move on. We grow new cells to replace the grieving ones, diluting our pain until it loses potency.The percentage of my skin that touched hers will lessen until one day my lips won't be the same lips that kissed hers, and all I'll have are the memories. Memories of cottages in the woods, arranged in a half-moon. Of the tall metal tray return in the dining hall. Of the study tables in the library. The rock where we kissed. The sunken boat in Latham's lake, Sadie, snapping a photograph, laughing the lunch line, lying next to me at the movie night in her green dress, her voice on the phone, her apple-flavored lips on mine. And it's so unfair. All of it.
Daniel Webster|God's finger touched him, and he slept.
Archibald E. Garrod|All the more recent work on alkaptonuria has... strengthened the belief that the homogentisic acid excreted is derived from tyrosine, but why alkaptonuric individuals pass the benzene ring of their tyrosine unbroken and how and where the peculiar chemical change from tyrosine to homogentisic acid is brought about, remain unsolved problems.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The idyll ended, as idylls must.
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|A person can learn a lot from a dog, even a loopy one like ours. Marley taught me about living each day with unbridled exuberance and joy, about seizing the moment and following your heart. He taught me to appreciate the simple things-a walk in the woods, a fresh snowfall, a nap in a shaft of winter sunlight. And as he grew old and achy, he taught me about optimism in the face of adversity. Mostly, he taught me about friendship and selflessness and, above all else, unwavering loyalty.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|A real woman's blood pressure will go up when another man touch her, in anger of me losing my dignity and not because she likes it.
Tarun Sharma|No matter how big a company is, one has to always look at business basics.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Rebellion, waywardness, lack of discipline, confusion, and conflict prevent happy relationships within the home. But God is interested in your family, your marriage, your children. He shows us the ideals and the goals for the family.
Shannon L. Alder|Everybody is ignorant, Just on different subjects.
Chris Mentillo|When looking for a job, ignore (don't even bother with them) those companies who expect you to literally do everything for them and also fail to mention anything about your pay. This is a huge red flag. Run as fast as you can and don't look back.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Stay strong; disappointments will not stay for that long. Wipe away your tears; be ready to receive cheers from people all over the world, beginning from you!
Todd Davis|Try telling the boy who’s just had his girlfriend’s namecut into his arm that there’s slippage between the signifierand the signified. Or better yet explain to the girlwho watched in the mirror as the tattoo artist stitchedthe word for her father’s name (on earth as in heaven)across her back that words aren’t made of flesh and blood,that they don’t bite the skin. Language is the animalwe’ve trained to pick up the scent of meaning. It’s whywhen the boy hears his father yelling at the doorhe sends the dog that he’s kept hungry, that he’s kicked,then loved, to attack the man, to show him that every wordhas a consequence, that language, when used right, hurts.
Kate McGahan|We don't see the truth with our eyes, we see the truth with our heart.
Shannon L. Alder|If you never learned to hold onto someone, how could it possibly hurt now to let them go?
Cornelia Funke, Inkspell|And there stood Basta with his foot already on another dead body, smiling. Why not? He had hit his target, and it was the target he had been aiming for all along: Dustfinger’s heart, his stupid heart. It broke in two as he held Farid in his arms, it simply broke in two, although he had taken such good care of it all these years.
J. C. Watts|In our factory, we make lipstick. In our advertising, we sell hope.
Charles B. Rangel|Canada is the homeland of equality, justice and tolerance.
Jeremy Aldana|It’s not so much the journey that’s important; as is the way that we treat those we encounter and those around us, along the way
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|It was then that she realized she still had God. He was the only one who hadn't left her. He knew who she was, even if she didn't. A single tear formed in the corner of her eye as she thanked God for not abandoning her - especially when she needed Him most.
S.B. Redd, Temptation.com|Entering the foyer, Royale already decided that he would thank Shake once more for being by his side at Keena’s recital. But she stunned him by eagerly waiting for him just like old times—on her knees wearing only a collar and a leash.
Anonymous|When my wife was asked  "Do you take this man for richer or poorer . . ." she answered  "For richer."
George Makari, Soul Machine: The Invention of the Modern Mind|Unlike any other empirical object in Nature, the mind's presence is immediately apparent to itself, but opaque to all external observers.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I’m in love with my corporate girlfriend,with the Cyclops heart
Saji Ijiyemi, Don't Die Sitting|If you don't write, then read.
Emilie Autumn, The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls|It gives me strength to have somebody to fight for; I can never fight for myself, but, for others, I can kill.
Christine Feehan, Water Bound|He tasted passion. He tasted emotion. He tasted a world he’d never imagined, one he could never enter. It was right there in front of him, suddenly open to him. Unexpected. Exciting. Scary.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|Where's Kraven? Is he stalking me too?"His mouth went tight. "I'm not stalking you.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Yes! all is past—swift time has fled away,Yet its swell pauses on my sickening mind;How long will horror nerve this frame of clay?I'm dead, and lingers yet my soul behind.Oh! powerful Fate, revoke thy deadly spell,And yet that may not ever, ever be,Heaven will not smile upon the work of Hell;Ah! no, for Heaven cannot smile on me;Fate, envious Fate, has sealed my wayward destiny.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Be who you are. If a man, be one. If woman, be so. The gender-change, behaviour or role, is a mind-made turd. As illusory as this world.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|Forever is a measure of time used by people who share an ordinary love. Our extraordinary love is immeasurable...for us, forever just won’t do.
Graham Greene, Complete Short Stories|He loves deep... hates hard, ever'thing's that killed what he loves. All great warriors are sich men.
Steven Poore, The Heir to the North|Just a girl? Hardly. In Hellea, you were a boy, a storyteller, a rogue who infiltrated the deepest cellars of the greatest library in the world. A born trickster as well. Before that, what were you? A warrior trained by a prince, a storyteller's daughter. And more, I should think. But never just a girl, Cassia.
Michael Bihovsky|Not much more than a broke disgrace who's hooked on tonics, so excuse him if his poker face has puke on it.
Leonard Boswell|Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use.
Anthony T. Hincks|I can't believe I'm here,sitting with all my friends.There's No-one!And there's Nobody!My only two, and best true friends.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|So here is what I see when we reclaim the church ladies: a woman loved and free is beautiful. She is laughing with her sisters, and together they are telling their stories, revealing their scars and their wounds, the places where they don't have it figured out. They are nurturers, creating a haven where the young, the broken, the tenderhearted, and the at-risk can flourish. These women are dancing and worshiping, hands high, faces tipped toward heaven, tears streaming. They are celebrating all shapes and sizes, talking frankly and respectfully about sexuality and body image, promising to stop calling themselves fat. They are saving babies tossed in rubbish heaps, rescuing child soldiers, supporting mamas trying to make ends meet halfway around the world, thinking of justice when they buy their daily coffee. They are fighting sex trafficking. They are pastoring and counseling. They are choosing life consistently, building hope, doing the hard work of transformation in themselves. They are shaking off the silence of shame and throwing open the prison doors of physical and sexual abuse, addictions, eating disorders, and suicidal depression. Poverty and despair are being unlocked - these women know there are many hands helping turn that key. There isn't much complaining about husbands and chores, cattiness, or jealousy when a woman knows she is loved for her true self. She is lit up with something bigger than what the world offers, refusing to be intimidated into silence or despair.
M.B. Dallocchio|The open road. Seemingly my only friend for years upon end since leaving war. The road embraced me, let me breathe, and more importantly, did not judge me.
P.S. Martinez|I was either still dreaming or I had entered an alternate reality where I was a flippin' insane person. I doubted I had entered an alternate reality and a quick slap to my own face proved I wasn't still dreaming. -Sage Hannigan, Contingency
Thomas Frank, The Wrecking Crew: How Conservatives Rule|Corruption is uniquely reprehensible in a democracy because it violates the system's first principle, which we all learned back in the sunshiny days of elementary school: that the government exist to serve the public, not particular companies or individuals or even elected officials. 
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|He was staring hard, not at his wife and me but at his daughter watching us. In his cold pupil, in the firm twist of his lips, was reflected Madame Miyagi's orgasm reflected in her daughter's gaze.
Helene Hanff, The Duchess of Bloomsbury Street|I’m so sorry. I don’t think the etiquette manuals cover this sort of situation.” He leaned in close, his lips all but grazing her neck, and inhaled. “Mmm. You smell good, too.”She nearly choked. Took a step backwards, until her back met cold stone. “Th-thank you.”“That’s better. May I kiss you?” His finger dipped into her shirt collar, stroking the tender nape of her neck.“I d-don’t th-think that’s a good idea.”“Why not? We’re alone.” His hands were at her waist.Her lungs felt tight and much too small. “Wh-what if somebody comes in?”He considered for a moment. “Well, I suppose they’ll think I fancy grubby little boys.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|The world is full of talkers, but it is rare to find anyone who listens. And I assure you that you can pick up more information when you are listening than when you are talking.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Brian Williams" This guy gets around more than Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys, but this time, I think he's gone too far. Unfortunately, I can't put a cover of my book My Year in Oman with Mr. Williams' picture on the cover.
Nel Noddings, Peace Education: How We Come to Love and Hate War|For Achilles, the death of Patroclus pushed him into a fury, but it was not only grief that drove him. It was also a sense of shame and guilt because he had not been there to protect his friend. Sometimes men in combat feel this sort of survivor’s guilt even though, realistically, they could have done nothing to prevent their comrade’s death.
Robert A. Caro, Master of the Senate|He was a stylist, not a thinker. He spent time trying to say things in as complicated a way as possible.
Rachel  Harris, My Not So Super Sweet Life|How about a little teaser from CROWN OF ICE? Thyra Winther, the current Snow Queen speaks about her "home":At night the palace’s crystal halls are tinged sapphire. One of the first bits of magic that Voss taught me was to set the carved walls alight so that I’m not forced to walk the halls in darkness. I conjure a cold light that glows within the thick walls without melting the ice. I mastered this trick quickly once I knew what those shadows held. If I leave an area in darkness, they come—the girls who reigned as Snow Queen before me. “I must find it.” Their hollow words wind about me like a shroud. “The last piece. I must place it. Give it to me.
Andria Gaskins, A Second Helping|Living in low-income neighborhoods, I've seen sexual health campaigns aimed at slut-shaming us into celibacy. They talk about things like self-esteem and value and all the usual abstinence arguments. They assume that our bodies are a gift that we should bestow selectively on others, rather than the one thing that can never be anything but our own. Even if we do share it, it is ours irrevocably.These are the bodies that hold the brains we're supposed to shut off all day at work, the same bodies that aren't important enough to heal. These are the bodies that come with the genitalia that we should be so protective of? I really don't understand the logic.You can't tell us that our brains and labor and emotions are worth next to nothing and then expect us to get all full of intrinsic worth when it comes to our genitals. Either we're cheap or we're not.Make up your fucking mind.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Most of the world’s problems are caused by people who made education compulsory, but personal development optional. Because of them, we have many intelligent people who lack good characters.
Clive Barker, The Thief of Always|We're both thieves, Harvey Swick. I take time. You take lives. But in the end we're the same: both Thieves of Always.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket: The Complete Collection|I see pieces of memories in his eyes. Pieces of us. They are broken, and scattered, but they are there, gradually coming together again at the sight of me.
Sandra M. Michelle, Shake It Off: Neutralizing the Venom of Poisonous People|God gave us the grace and ability to work, because it is only through work we can resolve national issues.
Courtney Love|Ignore that nightmare in the bathroom. Just another ugly refugee from the Love Generation, some doom-struck gimp who couldn't handle the pressure. My attorney has never been able to accept the notion—often espoused by reformed drug abusers and especially popular among those on probation—that you can get a lot higher without drugs than with them. And neither have I, for that matter.
Alexis Tiger|That spot was taken," Kara sat up to look at them. Stylized, short, black hair with bangs. Piercing blue eyes. Proper posture. Lean. It was Oliver. "I don't think a bag counts as a person," he smiled down at her.
Francis Steegmuller, Flaubert and Madame Bovary|Again, Syd had that feeling, the past as an echo, repeating itself as it faded. The poor had longed for Jubilee to save them from the powerful, and now the one-time patrons longed for the Machine to do the same. Every revolution believes it can return something that had been lost, but nothing is ever the same. The only thing that endures are people. Syd saw that clearly now, and perhaps so too did Marie. You could serve a revolution, an idea that ended up an echo if itself, or you could serve people, with their maddening contradictions. You couldn't serve both. You had to choose.
Karl Lagerfeld|Respect is not creative ... Chanel is an institution, and you have to treat an institution like a whore — and then you get something out of her.
Sara Teasdale|I have no riches but my thoughts, Yet these are wealth enough for me
Margaret Thatcher|Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing. Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Marriage can and should be the greatest thing that happens to you in this life, along with having children. We need to make the most of it and work to make it that great experience we dreamed about when we were young.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|CHORONZON: I am a dire wolf, prey-stalking, lethal prowler.MORPHEUS: I am a hunter, horse-mounted, wolf-stabbing.CHORONZON: I am a horsefly, horse-stinging, hunter-throwing.MORPHEUS: I am a spider, fly-consuming, eight legged.CHORONZON: I am a snake, spider-devouring, posion-toothed.MORPHEUS: I am an ox, snake-crushing, heavy-footed.CHORONZON: I am an anthrax, butcher bacterium, warm-life destroying.MORPHEUS: I am a world, space-floating, life-nurturing.CHORONZON: I am a nova, all-exploding... planet-cremating.MORPHEUS: I am the Universe -- all things encompassing, all life embracing., Dreamlord?MORPHEUS: I am hope.
Anthony T Hincks|When I hang upside down and write the wrong way up, will my letters be upside down or the right way up?
Martin R. Lemieux|I realized that with everything I did from that point onward, I would have to ask myself this question: "How would I feel if what I'm doing right now is written up on the front page of the Wall Street Journal or the New York Times or if it is on television? Would I still do it?" That is a very useful exercise for leaders to engage in, because we shouldn't do anything we might be embarrassed by or ashamed of.
Ged Thompson Liverpool Poet|To hold the courage to let another witness our tears, while refuting fears invitation to shield face, is to grant the most privileged of all loving intimacies to them.
Jesse Abundis|Of all the advantages that ghostwriting offers, one of the greatest must be the opportunity that you get to meet people of interest.
Alex Flinn, Breaking Point|If God gave Dad Alzheimer’s, He’s got to understand when Dad forgets what church he belongs to.
Colin Thubron|Sometimes, you feel yourself weightless, thinned. You draw back the curtains (if there are any) on a rectangle of wasteland at dawn, and realise that you are cast adrift from everything that gave you identity. Thousands of miles from anyone who knows you, you have the illusion that your past is lighter, scarcely yours at all. Even your ties of love have been attenuated (the emergency satellite phone is in my rucksack and nobody calls). Dangerously, you may come to feel invulnerable.
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|As far as we can tell, from a purely scientific viewpoint, human life has absolutely no meaning. Humans are the outcome of blind evolutionary processes that operate without goal or purpose. Our actions are not part of some divine cosmic plan, and if planet Earth were to blow up tomorrow morning, the universe would probably keep going about business as usual.
Sahara Sanders|Climbing your personal Everest, do your best to make sure it won’t end up being your Calvary.
P.G. Wodehouse, A Damsel in Distress|Sober or blotto, this is your motto: keep muddling through.
Werner Herzog|Her mind was an hotel where facts came and went like transient lodgers, without leaving their address behind, and frequently without paying for their board.
Stephen Richards|If it doesn't take your breath away, make a bigger wish.
Michelle Yeoh|I always remember this neighbor who would ask me to babysit for her. She looked like Jayne Mansfield, and I remember babysitting for, like, five hours and she would pay me 80 cents, with a phony smile. I used to go home fuming to my mum.
Tom Althouse|I write to remind me of the experiences, fictional or non-fictional, that flows a bit of selfless truths. For the me in the ‘I’, or the me through your eyeballs, it is a serum to separate the lumpiness in my heart.
Jamie Leanne Gaines|If you truly want to know a person, talk to their enemies.
Ryan Lilly|Pay attention: Are your daily choices in alignment with the life you want for yourself? If not, nothing will change.
Steven Spielberg|The rate of technological and human physiological change in the 20th century has been remarkable. Beyond that, a synergy between the improved technology and physiology is more than the simple addition of the two.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Conversation. What is it? A Mystery! It's the art of never seeming bored, of touching everything with interest, of pleasing with trifles, of being fascinating with nothing at all.
Kristen Simmons, The Glass Arrow|While men had the right to obey their biological urges, women had to suppress theirs until the perfect moment. From television, movies, books, magazines, my peers, and even some of my relatives, I was taught that if a woman allowed a man to penetrate her too soon, she was too easy of a conquest for him. He would move on to pursue greater challenges after he was finished using her body to relieve his sexual urges. If the woman waited too long to let the man enter her body, she was a prude and the man would eventually give up on her. Women needed to time this process perfectly so that she could “keep” a man in her life at all times.It was the man’s goal to catch the woman and the woman’s goal to keep the man.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|There is only one all-pervading God. It has no religion, no incarnation. It is free from all contaminations.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|No," he said, and he snapped his fingers. "You'll come work for me at K----. And be a real associate editor."I said, "I could bring you up on charges for that.""What?""Work harassment in the sexual place.
Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do|Bring the mind into sharp focus and make it alert so that it can immediately intuit truth, which is everywhere. The mind must be emancipated from old habits, prejudices, restrictive thought processes and even ordinary thought itself.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Like it or not, how we each present ourselves to the world, by way of our appearance, attire, behavior, and speech, all send messages on our behalf.
Kathleen Turner|I think that, too many times, business has been seen as acting in its narrow self-interest rather than, essentially, contributing more broadly to society. I think a lot of that is unintentional; I don't think that many managers are deliberately trying to be unethical or are not trying to be sensitive to social needs.
N. Kazantzakis|There is a kind of flame in Crete - let us call it "soul" - something more powerful than either life or death. There is pride, obstinacy, valor, and together with these something else inexpressible and imponderable, something which makes you rejoice that you are human being, and at the same time tremble. (Report to Greco)
Stella McCartney|For the millions of Americans, like my family, who believe that there is a creator God who can be known personally, Christmas is a celebration of Jesus' offer of love and forgiveness for all people.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Dragons are a manifestation of things we fear. More often than not, those fears prove to be just as daunting and just as imaginary.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|So start with the waking state. When you are hungry eat, but always remember that it is the body that is hungry, not you. If you hurt your leg, wash and clean the wound, apply medication, but always remember that it is the body that is hurt, not you. This much remembrance – and you will find that ninety-nine percent of the pain has vanished. This slight knowledge, this little awareness removes so much of your suffering. One percent is bound to remain because the knowledge is not total. When knowledge becomes total all of the suffering disappears.Buddha said that an awakened person is beyond suffering. You can cut off the limbs of such a person, you can throw him in the fire, you can kill him, but you cannot make him suffer, because he stands apart from all that is happening around him.
Chris Evans|Ronald Reagan said, 'Trust, but verify.' President Obama is 'trust, but vilify.' He trusts our enemies and vilifies everyone who disagrees with him.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The shelf where you can find the power to kick start is the shelf of self-confidence. No matter how loaded you are with the right information, you need to pull yourself out!
Daniel Akaka|I want a world without war, a world without insanity. I want to see people do well. I don't even think it's as much as what I want for myself. It's more what I want for the people around me. That's what I want.
Justin Southwick|Life and Death took a break,weary from their burdensome role.Nobody lived or died that day.
Abdul Mueed|following a process is being programmed, living is doing it in other way.
Marilyn Monroe|I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband.
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|And if you learn only one thing from the ensuing maybe let it be this: the police were not merely interested observers who occasionally witnessed criminality and were then basically compelled to make an arrest, rather the police had the special ability to in effect create Crime by making an arrest almost whenever they wishes, so widespread was wrongdoing. Consequently, the decision on who would become a body was often affected by overlooked factors like the candidate's degree of humility, the neighborhood it lived in, and most often the relevant officers' need for overtime.
Joel Salatin|While Democrats fussed with the details of health care reforms, conservatives spent months telling the nation that the real issue is freedom, that what's on the line is American liberty itself.
John Kenneth Galbraith, Economics Peace and Laughter|Sooner or later the Internet will become profitable. It's an old story played before by canals, railroads and automobiles.
Ingmar Bergman|I'm constantly looking for ways to learn and elevate your craft, patience for yourself, and patience for this business. It's not a fair business. You may be great, but it may take years for someone to notice what you're capable of because of politics.
Katie Reus, Sweetest Surrender|He'd fantasized about her too? "You don't have to fantasize anymore," she murmured...
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|You cannot earn $10 million. Nobody earns millions. You can rob, you can steal, or you can make $10 million in an IPO, but never earn so much. So just forget all this saving and consulting bullshit.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|The butterflies have flown away, like my ignorance and youth.
Emily Ratajkowski|To write a novel is to embark on a quest that is very romantic. People have visions, and the next step is to execute them. That's a very romantic project. Like Edvard Munch's strange dreamlike canvases where people are stylized, like 'The Scream.' Munch must have had that vision in a dream, he never saw it.
Lee   Davidson, Satellite|Dude, it's mind control. That's got to be the best superpower ever!
Julie James, The Thing About Love|There's a big difference between want and need," she muttered to herself, picking her pad and pen back up. "I mean I want a bikini body, but I need chicken nuggets.
Richard Yonck, Heart of the Machine: Our Future in a World of Artificial Emotional Intelligence|If origin defines race, then we are all Africans – we are all black.
Bill Gaede|Whereas a novice makes moves until he gets checkmated (proof), a Grand Master realizes 20 moves in advance that it’s futile to continue playing (conceptualizing).
Steve Maraboli|Pay attention… How a person handles poor cell service, traffic, and spotty wifi is a good indicator of how they’ll behave during relationship challenges.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|Character is a question of time. It lasts for a certain length of time, just like a glove. There are good ones that last a long time. But they don't last forever.
Kim Kardashian|My wife is the boss at home, and my daughters are the bosses. I am just the worker. We are a very warm family and very happy.
Susan Jacoby, The Age of American Unreason|This mindless tolerance, which places observable scientific facts, subject to proof, on the same level as unprovable supernatural fantasy, has played a major role in the resurgence of both anti-intellectualism and anti-rationalism.
Robert Webb|You know, I've always thought that it would be really funny if somebody made a romantic comedy where absolutely everything went well from beginning to end.
Gregory J.E. Rawlins, Compared to What?: An Introduction to the Anaylsis of Algorithms|We need both Socrates and Aristotle in the search for knowledge, but in education today there is too much Aristotle and too little Socrates.
Debasish Mridha|To find eternal peace, love everyone as if they are your beloved children.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Why did you come in to-night with your heads in the air? 'Make way, we are coming! Give us every right and don't you dare breathe a word before us. Pay us every sort of respect, such as no one's ever heard of, and we shall treat you worse than the lowest lackey!' They strive for justice, they stand on their rights, and yet they've slandered him like infidels in their article. We demand, we don't ask, and you will get no gratitude from us, because you are acting for the satisfaction of your own conscience! Queer sort of reasoning!... He has not borrowed money from you, he doesn't owe you anything, so what are you reckoning on, if not his gratitude? So how can you repudiate it? Lunatics! They regard society as savage and inhuman, because it cries shame on the seduced girl; but if you think society inhuman, you must think that the girl suffers from the censure of society, and if she does, how is it you expose her to society in the newspapers and expect her not to suffer? Lunatics! Vain creatures! They don't believe in God, they don't believe in Christ! Why, you are so eaten up with pride and vanity that you'll end by eating up one another, that's what I prophesy. Isn't that topsy-turvydom, isn't it infamy?
Penn Jillette|Nobody that has seen a baby born can believe in god for a second. When you see your child born, and the panic, and the amount of technology that is saving the life of the two people you love most in the world, when you see how much stainless steel and money it takes to fight off the fact that god wants both those people dead, no one, no one can look into the eyes of a newborn baby and say there's a god, because I'll tell ya, if we were squatting in the woods, the two people I love most would be dead. There's just no way around that. If I were in charge, no way. We need technology to fight against nature; nature so wants us dead. Nature is trying to kill us.
Jennifer Shirk, The Role of a Lifetime|Wait a minute,” Sandra said, sounding skeptical. “You were really stuck?”Things were starting to get worse.Her mouth dropped open and she began to laugh—the kind of laugh that would have been music to his ears if she were laughing with him and not at him.Things were definitely worse.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|people have character strength but they lack communication skills, and that undoubtedly affects the quality of relationships as well.
Jenny Trout, Ashes to Ashes|One minute she acts like she wants to be with me and I'm the one rejecting her. The next, she's got this barbed wire fence and barking dogs around her, like I can't even ask her the simplest questions.""And here I was assuming you didn't care about her."Stabbing his fingers through his hair, he groaned, "I don't!""And you make it perfectly clear." Men. Idiots.
Jeanette Winterson|Life can surprise you. You want something with every ounce of blood that flows in your veins, and then one day it's yours. Right there before you. Everything. You break out in a cold sweat with the undeniable realization that what you really want is home. Sometimes finding home is a long time coming. A long journey.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|You know what the doctor said to me to cheer me up?" Fat said. "There are worse diseases than cancer.""Did he show you slides?"We both laughed. When you are nearly crazy with grief, you laugh at what you can.
R.M. Engelhardt (TALON), The Bones of Our Existence, A Journal 2046|We write because the blank piece of paper and the pen are there. We write because this is our addiction and we are proud of it. Our habit, our drug, our crutch. Whatever you wish to call it. We write because since an early age we felt it deep in our souls and in our bones. The poem must be written, the story must be told and the new myths and Gods are waiting for you to bring them forth from out of the darkness and to bring them into the light of being. You are a creator, so create. You are the writer. So write.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|Clearly you did not rise to your exalted position through sales,” she said after a moment, only the faintest catch in her dry voice. “Because your pitch could use some work.
Tessa Bailey, Staking His Claim|The sound of the rain faded away and she kissed him, letting herself be as honest as she'd wanted to be, letting her kiss speak for everything she was afraid to say with words.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|His gaze, lowered toward the ground, slowly, leisurely drifts up, until it slams into mine with the heavy force of steel against steel. The green is back, emerald flames dancing behind clouds of black and grey. And with just that single look, his head slightly dipped, I know . . . Here, right now, I’m the one with all the power.
Jennifer     Harrison, Write like no one is reading|He smiled against my cheek and kissed me again. "Talking with you would be much more enjoyable than talking with Talia, Lilly." His eyes scanned the floor by my feet. "She's paint by number; you're watercolor." Things like that, moments like those, how do you explain to other people that no one else in the world can make you feel this way?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Twilight of the Idols|Eventually, you will hit upon a particular field, niche, or opportunity that suits you perfectly. You will recognize it when you find it because it will spark that childlike sense of wonder and excitement; it will feel right. Once found, everything will fall into place. You will learn more quickly and more deeply . your skills level will reach a point where you will be able to claim your independence from within the group you work for and move out on your own. you will determine your circumstances. As your own Master, you will no longer be subject to the whims of tyrannical bosses or scheming peers.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We are only able to disrespect, mistreat, and harm one another when we forget that the other person is us; when we only see the objects of form, and not the subjective Consciousness that lies within. Lust, greed, violence, selfishness—all arise from perceiving others in terms of their individual differences, seeing them only as bodies, and what we can get from them as bodies, rather than acknowledging the Being that lies within the body.
Stephen Peter Rosen, Winning the Next War|The new information technology, indifferent to human suffering, does not accommodate humane needs unless we harness it and make it do so.
Raymond E. Feist, The King's Buccaneer|You think, because you have a purpose, Nature must have one. You might as well expect it to have fingers and toes because you do.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world thinks peace would come if everyone made a lot of money, but people haven’t found peace in possessions. They have thought the world would have peace if all arms were destroyed. Yet Cain killed Abel without a handgun. It is man’s heart that is the problem.
George R.R. Martin|You are the daughter of your Father, inheritor of the Earth, beautiful and blameless, chosen.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Ever since people first existed, they have been doing all the things we label "codependent." They have worried themselves sick about other people. They have tried to help in ways that didn't help. They have said yes when they meant no. They have tried to make other people see things their way. They have bent over backwards avoiding hurting people's feelings and, in so doing, have hurt themselves. They have been afraid to trust their feelings. They have believed lies and then felt betrayed. They have wanted to get even and punish others. They have felt so angry they wanted to kill. They have struggled for their rights while other people said they didn't have any. They have worn sackcloth because they didn't believe they deserved silk.
Sarah Ruhl, In the Next Room, or the vibrator play|Hands are difficult. You would think they would be just five quick lines, but no, they have personalities as intimate as faces. Elizabeth's hands, for instance—they are fine hands, with long fingers that remind me of tapered candles. A person one has loved—the memory of their hands. Did they flutter or sit still? Dry? Moist? Cool on a hot forehead? What? That is what I wish to express in my paintings. The memory—of the movement—of very particular hands, even though they appear to be unmoving on canvas.
Rea Hayman|Life is like one big blueprint, if you don't make plans then your future will not be built
Banksy, Wall and Piece|There is not one big cosmic meaning for all; there is only the meaning we each give to our life, an individual meaning, an individual plot, like an individual novel, a book for each person.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|You'll know you're doing something right if you feel you don't know what you're doing... if you know what you are doing, you are doing it right- but you might just repeating yourself...
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Until you find where the goal post is, you shall only exert all your precious energy and ability shooting in the direction of goal kick without scoring any goal
Martha Bolton|I'd go to the end of the world for my husband. Of course, if he'd just stop and ask directions, I wouldn't have to.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|No age of life is inglorious. Youth has its merits, but living to a ripe old age is the true statement of value. Aging is the road that we take to discern our character. Fame and fortune can elude us, but character is immortal. We must encounter a sufficient variety of experiences including both failures and accomplishments in order to gain nobility of character.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I don't know what happened. Disease? War? Social collapse? Or was it just us? The Dead replacing the Living? I guess it's not so important. Once you've arrived at the end of the world, it hardly matters which route you took.
Jessica Clare, Stranded with a Billionaire|Love is not control, Logan. Love is partnership. Friendship. A wise man once said, 'If you want to be loved, be lovable.
David Mitchell|In the Belgian backwaters, south of Bruges, there lives a reclusive English composer, named Vyvyan Ayrs. You won’t have heard of him because you’re a musical oaf, but he’s one of the greats.
Tony Dovale|The biggest problem in AFRICA, is the government/public service leaders ensure that the education system teaches them WHAT to think and NOT HOW TO THINK. IT embeds a Fixed Mindest of Learned Helplessness. We can ReThink Resilience and psycap to transform the people, but the leaders won't be too happy when the voters can think beyond learned helplessness and a go beyond a liming culture 2000 years out of date.We need to Rethink Education and culture in the digital age.
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|Yelena, you've driven me crazy. You've caused me considerable trouble and I've contemplated ending your life twice since I've known you." Valek's warm breath in my ear sent a shiver down my spine."But you’ve slipped under my skin, invaded my blood and seized my heart.”“That sounds more like a poison than a person,” was all I could say. His confession had both shocked and thrilled me.“Exactly,” Valek replied. “You have poisoned me.
L.M. Montgomery, Jane of Lantern Hill|Let's sum up... a little house, white and green or to be made so... with trees, preferably birch and spruce... a window looking seaward... on a hill. That sounds very possible... but there is one other requirement. There must be magic about it, Jane... lashings of magic... and magic houses are scarce, even on the Island. Have you any idea at all what I mean, Jane?"Jane reflected."You want to feel that the house is yours before you buy it," she said."Jane," said dad, "you are too good to be true.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|When I am, you are not.
James Redfield, The Celestine Prophecy|If you took one-tenth the energy you put into complaining and applied it to solving the problem, you'd be surprised by how well things can work out... Complaining does not work as a strategy. We all have finite time and energy. Any time we spend whining is unlikely to help us achieve our goals. And it won't make us happier.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|This kiss was hello.It was I've missed you, I've craved you, I've never forgotten you.This kiss was love.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|You really work in those conditions?”She, irritated by the contact, pulled her arm away, protesting: “And how do you work, the two of you, how do you work?”They didn’t answer. They worked hard, that was obvious. And at least Enzo in front of him, in the factory, women worn out by the work, by humiliations, by domestic obligations no less than Lila was. Yet now they were both angry because of the conditions _she_ worked in; they couldn’t tolerate it. You had to hide everything from men. They preferred not to know, they preferred to pretend that what happened at the hands of the boss miraculously didn’t happen to the women important to them and that—this was the idea they had grown up with—they had to protect her even at the risk of being killed. In the face of that silence Lila got even angrier. "Fuck off," she said, "you and the working class.
Maria Montessori|The country that consistently ranks among the highest in educational achievement is Finland. A rich country, but education is free. Germany, education is free. France, education is free.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|It is in books, poems, paintings which often give us the confidence to take seriously feelings in ourselves that we might otherwise never have thought to acknowledge.
Andrzej Sapkowski|While I knew him, he made me see--Poe did; made me understand that, unlike a bodily organ, the soul desires, even wills, its own continuance.It can be said to be the seat of will and desire and, even in its necrotic state, the root of evil. ... A Sunday school lesson or one of Cotton Mather's gaudy rants that helped to kindle the Salem bonfires is nearer to the truth of it than a fable by Poe, Hawthorne, or Melville. Evil's a malignancy beyond the skill and scalpel of {doctors} to heal or extirpate.
F.K. Preston|I begin my life. I live again. I meet a young girl called Valeria. She smiles easily. She laughs tender sounds that pull at my heart. I’m too young to be profound but she makes me feel so safe. So cherished. I am thirty years old. I bump into a woman I knew when she was a girl. Valeria looks annoyed to see me. She lives in the future. Where the world is turning. I live within the past. Where the people are trapped and screaming and alone. I live within the past when Valeria and I were in love. She’s waiting for the cab to come, her foot tapping against the sidewalk. Her eyes glancing at her watch every few minutes. I’m eager to reunite our lives through some kind of friendship. I’m so eager to know her again, as she was when she was a child. But Valeria lives within the future. I live within the past. Have the two ever gotten along? Have they ever even met?
Rhyannon Byrd, Rush of Pleasure|The whole crazy business seemed to pull out of my guts the very worst in me—my worst fears—the worst aspects of my character—my worst insecurities and feelings of shame and guilt. I didn't know it at the time, but that was exactly what was supposed to be happening. That's what Solomonic magick is all about. The worst in me was my problem. The worst in me was the demon. When it finally dawned on me that I had successfully evoked the demon, and I had the worst of me trapped in that magick Triangle, I had no alternative but to harness and redirect its monstrous power and give it new marching orders. From then on, that particular demon would be working for me rather than against me.
Wisława Szymborska, Poems New and Collected|Four billion people on this earthbut my imagination is still the same.It's bad with large numbers.It's still taken by particularity.It flits in the dark like a flashlight,illuminating only random faceswhile all the rest go by,never coming to mind and never really missed.
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|Why does there appear to be so little magic in the world these days? It is because people have stopped believing in it or lose touch with it as they grow up. It is because we have become so sophisticated and lost our ancient and natural roots. It is because religion, science and education have taught us that magic does not exist. That even supposing it does exist – which to many is far too big an 'if' – then it couldn't possibly work. Their self-fulfilling sophistry complete, they then turn round and say 'There you are you see, there is no magic in the world, just as we said.' And we and the world are all the poorer as a result of this. I mean, what are we left with? Santa, the Easter Bunny, Harry Potter and the Tooth Fairy.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|What follows is the sum and substance of a remarkable year in a great artist’s life—Alexander Wainwright. He was at the pinnacle of his career when his art took a strange turn and I began to fear he had become possessed by some devil. But I was only beginning to understand the power of his passionate and hungry spirit, which nearly devoured him in his search for his new art—and his new life.James Helmsworth, [art dealer for Alexander Wainwright] in The Drawing Lesson. Enter for the giveaway of ten autographed copies of The Drawing Lesson, the first in The Trilogy of Remembrance starting on July 31st until August 31st, 2014.
Greg Egan, Diaspora|Well what would you have us do, Jason? Swan into a hardware store without any cash and say “give us your best rack or we’ll set the adorable button-nosed robots on you for bunny-boiler death by cuddling?" Jared Thomas in Red Gods Sing
Kate McGahan|You think you know what you want and how it's all supposed to turn out. When all is said and done, you get what you need. You know in the end that what you need is what you really wanted all along.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|There are two types of fear:There is a fear of something that is presently before you, be it a monster under your bed or a knife welding maniac pounding his fist through your door. It’s a fear that you recognize as a fear that is approaching you at the very moment. It may not even be something drastic, it could very well be that the fear before you may be a confrontation with an enemy, a fear of heights or even a fear of tuna (trust me, it exists). Regardless, the fear is in your face and it's not going anywhere.The second type of fear is a type of in which you do not see a reaction right away, or in some cases, ever. You make work on something your entire life and fear the outcome, but the outcome may only catch up with you years down the road. This fear seems to come in more forms than we mere mortals can comprehend. It is a fear of success, a fear of failure; a fear of unbelievable strength and power. It can crush you under its masculine hand and suck the life out of you because although it is not standing before you staring you right in the eye, it is mentally tormenting you to the point of self destruction.
Gerald L. Sittser, When God Doesn't Answer Your Prayer|That Crawford Tilinghast should ever have studied science and philosophy was a mistake. These things should be left to the frigid and impersonal investigator for they offer two equally tragic alternatives to the man of feeling and action; despair, if he fail in his quest, and terrors unutterable and unimaginable if he succeed.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|You are wrong about that, you know, Dr. Andersen replied calmly. This, right here—us talking, sitting in this overlit room, a bunch of shrinks watching us through the tinted windows—this is the dream. The peace you felt before, that is reality. It is the I. The only part of existence that does not change, that cannot change, that will not change. You may not be ready to understand this quite yet, but if you continue meditating, you will.
Kristen Reed, The Kings' Council|If a lioness spends her hours pacing back and forth in a cage of gold with the finest meats at her disposal, does that make her any less of a prisoner? If that same feline’s fangs are filed down to blunt, un-tearing teeth and her roar is silenced, can she still be called a lioness?
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|The act of going within, finding our truth, and then sharing it, it helps us far more than we know.
Will Rogers|I get unhappy doing things that I'm not passionate about. Because I feel like I'm squandering this incredible gift I've been given to finance films. As soon as my name alone was enough to make this happen, I vowed to myself that I was going to work with directors who were changing cinema, doing something important, you know?
David Davis, Librarian's Night Before Christmas|You don't seem to understand," I whispered. "It's Christmas relationships that are worrying Carol and me so! It worries us dreadfully! Oh, of course we understand all about the Little Baby Christ! And the camels! And the wise men! And the frankincense! That's easy! But who is Santa Claus? Unless—unless—?" It was Carol himself who signaled me to go on. "Unless—he's the Baby Christ's grandfather?" I thought Derry Willard looked a little bit startled. Carol's ears turned bright red. "Oh, of course—we meant on his mother's side!" I hastened to assure him.
Moby|Writers may be disreputable, incorrigible, early to decay or late to bloom but they dare to go it alone.
Jim Holt, Why Does the World Exist?: An Existential Detective Story|If God were good, why would he create Rush Limbaugh?
Bai Juyi|On the seventh day of the Seventh-month, in the Palace of Long Life,We told each other secretly in the quiet midnight worldThat we wished to fly in heaven, two birds with the wings of one,And to grow together on the earth, two branches of one tree."Earth endures, heaven endures; some time both shall end,While this unending sorrow goes on and on for ever.
Criss Jami, Healology|Quiet people always know more than they seem. Although very normal, their inner world is by default fronted mysterious and therefore assumed weird. Never underestimate the social awareness and sense of reality in a quiet person; they are some of the most observant, absorbent persons of all.
G.S. Jennsen, Relativity|The woman’s gaze sent chills racing down his spine. The diabolical, aberrantly predatory arch of her lips curdled his blood. Seriously, his blood must be curdling back at the lab right now.“Nice illusion. I’m definitely feeling the evil vibe here.”She stood and rounded the desk with perfect grace. “There is no illusion. Explain yourself quickly now, before I grow bored by your presence and dispense with it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Success is not a romantic word, it's an ugly world.
Mortimer J. Adler and Charles Van Doren|One reason why fiction is a human necessity is that it satisfies many unconscious as well as conscious needs. It would be important if it only touched the conscious mind, as expository writing does. But fiction is important, too, because it teaches the unconscious.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|I've always known I was gay, but it wasn't confirmed until I was in kindergarten.It was my teacher who said so. It was right there on my kindergarten report card: PAUL IS DEFINITELY GAY AND HAS VERY GOOD SENSE OF SELF.
Lyrical Treasure|I have loved and lost many a time, but along the way I have found myself.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I’ve been washing stairs my whole life. One day after the other. Since I was five years old. I’ve never complained. Shame on you. I’m embarrassed to have a son like you…can’t even look after his own bicycle. You just wait until your dad comes home. Then you’ll be in trouble, I can tell you that much.”Poul-Erik’s MotherThe Informer
Ivan Baublitz|But in a time of war, knowledge made interesting friendships. Soon, the scholars and the thieves were . . . well, thick as thieves.
Alin Sav|Somebody who is focused on money, doesn´t care about man. Somebody who cares about man, isn´t focused on money.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|What is so sweet as to awake from a troubled dream and behold a beloved face smiling upon you? I love to believe that such shall be our awakening from earth to heaven. My faith never wavers that each dear friend I have “lost” is a new link between this world and the happier land beyond the morn. My soul is for the moment bowed down with grief when I cease to feel the touch of their hands or hear a tender word from them; but the light of faith never fades from the sky, and I take heart again, glad they are free. I cannot understand why anyone should fear death…Suppose there are a million chances against that one that my loved ones who have gone on are alive. What of it? I will take that one chance and risk mistake, rather than let any doubts sadden their souls, and find out afterward. Since there is that one chance of immortality, I will endeavor not to cast a shadow on the joy of the departed…Certainly it is one of our sweetest experiences that when we are touched by some noble affection or pure joy, we remember the dead most tenderly, and feel more powerfully drawn to them.
Carrie Fisher, Shockaholic|Love was something different. Love was pure delight, a fountain of emotions, sensual delights, and enjoying spending time together.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|On either side of a potentially violent conflict, an opportunity exists to exercise compassion and diminish fear based on recognition of each other's humanity. Without such recognition, fear fueled by uninformed assumptions, cultural prejudice, desperation to meet basic human needs, or the panicked uncertainty of the moment explodes into violence.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Radical Sanity: Commonsense Advice for Uncommon Women|Embrace fanaticism. Harness joie de vivre by pursuing insane interests, consuming passions, and constant sources of gratification that do not depend on the approval of others
Lydia  Marshall, Do You Know How Very Much God Loves You?|Christ was treated as we deserve that we may be treated as He deserves. He was condemned for our sins, in which He had no share, that we might be justified by His righteousness, in which we had no share. He suffered the death which was ours, that we might receive the life which was His. 'By His stripes we are healed.
Calum Alexander Logan|But it's the simple and the good that are meant to suffer in this world—ain't it, though!
Marcus Tullius Cicero|It seemed to me that if the lawyers failed to do their duty, they ought to pay people for waiting upon them, instead of making them pay for it.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Understanding Europe|Classical education was only half the old system of European education--below it and above it there was the religious education that was common to the whole people, and the higher theological education that was peculiar to the clergy, who provided the majority of the teachers in both the other departments of education. Now the lowest level of this structure, which has been least studied and least regarded, was the most important of them all. It is true that it differed considerably in different parts of Europe, but for the religious rather than material reasons. In Protestant Europe it was founded on the Bible and the catechism, whereas in Catholic Europe it was based on the liturgy and on religious art and drama and mime, which made the Church the school of the people. But in either case it provided a system of common beliefs and moral standards, as well as the archetypal patterns of world history and sacred story which formed the background of their spiritual world.
Aldous Huxley|If a small thing has the power to make you angry, does that not indicate something about your size?
Mohsen Sheha|Life could have been way easier if we can just use "Please, do not disturb" sign in our social lives!
Jean-François de Saint-Lambert|Philosophy is to the mind of the architect as eyesight to his steps. The Term 'genius' when applied to him simply means a man who understands what others only know about. A poet, artist or architect, necessarily 'understands' in this sense and is likely, if not careful, to have the term 'genius' applied to him; in which case he will no longer be thought human, trustworthy or companionable.  Whatever may be his medium of expression he utters truth with manifest beauty of thought. If he is an architect, his building is natural. In him, philosophy and genius live by each other, but the combination is subject to popular suspicion and appellation 'genius' likely to settle him--so far as the public is concerned.
Gary Johnson|When you're unhappy in your marriage, your children are the ones who suffer.
Daniel Patrick Moynihan|From time to time, the irresponsible acts of the Cuban government remind us that this is far more than about the freedom of one country, but it really is about the stability and security of the region and the national security interests of the United States.
Ryan White|I was always going to church with my mom, dad and sister. I was literally raised under the godly influence both at home and church. There was no alcohol and no smoking at our house. That was the way a Bowden was supposed to live. My dad always told me to represent the Bowden name in a respectful manner.
Maxwell Maltz|My parents are very proud of my success but still worry, as I'm in a profession where there is no guarantee of work. They have always supported my decision to go into acting, but there have been tough times work-wise.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|Ultimately, we are all products of the experiences we have and the decisions we make as children, and it remains a peculiar detail of the human condition that something as precious as a future is entrusted to us when we possess so little foresight. Perhaps that’s what makes hindsight so intriguing. When you’re young the future is a blank canvas, but looking back you are always able to see the big picture.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The say money talks, but I've seen it sing, and even seen it dance.
Susan Browne|Once upon a time in the Land of Sad, / a girl went on a journey. / She was not a princess, except to her mother... / Her father had vanished some tipsy moons ago, / kidnapped by the pirate Captain Smirnoff.
Susan B. Anthony|When a man says to me, 'Let us work together in the great cause you have undertaken, and let me be your companion and aid, for I admire you more than I have ever admired any other woman,' then I shall say, 'I am yours truly'; but he must ask me to be his equal, not his slave.
Alan Thicke|My music is about where I am at the time. In 'Raymond vs. Raymond,' I was going through a lot of things, and it came out in my music. My marriage fell apart, and I was suddenly a single father.
Judy Biggert|Practically every environmental problem we have can be traced to our addiction to fossil fuels, primarily oil.
Louise Bogan, The Blue Estuaries|Come, drunks and drug-takers; come perverts unnerved!Receive the laurel, given, though late, on merit; to whom and wherever deserved.Parochial punks, trimmers, nice people, joiners true-blue,Get the hell out of the way of the laurel. It is deathless And it isn't for you.
Joseph Addison|If it's very painful for you to criticize your friends - you're safe in doing it. But if you take the slightest pleasure in it, that's the time to hold your tongue.
John Mark Green|Do you believe in magic?" she asked. "I believe in you," he said. "And you're the closest thing to magic that I've found.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Ah youth, youth! That's what happens when you go steeping your soul into Shakespeare
Amit Kalantri|For my success I am immensely grateful to God, my parents, my family, my friends, my teachers and to the books I read.
Naftali Bennett|Every person is created in the image of God and has value. Every person. Every person is to be treated with respect. Every person is also a citizen of some country. In their country, they have rights and responsibilities; in every other country, they are a guest.
Santosh Thankachan|And he said unto them, This kind can come forth by nothing, but by Prayer and Fasting." -Mark 9:29 It seems like many times we miss the whole essence of Fasting and Prayer, perhaps because we have started becoming comfortable with "This Kind".
Katie Taylor|Of course Pluto is a planet: It's massive enough to have its shape controlled by gravity rather than material strength, which is the hallmark of planethood.
Italo Calvino, The Baron in the Trees|Her breast was young, the nipples rosy. Cosimo just grazed it with his lips, before Viola slid away over the branches as if she were flying, with him clambering after her, and that skirt of hers always in his face
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The fact of your heart's enfoldment in mine is evidence enough that there is, underneath it all, some hidden order to this world.
Derek Sandhaus, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|Nothing bonds two solitary individuals like a good shared drunk. This is a scientific fact. It’s important, even necessary for the long-term welfare of the planet to get good and shit-faced with your neighbor every now and then.
Jennifer  Ann, Adam's List|But tonight, this is what I can give you. I can offer you the vault of heaven, the firmament of the stars in the sky, and me
Debasish Mridha|A man cannot think himself out of mental evil; for it is actually the organ of thought that has become diseased, ungovernable, and, as it were, independent. He can only be saved by will or faith. The moment his mere reason moves, it moves in the old circular rut; he will go round and round his logical circle.
T.I.|As a DJ, people expect a certain sound and a certain danceability for the music. As a producer, I really like to let go of any rules that may exist.
Ellen G. White|Our acceptance with God is sure only through His beloved Son, and good works are but the result of the working of His sin-pardoning love. They are no credit to us, and we have nothing accorded to us for out good works by which we may claim a part in the salvation of our souls. Salvation is God’s free gift to the believer, given to him for Christ’s sake alone. The troubled soul may find peace through faith in Christ, and his peace will be in proportion to his faith and trust. He cannot present his good works as a plea for the salvation of his soul. 	But are good works of no real value? Is the sinner who commits sin every day with impunity, regarded of God with the same favor as the one who through faith in Christ tries to work in his integrity? The Scripture answers, ‘We are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God has before ordained that we should work in them.’ In His divine arrangement, through His unmerited favor, the Lord has ordained that good works shall be rewarded. We are accepted through Christ’s merit alone, and the acts of mercy, the deeds of charity, which we perform, are the fruits of faith; and they become a blessing to us; for men are to be rewarded according to their works. It is the fragrance of the merit of Christ than makes our good works acceptable to God, and it is grave that enables us to do the works for which He rewards us. Our works in and of themselves have no merit. When we have done all that it is possible for us to do, we are to count ourselves as unprofitable servants. We deserve no thanks from God. We have only done what it was our duty to do, and our works could not have been performed in the strength of our own sinful nature.  	The Lord has bidden us to draw nigh to Him, and He will draw nigh to us; and drawing nigh to Him, we receive the grace by which to do those good works which will be rewarded at His hands.
Rex Tillerson|Smog is affecting larger parts of China, and environmental pollution has become a major problem, which is nature's red-light warning against the model of inefficient and blind development.
Amy Sedaris|Berries have a lot of soluble fiber. That's why they gel up when you're making your Thanksgiving cranberry sauce, with the pectin.
Robert Gately|Imagine a soldier who believes killing another human being is wrong, kills his first human being in war when he has never killed before. Worse still, imagine this same soldier has his enemy in his sites and the enemy appears defenseless. Here, he might be allowed the luxury to have that moment with himself to debate whether he should pull the trigger or not. But on another day he may not have that luxury. Imagine further, a soldier is in this situation because his father was a soldier, and his grandfather was a soldier, and he is trying to please them but, unlike them, he doesn’t believe killing people in war is right, yet there he is on the battlefield anyway where ‘killed or be killed’ leads the list in the army’s operation manual. So, he pulls the trigger anyway even though he’s categorically against killing another human being. And maybe this is the first time he’s compromised on such a high principle and he continues killing other people as long as he’s in the war and each time it becomes easier and easier until his principle, his absolute truth, is a motto not to live by, but one that is just a topic of conversation in a philosophy class or a backyard barbecue. War has changed him. From Messages From a Grandfather, by Robert Gately
Leslie Charteris, The Last Hero|I am an absurd idealist. But I believe that all that must come true. For, unless it comes true, the world will be laid desolate. And I believe that it can come true. I believe that, by the grace of God, men will awake presently and be men again, and colour and laughter and splendid living will return to a grey civilisation. But that will only come true because a few men will believe in it, and fight for it, and fight in its name against everything that sneers and snarls at that ideal.
Rachel Hall|In a second-hand bookshop head to the back, find the old books with dust undisturbed and worn off covers for these clothe true treasures.
James E. Faust|I am always trying to evolve, so I like to read parenting books and things like that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In the game of life;Sometimes we win,Sometimes we loss,Either ways, we should always keep playing.
Mike Gallagher|Many are ready, when listening to the inventor, to belittle and deny his achievements so that he will no longer be heard in honourable places, but after some months or a year, they use the inventor's words in speech or writing or design.
Charles Schwab|Critics? Don't talk to me of critics! You think some jackanapes journalist, his soul eaten away by the maggots of jealousy and failure, has anything worthwhile to say of art? I don't.
Michael Robotham, Lost|You want some advice?""Yes""Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Deepak Chopra|Silence is as deep as eternity, speech a shallow as time.
Ellen Gilchrist|If you wish, I shall go personally to your City and knock together the heads of Perlith and Galooney.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Gold has its uses, but war is won with iron.
Sarah Sundin, A Memory Between Us|Brick walls towered over her. Decrepit staircases crowded about her. Nothing had changed. The line there, the lessons there, the rape there. Shouldn't the place be crimson with blood and black with shame?
Nancy S. Mure, Eat! Empower. Adjust. Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed on Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|If someone says, "You can make it!" down a vertical mountain when you don't ski very well, think about it before launching. This can be a turning point in your life. It sure was in mine when I slammed into the mountain. I wish I'd said, "F'getabout it, sucka," and gone to the Kiddie Corral. Would have saved a lot of pain and surgery.Think about this. What are you really up for? Is the thrill worth the cost?
Ellen DeGeneres|You find that you have peace of mind and can enjoy yourself, get more sleep, and rest when you know that it was a one hundred percent effort that you gave - win or lose.
Vincent van Gogh, Dear Theo|Well, right now it seems that things are going very badly for me, have been doing so for some considerable time, and may continue to do so well into the future. But it is possible that everything will get better after it has all seemed to go wrong. I am not counting on it, it may never happen, but if there should be a change for the better I should regard that as a gain, I should rejoice, I should say, at last! So there was something after all!
Glen Cook|For in the sorrow, there is also our happiness.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|They (the novelists) became the voice of the citizen against the ubiquitous raison d'état, which reappeared endlessly to justify everything from unjust laws and the use of child labour to incompetent generalship and inhuman conditions on warships.The themes they popularized have gradually turned into the laws which, for all their flaws, have improved the state of man.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|Some people just want to be part of the story, even if it’s a story that’s completely fabricated.
Compton Gage|Weigh thou therefore their wickedness now in the balance, and theirs also that dwell the world; and so shall thy name no where be found anymore.
Mother Angelica|Children begin by loving their parents; after a time they judge them; rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Kip Thorne|Everything has a natural explanation. The moon is not a god, but a great rock, and the sun a hot rock.
Évariste Régis Huc, Travels in Tartary, Thibet, and China, 1844-1846|In solitude, struggles occur that no one else knows about. Inner battles are fought here that seldom become fodder for sermons or illustrations for books. God, who probes our deepest thoughts during protracted segments of solitude, opens our eyes to things that need attention. It is here He makes us aware of those things we try to hide from others.
Joseph Kosinski|I went to school for engineering, I studied jazz. So I always had this kind of creative side and technical side, and I thought architecture might be the way to combine them, so I went to architecture school in New York.
Gabriel García Márquez|And only after he said it did he realize that among the countless suicides he could remember, this was the first with cyanide that had not been caused by the sufferings of love. Then something changed in the tone of his voice.“And when you do find one, observe with care,” he said to the intern:“they almost always have crystals in their heart.
Unarine Ramaru|And I'm not sure if it's G-d, or fate, or just air masses colliding over water, but I will say this: It feels, finally, like flying.
Danielle Steel, Friends Forever|Some people are just different, even in the same family.
John Goode|Life is like a song, it will eventually end...so enjoy it!
Edmund Hillary|Whenever you're in a relationship, you have that favorite song that reminds you of when you first got together or when you first kissed, and then every time you hear that song, it reminds you of that person.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|That's a nice song,' said young Sam, and Vimes remembered that he was hearing it for the first time. It's an old soldiers' song,' he said. Really, sarge? But it's about angels.' Yes, thought Vimes, and it's amazing what bits those angels cause to rise up as the song progresses. It's a real soldiers' song: sentimental, with dirty bits. As I recall, they used to sing it after battles,’ he said. 'I've seen old men cry when they sing it,’ he added. Why? It sounds cheerful.' They were remembering who they were not singing it with, thought Vimes. You'll learn. I know you will.
William Faulkner, As I Lay Dying|I reckon it does take a powerful trust in the Lord to guard a fellow, though sometimes I think that Cora’s a mite over-cautious, like she was trying to crowd the other folks away and get in closer than anybody else.
Jenny Diski|Unless commitment is made, there are only promises and hopes; but no plans.
Dylan Thomas|One look at an email can rob you of 15 minutes of focus. One call on your cell phone, one tweet, one instant message can destroy your schedule, forcing you to move meetings, or blow off really important things, like love, and friendship.
Sarvesh Jain, Naked Wisdom of the child|Everyone you meet is hurt, broken and fighting a hard battle. Please don’t be an ass.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|Joseph went from prison to prime minister from trials to triumph, from scar-weary to stardom
Sally Bedell Smith, Elizabeth the Queen: The Life of a Modern Monarch|Attitude is 100% under your control – (yours to choose, use or lose, as they say)Happiness, fulfillment and satisfaction in a life ALWAYS and ONLY come as a consequence of some other activity. That is you don’t just create ‘happy’ or ‘satisfied’ – you have to be doing something with your life that as a byproduct creates these states.That’s it.Told you it was simple.Alright, I admit, writing about how to create a ‘successful life’ is easy – because to create something out of your life is 99.9% Mental Focus and 50% ( as Yogi Berra would say and .01% for those of you who are paying attention) -knowing how to get the result and doing it.Writing about it is easy; it’s the doing that’s hard.
Epicurus|He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing .
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|We are all tied to the burdens of this existence, and it seems as if everyday renewal is occurring in our lives and those around us.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|Because God is full of life, I imagine each morning Almighty God says to the sun, "Do it again"; and every evening to the moon and the stars, "Do it again"; and every springtime to the daisies, "Do it again"; and every time a child is born into the world asking for curtain call, that the heart of the God might once more ring out in the heart of the babe.
Ann Patchett, This is the Story of a Happy Marriage|A novelist's job is almost to be a stupid as possible, except in the cunning moment when you need to structure something, when you need to be very intelligent indeed. The rest of the time, you need almost an empty mind, where you can let any image in, follow it along, and allow an emotional charge, almost the way actors and singers can work. The more instinct you have as a novelist, and the less intelligence, the better.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|I once had a dream; human was a chosen beast, domesticated by God to manage the planet earth.
Jamaica Kincaid|A mother's hardest to forgive.Life is the fruit she longs to hand youRipe on a plate. And while you live,Relentlessly she understands you.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|The higher the vibration, the more positive the events or people you attract and likewise.
Joe R. Lansdale, Rumble Tumble|The mad have a grace all their own".
Madeleine K. Albright, Prague Winter: A Personal Story of Remembrance and War, 1937-1948|Men in western governments who were themselves are often modern men, did not understand that freedom without chaos is not a magic formula which can be implanted anywhere. Rather, being modern men, it was their view that, because human race had evolved to a certain level by some such year as 1950, democracy could be planted anywhere from the outside. They had carefully closed their eyes to the fact that freedom without chaos had come forth from a Christian base. They did not understand that freedom without chaos could not be separated from its roots. (…) Many countries where democracy has been imposed from the outside or from top downward, authoritarianism has increasingly become the rule of the day
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|I was watching a collection of vintage '80s cereal commercials when I paused to wonder why cereal manufacturers no longer included toy prizes inside every box. It was a tragedy, in my opinion. Another sign that civilization was going straight down the tubes.
Michael Singer, The Untethered Soul: The Journey Beyond Yourself|The truth is that most of life will unfold in accordance with forces far outside your control, regardless of what your mind says about it.
Fakeer Ishavardas|The power to change comes from within and they have to want to change. Instead, be a role model and encourage by example.
Mihailo Petrovic, Putopisi|If a guy likes you, he will not just fight for you. He will also fight the rest of the guys who were hoping to take his place.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|There should be a statute of limitation on grief. A rulebook that says it is all right to wake up crying, but only for a month. That after 42 days you will no longer turn with your heart racing, certain you have heard her call out your name. That there will be no fine imposed if you feel the need to clean out her desk; take down her artwork from the refrigerator; turn over a school portrait as you pass - if only because it cuts you fresh again to see it. That it's okay to measure the time she has been gone, the way we once measured her birthdays.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|What I'm sure of," he began, "is that you can't be happy without money. That's all. I don't like superficiality and I don't like romanticism. I like to be conscious. And what I've noticed is that there's a kind of spiritual snobbism in certain 'superior beings' who think that money isn't necessary for happiness. Which is stupid, which is false, and to a certain degree cowardly. You see, Mersault, for a man who is well born, being happy is never complicated. It's enough to take up the general fate, only not with the will for renunciation like so many fake great men, but with the will for happiness. Only it takes time to be happy. A lot of time. Happiness, too, is a long patience. And in almost every case, we use up our lives making money, when we should be using our money to gain time. That's the only problem that's ever interested me. Very specific. Very clear."(...)"Oh, I know perfectly well that most rich men have no sense of happiness. But that's not the question. To have money is to have time. That's my main point. Time can be bought. Everything can be bought. To be or to become rich is to have time to be happy, if you deserve it.
Pedro Almodovar|I like boxing movies. One of the hardest things for me to watch as far as boxing films, is the boxing. The actual boxing usually sucks.
Helen Oyeyemi|It's not about having a plethora of suits, but having a few good ones. It's all about fit. The contour of your body. If your shoulders are broad, you shouldn't have shoulder pads. If you're not a big man, you shouldn't have extra space. I think it's definitely worth having it properly fitted.
A.F. Stewart, Mechanized Masterpieces: a Steampunk Anthology|...hence the very best science fiction ultimately winds up being a collaboration between author and reader, in which both create - and enjoy it; joy is the essential and final ingredient of science fiction, the joy of discovery of newness
Ao Jyumonji, Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash: Volume 1|I'm sorry," Leon said. "I can see you loved your two friends and you miss them, and maybe they're flying around somewhere in the sky, zipping here and there and being spirits and happy. But you and I and three billion other people are not, and until it changes here it won't be enough, Phil; not enough. Despite the supreme heavenly father. He has to do something for us here, and that's the truth. If you believe in the truth--well, Phil, that's the truth. The harsh, unpleasant truth.
Meryl Yvonne, Closer to Death, Closer to God: True Stories of a Spiritual Awakening|Those in true spiritual authority have neither the desire nor the need to control anyone, either directly or subversively.
Julie-Anne|Because I have forgiven my past, and God has forgiven my past, no person on earth can make me denounce my past. It's what made me who I am today.
George Bernard Shaw|Keeping up the appearance of having all your marbles is hard work, but important.
Anthony Liccione|There are skeletons in everyone's closet, things no one ever wants the world to discover.
Jenna Alatari|When I stood there, looking out the window at the raindrops and thinking of everything I lost, I forgot everything I have. When I remembered the things I have, I forgot I lost anything at all.
باولو كويلو, Eleven Minutes|수면제판매,정품수면제,미프진카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to카톡: EEE388 bbh.ow.to
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|If you are not happy with the work you do, change it
Joseph Campbell|Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success.
Charles Bukowski|She's mad, but she's magic. There's no lie in her fire.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Skill, education, money aren't the difference makers, passion is. If you've passion to achieve something, there's nothing that can stop you.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Centuries of social conditioning has created a generational fear among women of being perceived as masculine.This is where all the shaming and labels come into play, which perpetuate the oppression of girls and women. As a society we shame girls with deep voices or masculine features and we shame boys with soft voices or effeminate gestures. Girls get called "too manly" and boys get called "too girly". The only solution I can think of is to be unashamedly "you". If that means challenging stereotypes and gender norms, go right ahead!
Neil Peart, The Masked Rider: Cycling in West Africa|We live in a culture of reductionism. Or better, we are living in the aftermath of a culture of reductionism, and I believe we have reduced the complexity and diversity of the Scriptures to systematic theologies that insist on ideological conformity, even when such conformity flattens the diversity of the Scriptural witness. We have reduced our conception of gospel to four simple steps that short-circuit biblical narratives and notions of the kingdom of God on earth as it is in heaven in favor of a simplified means of entrance to heaven. Our preaching is often wed to our materialistic, consumerist cultural assumptions, and sermons are subsequently reduced to delivering messages that reinforce the worst of what American culture produces: self-centered end users who believe that God is a resource that helps an individual secure what amounts to an anemic and culturally bound understanding of the 'abundant life.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|And that was when I saw what Cassidy had done to herself: the gold and red ribbing on her sweater-vest, the matching stripes on her tie, the gray uniform skirt, and the navy blazer draped over her arm..."Is that a Gryffindor tie?" I asked."And an official Harry Potter Merchandise sweater-vest," she confirmed smugly.
Stewart O'Nan, Emily, Alone|Often, as she leafed through the sticky, plastic-coated pages, spotting herself with a frizzy perm or wearing a loud, printed blouse, she was struck by how long life was, and how much time had passed, and she wished she could go back and apologize to those closest to her, explain that she understood now. Impossible, and yet the urge to return and be a different person never lessened, grew only more acute.
Alanis Morissette|I did send a girl a plane ticket asking her for a visit, I guess that's quite romantic.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I give and accept waves of welcome. I attract wonderful, life-minded friends who enrich my life.
John Rampton|Not for nothing is their motto TGIF - 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
dandelionlady96|Thanks for holding my hand" she said, smiling while wiping away the tears off her face. If only she’d let me hold more than her hand, If only she’d let me hold her heart too.
Linda Morris, By Hook or By Crook|She had left her legs bare, and if he wasn’t mistaken, they had a slight sheen. He realized she’d caught him staring when she cleared her throat.“Are your legs...sparkly?” he managed to ask, feeling the need to explain since he’d been caught leering.“My body lotion has a little bit of glitter in it,” she said with a trace of diffidence.She seemed apologetic. For what, he had no idea.
Jane Smiley, A Thousand Acres|I was depressed, but that was a side issue. This was more like closing up shop, or, say, having a big garage sale, where you look at everything you've bought in your life, and you remember how much it meant to you, and now you just tag it for a quarter and watch 'em carry it off, and you don't care. That's more like how it was.
John B. Tabb|Make me, dear Lord, polite and kind, To everyone, I pray.And may I ask you how you find Yourself, dear Lord, today?
Sunday Adelaja|What is familiar is what we are used to; and what we are used to is most difficult to 'Know' - that is, to see as a problem; that is, to see as strange, as distant, as 'outside us'.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|One world is aware and by far the largest to me, and that is myself, / And whether I come to my own to-day or in ten thousand or ten / million years, / I can cheerfully take it now, or with equal cheerfulness I can wait.
Carlos Heleno, A Comprehensive Guide to Getting Hired Teaching: Achieve Your Ideal Teaching Position|For me, education—both teaching and learning—is about building relationships and developing rapport with students, with parents, and with faculty.
Marc Aronson|We put our children through their paces in school not so that they will learn something, or master something, or meet any standards. No. We give them tools so that they can experience the joy, the passion, of creating. All we are doing is saying, “Here, if you know this, there is more you can make; there is another path you can map; there is another song you can compose.” School—from pre-K to postdoc programs—exists so that we can all build more from within ourselves and with our colleagues.
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|His lines had been honed over centuries, passed down through generations, for poor people needed certain lines; the script was always the same, and they had no option but to beg for mercy.
Jeannine Garsee, The Unquiet|Except then I wonder what it's like to feel normal because if you take away the things I've felt all my life--the insecurity, the pain, the loneliness, the absolute dissolution of any sane or rational thought during one of my more manic moods and the helplessness when I realize one of said manic moods is creeping up on me (like right now)--what's left after the fact? Emptiness?
J.M.W. Turner|My business is to paint what I see, not what I know is there.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|(...) there are these fading, ageing girls who constantly let themselves go over the edge without resisting, strong girls, still unused in their innermost selves, who have never been loved. Perhaps, Lord, you mean me to leave everything and go love them. Otherwise why is it so difficult for me not to follow them when they pass me in the street? Why do I suddenly invent the sweetest, most nocturnal words, and why does my voice settle sweetly inside me between my throat and heart? Why do I imagine how I, with unutterable caution, would hold them to my breath, these dolls that life has been playing with, flinging their arms apart springtime after springtime for nothing, and again for nothing, until they became slack in the shoulders. They've never fallen from a very high hope, so they're not broken; but they're badly chipped already and too far gone. Only stray cats come to them in the evening in their rooms and keep giving them furtive scratches and then sleep on top of them. Sometimes I follow one of them down a couple of streets. They walk past the houses, people are continually coming along who blot them out, they go on fading until they are nothing.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|All hope abandon, ye who enter here.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|Born from sea foam; high up to the tops of the waves, on the trail of love.
Gordon Neufeld|Personally, I think fidelity is important. I don't see any point in being together if you're not being honest, having fun together, and respecting one another. Why would you stay in a relationship otherwise?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be slow to teach, and quick to learn. Avoid impious people, run from fools, and seek out the wise.
Emmy Rossum|If one seeks to analyze experiences and reactions to the first postwar years, I hope one may say without being accused of bias that it is easier for the victor than for the vanquished to advocate peace.
T. Geronimo Johnson, Welcome to Braggsville|She sat, rediscovering the fullness of her first tongue in one long submersion. Again and again she would pause on a word Melio uttered. She would roll it around in her mind, feeling the contours of it. At times her mouth gaped open, her lips moving as if she were drinking in his words instead of breathing.
Kathleen Dean Moore, Wild Comfort: The Solace of Nature|The earth offers gift after gift—life and the living of it, light and the return of it, the growing things, the roaring things, fire and nightmares, falling water and the wisdom of friends, forgiveness. My god, the forgiveness, time, and the scouring tides. How does one accept gifts as great as these and hold them in the mind?Failing to notice a gift dishonors it, and deflects the love of the giver. That's what's wrong with living a careless life, storing up sorrow, waking up regretful, walking unaware. But to turn the gift in your hand, to say, this is wonderful and beautiful, this is a great gift—this honors the gift and the giver of it. Maybe this is what [my friend] Hank has been trying to make me understand: Notice the gift. Be astonished at it. Be glad for it, care about it. Keep it in mind. This is the greatest gift a person can give in return. 'This is your work,' my friend told me, 'which is a work of substance and prayer and mad attentiveness, which is the real deal, which is why we are here.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts|It’s an act of our will to choose to see people simply as wildly loved by God, to assume their beauty before guessing their depravity.
John Donne|Always know that at the end of any break up; there’s plenty of fish in the sea, Just go to the edge and catch another one; or dive in to swim with the beautiful one, and tie it to yourself forever.
Mark A. Weitz|Just because someone’s a pain in the ass in life, doesn’t mean when they’re dead, we shouldn’t be respectful.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|There had been periods in his twenties when he would look at his friends and feel such a pure, deep contentment that he would wish the world around them would simply cease, that none of them would have to move from that moment, when everything was in equilibrium and his affection for them was perfect. But, of course, that was never to be: a beat later, and everything shifted, and the moment quietly vanished.
Melanie Benjamin, The Aviator's Wife|Would my son love me, when he was old enough to know what love meant?p 181
Michael  Callahan, Searching for Grace Kelly|Daniel's desk by the window is piled high with his drawings. The artwork is everything. He thinks of himself as the act of drawing. His body of work is his life, it is his continuity. The drawings show outwardly that inner place where he is still alive, a thread to connect him with the world.
Roy Scheider|You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Wieża Jaskółki|Treaties are like marriage: they aren't entered in to with the thought of betrayal, and once they're concluded one shouldn't be suspicious. And if that doesn't suit somebody, they shouldn't get married. Because you can't become a cuckold without being a husband, but you'll admit that fear of wearing the horns is a pitiful and quite ridiculous justification for enforced celibacy.
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|I like to start slowly, and then ease up as the day progresses.
Henry James, The Beast in the Jungle|They had from an early hour made up their mind that society was, luckily, unintelligent, and the margin allowed them by this had fairly become one of their commonplaces.
John Keats|No one can usurp the heights...But those to whom the miseries of the worldAre misery, and will not let them rest.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, Cautionary Tales: Voices from the Edges|To Eden with me you will not leaveTo live in a cottage of crazy, crooked eaves.In your own happy home you take care these nights; When you let your little cat in, please turn on the lights! Something scurries behind and finds a cozy place to stare, Something sent to you from paradise, with serpents to spare: Tongues flowering; they leap out laughing, lapping. Dissapear
Neil Gaiman|Whatever it is you're scared of doing, Do it.
Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal|Because blood is blood, and every family has its own force.Its own flavor.Its own charm and strange.
Marco Rubio|Because my dad abused me, I was determined to never let a man tell me what to do. God clearly showed me that I needed to be a submissive wife if I wanted to be effective in ministry. The truth is, if we don't learn to submit to authority, we won't ever learn to submit to God.
Deyth Banger|I cherish genuine conversation, where people actually care what someone else has to say.
David  Arnold, Kids of Appetite|Music was more than subjective; it was erratic. It was the ship on the horizon that one sailor saw, the other sailor didn’t.
Kjell Magne Bondevik|If you come out of the gate with a finger pointed, then you really aren't opening the door to any sort of resolution to whatever the problem may be. Whether it's about race or sexual orientation or religion, if you can't empathize with the opposing party, then you can't really meet in the middle.
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|When someone is being particularly mean and nasty, I simply think to myself, he or she used to be a cute little baby, I wonder what happened?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|A man worth his salt will treat a lady like a lady and make the effort to be a gentleman. While independent women are fully capable of being self-reliant, the majority whom I know appreciate being treated with respect, consideration, and chivalry. For the women who yearn for the old-fashioned, good-hearted, chivalrous guy, I promise, they do exist.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As the day you get married is as important as the years of courtship, so the journey to success is as important as success itself.
Nandhiji, Mastery of Consciousness: Awaken the Inner Prophet: Liberate Yourself with Yogic Wisdom.|My dad finished chewing something and then put his fork down and looked at me. 'The longer I do my job,' he said. 'the more I realize that humans lack good mirrors. It's so hard for anyone to show us how we look, and so hard for us to show anyone how we feel.''That is really lovely,' my mom said. I liked that they liked each other. 'But isn't it also that on some fundamental level we find it difficult to understand that other people are human beings in the same way that we are? We idealize them as gods or dismiss them as animals.''True. Consciousness makes for poor windows, too. I don't think I'd ever thought about it quite that way.
Kate McGahan|I don't need anyone, I said.Then you cameI need I need! I NEED YOU. I needed you.What did you teach me?Not to need you.NOT TO NEED.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|I don't believe in the Constitution because I'm American, I'm American because I believe in the Constitution.
Cesar Milstein|I can't afford to be indifferent to politics, but I don't have personal ambitions.
Alan Jacobs "Socrates Without Tears"|The case of the general talk of "progress" is, indeed, an extreme one. As enunciated today, "progress" is simply a comparative of which we have not settled the superlative. We meet every ideal of religion, patriotism, beauty, or brute pleasure with the alternative ideal of progress—that is to say, we meet every proposal of getting something that we know about, with an alternative proposal of getting a great deal more of nobody knows what.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|But it’s tempting to be Cool Girl. For someone like me, who likes to win, it’s tempting to want to be the girl every guy wants. When I met Nick, I knew immediately that was what he wanted, and for him, I guess I was willing to try. I will accept my portion of blame. The thing is, I was crazy about him at first. I found him perversely exotic, a good ole Missouri boy. He was so damn nice to be around. He teased things out in me that I didn’t know existed: a lightness, a humor, an ease. It was as if he hollowed me out and filled me with feathers. He helped me be Cool Girl – I couldn’t have been Cool Girl with anyone else. I wouldn’t have wanted to. I can’t say I didn’t enjoy some of it: I ate a MoonPie, I walked barefoot, I stopped worrying. I watched dumb movies and ate chemically laced foods. I didn’t think past the first step of anything, that was the key. I drank a Coke and didn’t worry about how to recycle the can or about the acid puddling in my belly, acid so powerful it could strip clean a penny. We went to a dumb movie and I didn’t worry about the offensive sexism or the lack of minorities in meaningful roles. I didn’t even worry whether the movie made sense. I didn’t worry about anything that came next. Nothing had consequence, I was living in the moment, and I could feel myself getting shallower and dumber. But also happy.
Cecelia Ahern|Instead, I read books in the library, huddling on a bean bag in a corner and getting lost in somebody else's victories and troubles. I never had much time for fiction before. I preferred real life. Mathematics. Solutions. Things that actually have a bearing on my life. But I can understand now why people read, why they like to get lost in somebody else's life. Sometimes I'll read a sentence and it will make me sit up, jolt me, because it is something that I have recently felt but never said out loud. I want to reach into the page and tell the characters that I understand them, that they are not alone, that I'm not alone, that it's okay to feel like this. And then the lunch bell rings the book closes and I'm plunged back into reality.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|I don't know, Benes. I'm not sure I've ever really understood women for that kind of commitment.' He flipped his beer mat up int the air with his index finger and caught it in his hand.
Andrea Goeglein|The closer journalists came to great issues, the more vulnerable they felt.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Because, no matter how old we get, we always need to believe in fairytales.
Francesca Annis|Do not just look at your boyfriend as just a boyfriend. Look at him as a friend, too.
Leo Tolstoy|The death of a beautiful woman, is unquestionably the most poetical topic in the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Does love survive? Yes, I thought, somewhere in some place it is saved and made sacred.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|Why?” I asked him tiredly. “What would it have changed? What could you possibly have said that would have made a difference?”“That I was your brother, Harry,” he said. “That I loved you. That I knew a few things about denying the dark parts of your nature. And that we would get through it.” He put his elblows on his knees and rested his forehead on his hands. “That we’d figure it out. That you weren’t alone.” Stab.Twist.He was right. It was just that simple.
Melvyn Bragg|I'd done a bachelor's degree, which I'd enjoyed, but I didn't know what to do with my life at the time. I was conflicted, and, being a hopeless romantic, I followed my girlfriend at the time to Vanderbilt, where, obviously, we broke up a couple of months later.
John Vasconcellos|From those to whom privilege and opportunity are given, we have the right to expect much.
Shannon Tanner, Worthy: The POWER of Wholeness|If it took your authentic voice to get you there, it will take your authentic voice to keep you there. Your job is to keep listening.
Kim Chestney|The soul itself is the center of all that we have come to call 'psychic.' The word itself translates literally to mean "of the soul." When we embrace our psychic potential, we embrace our soul's potential.
Deyth Banger|It doesn't matter when, how old am I and how. When the first robot is build and it can be like a human which will mean can think, and communicate I will go and buy it. Because this will be the best friend ever will have and ever had!
Jane Smiley|The rapid nightfall of mid-December had quite beset the little village as they approached it on soft feet over a first thin fall of powdery snow. Little was visible but squares of a dusky orange-red on either side of the street, where the firelight or lamplight of each cottage overflowed through the casements into the dark world without. Most of the low latticed windows were innocent of blinds, and to the lookers-in from outside, the inmates, gathered round the tea-table, absorbed in handiwork, or talking with laughter and gesture, had each that happy grace which is the last thing the skilled actor shall capture--the natural grace which goes with perfect unconsciousness of observation. Moving at will from one theatre to another, the two spectators, so far from home themselves, had something of wistfulnessin their eyes as they watched a cat being stroked, a sleepy child picked up and huddled off to bed, or a tired man stretch and knock out his pipe on the end of a smouldering log.
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|People act in ways to maximize their self-interest within a company, so create incentives that align employee's objectives with the organization's mission statement. Reward compliance with core values as much as profitability, especially in the face of competitive pressures.
Reid Hoffman|Unlike national legal systems, there are precious few avenues to address judicial activism at the WTO. You pretty much have to gain consensus to change the agreements, or simply withdraw from the system. The first is nearly impossible, and the second would be - in the view of many - cataclysmic.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Authentic leadership is leading adaptively from your core, choosing who you’re most inspired to be to serve the greatest good in this moment.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|I thought about the guy in the truck, the focus in his expression, and I felt like I already knew enough of the story to tell it to somebody else maybe better than either of its major players could.
William Peter Blatty, The Exorcist|As far as God goes, I _am_ a nonbeliever. Still am. But when it comes to a devil---well, that's something else.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated: The Life Of A Boy Who Never Knew A Mother's Love|In life I will fall, I will backslide, but mark my word I will never give up.
C.Michelle Gonzalez|Divine Love is the key to all of existence. Without it, nothing can survive. Every one of us is only seeking one thing. Though it is called by many names (God, Alpha and Omega, Allah, etc..) it's  ultimate name is Divine Love.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|It's very simple. As you grow, you learn more. If you stayed twenty-two, you'd always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It's growth. It's more than the negative that you're going to die, it's also the positive that you understand you're going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|Never feel sorry for me, just teach me and watch me grow.
Abhijit Naskar|One way or another, all humans are superstitious.
Chip Kidd, The Learners|In fact, Lig never formally resigned his editorship—he merely left his office late one morning, and has never returned since. Though well over a century has now passed, many members of the Guide staff still retain the romantic notion that he has simply popped out for a sandwich and will yet return to put in a solid afternoon's work. Strictly speaking, all editors since Lig Lury Jr., have therefore been designated acting editors, and Lig's desk is still preserved the way he left it, with the addition of a small sign that says LIG LURY, JR., EDITOR, MISSING, PRESUMED FED.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|My usual instruction to students when they are preparing to write their examinations is "think before you answer the questions". I am convinced that some multiple choice answers could be so close that you might not know the very one that answers the question correctly! Such is life. To choose your suitable dreams, you must think well!
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|The day after two feet of snow paralyzed the eastern part of the United States, the sun shone brightly from clear blue skies and it was as if nothing had ever happened – except for the deep snow that still covered the ground.Peggy Toney Horton wrote:“This beautiful sunny afternoon reminds me of a child who misbehaved and then looked at his mother with wide eyes and declared, ‘I didn't do it!
Alfred A. Montapert|Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|...May I have this damaged bunch for two cents? Speak strongly and it shall be yours for two cents. That is a saved penny that you put in the star bank...Suffer the cold for an hour. Put a shawl around you. Sai, I am cold because I am saving to buy land. That hour will save you three cents' worth of coal... When you are alone at night, do not light the lamp. Sit in the darkness and dream awhile. Reckon out how much oil you saved and put its value in pennies in the bank. The money will grow. Someday there will be fifty dollars and somewhere on this long island is a piece of land that you may buy for that money.
George MacDonald, The Fisherman's Lady|At its most basic, the logic of 'meritocracy' is ironclad: putting the most qualified, best equipped people into the positions of greates responsibility and import...But my central contention is that our near-religious fidelity to the meritocratic model comes with huge costs. We overestimate the advantages of meritocracy and underappreciate its costs, because we don't think hard enough about the consequences of the inequality it produces. As Americans, we take it as a given that unequal levels of achievement are natural, even desirable. Sociologist Jermole Karabel, whose work looks at elite formation, once said he 'didnt think any advanced democracy is as obsessed with equality of opportunity or as relatively unconcerned with equality of condition' as the United States. This is our central problem. And my proposed solution for correcting the excesses of our extreme version of meritocracy is quite simple: make America more equal
Criss Jami|Store up knowledge. Then question your own knowledge in order to expand your mind, both to build and to create more space. Then store up more knowledge. And so on. That is wisdom.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Return of the Prodigal Son: A Story of Homecoming|When I lose control, I lose my cool and I pass the point of no RTN.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Dartmouth College employs computer learning techniques in a very broad array of courses. For example, a student can gain a deep insight into the statistics of Mendelian genetics in an hour with the computer rather than spend a year crossing fruit fliesin the laboratory.
Milan Kundera|He was looking for immensity. His life was hopelessly small, everything surrounding him was nondescript and gray. And death is absolute; it is indivisible and indissoluble. The presence of the girl was pathetic (a few caresses and a lot of meaningless words), but her absolute absence was infinitely grand; when he imagined a girl buried in a field, he suddenly discovered the nobility of pain and the grandeur of love. But it was not only the absolute but also bliss he was looking for in his dreams of death.
Gordon B. Hinckley|You've baked a really lovely cake, but then you've used dog shit for frosting.
J.R. Ward, Lover Revealed|Well, wasn't this a night for firsts. Sex. Arson. Pants.
Ayi Kwei Armah|Unless, of course, one chose to join the increasing numbers who had decided they were so deep in despair that there was nothing worse to fear in life. These were men who had finally, and so early, so surprisingly early seen enough of something in their own ives and in the lives around them to convince them of the final futility of efforts of efforts to break the mean monthly cycle of debt and borrowing, borrowing and debt.
Munia Khan|If I die today, will you remember me tomorrow?The love I'm leaving behind, will you care to borrow? From a snake-shed-skin or from the sky unknownIn all living and the dead I'll dwell to groan
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|You will find it a stronghold in the day of trial to plead your adoption. You have no rights as a subject, you have forfeited them by your treason; but nothing can forfeit a child's right to a father's protection.
Benjamin Bayani, The Nation|There are three kinds of fighters: the aggressive fighter who charges in blindly trying to get the upper hand, the defensive fighter who blocks and evades until his opponent is tired, and then the most dangerous type of fighter, the one who waits for his opponent to make a mistake.
Faith Erin Hicks, The Nameless City|I have broken where I should have bent; and have mused and brooded, when my spirit should have mixed with all God's great creation. The men who learn endurance, are they who call the whole world, brother. I have turned from the world, and I pay the penalty.
L.H. Cosway, The Hooker and the Hermit|This is Bourbon Street, isn’t it? Where’s the freakin’ bourbon?
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|I hold it that a little rebellion now and then is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical. Unsuccesful rebellions indeed generally establish the incroachments on the rights of the people which have produced them. An observation of this truth should render honest republican governors so mild in their punishment of rebellions, as not to discourage them too much. It is a medecine necessary for the sound health of government.
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|...I have decided that I shan't sweat the small stuff. Sense and sensibility will, I assume, come in their own time. If indeed they ought to come. And in the meantime, I shall continue to work my ass off... and whenever the opportunity arises... dance my ass off. ... As someone very smart once wrote, 'Those who were seen dancing were thought to be quite insane by those who could not hear the music'.
Rabindranath Tagore|Madness is the absolute break with the work of art; it forms the constitutive moment of abolition, which dissolves in time the truth of the work of art.
George Washington|The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out for himself, without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane and intolerable, and so, if he is romantic, he tries to change it. And even if he is not romantic personally he is very apt to spread discontent among those who are.
Jeffrey Tucker|It's WW2 and there are wage controls in place. Instead of health care, companies decide to offer employees shoes. Having absorbed those costs, they later lobby for every company to be required to offer shoes. That calls forth regulation and monopolization of the shoe industry. Shoes are heavily subsidized. Every shoe must be approved. Producers must be domestic. They must adhere to a certain quality. They can't discriminate based on foot size or individual need. Prices rise, and some people lack shoes, so the Affordable Shoe Act forces everyone to buy into an official shoe plan or pay a fee. Here we have a perfect plan for making shoes egregiously expensive. The entire country would be consumed with the fear of being shoeless if they lose their job. The left wing calls for a single shoe provider to offer universal shoes and the right wing meekly suggests that shoe makers be permitted to sell across state lines.Meanwhile, libertarians suggest that we just forget the whole thing and let the market make and deliver shoes of every quality to anyone from anyone. Everyone screams that this is an insane and dangerous idea.
Matthew Fort, Sweet Honey, Bitter Lemons|You know how sometimes when you're drifting off to sleep you feel that jolt, like you were falling and caught yourself at the last second? It's nothing to be concerned about, it's usually just the parasite adjusting its grip.
Palle Oswald|The bad news is, our past defines us. However, the good news is, our future will someday be a part of that past.
Robert Bresson|Make visible what, without you, might perhaps never have been seen.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|It is a costly thing, looking on the true face of Love.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|Those who cannot dance, should not dance.
Susan C. Young|A life lived well, or poorly, uses our resources to such an extent that it can weaken many areas which were once strong. Simply from wear and tear, we may tire and need to be re-fortified. Seek ways to re-strengthen so that you may perform at higher levels and increase your endurance to enjoy a life you love.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|Suddenly, I’m lighter, only half of who I was.
William Paul Young, The Shack|It (trying to keep the law) grants you the power to judge others and feel superior to them. You believe you are living to a higher standard than those you judge. Enforcing rules, especially in its more subtle expressions like responsibility and expectation, is a vain attempt to create certainly out of uncertainty. And contrary to what you might think, I have a great fondness for uncertainty. Rules cannot bring freedom; they only have the power to accuse. 
Robert Schimmel, Cancer on Five Dollars a Day* (*chemo not included): How Humor Got Me Through the Toughest Journey of My Life|Because when you’re laughing, there is no other emotion in that moment except for joy.
Rudolph Herzog, Dead Funny: Humor in Hitler's Germany|. Despite the considerable horror they had felt when the SA men were bellowing crude anti-Semitic slogans, in retrospect the joke-tellers were very much aware of the boycott’s inherent absurdity:A city on the Rhine during the boycott: SA men stand in front of Jewish businesses and “warn” passers-by against entering them. Nonetheless, a woman tries to go into a knitting shop.An SA man stops her and says, “Hey, you. Stay outside. That’s a Jewish shop!”“So?” replies the woman. “I’m Jewish myself.”The SA man pushes her back. “Anyone can say that!
Aditya Ajmera|Life is a dream. It moves from cause to cause, effect to effect, one point to another, one state of existence to another.
Kendra Wilkinson|Being an old farm boy myself, chickens coming home to roost never did make me sad; they've always made me glad.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Seals:The Five Cosmic Seals are five occult Level 333, 666, 999, 1330 and 003 operating 400,000 minuet mystical degrees.
Ian McEwan, Saturday|This process of professionalising the obvious fosters a sense of mystery around science, and health advice, which is unnecessary and destructive. More than anything, more than the unnecessary ownership of the obvious, it is disempowering.
Gordon S. Wood, Empire of Liberty: A History of the Early Republic, 1789-1815|The Impression that Pakistan being an Islamic State is thereby a Theocratic State is being sedulously fostered in certain quarters with the sole object of discrediting her in the eyes of the world. To anyone conversant with the basic principles of Islam, it should be obvious that in the fields of civics, Islam has always stood on complete social democracy and social justice, as the history of the early Caliphs will show, and has not sanctioned government by a sacerdotal class deriving its authority from God. The ruler and the ruled alike are #equal before Islamic Law, and the ruler, far from being a vicegerent of God on earth, is but a representative of people who have chosen him to serve them...Islam has not recognized any distinction between man and man based on sex, race or worldly possessions..." ---Fazul Rahman, First Education Minister of Pakistan, All Pakistan Educational Conference, Karachi, Nov 1947
Ignatius of Antioch|Ask those who love Him with a sincere love, and they will tell you that they find no greater or prompter relief amid the troubles of their life than in loving conversation with their Divine Friend.
John Hope Franklin|We must go beyond textbooks, go out into the bypaths and untrodden depths of the wilderness and travel and explore and tell the world the glories of our journey;
Mrs. Camille S. Senter|O God, thank you for the miracle of new beginning life. Bless the mothers, and let them know that you are ever with them throughout their pregnancies, labors, and deliveries. Bless those eagerly awaiting their opportunities to love and nurture. Especially bless baby, N. Keep these, your tiniest souls, safe in their mothers' wombs, and under your heart until they are old enough, big enough, strong enough, mature enough, and healthy enough to be born into this world to be shining examples of your love and grace. It is in the name of your dear child, Jesus Christ our Lord, that we pray. Amen.
C.R. Lord, From the Heart of a Servant: Poetry Created to Glorify God|Christianity and Socialism Compared"Socialism is the antithesis of Christianity. Socialism is filled with elitists and Christianity is the faith of servants.Socialism is filled with submission to man. Christianity is submission to the God/man - Jesus Christ.The socialist lives under strong delusion. Christians are taught by the Holy Spirit who deals only in truth.Socialism will die with time and it's fall will be a blip on the radar of eternity. Those who die advocating socialism will suffer the wrath of a holy God forever. Christianity will stand forever and its adherents will live on in the presence of the absolute ruler of the universe in joy and peace forever."C R Lord © 2017
Carl Jung|Grit is that 'extra something' that separates the most successful people from the rest. It's the passion, perseverance, and stamina that we must channel in order to stick with our dreams until they become a reality.
John Fowles|He said, “Americans look upon water as an inexhaustible resource. It’s not, if you’re mining it. Arizona is mining groundwater.
Marcia Lebhar|What single-minded, purposeful, compassionate obedience did it take for Jesus to walk through this world completely unrecognized for who he truly was? Even those dearest and closest to him did not grasp it while he lived.
Ashok Khurana|If you Looking for Perfection ,Perfect yourself by Looking Withinby isolating the Rule of Ego and Handing over the Reins of Karma Chariot to the Soul !No one can do The Perfect Act for You but your Soul in the Presence of The Supreme Soul !
Cherie Colyer, Hold Tight|He had a face made for magazine covers. Could someone say GQ model? That razor sharp jaw and those angular features caught the light just right. If she’d had a camera she wouldn’t mind snapping a few pictures. And those lips…she stopped. She didn’t know him, and something told her she shouldn’t get to know him.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|The function of education, therefore, is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. But education which stops with efficiency may prove the greatest menace to society. The most dangerous criminal may be the man gifted with reason, but with no morals.
Virginia Woolf|Yes, well, people are very good at destroying things, good things.
Walter Bradford Cannon|To be "modern" means refusing to worry about where the benefits of progress actually come from.
Avi|I had a birthday one night on a farm we were shooting on. I walked into the tent, and there were 150 people waiting for me, all wearing masks of my face.
Debra Holland, Sower of Dreams|शान्ताकारं भुजगशयनं पद्मनाभं सुरेशं विश्वाधारं गगनसदृश्यं मेघवर्णं शुभाङ्गम्।लक्ष्मीकान्तं कमलनयनं योगिभिर्ध्यानगम्यं वन्दे विष्णु भवभयहरं सर्वलोकैकनाथम्।I bow to Vishnu, Master of Universe unquestionably,Who rests on great serpent bed, peaceful perpetually,From His navel sprouts Lotus of Creative Power surely,He the Supreme Lord of cosmos undeniably does be.- 146 -	 He supports the entire universe and all-pervading be,He dark as clouds with beautiful Lakshmi form glowingly,He the lotus-eyed, whom yogis see by meditation only,He destroyer of `Samsar’ fear – the Lord of all `loks’ be.- 147 -
Stephanie March|The purpose of education is to keep a culture from being drowned in senseless repetitions, each of which claims to offer a new insight.
Steven Magee|In western societies many people become sick in their thirties, develop serious medical conditions in their forties and are disabled in their fifties.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Nonviolence is power, but it is the right and good use of power.
Daniel C. Dennett, Intuition Pumps And Other Tools for Thinking|If the Gospel of Judas found in Codex Tchacos can be convincingly identified as being a Coptic translation of the original Greek Gospel of Judas that Bishop Ireneaus mentioned around A.D. 180 in his book, "Against Heresies," it will be an important step in the study of ancient gnosticism. We would have for the first time the chance to trace back the history of Sethian gnosticism to before the time of Irenaeus. This would be a significant gain in our knowledge of early Christianity.
C. Sean McGee, Alex and The Gruff|That one smooth black eye stared, and reflected in it I fancied I could see the cyclopeon city, and the endless column of the marching dead.
Oswald Spengler|This is our purpose: to make as meaningful as possible this life that has been bestowed upon us . . . to live in such a way that we may be proud of ourselves, to act in such a way that some part of us lives on. This is our purpose: to make as meaningful as possible this life that has been bestowed upon us . . . to live in such a way that we may be proud of ourselves, to act in such a way that some part of us lives on.
Jennifer Estep, Wasted|The goal of individuation is wholeness, as much as we can accomplish, not the triumph of the ego.
Broderick Crawford|I promised my daughter I'd name my first restaurant after her, but now the other kids are like, 'Dad, what about us?' I'm gonna have to open four restaurants!
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|The door suddenly jerks open. A wideeyedteenager bursts out. She stares at me in dazed horror. In a strangeway, I both know and don’t know what has just happened. As the fragmentsbegin to converge, they convey a horrible reality: I must havebeen hit by this car as I entered the crosswalk. In confused disbelief, I sinkback into a hazy twilight. I find that I am unable to think clearly or towill myself awake from this nightmare.A man rushes to my side and drops to his knees. He announces himselfas an off-duty paramedic. When I try to see where the voice is comingfrom, he sternly orders, “Don’t move your head.” The contradictionbetween his sharp command and what my body naturally wants—toturn toward his voice—frightens and stuns me into a sort of paralysis.My awareness strangely splits, and I experience an uncanny “dislocation.”It’s as if I’m floating above my body, looking down on the unfoldingscene.I am snapped back when he roughly grabs my wrist and takes mypulse. He then shifts his position, directly above me. Awkwardly, hegrasps my head with both of his hands, trapping it and keeping it frommoving. His abrupt actions and the stinging ring of his command panicme; they immobilize me further. Dread seeps into my dazed, foggy consciousness:Maybe I have a broken neck, I think. I have a compellingimpulse to find someone else to focus on. Simply, I need to have someone’scomforting gaze, a lifeline to hold onto. But I’m too terrified tomove and feel helplessly frozen.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick|Ultimately, Adam's role as the leader and Eve's role as the helper have the same underlying purpose. It's all about serving and pointing others to Christ. Neither role is about us. They are both always about God. When serving God is our goal, having the title "helper" won't bother us. we can gratefully accept our God-defined position to bring honor to Him.
Daniel Friday Danzor|As a minister of the Lord in whatever way the Lord decides to use you and with the gifts he gives you for the work, there is the tendency to start idolizing the work itself or the gifts that you forget it is the father who gave it to you. Who picked you up and dusted you from nothing and adorned you. You forget and make the work a god before him. Exodus 20:3 "You shall have no other gods before me".-----This can be very subtle especially for social media ministry. You begin to love your social image over the word of God. You begin to dampen and tweak the word of God to appeal to a wider audience. You're suddenly no longer about the raw truth of the gospel. As the followers and likes increase you begin to get more and more addicted to the fruit of the works and the response to YOUR messages and posts. If a post doesn't do too well and get many likes and comments you are not happy. It hurts you deeply. That is how you know It has become about you.------If this is you and this message has touched your heart, if this post is like a mirror to your face, go back to God and ask for forgiveness. Ask God to forgive you for elevating yourself and your work as a god before him and return back to when it was just about loving him and preaching the good news. You probably may have noticed you lost the fire of inspiration you used to have at the beginning. This is why.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|Anyone else would have probably stayed put---or at least looked deeply uncomfortable, but Frank seemed like he was taking this in stride, like helping to reunite friends was just a normal thing he did.
Harold Monro, Collected Poems|Evidence indicates that cats were first tamed in Egypt. The Egyptians stored grain, which attracted rodents, which attracted cats. (No evidence that such a thing happened with the Mayans, though a number of wild cats are native to the area.) I don't think this is accurate. It is certainly not the whole story. Cats didn't start as mousers. Weasels and snakes and dogs are more efficient as rodent-control agents. I postulate that cats started as psychic companions, as Familiars, and have never deviated from this function.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|Life is all about balance. Since I have only one leg, I understand that well.
Harold Klemp, ECK Wisdom on Inner Guidance|You have the power to love, to accept, to encourage, to lift someone's spirit, to hug, to help, to listen, to care!! YOU ARE A MIRACLE!
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Don't let anyone make you believe that without their support you can't make it, hey look up, help is coming from unexpected places. Cheer up!
George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance|What is the matter with universities is that the students are school children, whereas it is of the very essence of university education that they should be adults.
Bella Vespira|In a very real way, then, materials are a reflection of who we are, a multi-scale expression of our human need and desires.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|If you are intelligent, if you are alert, the ordinary becomes the extraordinary.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|It did not look like the work of God, but it might have represented the handicraft of a God with a joyous sense of humor, a dancing God who loved mischief as much as prayer, and playfulness as much as mischief.
Sunday Adelaja|One of the greatest indicators of how much truth and honesty is in a country, is easily seen by observing how people drive around the city. What is their attitude to the rules of road safety? What is their attitude towards other commuters? Do they try to beat the system by all means? Do they try to get their way by hook or by crook, or they follow the rules? That is also part of corruption!
Walt Disney|Fame is like caviar, you know - it's good to have caviar but not when you have it at every meal.
Richard J. Foster, Freedom of Simplicity: Finding Harmony in a Complex World|Chaos... by its very definition cannot be controlled. Once introduced, all order and intention is rendered useless. The outcome of chaos can never be predicted. The only certainty it brings... is the devastation it leaves in its wake.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A dream like beautiful place is much more important than the beautiful place in a dream, because it is real!
Peter Adejimi|I did not have all the answers. I did not know if I’d deserved God’s grace or wrath, or what would become of me if I ever fled this town.But I did know how to shoot a gun. - Skylla Warden
Orison Swett Marden|If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
Teresa Schultz|Lets us not just read the Bible; let us learn it; let us experience it; let us live it distinctively, in truth and in spirit, as a pleasant sacrifice unto the Most High God
Jim Bakker|To all, to each, a fair good-night, and pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Towns are like people. Old ones often have character, the new ones are interchangeable.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|Of course. Silly me. Such a sad, exciting score, which no doubt you can play? So many accomplishments, Mr. Grey.”“And the greatest one is you, Miss Steele.
Stephen R. Covey|We see the world, not as it is, but as we are -- or, as we are conditioned to see it. When we open our mouths to describe what we see, we in effect describe ourselves, our perceptions, our paradigms.
Lailah Gifty Akita, On Eagles Wings:Rise|No matter what kind of sin you have committed, there is always forgiveness. You must repent and seek for forgiveness. You can walk in the new life and light.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|I reached up to touch his mask. It was so cold, despite how flushed his skin was just beyond it. My hand shook, and my breathing became shallow as I grazed the skin of his jaw. It was smooth—and hot.He wet his lips, his breathing as uneven as my own. His fingers contracted against the plane of my lower back, and I let him tug me closer to him—until our bodies were touching, and the warmth of him seeped into me.I had to tilt my head back to see his face. His mouth was caught somewhere between a smile and a wince.“What?” I asked, and put a hand on his chest, preparing to shove myself back. But his other hand slipped under my hair, resting at the base of my neck.“I’m thinking I might kiss you,” he said quietly, intently.“Then do it.” I blushed at my own boldness.But Tamlin only gave that breathy laugh, and leaned in.His lips brushed mine—testing, soft and warm. He pulled back a little. He was still staring at me, and I stared right back as he kissed me again, harder, but nothing like the way he’d kissed my neck. He withdrew more fully this time and watched me.“That’s it?” I demanded, and he laughed and kissed me fiercely.My hands went around his neck, pulling him closer, crushing myself against him. His hands roved my back, playing in my hair, grasping my waist, as if he couldn’t touch enough of me at once.
Debasish Mridha|To find peace, find the love and understanding.
Jeremy Scott|There are only two kinds of people in this world, Mr. Sallinger: people who rise above that suffering and people who let it define them." (The Ables)
Kristen McMain Oaks, A Single Voice|Who seeks for heaven alone to save his soul,May keep the path, but will not reach the goal;While he who walks in love may wander far,Yet God will bring him where the blessed are.
Jim Webb|It is in Rousseau's writing above all that history begins to turn from upper-class honour to middle-class humanitarianism. Pity, sympathy and compassion lie at the centre of his moral vision. Values associated with the feminine begin to infiltrate social existence as a whole, rather than being confined to the domestic sphere.
Elizabeth Hawes, It's Still Spinach|Are not couturiers the poets who, from year to year, from strophe to strophe, write the anthem of the feminine body?
Jewel, Hands|My hands are small, I knowBut they're not yours, they are my ownBut they're not yours, they are my ownAnd I am never broken
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|While some accused and convicted child molesters have inappropriately influenced the media, the public, and many in the clinical and legal professions by claiming that traumatic amnesia does not occur in child sexual abuse, workers in the field of trauma psychology have accumulated solid empirical evidence over the past 100 years that it does occur and is common. Its existence and natural history are documented throughout the clinical literature. from:Traumatic amnesia: The evolution of our understanding from a clinical and legal perspective, Sexual Addiction & Compulsivity: The Journal of Treatment & Prevention, Volume 4, Issue 2, 1997
Douglas Coupland, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture|Can we reconcile indefinitely these two imperatives: the desire to preserve every individual's special identity and the need for Europeans to be able to communicate with one another all the time and as freely as possible? We cannot leave it to time to solve the dilemma and prevent people from engaging, a few years hence, in bitter and fruitless linguistic conflicts. We know all too well what time will do.The only possible answer is a voluntary policy aimed at strengthening linguistic diversity and based on a simple idea: nowadays everybody obviously needs three languages. The first is his language of identity; the third is English. Between the two we have to promote a third language, freely chosen, which will often but not always be another European language. This will be for everyone the main foreign language taught at school, but it will also be much more than that--the language of the heart, the adopted language, the language you have married, the language you love.
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|What people intuitively grasped was the new efficiences in distribution, manufacturing, and marketing were changing the definition of what was commercially viable across the board. The best way to describe these forces is that they are turning unprofitable customers, products, and markets into profitable ones. Although this phenomenon is most obvious in entertainment and media, it's an easy leap to eBay to see it at work more broadly, from cars to crafts. Seen broadly, it's clear that the story of the Long Tail is really about the economics of abundance - what happens when the bottlenecks and stand between supply and demand in our culture start to disappear and everything becomes available to everyone.
Jacob Bronowski, The Ascent of Man|That is the essence of science: ask an impertinent question, and you are on the way to the pertinent answer.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|I really didn't foresee the Internet. But then, neither did the computer industry. Not that that tells us very much of course--the computer industry didn't even foresee that the century was going to end.
Cal Sarwar|Holy Prophet PBUH promulgated a justice system regardless of status of people, yet in Pak the powerful easily escapes.
Robert M. Pirsig|Through Sade and Goya, the Western world received the possibility of transcending its reason in violence....
Michael Eisner|Investment is crucial. Because the truth is, you only get jobs and growth in the economy when people invest money, at their own risk, in setting up a business or expanding an existing business.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|As a girl, she had come to believe in the ideal man -- the prince or knight of her childhood stories. In the real world, however, men like that simply didn't exist.
Daniel P. Douglas, Truth Insurrected: The Saint Mary Project|I’m sorry, Bill, I thought you said something about aliens? Did you give up the menthols for marijuana? Or maybe they now have flavored joints as well?
Aldous Huxley, The Devils of Loudun|Sex can be used either for self-affirmation or for self-transcendence — either to intensify the ego and consolidate the social persona by some kind of conspicuous ‘embarkation’ and heroic conquest, or else to annihilate the persona and transcend the ego in an obscure rapture of sensuality, a frenzy of romantic passion, more creditably, in the mutual charity of the perfect marriage.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Choose food, clothing, and shelter that accords with nature.Rely on your own body for transportation. Allow your work and your recreation to be one and the same. Do exercise that develops your whole being and not just your body. Listen to music that bridges the three spheres of your being. Choose leaders for their virtue rather than their wealth or power. Serve others and cultivate yourself simultaneously. Understand that true growth comes from meeting and solving problems of life in a way that is harmonizing to yourself and to others. If you can follow these simple old ways, you will be continually renewed.
Frank Cottrell Boyce, Cosmic|How is it possible for one to own the stars?""To whom do they belong?" the businessman retorted, peevishly."I don't know. To nobody.
Oliver Sacks|To live on a day-to-day basis is insufficient for human beings; we need to transcend, transport, escape; we need meaning, understanding, and explanation; we need to see over-all patterns in our lives. We need hope, the sense of a future. And we need freedom (or, at least, the illusion of freedom) to get beyond ourselves, whether with telescopes and microscopes and our ever-burgeoning technology, or in states of mind that allow us to travel to other worlds, to rise above our immediate surroundings.We may seek, too, a relaxing of inhibitions that makes it easier to bond with each other, or transports that make our consciousness of time and mortality easier to bear. We seek a holiday from our inner and outer restrictions, a more intense sense of the here and now, the beauty and value of the world we live in.
J.M. Stewart, Whatever It Takes|Cinderella was the first fairy tale I remember - the one I was most obsessed with because of the gowns and magic and pretty shoes. Yes, her home life was less than ideal - and considering the talking mice and birds, she probably needed serious therapy.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Percy pulled Annabeth close and kissed her... long enough for it to get really awkward for Piper, though she said nothing. She thought about the old rule of Aphrodite's cabin: that to be recognized as a daughter of the love goddess, you had to break someone's heart. Piper had long ago decided to change that rule. Percy and Annabeth were a perfect example of why. You should have to make someone's heart whole. That was a much better test.When Percy pulled away, Annabeth looked like a fish gasping for air.'The Rivalry end here,' Percy said. 'I love you, Wise Girl.
Jyca Therese Lauron Livelo|Even if others tried to prove me wrong, I know myself that what I said was right.
Tichina Arnold|I'm very close with my family, so my mom is part of my entourage.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|Alyssa couldn’t tear her gaze from him as the firelight played over the hard edges of him. Once he’d been the poster boy for clean-cut military, now he’d gone all tatted up sexy danger.
Muhaya Haji Mohamad|The NOW is such a magical moment that you have the time to live a magical life and have no time to have guilt of the past, worry of the future but to live now fully and unfold our magnificence with the help of Allah
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Ground on which we can only be saved from destruction by fighting without delay, is desperate ground.
Pierre-Auguste Renoir|To my mind, a picture should be something pleasant, cheerful, and pretty, yes pretty! There are too many unpleasant things in life as it is without creating still more of them.
Deyth Banger|Sometimes I just say that to read one thing more than twice is just a losing of time, but some stuff are used a lot of times, are read a lot of times until the meaning is get...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without experience, how will you know what exist?
Debasish Mridha|Love everyone, love everything, love every moment, and become the love.
Dwight L. Moody, How to Study the Bible|A man told me a while ago he could not believe a thing he had never seen. I said, “Man, did you ever see your brain?
Kangana Ranaut|View health as an investment, not an expense.
Steven Berkoff|It makes no difference how deeply seated may be the trouble, how hopeless the outlook how muddled the tangle, how great the mistake. A sufficient realization of love will dissolve it all.
Robert Anton Wilson|Having a spine is overrated. If everybody squealed and ran away, there'd be no more wars.
Ullmann, Linn|A man wakes up and for a few moments he experiences everything exactly as it is. Jon wrote: A man wakes up and is lucid. It doesn’t last long, though, he thought, that kind of lucidity. If it did you wouldn’t be able to stand it, it would kill you.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|There are moments in relationship when you didn't speak, you didn't have to; but you talked a lot.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|Men are men, unfortunately, no matter what their shape, and inclined to sin.
Carl Sagan|For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check; yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|Regardless of the staggering dimensions of the world about us, the density of our ignorance, the risks of catastrophes to come, and our individual weakness within the immense collectivity, the fact remains that we are absolutely free today if we choose to will our existence in its finiteness, a finiteness which is open on the infinite. And in fact, any man who has known real loves, real revolts, real desires, and real will knows quite well that he has no need of any outside guarantee to be sure of his goals; their certitude comes from his own drive.
Rama P. Coomaraswamy|What a man need is simply and solely independence volition, whatever that independence may cost and wherever it may lead.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|In the next place, wonderful as it seems in a sexual world, the Martians were absolutely without sex, and therefore without any of the tumultuous emotions that arise...
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|The padres set great store by addressing prayer to personal gods: 'Genuine prayer exists only in religions in which there is a God as a person and a shape and endowed with a will.'That was stated by a famous Protestant. The anarch does not want to have anything to do with that conception. As for the One God: while he may be able to shape persons, he is not a person himself, and the he is already a patriarchal prejudice.A neuter One is beyond our grasp, while man converses ten with the Many Gods on equal terms, whether as their inventor or as their discoverer. In any case, it is man who named the gods. This is not to be confused with a high level soliloquy. Divinity must, without a doubt, be inside us and recognized as being inside us; otherwise we would have no concept of gods.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|That’s the problem! She doesn’t say anything. She just stares at me like she’s hypnotized, like she thinks I’m a god, but then she runs off squeaking if I try to talk to her.”“I don’t squeak,” I protested. “Maybe she’s not looking at you like you’re a god. Maybe she thinks you’re more of a freak,” Fergus mused.“I’m not a freak.” Murphy jerked his head as if dodging a fly or tossing his hair. “It’s definitely a ‘you’re a god’ look. She practically drools.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You be good. That's your business. The rest, leave to God. That's his business.
Claudia Gray, A Thousand Pieces of You|He deserves better than this. But "deserves" doesn't have a lot to do with falling in love.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|All of us cherish our beliefs. They are, to a degree, self-defining. When someone comes along who challenges our belief system as insufficiently well based - or who, like Socrates, merely asks embarrassing questions that we haven't thought of, or demonstrates that we've swept key underlying assumptions under the rug - it becomes much more than a search for knowledge. It feels like a personal assault.
Jennifer Egan|There’s such a thing as being irritatingly ethical,” said Eldric. “That’s you, right now.” That’s a pleasant change. Witches are rarely accused of being irritatingly ethical.“I’ve swigged.” I handed the bottle to Eldric. “Or is it swug?” “Swug,” said Eldric. “It is in bad-boy circles, at least.” He swug. “It tastes much better outside church.” “It’s the picnic principle,” I said. “Things taste better outdoors. And if it’s a forbidden thing, so much the better.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|Many reviews are useless because, while purporting to condemn the book, they only reveal the reviewer's dislike of the kind to which it belongs. Let bad tragedies be censured by those who love tragedy, and bad detective stories by those who love the detective story. Then we shall learn their real faults. Otherwise we shall find epics blamed for not being novels, farces for not being high comedies, novels by James for lacking the swift action of Smollett. Who wants to hear a particular claret abused by a fanatical teetotaller, or a particular woman by a confirmed misogynist?
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|The closest natural area to you is the wild, naturally intelligent biological community within you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It is essential that you follow your own idea of passion, even if to others it looks like suffering.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Sorry, no. I refuse to join an army which practices human sacrifice and has no adequate pension plan.
John Mark Green|Strangely incurious, her lovers from before. She has worlds within I'm longing to explore.
Eddie Stack, The West|In the middle of nowhere, an old wooden bridge is a golden bridge!
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Forget about that and kiss me," I say.I weave my hands in her hair. She wraps her arms around my neck as I trace the valley between her lips with my tongue. Parting her lips, I deepen the kiss. It's like a tango, first moving slow and rhythmic and then, when we're both panting and our tongues collide, the kiss turns into a hot, fast dance I never want to end. Carmen's kisses may have been hot, but Brittany's are more sensual, sexy, and extremely addictive.We're still in the car, but it's cramped and the front seats don't give us enough room. Before I know it, we've moved to the backseat. Still not ideal, but I hardly notice.I'm so getting into her moans and kisses and hands in my hair. And the smell of vanilla cookies. I'm not going to push her too far tonight. But without thinking, my hand slowly moves up her bare thigh."It feels so good," she says breathlessly.I lean her back while my hands explore on their own. My lips caress the hollow of her neck as I ease down the strap to her dress and bra. In response, she unbuttons my shirt. When it's open, her fingers roam over my chest and shoulders, searing my skin."You're . . . perfect," she 
Beth Kephart, Undercover|Just looking at themI grow greedy, as if they werefreshly baked loaveswaiting on their shelvesto be broken open--that oneand that--and I make my choicein a mood of exalted luck,browsing among themlike a cow in sweetest pasture.For life is continuousas long as they waitto be read--these inked pathsopening into the future, pageafter page, every bookits own receding horizon.And I hold them, one in each hand,a curious ballast weighing mehere to earth.
Rohan Nath|I possess a gorgeous world.I created it and painted it like a fiveyears old, where the sky is wovenwith golden threads and the sun ispearl white.But alas! You can't observe it as theyare positioned inside my mind myimaginations...-Rohan Nath
John Berger|Desire changes its character by 180 degrees. Often, when first aroused, it is felt as the desire to have. The desire to touch is, partly, the desire to lay hands on, to take. Later, transformed, the same desire becomes the desire to be taken, to lose oneself within the desired. From these two opposed moments come one of the dialectics of desire; both moments apply to both sexes and they oscillate. Clearly the second moment, the desire to lose oneself within, is the most abandoned, the most desperate, and it is the one that Caravaggio chose (or was compelled) to reveal in many of his paintings.
Nidhie Sharma|Force is often used to enforce peace and an A bomb did bring world war 2 to a shuddering halt. The funniest people sometimes commit suicide and good souls often break a zillion hearts. That’s just who were are…sinners and saints in equal measure, our contradictions continually shaping our humanity and if we deny these paradoxes, we deny the existence of the very evolution that got us here.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|What makes you so dare to challenge me, kiddo?It ain't about you, Sir. I just wanna confront my fear.
Shannon L. Alder|It seems to me that the moralist is the most useless and contemptible of creatures. He is useless in that he would expend his energies upon making judgments rather than upon gaining knowledge, for the reason that judgment is easy and knowledge is difficult. He is contemptible in that his judgments reflect a vision of himself which in his ignorance and pride he would impose upon the world. I implore you, do not become a moralist; you will destroy your art and your mind.
Jan Baptist van Helmont|That all plants immediately and substantially stem from the element water alone I have learnt from the following experiment. I took an earthern vessel in which I placed two hundred pounds of earth dried in an oven, and watered with rain water. I planted in it a willow tree weighing five pounds. Five years later it had developed a tree weighing one hundred and sixty-nine pounds and about three ounces. Nothing but rain (or distilled water) had been added. The large vessel was placed in earth and covered by an iron lid with a tin-surface that was pierced with many holes. I have not weighed the leaves that came off in the four autumn seasons. Finally I dried the earth in the vessel again and found the same two hundred pounds of it diminished by about two ounces. Hence one hundred and sixty-four pounds of wood, bark and roots had come up from water alone. 
Tsara Shelton, Spinning In Circles And Learning From Myself: A Collection of Stories that Slowly Grow Up|I am a mother. I see clearly that while I've been teaching them, they have been my reason to learn.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Doing goodness is good only when you don’t expect anything in return; not a medal, not even a simple thanking!
Bonnie Hunt|Our veterans and service members are known for their strength, but when they're recovering from an operation or receiving emergency care, that strength can depend on seeing a spouse, talking with the kids or just knowing that loved ones are by their side. It isn't difficult to imagine what a difference keeping families together can make.
Bobby Knight|In Tulsa, it was sports or nothing.
Sarvesh Jain|Tragedy makes you disable, but your attitude towards tragedy keeps you disable.
Anonymous|Regulate your mind. Do not worry excessively about the future. If you have done everything that has to be done, the future will take care of itself.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't fight hatred with hatred and expect anyone to listen to you. You can only try to lessen it with humor, wit, truth and commonsense. If that doesn't work run like hell, while they throw rocks at you.
Abraham Lincoln|I froze, shocked. (And don't try to claim that you did anything different the first time a government bureaucrat pulled a gun on you.)
Peter Maass, Love Thy Neighbor: A Story of War|I am a lawyer, and for me it is very sad to say that there is now law here. There are weapons rather than law. What did Mao say? Power comes out of the barrel of a gun. It's very true. The situation is decadent. A lot of Serbs think this is leading us nowhere but they feel powerless. How many disagree? I don't know. Perhaps thirty percent disagree, but most of them are frightened and quiet. Perhaps sixty percent agree or are confused enough to go along. They are led by the ten percent who have the guns and who have control of the television towers. That's all they need.'p. 107
Dave Matthes, Bar Nights|You, sir, are not only a selfish asshole, but you're a coward. You didn't have the balls to stand and fight for what was yours, instead you chose to flee and force others into a fight that wasn't even theirs to begin with.
Lisa Jahn-Clough, Nothing But Blue|I shrieked like a little girl, which, if you think about it, makes total sense.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|I don't think that science and the paranormal have to be at war; in fact, it's crucial that they work together. It seems naïve to believe that the world is exactly as it seems.
Ajay Chandan|In medical science, as in daily life, it was unwise to jump to conclusions
Chandler Parsons|I believe everything negative that happens in your life is for a positive reason. If your heart breaks, you know that you are a human being and it happens. But you can't mope over it. There's only one life. You better get on ahead and fast. Fast enough not to let your past ever catch up with you.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you take the high road to living a virtuous life, you are fortified by knowing that regardless of what life throws your way or what storms may rage, you are grounded in goodness. In this, you secure not only your own integrity, but you secure it in the eyes others.
Laura Teresa Marquez|When I opened my eyes I saw nothing but the pool of nocturnal sky, for I was lying on my back with out-stretched arms, face to face with that hatchery of stars. Only half awake, still unaware that those depths were sky, having no roof between those depths and me, no branches to screen them, no root to cling to, I was seized with vertigo and felt myself as if flung forth and plunging downward like a diver.
Reese Witherspoon|I can say, 'Well, I'm a male. I'm a male human. I'm a medical doctor. I'm an author...' If I go to a religious point of view, I will say, 'I am a soul. I am a spirit.' If I go into science, I will say, 'I am energy. I am light.' But the truth is I have no idea what I am.
Milan Kundera, Slowness|Because beyond their practical function, all gestures have a meaning that exceeds the intention of those who make them; when people in bathing suits fling themselves into the water, it is joy itself that shows in the gesture, notwithstanding any sadness the divers may actually feel. When someone jumps into the water fully clothed, it is another thing entirely: the only person who jumps into the water fully clothed is a person trying to drown; and a person trying to drown does not dive headfirst; he lets himself fall: thus speaks the immemorial language of gestures.
Clive Barker, The Forbidden|The pain, I can assure you, will be exquisite.
Hillary Clinton|The charm of fishing is that it is the pursuit of what is elusive but attainable, a perpetual series of occasions for hope.
Peter Grimwade, Doctor Who: Mawdryn Undead|Don't interfere!" The Doctor silenced her angrily. "I cannot will my own destruction.
J.H. Elliott, Imperial Spain: 1469-1716|They were the supreme representatives of the Catalan nation, acting as spokesmen for it in any conflict with the Crown, and seeing that the laws or ‘constitutions’ of the Principality were observed to the letter; and at times they were, in all but name, the Principality's government.
Elizabeth George, Prayers to Calm Your Heart: Finding the Path to More Peace and Less Stress|There are two motives for writing a book: one, that you may save what you know, the other, that you may share what you know with the public.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|I have an immoderate passion for water; for the sea, though so vast, so restless, so beyond one's comprehension; for rivers, beautiful, yet fugitive and elusive; but especially for marshes, teeming with all that mysterious life of the creatures that haunt them. A marsh is a whole world within a world, a different world, with a life of its own, with its own permanent denizens, its passing visitors, its voices, its sounds, its own strange mystery.
Arnold Palmer|I have never entered into any controversy in defense of my philosophical opinions; I leave them to take their chance in the world. If they are right, truth and experience will support them; if wrong, they ought to be refuted and rejected. Disputes are apt to sour one's temper and disturb one's quiet.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|Business people - Your business - is your greatest prejudice: it ties you to your locality, to the company you keep, to the inclinations you feel. Diligent in business - but indolent in spirit, content with your inadequacy, and with the cloak of duty hung over this contentment: that is how you live, that is how you want your children to live!
Carolina De Robertis, Perla|Love. It seemed impossible that she could love him, but she was so deep in him there was really nowhere to go but further in. So this is what love was. Uncontrollable. Consuming. But so irresistible you wanted to be consumed.
Ophelia London, Falling for Her Soldier|I love you, Skye. You’re in my heart, in my head, under my skin. You’re my present and my future.
Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan|It wasn't for children, seventh grade. You could read the stress of even entering the building in the postures of the teachers, the security guards. Nobody could relax in such a racial and hormonal disaster area.
Miriam Margolyes|When I was 11, I went to space camp at the Space Center in Texas, near where I grew up. There, I met video-game-industry pioneer Richard Garriott, better known to gamers everywhere as 'Ultima' creator Lord British.
E.L. James|Caring is our curse. If we don’t care, we can’t get hurt. But if we didn’t care, the world would be a dark place to live. We have to deal with it and realize life isn’t fair. People are taken out of our lives, and others live who don’t deserve to continue.
Lisa Loeb|If I can't see the humor in it, how am I going to be funny?
Thich Nhat Hanh|The circle of the return to birth can only remain open, but this is a chance, a sign of life, and a wound.
Marie Antoinette|Jean Thompson's short-story collection 'Who Do You Love' is a beautiful book, but a hell of a sad one.
Max McKeown, Adaptability: The Art of Winning in an Age of Uncertainty|Change is inevitable. Evolution, however, is optional.
Richard Eberhart, Selected Poems, 1930-1965|In the centre of Bond was a hurricane-room, the kind of citadel found in old-fashioned houses in the tropics. These rooms are small, strongly built cells in the heart of the house, in the middle of the ground floor and sometimes dug down into its foundations. To this cell the owner and his family retire if the storm threatens to destroy the house, and they stay there until the danger is past. Bond went to his hurricane room only when the situation was beyond his control and no other possible action could be taken. Now he retired to this citadel, closed his mind to the hell of noise and violent movement, and focused on a single stitch in the back of the seat in front of him, waiting with slackened nerves for whatever fate had decided for B. E. A. Flight No. 130.
Beloo Mehra, The Thinking Indian: Essays on Indian Socio-Cultural Matters in the Light of Sri Aurobindo|In Indian social-cultural-political discourse there is a general tendency to ignore deeper, intellectual thought, and the sensationalist mass media has actually contributed to a great dumbing down of even the educated masses. In this climate where any and all intellectuality has been mostly confined to a few ivory towers of academy, it is difficult to get even the educated and socio-economically privileged section of the society interested in the idea of exploring any deeper intellectual thought. It seems as if the trinity of pop-sociology, pop-psychology and pop-culture has taken over the general mentality of the society leaving little room for any serious, intellectually rigorous discourse on social-cultural phenomena. If at all, there is any serious attempt to think through and understand the observed phenomena, it is almost always done using the intellectual theories and frameworks developed in the Western academic circles. But this habit of non-thinking or thinking only in terms of borrowed categories must change if we want India to awaken to her innate intellectual potential.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|[Women] are superior beings to us men. When they love us, then they are being gracious, for only rarely do we give them reason to love us. I learned that from your mother, and she's right. Sad to say, she's right.
Amelia Josephine Burr|I made a tentative conclusion. It seemed from all of this that uppermost among human joys is the negative one of restoration: not going to the stars, but learning that one may stay where one is.
Lacey Sturm|I have faith in God to put me where I need to be at the right time, and to put on my heart what I’m called to do… Sometimes we’re called to be very proactive about one thing, and then in another season, we’re supposed to let it go, trust God and pick up something else. You have to be in constant prayer and connected with the Holy Spirit to lead you.
Charles Johnson, The Way of the Writer: Reflections on the Art and Craft of Storytelling|If you know from whence you came, there are absolutely no limitations on where you can go.
Steven Magee|So fast you couldn't realise it, from one face to another - that's called an actor. Then what happens??Victim a killer, victim a killer wow. One time be a part of a victim, other being a part of a killer - awesome just awesome.
Doug MacLeod, Siggy and Amber|Are you sure this is a good idea?’ I ask.‘No,’ says Amber. ‘Let’s do it.
Timothy J. Keller|The reason that marriage is so painful and yet wonderful is because it is a reflection of the gospel, which is painful and wonderful at once. The gospel is this: We are more sinful and flawed in ourselves than we ever dared believe, yet at the very same time we are more loved and accepted in Jesus Christ than we ever dared hope.
R.A. Nelson, Teach Me|He’s kissing me everywhere, squeezing me, running his fingers over places no one else has touched
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|What was wrong with me? I had a decent life. I was healthy. I wasn't starving or maimed by a land mine or orphaned. Yet somehow, it wasn't enough. I had a hole in me, and everything I took for granted slipped through it like sand.I felt like I had swallowed yeast, like whatever evil was festering inside me had doubled in size.
Robert E. Lee|Read history, works of truth, not novels and romances
Abraham Lincoln|Give me one hundred preachers who fear nothing but sin and desire nothing but God, and I care not whether they be clergymen or laymen, they alone will shake the gates of Hell and set up the kingdom of Heaven upon Earth.
Patricia Briggs, Silver Borne|What can a soldier do when mercy is treason, and he is alone in it?
Alexandra  Harris, The Frangipani Year: Love and Aid Work in Post-Tsunami Aceh|One week after New Year's Day in 2006, I was on a flight to Aceh…As we walked down the steps on to the tarmac, the air felt humid and tropical, familiar and almost Balinese. It felt like going home. As the heavy air embraced me, my first inclination was to relax into it, but yet this was not home and my entire body remained on edge.
H. Beam Piper|Personally, I’d like to see the word genre taken out back and shot, a bullet in the back of its head, if it’s going to be so overloaded with meanings it’s just gibberish skewed to self-serving doublethink.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Ly-di-ah! I sit beneath your window, laaaass, singing ’cause I loooove your a—”“For the love of St. Francis of Assisi, someone call a vet. There is an injured animal screaming in pain outside,” Charlotte interrupted the flow of music in ill-humor.
Teresa of Avila.|Authentic prayer changes us, unmasks us, strips us, indicates where growth is needed.
Stella Payton|Whatever you believe to be true, whether it is true or not; if you believe it, then to you it becomes the truth.
Ken Follett|War is cruelty. There is no use trying to reform it. The crueler it is, the sooner it will be over.
Gary Haugen|Joan spoke kindly, explaining patiently, as he always patiently explained things to her. “It’s like in that book you gave me, Jane Eyre. Jane says she isn’t a bird caught in a net. Instead she’s a human being with an independent will and that she has a treasure inside her that will keep her alive, no matter if anything bad happens.
Bianca Frazier|When one person succeeds, we win as a group of people. Support others dreams so we can all win.
Matt Mullenweg|We don't design by calculator or by demographics or anything like that. We really are a group of creative, sensitive people. We have our charmed little world where we get to make things. We're really lucky.
Saji Ijiyemi, Don't Die Sitting|If you were dying...If you were sixteen and dying...If your blood was spilling out of you, calling to them, the creatures of the night, and you knew you were dying...If you saw their pale faces and the gleam of sharp teeth in the moonlight, and you felt your blood spilling warmly over your hands, and you knew beyond any doubt that you were dying...Wouldn’t you say yes?Yes, turn me.Yes, I want to live.Yes... make me one of you.
Alan W. Watts|Po: Maybe I should just quit and go back to making noodles.Oogway: Quit, don't quit? Noodles, don't noodles? You are too concerned about what was and what will be. There is a saying: yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the "present.
Jurgen Appelo, Management 3.0: Leading Agile Developers, Developing Agile Leaders|To the inexperienced and naive, creativity often looks like magic. But in truth creativity is rooted in the fertile grounds of knowledge and many hours of hard work and thinking.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I inquired what wickedness is, and I didn't find a substance, but a perversity of will twisted away from the highest substance – You oh God – towards inferior things, rejecting its own inner life and swelling with external matter.
Coretta Scott King|So long as the most vulnerable people in our population are consigned to places that the rest of us will always shun and flee and view with fear, I am afraid that educational denial, medical and economic devastation, and aesthetic degradation will be inevitable.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|It’s not the circumstances that we should feel threatened by, it’s the fear of the circumstances that poses the real threat.
Fakeer Ishavardas|How big is a man's life?" asked Ultan."I have no way of knowing, but isn't it larger than that?""You see it from the beginning, and anticipate much. I, recollecting it from its termination, know how little there has been. I suppose that is why the depraved creatures who devour the bodies of the dead seek more.
Michael  Grant|I don’t care what your excuse is, I don’t care what you think God told you to do, if you are in the business of closing children’s minds and obliterating their capacity to imagine, and depriving them of a capacity to laugh, then you are a criminal. Maybe not under the law, but under any decent system of morality.Shame on anyone who brainwashes a child and attacks their individual liberty and deprives them of the freedom that is the very definition of a human being. Shame.
Colin Tudge|Scientists study only those aspects of the universe that it is within their gift to study: what is observable; what is measurable and amenable to statistical analysis; and, indeed, what they can afford to study within the means and time available. Science thus emerges as a giant tautology, a "closed system". It can present us with robust answers only because its practitioners take very great care to tailor the questions.
Debasish Mridha|Get busy to love everyone, you will not have time or opportunity to fight with anyone.
Laura Kinsale|My books are mine, and yet they are alien to me--as a child belongs to a parent and yet has a life of its own. I can guide and hope and nudge my characters this and that way, but in the end, they become what they become. I don't always like what they become myself, but like a parent, there are times when I just don't know what to do about it. Other times when I'm so proud of them I could bust.
Brent M. Jones|He said if you do what you have to do today, all the tomorrows have a way of working things out by themselves.
Charmaine J. Forde|Our probie kicked the door in before we gave the okay. We don’t think he’s going to make it on the task force, Cap. He’s too much of a hot-head.”Oh, fuck that. There was no way that they were going to pin this on him. Syn growled and took several determined steps toward Day before God was there, blocking his path.“You might want to think about your next move very carefully. Especially if it involves touching him.” God’s voice lowered to a frightening timbre.
Norman Rockwell|Blueberries, strawberries and blackberries are true super foods. Naturally sweet and juicy, berries are low in sugar and high in nutrients - they are among the best foods you can eat.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|John Hay points to our our history of getting lost in suffering when, "so close together were pain and antidote.
Isabel Allende|I like intensity. If it's too mellow, I feel like, bleah. I like intensity, because it's way of reaching spaces inside of you, and it's my need of knowledge, of knowing about myself regardless.
John Green, Paper Towns|You listen to people so that you can imagine them, and you hear all the terrible and wonderful things people do to themselves and to one another,but in the end the listenin EXPOSES you even more that in exposes the people you're trying to listen to.
Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|Today he failed to change the world. As for tomorrow, who can tell?
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Deep-rooted beliefs are one of the many consequences of intellect, and also of ignorance; and telling one from the other is sometimes impossible.
Tyler Cowen|Every global concern - economic, environmental or security-related - can be addressed more effectively when the U.S. and China work together.
Danielle Paige, Dorothy Must Die|Down is up, up is down. Good is Wicked, Wicked is Good. The times are changing. This is what Oz has come to.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|You see, that's the thing with you detrus," Chase began in a contemplative tone. "Your bodies are abominations. If I severed your arms--"Lothaire yawned loudly."--you'd merely regenerate from the injury. You might experience pain, but you wouldn't suffer the horror of permanent loss, not like a human."Lothaire grew increasingly bored by this. "When I get free, I believe I'll show you your spine. I'll hand it to you so casually, politely even, as if expecting you to remark upon it.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|And despite the insignificance of the instant we have so far occupied in cosmic time, it is clear that what happens on and near Earth at the beginning of the second cosmic year will depend very much on the scientific wisdom and the distinctly human sensitivity of mankind.
Ang Swee Chai, From Beirut to Jerusalem|Mother made sure her little kids were subjected to a strict routine. We were given a timetable which covered our every waking moment, copies of which were posted by our bedside, in the sitting room and in the kitchen. Story hour meant that mother would read us novels and short stories by Guy de Maupassant, Oscar Wilde and Edmondo de Amicis. Soon we graduated to Tolstoy, Gogol and Turgenev. She read them to us in Chinese and I never realised until much later that the writers wrote them in different European languages. Comics were absolutely forbidden and so were Enid Blyton adventures and pop music. . .Lee Cyn and I soon went to a primary school nearby. . .After mother’s rigorous timetable, school became fun and easy-going.
Jeanette Walls|I loved college... I knew exactly why I was there and what I wanted to get out of it. I wished I could take every course in the curriculum and read every book in the library. Sometimes after I finished a particularly good book, I had the urge to get the library card, find our who else had read the book, and track them down to talk about it.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|A year jammed full of adventure and misadventure, strides forward and many steps backward, another year in my topsy-turvy, Jekyll-and-Hyde existence.
David Tennant|The secular world looks to the church and to its chagrin, finds no love, no life, no laughter, no hope and no happiness.
Marquis de Sade, Gothic Tales of the Marquis de Sade|It is not our religion, still less the colour of our skin, that produces virtue; virtue must be practised. Therefore, let no one do to others what he would not have done to himself.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|A nagging focus on time management makes us want to increase the speed of our lives. Maintaining a focus on priority management helps us recognize the need to slow down. When our use of time is built around well-defined priorities, life is less a question of how much we can get done and more a question of whether something is worth doing at all.
Dejan Stojanovic, Circling: 1978-1987|To jump over centuries In one step is impossible. Jump too high or far, You’ll be way too late.
N.M. Facile, Across The Hall|And round and round and round. Why couldn't I get past the letter? Like poison id had seeped into every image and every memory I kept of Callum, polluting them until I couldn't tell which was real and what was just wishful thinking any more. Until at last, I was forced to face the inescapable fact that, for whatever reason, Callum had written the letter.
Charles Moore|The rich run a global system that allows them to accumulate capital and pay the lowest possible price for labour. The freedom that results applies only to them. The many simply have to work harder, in conditions that grow ever more insecure, to enrich the few. Democratic politics, which purports to enrich the many, is actually in the pocket of those bankers, media barons and other moguls who run and own everything.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|The key is to integrate our art into our life, not the other way around.
Jeremy Aldana|Be careful not to look so far ahead, that you miss what’s in front of you
|No matter how hard or long the road to your dream seems, dare to consistently impress yourself with your decisions and actions.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|God forgive me for what I've done. God forgive me for what I will do, and forgive me for what I can't do because my religion won't let me.
James Frazee, The Mosquito Bites|What if the mosquitos are converting the pesticide to a weak form of pyrethrums, a poison to people?
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Skylark and Adonais - With Other Poems|Is there anything better than to be longing for something, when you know it is within reach?
Terence McKenna|Nature is not our enemy, to be raped and conquered. Nature is ourselves, to be cherished and explored.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|They wanted me to sit, listen, learn, be quiet, when I wanted to run, shout, jump, fly.
Scott Stabile|beyond the hurtbeyond the angerbeyond the blamebeyond the judgmentbeyond the expectationbeyond all of the noisethere is just love.If you stop before you’ve made your way to love, then you haven’t gone far enough.
G.I. Gurdjieff|From looking at your neighbor and realizing his true significance, and that he will die, pity and compassion will arise in you for him and finally you will love him.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|The message of Jesus is summed up partly in the Sermon on the Mount, and partly when he begins his ministry and quotes the passage from Isaiah: 'I have come to set free the prisoners and restore sight to the blind.' And certainly, his mission is also to bring hope. It was to heal people, to befriend the outcast.
Robert B. Cialdini, Influence: The Psychology of Persuasion|When you feel dissatisfied, or when you’re working too hard, the problem could be a mismatch between your goals and actions. Write out your goal ladder and make sure it all lines up. First start with your actions and ask “Why?” to find your subgoals. Keep asking why until you map up to your larger-level goals, at least two or three levels.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|When you are trying so hard to trend or to be relevant. You end up losing yourself. Please Lord keep me grounded so that I dont get confused by fame and by people calling my name. Let me not lead them astray or out of your ways and teachings. Let me not be boostful, selfish and arrogant.
Sachin sawariya|I know that your time is very precious,I am also a prince, we will not meet again
Patricia Highsmith, The Glass Cell|There are many arts and sciences of which a miner should not be ignorant. First there is Philosophy, that he may discern the origin, cause, and nature of subterranean things; for then he will be able to dig out the veins easily and advantageously, and to obtain more abundant results from his mining. Secondly there is Medicine, that he may be able to look after his diggers and other workman ... Thirdly follows astronomy, that he may know the divisions of the heavens and from them judge the directions of the veins. Fourthly, there is the science of Surveying that he may be able to estimate how deep a shaft should be sunk ... Fifthly, his knowledge of Arithmetical Science should be such that he may calculate the cost to be incurred in the machinery and the working of the mine. Sixthly, his learning must comprise Architecture, that he himself may construct the various machines and timber work required underground ... Next, he must have knowledge of Drawing, that he can draw plans of his machinery. Lastly, there is the Law, especially that dealing with metals, that he may claim his own rights, that he may undertake the duty of giving others his opinion on legal matters, that he may not take another man's property and so make trouble for himself, and that he may fulfil his obligations to others according to the law.
Benjamin Franklin, Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Benjamin Franklin|They who would give up essential Liberty, to purchase a little temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor S
Terry A. O'Neal|13 million Indians will join the workforce every year from now till 2030. They know their prospects aren’t good. Here’s why: in the years from 1972 to 1983—not celebrated as a time of overwhelming prosperity—the total number of jobs in the economy nevertheless grew 2.3 per cent a year. In the years between liberalization in 1991 and today, jobs have grown at an average of only 1.6 per cent a year. But, if these young people have to be absorbed, then jobs must grow at least 3 per cent a year—almost twice the rate at which they have since liberalization. This is simply not happening. In other words, one out of every two youngsters who starts looking for a job next year won’t find one.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza, Cardinal virtues collection of stories on Jaime L. Cardinal Sin|Today, you can pick your own news. At no time has the world been this compatible with apathy.
