Paul Theroux, A Dead Hand: A Crime in Calcutta|I had cooperated. I could not have refused. I was smitten with her, half in love but also afraid, because in my life (and she seemed to know this) I had not loved anyone without having been wounded. Love was power and possession, love caused pain: you were never more exposed than when you were in love, never more wounded; possession was an enslavement, something stifling.
Philippa Gregory, The White Queen|Perhaps we will not be great people, chosen by God, but just happy.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|Sadness, forever unacknowledged, eventually becomes resentment.
Sheryl Sandberg|[F]eminism wasn't supposed to make us feel guilty, or prod us into constant competition over who is raising children better, organizing more cooperative marriages, or getting less sleep. It was supposed to make us free -to give us not only choices but the ability to make these choices without constantly feeling that we'd somehow gotten it wrong.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|Why should I be sad? Everyone has to die. If you have a body, it's too late to cry. It's only funerals I can't stand.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|If you have experienced recurring situations in your life that are unpleasant, know that there is something you are supposed to be getting from those situations that you have not been getting and that the moment you get it, those situations will pass out of your life, not to return.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book Two|Silent tears are the worst. It's the sign of a broken spirit. No sound, no residual emotions... just tears. Silent, unstoppable tears.
Ordericus Vitalis, The Ecclesiastical History of England and Normandy, Volume 2|O, worldly pomp, how despicable you are when one considers that you are empty and fleeting ! You are justly compared to watery bubbles, one moment all swollen up, then suddenly reduced to nothing.
Tiffany  Webster, Embracing the Broken: Letting Go of Perfection and Living by the Power of Christ's Grace|Jesus isn’t an afterthought only when we need help, but He should be our first thought. Our first friend. Our first listening ear. The first person we go to for advice. Jesus shouldn’t be our last resort, but the reservoir of strength that we draw from before we even begin.
Patch Adams|Innocence in genius, and candor in power, are both noble qualities.
Margaret D. Nadauld|Every child matters. If we fail our children, we are bound to fail our present, our future, faith, cultures, and civilisations as well.
Sunday Adelaja|Working to perfect our gift and overcoming the pain of self-discipline, we achieve our goals and move on to our dreams
Douglas Coupland|If you were to actually travel around schools and universities and listen in on lectures about evolution, you might find a fairly substantial fraction of young people, without knowing what it is they disapprove of, think they disapprove of it, because they've been brought up to.
Shakira|My nana was an actress, my mom was an actress, and my sister, too. So because I was surrounded by it, it really came naturally.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|Is the phrase 'pay' or 'play the piper'I inquire, why'Cause I admire a desire to flip the switchYeah make a way to face the music likeLife savings for a mosh pit riotListen to a mixRock the tickets, higher volumeVelocity which shakes a cockpit's pilot
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield, The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert: An English Professor's Journey Into Christian Faith|Priests always had much attention lavished on them by their starstruck fans,those devout housewives and wealthy congregants who treated them as if they were guardians of the velvet rope blocking entrance into that ever so exclusive nightclub, Heaven.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|Instead of crying and begging for your love, you can stand and fight for it.
Goitsemang Mvula|I accept the fact that there is always a way out in every situation we find ourselves but, until we begin to ponder, panacea will be very scarce
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Even in my own time and in my own life, I have witnessed a revolution.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|Depression is a disorder of mood, so mysteriously painful and elusive in the way it becomes known to the self--to the mediating intellect--as to verge close to being beyond description. It thus remains nearly incomprehensible to those who have not experienced it in its extreme mode, although the gloom, "the blues" which people go through occasionally and associate with the general hassle of everyday existence are of such prevalence that they do give many individuals a hint of the illness in its catastrophic form.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|It was not desirable for the proles to have strong political feelings. All that was required of them was a primitive patriotism which could be appealed to whenever it was necessary to make them accept longer working hours or shorter rations. And even when they became discontented, as they sometimes did, their discontent led nowhere, because, being without general ideas, they could only focus it on petty specific grievances.
Laura   Lane, Two Mothers, One Prayer: Facing your Child's Cancer with Hope, Strength, and Courage|If he (John Adams) could not control events, he could at least record them for posterity – perhaps the ultimate form of control.
Zoe Forward, Playing The Witch's Game|There's more to life than..." Her eyes darted to the shore where Shannon had found a decent place to film them. "Jumping into the sack."	"Not much," he muttered. "There's a lot to be said for a good fuck.
Christian Louboutin|I never wanted to design clothes. I never wanted to work for the fashion industry. Shoes sort of belong to the fashion industry, which is why I'm part of the fashion industry. But that's never been my thought. My thought since I was a child was really to design those shoes for girls on stage.
Bruno Schulz|Homicide is not a sin. It is sometimes a necessary violence on resistant and ossified forms of existence which have ceased to be amusing. In the interests of an important and fascinating experiment, it can even become meritorious. Here is the starting point of a new apologia for sadism.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|He wished he was doing much more than kissing the back of her silky hand, though throwing her on the bar and devouring her like a man-eater wasn't a wise option.But... he was only human.
Shannon Claire Morelli, Heaven Awaits|Acceptance," she told the young woman. "God is watching over him." The small room was quiet, and Emily felt her muscles relax as she prayed.
Magnus Nwagu Amudi|I learned, then, beyond question, that if all the property in the world were distributed, and an equal share given to everyone, the bulk of mankind would soon be destitute, and a few would have everything.
Raymond Beresford Hamilton, Identity Assumption|Ivar grabbed hold of my shoulders, swung me into a strung-up fishing net, and then smashed me into a set of shelves. Clutter rained down on me, and I fought my way to the surface, clawing free of the net. Ivar's fingers curled around my shirt and lifted me until I was eye level with her."I'm going to enjoy killing you," she sneered. "And when you come back, I'll enjoy killing you again. If the Enshi doesn't eat your soul, I'll gladly eat your heart."Instead of replying, I stabbed her in the gut with a Khopesh. Her eyes bulged and she dropped me. I pulled the flaming sword out and slashed, but she caught my wrist before my blade could catch her skin, and she hissed, pulling her lips back viciously."Wrong move." Her flesh healed shut with only an ugly marbled scar left behind. She lashed her black power at me, striking me across the chest like a whip, and I staggered back. I shook off the blow and saw her lunge for me through the smoky remains of her attack. My own power detonated in a deafening explosion of white and collided with her. It blew her through the cabin, and she crashed through the wall and flew back out on the other side of the deck in a storm of fiberglass and steel.
Vikram Patel|Contraceptives have a proven track record of enhancing the health of women and children, preventing unintended pregnancy, and reducing the need for abortion.
Bede, Ecclesiastical History of the English People|Be patient, child!” said the Music. “But she will forget me.” “Do not worry, child. I am there. I shall not forget.”And she stared out at the planets and gentle stars and the galaxies and became forlorn for she had known a special love.“The Universe is so large, just look at it!” she cried. “Believe.” The Music sang.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Imagination|The sisterhood of librarians is a non-profit organisation and our goal is to keep imagination alive, not make money.
Stephan Pastis|Any film which views the darker side of life, which is death with a sense of humor, is very much to my taste.
Martin Garrix|Hope is not just... out in the sky, or accepting the facts or reality. Hope is having optimistic, positive expectations.
John Oates|Tennis just a game, family is forever.
Summer Sanders|Shame is something you'll find a lot of - particularly Catholic - girls feel about their bodies, about their sexuality, about their diet, about anything you like. Shame is the way you keep them down. That's the way to crush a girl.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|It is possible I can make very little of myself; but this little is everything, and better than what I allow to be made out of me by the might of others, by the training of custom, religion, the laws, the State.
Brad Barkley, Dream Factory|Ella, if it's magic, then nothing is supposed to happen.
alisha shaikh|Only he who can view his past as an abortion sprung from compulsion and need can use it to full advantage in the present. For what one has lived is at best comparable to a beautiful statue which has had all its limbs knocked off in transit, and now yields nothing but the precious block out of which the image of one's future must be hewn.
Sam Altman|Check-ins are cool, but kind of a pain.
Sathya Sai Baba|Happiness, she would explain, was when a person felt good, light, creative, content, loving and loved, and free. An unhappy person felt as if there were barriers crushing her desires and the talents she had inside. A happy woman was one who could exercise all kinds of rights, from the right to move to the right to create, compete, and challenge, and at the same time could be loved for doing so. Part of happiness was to be loved by a man who enjoyed your strength and was proud of your talents. Happiness was also about the right to privacy, the right to retreat from the company of others and plunge into contemplative solitude. Or sit by yourself doing nothing for a whole day, and not give excuses or feel guilty about it either. Happiness was to be with loved ones, and yet still feel that you existed as a separate being, that ou were not just there to make them happy. Happiness was when there was a balance between what you gave and what you took.
Lilly Christine, Right Kinda Bull|A soft moan escapes me, making him smile even more. He's too good at this.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never know the purest love you can give a person, until the day you hurt because they hurt. You genuinely want them to succeed in life and be free from all the chains that keep them from being happy, whether you are in their life or not.
Robert Jordan|They were the sort who berated a man for meddling and chased him away, then berated him again for not being there when he was needed. Not that they would admit he was needed, even then, not them. Raise a hand to help and you were interfering, do nothing and you were an un-trustworthy wastrel.
Michael Flynn, The Wreck of The River of Stars|The Luna-Ganymede Race went down in history, and the magnetic sail went down to the fusion thruster. Terranova should never have taken the bet, but it was a matter of pride - and prive loves loss above surrender.
Venita Ellick|If a woman chooses to support her husband and become First Lady, I believe she must do so with the understanding that the public expects the full-meal deal.
Jill Shalvis, Nobody But You|I can't think in your presence."	"Why not?"	"Because looking at you is like..." She tossed up her hands. "It's like walking down the chips and cookie aisle at the grocery store. I can't resist you, and then I'll forget why you're bad for me.
Rachel Friedman, The Good Girl's Guide to Getting Lost: A Memoir of Three Continents, Two Friends, and One Unexpected Adventure|We are in love, in the very beginning part of it, when you don't ever want to separate your body from the other person's.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|In sickness and in sickness. That is what I wish for you. Don't seek or expect miracles. There are no miracles. Not anymore. And there are no cures for the hurt that hurts most. There is only the medicine of believing each other's pain, and being present for it.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|He made what apology he could and hurried home, overjoyed that the satisfaction of his curiosity had preserved their love intact, and that, having feigned for so long, when in Odette's company, a sort of indifference, he had not now, by a demonstration of jealousy, given her that proof of the excess of his own passion which, in a pair of lovers, fully and finally dispenses the recipient from the obligation to love the other enough. He never spoke to her of this misadventure, he cased even to think of it himself. But now and then his thoughts in their wandering course would come upon this memory where it lay unobserved, would startle it into life, thrust it more deeply down into his consciousness, and leave him aching with a sharp, far-rooted pain.
Anton Chekhov, The Portable Chekhov|Embarrassing facts, those would really help our children remember their classroom lessons better.
John Fante, Ask the Dust|Almighty God, I am sorry I am now an atheist, but have You read Nietzsche?
Julie Farrell|Thoughts are just thoughts, and they can’t hurt you. My thoughts land in my mind like a butterfly; they stay for a while, then flutter away. The butterfly isn’t me. I can step away from it, and watch it, learn from it, enjoy it, without needing to absorb it into my identity.
Deyth Banger|It will be awesome, if the people had the chance all stuff which surround them to see them as larger as possible so to be differences like you are a mice or something like this.... - I'm sure that people will see stuff which as normal size everything they won't see!
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Time expands, then contracts, all in tune with the stirrings of the heart.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|The social system of capital separates most people from the conditions of existence. This compels the vast majority to accept the mediations of work and commodity consumption in order to maintain a minimal existence at the expense of their lives, desires and dreams, of their individuality. The artificial economic scarcity imposed by capital leads to a competition that is often promoted in the United States as the basis of "individualism" in spite of the fact that it creates nearly identical mediocre existences in which life is subsumed in survival... If all individuals are indeed to be free to create their lives and relations as they desire, it is necessary to create a world in which equality of access to the means and conditions of existence is reality. This requires the total destruction of economy—the end of property, commodity exchange and work. Thus we see that the generalized realization of individual freedom goes hand-in-hands with the best aspects of the anarcho-communist ideal and can only be achieved through a revolutionary transformation.
Richard Brautigan, The Tokyo-Montana Express|It had been a couple of years and I was neither dead, nor undead, which I ranked as an achievement.
Amram Ducovny, Coney|Now, as they pressured perfect footprints into the snow that had been accumulating all day, his father took Harry's hand."Heshele, how are you?""OK, I guess.""Are you very sad?""I don't know. I know I should be. But what does it mean to be sad?"His father stopped. He cupped his free hand to let the snow gather. It quickly turned from an inviting white coating to black-specked gray water."Sadness is in my hand. In a second, a thing of beauty becomes dirty water; innocence leaves a child's eyes; he who strived for immortality lies forgotten under weeds. Sad is missing the love that death has sealed in the ground or that life has denied life to.""Then I'm sad. When you took my hand, I remembered how he took my hand when we went to the pier to fish. And I thought: That will never happen again. And then I thought: Up until now I never understood the word never, and there was a lump in my throat.
Charlaine Harris, From Dead to Worse|Ella was fluttering above him, dodging missiles and calling out advice: "The groin. The Earthborn's groin is sensitive."SMASH!"Good. Yes. Tyson found its groin.
Mia Sheridan, Grayson's Vow|Like swimming squirrels, you navigate with the help of Heaven and a stiff breeze, but you never land where you hope to—do you?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Forgiveness is freedom. Forgiveness is liberation. Forgiveness is a choice. If you forgive and forget you are free but, if you keep it, you shall always have it and it shall always rule and direct your heart, mind, body and spirit.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|One never reaches home,' she said. 'But where paths that have an affinity for each other intersect, the whole world looks like home, for a time.
Haile Selassie|Jesus is ideal and wonderful, but you Christians - you are not like him.
Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood|I cannot breathe, or see, nor swim,My darkness is composed of him.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|He moved like a dancer, which is not surprising; a horse is a beautiful animal, but it is perhaps most remarkable because it moves as if it always hears music.
Mary Brock Jones, Torn|like many families, everyone wandered around like children in a funhouse—they could hardly see one another around the corners, and what they could see was completely distorted.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|No amount of regretting can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Stephanie Dray, America's First Daughter|But women have to give hard thought to the men we'll wind up with. Make a mistake and get a drunk, a spendthrift, a cruel man. A man who won't keep his word. ... In marriage, man and woman become one, and that one is the husband.
C.F.W. Walther, Law & Gospel: How to Read and Apply the Bible: A Reader's Edition|Every religion contains portions of the law. In fact, some unbelievers, by their knowledge of the law, have advanced so far that they realize that their souls need to be cleansed, that their thoughts and desires need to be purified. But only in the Christian religion will you find the Gospel. Other religions do not contain even a speck of it.
Sarah Weeks, Pie|Instead of going out on Saturday night as planned, I decided to stay in with a few of my closest friends from the complex carbohydrate family. Well actually, like most of my friends, they're not that complex.
Tariq Ramadan, What I Believe|If there is a smoke, there is a fire, the saying goes, That is quite true, but one should find what the fire is, and who lit it.
Émile Zola, The Ladies' Paradise|Whatever you tell; lie or truth, can both destroy or save you.
Amanda Bouchet, A Promise of Fire|I roll my eyes. "Oh, the woe of being adored."Beta Sinta grins. "It's a hard life.
Abraham Lincoln|It was by one Union that we achieved our independence and liberties, and by it alone can they be maintained.
Elizabeth Scott, Perfect You|I still don't understand anything- exept that somehow I know that You are love. And that in my heart has been so great a love for Christy as I did not know could exist on this earth. You, God, must be responsible. You must have put it there. So what do I do with it now? 
Ilyasah Shabazz, X|I'm not meant to be part of the things that are wrong with the world, but neither am I meant to run from them. I'm meant to fight against them. I can't hold my own in the ring, but out in the world, I do know how to fight. With words. With truth.
Michel Houellebecq|If you control the children, you control the future.
Kim Cormack, Enlightenment|, “How can one mock these flamingo wine glasses. When, they are so obviously awesome.
William Cowper|Life is basically like a soap bubble.It rides on the wind, flying here and there,…And before you realize it, pop! It’s gone.When it’s about to disappear, you thinkthat you could’ve flown a bit higher.But by the time, it’s already too late.
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|Meditation is cultivating the potential to transcend your limited self, limited beliefs and limited existence. It is stepping into the exciting territory of limitlessness.
Sylvia Dolson, Joy of Bears|The first rule of snooping is to come at it sideways--when you began writing me dizzy letters about Alexander, I didn't ask if you were in love with him, I asked what his favorite animal was. And your answer told me everything I needed to know about him--how many men would admit that they loved ducks?
Christy Leigh Stewart|Humor, drama, romance, whatever genre of entertainment you create or consume is only effective if it is challenging to your sensibilities. When the sexuality of seeing a woman’s ankles became trumped by her calf, society changed. When the calf was later trumped by a woman offering shots of alcohol from her vagina on Rock of Love, society changed again. My hope for this world is that we can soon run out of shocking body parts and can finally see the humor in our ætheric bodies.
Francisco Goya|If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
L.M. Montgomery|Oh, this is the most TRAGICAL thing that ever happened to me!
G.S. Sreekiran|Rules do not determine outcomes - the players still have to make choices - but they make some outcomes more likely than others, by defining what it means to "win", and by creating incentives for and imposing constraints on the players.
Mitt Romney|Hillary Clinton has taken some fire over 40 years of her fight for families and children. How does she do it? That's what I want to know. Where does she get her grit and her grace? Where do any of our female firsts, our pathbreakers, where do they find that strength?
Tonny K. Brown|Once I made weapons carved from stone, I tied the weight to a wooden handle, a club to break the bones of my enemy.Then I became wiser...and sharpened the stone to a point and then fastened it to a stick; my arrow. I bent wood and hitched string to it; my bow. I kill my enemy with skillThen I became wiser...and made weapons forged from steel and took care to sharpen the blade of my sword. I kill my enemy with a stroke.Then I became wiser...and made the rifle that would, by exploding gunpowder, shoot balls of lead faster than the eye could see. I kill my enemy with but the pull of a trigger.Then I became wiser...and I built flying machine that could transport bombs to drop over the homes of my enemy. I kill my enemy from the sky.Then I became wiser...and created the drone, now I can guide a plane by remote control from one country and kill my enemy in another. I am a proficient killerThen I became wiser... and I found a way to split the atom and found the power of God hidden within. I kill the ground, scorch the sky, pollute the wind and kill my enemy with the push of a button.Then I became wiser...And I found that there is nothing more foolish than a "Wise Man of War
Glenn Close|What mental health needs is more sunlight, more candor, more unashamed conversation about illnesses that affect not only individuals, but their families as well.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily's Quest|An old couple came running from a motorhome, scribbling as they ran. Their sign read, Can you check on our cat, Ariel?No one would answer that, because the cats had all been eaten.
Ted Koppel|There is one, and only one, thing in modern society more hideous than crime namely, repressive justice.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Never look for justice in this world, but never cease to give it.
Landon Parham, First Night of Summer|Darkness will never prevail. If you do not recognize the evil in our world, you will never stand up to it.
Alfred Eisenstaedt|Film editing is now something almost everyone can do at a simple level and enjoy it, but to take it to a higher level requires the same dedication and persistence that any art form does.
tirumala|People just don't understand, they aren't your level and they won't get there soon. So move because you will fall from there!
Thomas Bailey Aldrich|I've always thought of acting as more of an exercise in empathy, which is not to be confused with sympathy. You're trying to get inside a certain emotional reality or motivational reality and try to figure out what that's about so you can represent it.
Robin Hobb|The second thing you have to do to be a writer is to keep on writing. Don't listen to people who tell you that very few people get published and you won't be one of them. Don't listen to your friend who says you are better that Tolkien and don't have to try any more. Keep writing, keep faith in the idea that you have unique stories to tell, and tell them. I meet far too many people who are going to be writers 'someday.' When they are out of high school, when they've finished college, after the wedding, when the kids are older, after I retire . . . That is such a trap You will never have any more free time than you do right now. So, whether you are 12 or 70, you should sit down today and start being a writer if that is what you want to do. You might have to write on a notebook while your kids are playing on the swings or write in your car on your coffee break. That's okay. I think we've all 'been there, done that.' It all starts with the writing. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great faith, Great spirit.
Robert Walser, The Tanners|How reprehensible it is when those blessed with commodities insist on ignoring the poor. Better to torment them, force them into indentured servitude, inflict compulsion and blows—this at least produces a connection, fury and a pounding heart, and these too constitute a form of relationship. But to cower in elegant homes behind golden garden gates, fearful lest the breath of warm humankind touch you, unable to indulge in extravagances for fear they might be glimpsed by the embittered oppressed, to oppress and yet lack the courage to show yourself as an oppressor, even to fear the ones you are oppressing, feeling ill at ease in your own wealth and begrudging others their ease, to resort to disagreeable weapons that require neither true audacity nor manly courage, to have money, but only money, without splendor: That’s what things look like in our cities at present
Frans de Waal|Measures are too often decided, not accord­ing to the rules of justice and the rights of the minor party, but by the superior force of an interested and overbearing majority.
Epictetus|Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
Sōseki Natsume, Sanshirō|The call for political freedom took place long ago. The call for freedom of speech is also a thing of the past. Freedom is not a word to be used exclusively for phenomena such as this which are so easily given outward manifestation. I believe that we young men of the new age have encountered the moment in time when we must call for that great freedom, the freedom of the mind.
Batuhan Ibal|Information is the oxygen of the modern age. It seeps through the walls topped by barbed wire, it wafts across the electrified borders. ... The Goliath of totalitarianism will be brought down by the David of the microchip.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Presuming that there is such a thing as "progress" when it comes to music, and that music is "better" now than it used to be, is typical of the high self-regard of those who live in the present. It is a myth. Creativity doesn't "improve.
James Rozoff|I find myself becoming increasingly nostalgic for the past, but after all I suppose that is the only thing one can be nostalgic about.
Tim Kaine|I am not a snowflake. I am not a sweet, infantilising symbol of fragility and life. I am a strong, fierce, flawed adult woman. I plan to remain that way, in life and in death.
Ursula K. Le Guin|In the 'Life' of George Eliot, John Walter Cross gave an intriguing account of Eliot's creative method. "She told me that, in all her best writing, there was a 'not herself' which took possession of her, and that she felt her own personality to be merely the instrument through which this spirit, as it were, was acting," Cross wrote.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|Sufism is transmitted by means of the human exemplar, the teacher.
S.M. Parker, The Girl Who Fell|When we’ve decided to tell the truth in a story, we should tell good, strong versions of it, proper versions that kids can do something with.
J. Courtney Sullivan, Commencement|With the Smithies, it was different. There was sometimes no telling where one of them began and the others left off.
V.S. Carnes|No fairy tale, this. This was by no stretch of the imagination a polished fantasy. This was a searing, living force, rough around the edges, unfamiliar and bittersweet.And precious.
Faisal Khosa|I beg...I don’t think that’s a contradiction at all. I don’t hold people up or threaten them. They give me money because they want to. It's a service. The satisfaction they get from giving me money is worth more to them than the money they give. You are a naïve little man if you think that people give charity for the good of others. The good of others is so difficult to quantify. All that people know is their own satisfaction. The vast majority of people who donate to charities do so to make others notice them and think of them as magnanimous and good hearted. Sure, there are those who donate in anonymity. These people are only trying to feel better about themselves. They don’t desire the approval of others, but they still seek to fulfill their satisfaction using another person. Really, they are no different than a patron of a brothel. The satisfaction they seek isn’t sexual, but what’s the difference? I provide a huge service for those people. They are looking to exchange a few bucks for a man’s dignity.
Victoria Addino|If you ever walk down a path surrounding by negative energy, look for the fork in the path then cross over to the positive side.
Allison J. Kennedy|Letting go looks different for everyone, I think. Sometimes it's as simple as waking up one day and deciding not to let your past rule you. Other times it's a process; slow moving and painful, like trudging through a forest of thorny vines in hopes that you'll find freedom on the other side.
Holly Schindler, A Blue So Dark|It hurt, and that is not a euphemism. It hurt like a beating.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything in the world has a life span and We (the Self) are without a life span, so how can the two correlate? To make association with those with a life span (mortal), we too have to become one with a life span. And that has created all this fiasco.
Scott Dixon|The idealists dream and the dream is told, and the practical men listen and ponder and bring back the truth and apply it to human life, and progress and growth and higher human ideals come into being and so the world moves ever on.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, I Am Tausi|We should all celebrate the magnitude of diverse and unique souls that live in our world today, for it is an essence that makes our lives colourful every singleday.
Richard Nelson, The Island Within|Or I would be the rain itself, wreathing over the island, mingling in the quiet of moist places, filling its pores with its saturated breaths. And I would be the wind, whispering through the tangled woods, running airy fingers over the island’s face, tingling in the chill of concealed places, sighing secrets in the dawn. And I would be the light, flinging over the island, covering it with flash and shadow, shining on rocks and pools, softening to a touch in the glow of dusk. If I were the rain and wind and light, I would encircle the island like the sky surrounding earth, flood through it like a heart driven pulse, shine from inside it like a star in flames, burn away to blackness in the closed eyes of its night. There are so many ways I could love this island, if I were the rain.
Ayrton Senna|Sorrow for sin is indeed necessary, but it should not be an endless preoccupation. You must dwell also on the glad remembrance of God's loving-kindness; otherwise, sadness will harden the heart and lead it more deeply into despair.
Edwin Rolfe and Lester Fuller|At the sight of a good book, you just can't walk away but to claim and read it.
Robert Ian Wilson, Egbert's World|Yes, King Eirik, I can't do this alone. I'm not a knight or even a fighter for that matter. I'm just a normal boy, who is looking for his Grandfather.
Maria Erving|If the conscious falls into the unconscious you fall into a coma, and if the unconscious falls into the conscious and becomes conscious itself, you become enlightened, you become a Buddha, a Sosan.
Michelle Herman, Dog|She had not made a decision to give up sex, only the clamor of romance, because it was exhausting her, doing her no good and too much harm...
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|With the selfies, a photographer has finally found his place in a photograph.
Marc-Uwe Kling, Die Känguru-Chroniken: Ansichten eines vorlauten Beuteltiers|Du kennst doch bestimmt den Spruch, dass Gott die Menschen nach seinem Ebenbild erschaffen hat. Guck dich mal um! Wenn man davon ausgeht, dass Gott ein Arschloch ist, ergibt das plötzlich mächtig viel Sinn.
William Butler Yeats|It is a great consolation for me to remember that the Lord, to whom I had drawn near in humble and child-like faith, has suffered and died for me, and that He will look on me in love and compassion.
Debbie Reynolds|I've done romantic comedy, and I don't get to flex that muscle often.
Maria Sharapova|When you travel so many weeks a year, it's always nice to have a home-cooked meal.
Oliver Gaspirtz|If anyone can overcome a fear for the ocean, you can, little lady. Courage is being scared to death and saddlin' up anyway.
Christopher Moore, Fool|Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion. To attack the first is not to assail the last. To pluck the mask from the face of the Pharisee, is not to lift an impious hand to the Crown of Thorns.
Angela B. Wade, Fallen River|Daniel rested his hip on the counter, arms crossed, saying and offering nothing. “What? Are you thinking about sticking me with Luc permanently?” I laughed, the sound anxious. I waited for Daniel to laugh, too, at the sheer insanity of the idea. To reassure me he would never do something so cruel. But he stayed silent, something he was getting very good at. “You know something? Trying to have a discussion with you would work a lot better if you’d actually talk.” It was like riding on a merry-go-round, only without the merry. “You promised to stop keeping secrets from me, remember?
Olivia Wilde|David Ben-Gurion understood that the public's trust is given to a leader in order to lead, determine clear goals and make difficult decisions. The fate of the people and the good of the state guided him, not polls, media treatment or measures of prestige.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|It follows that they never understood Reginald, who came down late to breakfast, and nibbled toast, and said disrespectful things about the universe. The family ate porridge, and believed in everything, even the weather forecast.
J. Valor, Salome|This trespass had not come without a price. Living un-lives, material comforts and luxuries became superfluous, connection to the outside world undesirable, and power their only sustenance. But they had paid gladly, considering this “humanity” a small price for the power they now wielded; power that would sustain them far beyond the lives of mere humans and perhaps, in time, even grant them immortality.
Oscar Wilde|I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their good intellects.
Tiffany Reisz, Seven Day Loan|...I know how she must have felt. Pressure to be in charge of the world. So much responsibility. The whole world on her...to let go and just give herself to you, to give up to you..." "I'm glad you understand...few women do." "Oh, they do. They're just afraid to admit it... in the dusty dark little corner of every woman's heart... lives the hunger to fetch a powerful man his slippers on her hands and knees.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Don't just think, ACT!
Eugene Levy|But the problem is that when I go around and speak on campuses, I still don't get young men standing up and saying, 'How can I combine career and family?'
Fil Anderson, Breaking the Rules: Trading Performance for Intimacy with God|Luther’s doctrine of justification depends upon two things: the constant preaching of the wrath of God in the face of sin; and the realization that every Christian is at once righteous and a sinner, thus needing the hammer of the law to terrify and break the sinful conscience.
Lisa Moore|This is what Helen has learned: it is possible to be so tired you cannot reach for the sky, you cannot breathe. You can’t even talk. You can’t pick up the phone. You can’t do a dish or dance or cook or do up your own zipper.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|This is not a goodbye, my darling, this is a thank you. Thank you for coming into my life and giving me joy, thank you for loving me and receiving my love in return. Thank you for the memories I will cherish forever. But most of all, thank you for showing me that there will come a time when I can eventually let you go.I love you, T.
Carl R. Rogers|Whether we are speaking of a flower or an oak tree, of an earthworm or a beautiful bird, of an ape or a person, we will do well, I believe, to recognize that life is an active process, not a passive one. Whether the stimulus arises from within or without, whether the environment is favorable or unfavorable, the behaviors of an organism can be counted on to be in the direction of maintaining, enhancing, and reproducing itself. This is the very nature of the process we call life. This tendency is operative at all times. Indeed, only the presence or absence of this total directional process enables us to tell whether a given organism is alive or dead. The actualizing tendency can, of course, be thwarted or warped, but it cannot be destroyed without destroying the organism. I remember that in my boyhood, the bin in which we stored our winter's supply of potatoes was in the basement, several feet below a small window. The conditions were unfavorable, but the potatoes would begin to sprout—pale white sprouts, so unlike the healthy green shoots they sent up when planted in the soil in the spring. But these sad, spindly sprouts would grow 2 or 3 feet in length as they reached toward the distant light of the window. The sprouts were, in their bizarre, futile growth, a sort of desperate expression of the directional tendency I have been describing. They would never become plants, never mature, never fulfill their real potential. But under the most adverse circumstances, they were striving to become. Life would not give up, even if it could not flourish. In dealing with clients whose lives have been terribly warped, in working with men and women on the back wards of state hospitals, I often think of those potato sprouts. So unfavorable have been the conditions in which these people have developed that their lives often seem abnormal, twisted, scarcely human. Yet, the directional tendency in them can be trusted. The clue to understanding their behavior is that they are striving, in the only ways that they perceive as available to them, to move toward growth, toward becoming. To healthy persons, the results may seem bizarre and futile, but they are life's desperate attempt to become itself. This potent constructive tendency is an underlying basis of the person-centered approach.
Michael Hayden|An intelligence analyst may attribute an attack to al Qaeda, whereas a policy maker could opt for the more general 'extremist.'
Stormie Omartian|Talking to God should be part of every aspect of life, in times of peace as well as in every battle.
Ezra Pound|They say Princes learn no art truly, but the art of horsemanship. The reason is, the brave beast is no flatterer. He will throw a prince as soon as his groom.
Conan O'Brien|All I ask is one thing, and I’m asking this particularly of young people: please don’t be cynical. I hate cynicism, for the record, it’s my least favorite quality and it doesn’t lead anywhere. Nobody in life gets exactly what they thought they were going to get. But if you work really hard and you’re kind, amazing things will happen.
José Ortega y Gasset, On Love: Aspects of a Single Theme|The idea of beauty, like a slab of magnificent marble, has crushed all possible refinement and vitality from the psychology of love.
Randall Munroe, xkcd: volume 0|Take wrong turns. Talk to strangers. Open unmarked doors. And if you see a group of people in a field, go find out what they are doing. Do things without always knowing how they'll turn out. You're curious and smart and bored, and all you see is the choice between working hard and slacking off. There are so many adventures that you miss because you're waiting to think of a plan. To find them, look for tiny interesting choices. And remember that you are always making up the future as you go.
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|Of course, thousands of years of traditional masculinity weren't going away without a fight. They lingered in the vestigial memories of men, occasionally challenging a decision to read the directions or wear argyle, hoping for a day when a hurtling piece of space rock will send the world back to a time before the advent of styling gels.
Alan Lee|I spend as much time as I can sketching from nature, Dartmoor contains such a rich variety of landscape, as many boulders, foaming rivers and twisted trees as my heart could ever desire. . . . When I look into a river, I feel I could spend a whole lifetime just painting that river.
Paul Walker|Whenever I'm doing anything romantic with an actor, or if there's a director around, I never want anybody's wife to feel threatened by me.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|Like all who search for truth out of fear, I desperately wanted someone else to tell me exactly what to do.
Gwen Hayes, Falling Under|I wanted to see you again, touch you, know who you were, see if I would find you identical with the ideal image of you which had remained with me and perhaps shatter my dream with the aid of reality.-Claude Frollo 
Avery Flynn, Bang|I know for a fact you get all hot and bothered for cocky Texans with big trucks."	"Is that what I like to be big?"	"You know it, darlin'." He dipped his head lower wanting - needing - to touch her.	"You never know. I might just surprise you.
Alison Sweeney|There's something very romantic about self-destruction and sabotaging your life, and taking a hammer to it.
Ally Carter, Uncommon Criminals|...Families are Forever, and wondered if the slogan was meant as a promise or a threat.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must exude a sense of proportional gratitude that humankind’s exquisite texture is composed of a feeling soul and an intelligent will, which people refer to as memory of the heart.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|Miss Mitchell had a lovely voice, it was true, but Miss Mitchell speaking Italian was something celestial. Her ruby mouth opening and closing, the delicate way she almost sang the words, her tongue peeking out to wet her lips from time to time...Professor Emerson had to remind himself to close his mouth after it had dropped open.
Charles Duhigg|If you want to slow medical inflation in the private sector, it makes sense to expand the government's investment in private health care.
James Hillman|I keep my weight low, although you need to be able to move your weight around the race car to change the balance. I'm 6ft and I'm 70kg so I haven't much fat on me.
Brenna Yovanoff, Paper Valentine|Our whole lives, it was like we were always trying so hard to be perfect - for our families and our friends, for each other - when the funny thing was, we didn't have to. In the end, we were better than that.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Prayer is essentially the practice of the presence of God, and that is the road to Heaven. There is no alternative. God is the only game in town. All other roads are dead ends. Since we must give our all to the one true God, we must not give any part to idols, to the many false gods that now bite away at our lives.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|You see, it is my passionately held belief that the right to possess property is at best a contingent one. When disparities become too great, a superior right, that to life, outweighs the right to property. Ergo, the very poor have the right to steal from the very rich.
Henry Moore|Ring out the false, ring in the true.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|Instead of a Dark Lord, you would have a queen, not dark but beautiful and terrible as the dawn! Tempestuous as the sea, and stronger than the foundations of the earth! All shall love me and despair!
A.R.|My recurring desire for you has brought me to a point, where, the life I always imagine I shall have with you, seems like a distant memory.
Emlyn Chand, Honey the Hero|Hey, ants!" she shouted. "Please help. Anteater is very hungry, but cannot find any food.
John C. Wright|We were all serious readers, sitting on wooden chairs at rows of lecterns, turning the pages, united in mutual love of isolation.
Laird Barron, X's For Eyes|...that was the one distinct time in my life, the strangest moment of all, when I didn’t know who I was—I was far away from home, haunted and tired with travel, in a cheap hotel room I’d never seen, hearing the hiss of steam outside, and the creak of the old wood of the hotel, and footsteps upstairs, and all the sad sounds, and I looked at the cracked high ceiling and really didn’t know who I was for about fifteen strange seconds. I wasn’t scared; I was just somebody else, some stranger, and my whole life was a haunted life, the life of a ghost. I was halfway across America, at the dividing line between the East of my youth and the West of my future, and maybe that’s why it happened right there and then, that strange red afternoon.
Sarah Moore Fitzgerald, The Apple Tart of Hope|I don’t remember now who took the photo of us, but I’ve had it in my room for years. We’re leaning out of our windows and we’re laughing at each other with joyfulness purer than anything to do with the polite smiling you get used to doing when you get older. The photo has the kind of proper smiles that happen when you’re looking straight into the face of someone who’s been your best friend for a long time.
Virginia Alison|I have had you in my life for so long, I want to know when the dream ends and the fairy-tale begins...
Rian Prasetia, @sekadar_coretan|bila tanganku tak mampu lagi menyentuhmu, maka biarlah doa menggantikannya
Edgar Rice Burroughs|No fiction is worth reading except for entertainment. If it entertains and is clean, it is good literature, or its kind. If it forms the habit of reading, in people who might not read otherwise, it is the best literature.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Let your resolution and confession be, 'I will change these things because I want to succeed, and I want to succeed because it will bring me the happiness I seek and desire.
Maile Meloy, Both Ways is the Only Way I Want It|She craved a family, not having had enough of one to understand what a pain in the ass it was.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|When we set out on the path, we always have a fairly clear idea of what we hope to find. Women are generally seeking their Soul Mate, and men looking for Power. Neither party is really interested in learning. They simply want to reach the thing they have set as their goal.
Ufuoma Apoki|You look around at the people in your life, one by one, choosing to hold on to the ones who make you stronger and better, and letting go of the ones who don't.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|People attempt to create association b/n you and your values. Oh, Mary- the girl who is caring; you mean the company with quality products?
Christopher Hitchens, The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice|I do not believe one can settle how much we ought to give. I am afraid the only safe rule is to give more than we can spare. In other words, if our expenditure on comforts, luxuries, amusements, etc, is up to the standard common among those with the same income as our own, we are probably giving away too little. If our charities do not at all pinch or hamper us, I should say they are too small. There ought to be things we should like to do and cannot do because our charitable expenditure excludes them.
Kate Angell, Curveball|A good friend will come and bail you out of jail, but a best friend will be sitting next to you saying, 'Damn, that was fun'!
E.B. White, The Trumpet of the Swan|The stronger you become, the lower your voice become.
Tracy Anne Warren, Tempted by His Kiss|But nowadays I feel guilty that I am granted the immunity of the artistically gifted, having never actually achieved anything to prove myself worthy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To attain the wisdom of every season, you must live all the seasons!
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|I’m going to ask you a question,” I said. “And I want an answer this time, no dodging and no playing cryptic. Is the reason you’re leaving because you need to look for Nicholas, or because you want to get away from me?”Daniel looked me square in the eye, unblinking. “The first thing accomplishes the second, now doesn’t it?
Stephen Leacock|When a truth is not given complete freedom, freedom is not complete.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|She was stretched on her back beneath the pear tree soaking in the alto chant of the visiting bees, the gold of the sun and the panting breath of the breeze when the inaudible voice of it all came to her. She saw a dust-bearing bee sink into the sanctum of a bloom; the thousand sister-calyxes arch to meet the love embrace and the ecstatic shiver of the tree from root to tiniest branch creaming in every blossom and frothing with delight.
Dianna Hardy, Broken Lights|I have always enjoyed kissing the girls I've kissed in the past but only because I was attracted to them. It didn't really have anything to do with them in particular.When I kissed all the other girls, I felt pleasure. That's why people enjoy kissing, because it feels good.But when you like to kiss someone because of who she is, the difference isn't found in the pleasure.The difference is found in the pain you feel when you're not kissing her.It doesn't hurt when I'm not kissing any of the other girls I've kissed. It only hurts when I'm not kissing Rachel.Maybe this explains why falling in love is so damn painful.I like kissing you, Rachel.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|This boy wore the ocean in his eyes, green-gray-blue, ever shifting, and I recognized him immediately. Knew before he said another word that he was as dangerous as he was beautiful.
Muhammad Yunus|If you have four years to complete your college education, do it.
Nnedi Okorafor, Akata Witch|Neither (brother) even glaced at the counter. She smiled. Her dumb brothers never cooked. She didn’t think they even knew how! A human being who needs food to live but cannot prepare that food to eat? Pathetic. In this case, it was an advantage. They weren’t interested in any food until it had been cooked for them.
Donald A. Barclay|The librarian of today, and it will be true still more of the librarians of tomorrow, are not fiery dragons interposed between the people and the books. They are useful public servants, who manage libraries in the interest of the public... Many still think that a great reader, or a writer of books, will make an excellent librarian. This is pure fallacy.
Joan of Arc|God works wonders now and then; Behold a lawyer, an honest man.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|The world is changing because we're changing it. And that makes me understand, at least, what kind of person I'd like to be. A person can seek ways, whether big or small, to heal the world. That, to me, is spirituality and one's 'soul.' Not some disembodied eternal wishfulness but a way of being that, most days, I can work on. Life is like walking with a flashlight on a dark night. You can't see your destination, but each step illuminates the next few steps, and, taking one after another, you can get where you need to go. Only now, we'll need to quicken our pace if we are to avoid major upheaval in this century. It's up to us not just as individuals but as citizens of nations and of the world.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|Sitting on couch, lying legs apart Dark dirty naked. Smiling at me, Wicked lazy lusty eyes. I moaned, When saw movement inside his silent, The thick forest of pubic hair.
Barry Estabrook, Tomatoland: How Modern Industrial Agriculture Destroyed Our Most Alluring Fruit|So you, too, like fruitcake? (RW on meeting Lenin in Zurich during World War I.)
Jon Jones|Feeling had controlling influence over those primitive people, not thinking. It played a crucial part in the evolutionary development of modern humans. That’s why we humans are basically an emotional species alongside being the smartest one.
Jennifer Ouellette, The Calculus Diaries: How Math Can Help You Lose Weight, Win in Vegas, and Survive a Zombie Apocalypse|I abandoned the assigned problems in standard calculus textbooks and followed my curiosity. Wherever I happened to be--a Vegas casino, Disneyland, surfing in Hawaii, or sweating on the elliptical in Boesel's Green Microgym--I asked myself, "Where is the calculus in this experience?
Abraham Lincoln|You can fool some of the people all of the time, and all of the people some of the time, but you can not fool all of the people all of the time.
T.R. Wallace|Is killing a known terrorist wrong? I ask this, did the terrorist allow any of his victims quarter? No, then allow him no quarter, and hoist the black flag.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals/Ecce Homo|Where hatred exists, let love be your final thoughts.
John Boehner|The institution of marriage works better when there's a spiritual connection. If you're marrying just for the sake of the woman, then you may lose interest in each other very soon. When we marry in the interest of the Holy Spirit with the intention of serving God and humanity, then it gives a much larger perspective.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Alone meant absolutely no one giving me shit, involving me in shit, or generally being a shit. Alone didn't care what you wore or how many days it'd been since you washed your hair or shaved your pits. Alone accepted you exactly how you were. It never lied to me or let you down. For all of these reasons and more, I loved alone. We'd probably wed.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|People don't care about being duped as long as they're happy, which is the shortest form of happiness; hence 'self-duprication' becomes a habit.
Katrina Kaif|When I started writing 'Diary of a Wimpy Kid,' I was trying to write the type of book you might enjoy, put back on your shelf, and rediscover a few years later. I hope that the book finds its way into the bathroom of every kid in America.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|I suppose this was the first time I had ever felt an urge not to be. Never an urge to die, far less an urge to put an end to myself - simply an urge not to be. This disgusting, hostile and unlovely world was not made for me, nor I for it.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Cranford|My father was a man, and I know the sex pretty well.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When I received Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior, I found the secret of life!
M.L. von Franz|Beneath that arch of unmoved and eternal lights: some, so remote from this little earth that the learned tell us it is doubtful whether their rays have been yet discovered it, as a point in space where anything is suffered or done: the shadows of the night were broad and black.
Daisaku Ikeda, Human Revolution- Volume 2|Lack of wisdom does not make a fool. A fool, in the truest sense, is the man who regards his own misfortunes or those of others as a source of doubt or criticism of the infinite mercy of the Gohonzon.-Josei Toda
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|If someone doesn't value evidence, what evidence are you going to provide to prove that they should value it? If someone doesn’t value logic, what logical argument could you provide to show the importance of logic?
Shannon L. Alder|In proportion as you give the state power to do things for you, you give it power to do things to you.
Tania Goody|Don’t limit yourself by trying to do life alone. God gave you His Spirit to dwell within so that you can get through each day and accomplish what He has called you to do in life. He didn’t give you His Spirit to simply reside within you, but to be this “incredible greatness” that will help you to rise above and press onward to finish the race.
Susan C. Young|A unified team is a force to be reckoned with. When teams pull together to serve a higher purpose, the synergy builds momentum and helps everyone head in the right direction. When people reunite, pull together, have each other’s backs, and strive to achieve a clearly defined purpose, the culture is empowered to produce extraordinary outcomes.
Harry Frankfurt|...God expects every man to be what he claims to be. If we say things we do not believe, and profess things we do not feel, and lay claim to things we do not possess, we are tricksters and deceivers, causing mischief and confusion in the world.
Ann Coulter|Democrats see our voluntary military supported by taxpayer dollars as their personal Salvation Army. Self-interested behavior, such as deploying troops to serve the nation, is considered boorish in Manhattan salons.
Steve Olson|Old-growth forests met no needs. They simply were, in a way that bore no questions about purpose or value. They could not be created by men. They could not even be understood by men. They had too many parts that were interconnected in too many ways. Change one part and everything else would change, but in ways that were unpredictable and often inexplicable. This unpredictability removed such forests from the realm of human perspectives and values. The forest did not need to justify or explain itself. It existed outside of instrumental human considerations.
Aziz Ansari, Modern Romance|So love goes from feeling like I’m doing cocaine to feeling how I feel about my uncle? I don’t want to make companionate love sound like a bummer. It is love, just less intense and more stable. There is still passion, but it’s balanced with trust, stability, and an understanding of each other’s flaws.
Robert Dunbar, Martyrs and Monsters|After all, these were blood drinkers, beings who spoke gently, liked poetry, and yet killed mortals all the time.
Jacques Derrida, On Cosmopolitanism and Forgiveness|These two poles, the unconditional and the conditional, are absolutely heterogeneous, and must remain irreducible to one another. They are nonetheless indissociable: if one wants, and it is necessary, forgiveness to become effective, concrete, historic; if one wants it to arrive, to happen by changing things, it is necessary that this purity engage itself in a series of conditions of all kinds (psychosociological, political, etc.). It is between these two poles, irreconcilable but indissociable, that decisions and responsibilities are to be taken. Yet despite all the confusions which reduce forgiveness to amnesty or to amnesia, to acquittal or prescription, to the work of mourning or some political therapy of reconciliation, in short to some historical ecology, it must never be forgotten, nevertheless, that all of that refers to a certain idea of pure and unconditional forgiveness, without which this discourse would not have the least meaning. What complicates the question of ‘meaning’ is again what I suggested a moment ago: pure and unconditional forgiveness, in order to have its own meaning, must have no ‘meaning’, no finality, even no intelligibility. It is a madness of the impossible.
Graham Greene, The Human Factor|He had opened the book at random several times, seeking a sortes Virgilianae, before he chose the sentences on which his code was to be based. 'You say: I am not free. But I have lifted my hand and let it fall.' It was as if in choosing that passage, he were transmitting a signal of defiance to both the services. The last word of the message, when it was decoded by Boris or another, would read 'goodbye.
Lisa M. Prysock, To Find a Duchess|She is the ocean, gentle, smooth and calm on the surface…I am the fooling diver, braving her deep, dark, dangerous depth…
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Thalia had been turned into a pine tree when she was 12. Me... well, i was doing my best not to follow her example. I had nightmares about what Poseidon might turn me into if i were ever in the verge of death—plankton, maybe. Or a floating patch of kelp.
Lawrence Clark Powell|We are the children of a technological age. We have found streamlined ways of doing much of our routine work. Printing is no longer the only way of reproducing books. Reading them, however, has not changed.
H. P. Lovecraft|When you love someone, the best thing you can offer is your presence. How can you love if you are not there?
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I found myself thinking about President William McKinley, the third American president to be assassinated. He lived for several days after he was shot, and towards the end, his wife started crying and screaming, "I want to go too! I want to go too!" And with his last measure of strength, McKinley turned to her and spoke his last words: "We are all going.
Cedric Nye, Rage and Ruin|Pornography as propaganda, according to feminist analysis, represents women as objects who love to be abused, and teaches men practices of degradation and abuse to carry out upon women.
Linda Bender|Humans and animals regard each other across a gulf of mutual incomprehension. With aliens, that has to go double.
Yakov Smirnoff|I love life. There's so much to learn and see all the time, and nothing nicer for me than to wake up, and the sky is blue.
Sami Abouzid|Oh, I told Once , and I told you Twice , Stay here With me In my Paradise I need you I miss you More and more Each day
Ramana Pemmaraju|Perhaps, the secret in reaching that ever eluding state of personal contentment, lies in finding the balance between not caring too much and not giving a damn.
Gift Gugu Mona|Humanity is when the society is able to care, protect and value one another.
L.A. Kennedy, The Divisions|We want you to tell us about vampires."Simon grinned. "What do you want to know? Scariest is Eli in Let the Right One In, cheesiest is late-era Lestat, most underrated is David Bowie in The Hunger. Sexiest is definitely Drusilla, though if you ask a girl, she'll probably say Damon Salvatore or Edward Cullen. But..." he shrugged, "You know girls."Julie's and Beatriz's eyes were wide. "I didn't think you'd know so many!" Beatriz exclaimed. "Are they... are they your friends?""Oh, sure, Count Dracula and I are like this," Simon said, crossing his fingers to demonstrate. "Also Count Chocula. Oh, and my BFF Count Blintzula. He's a real charmer...." He trailed off as he realized no one else was laughing. In fact, no one seemed to realize he was joking. "They're from TV," he prompted them. "Or, uh, cereal.""What's he talking about?" Julie asked Jon, perfect nose wrinkling up in confusion."Who cares?" Jon said.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
Mae West|I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.
Dave Pirner|Ontologically, chocolate raises profoundly disturbing questions: Does not chocolate offer natural revelation of the goodness of the Creator just as chilies disclose a divine sense of humor? Is the human born with an innate longing for chocolate? Does the notion of chocolate preclude the concept of free will?
Sloane Crosley|I was bought an electric guitar when I was 12, but my guitar teacher beat me up. I didn't like guitar lessons and I got quite bored. My teacher was obviously bored giving me lessons, and one day I offered him a liquorice toffee, but he didn't answer. So I threw it at him, it hit him in the face, and he sort of beat me up.
Swati Kumar, The Great Indian Dilemma|Home, I think. But it's nowhere I can go back to.
Deyth Banger|There's such an intimate kind of beauty in the act of listening to music being created right in front of your eyes, watching the notes fly off the performers' fingertips, the night enveloping you like a blanket. 
Al Álvarez|Suicide may be a declaration of bankruptcy which passes judgement on a life as one long history of failures. But it is a history which also amounts at least to this one decision which, by its very finality, is not wholly a failure. Some kind of minimal freedom — the freedom to die in one's own way and in one's own time — has been salvaged from the wreck of all those unwanted necessities.
Cormac McCarthy|I don't know why I started writing. I don't know why anybody does it. Maybe they're bored, or failures at something else.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Not one of your pertinent ancestors was squashed, devoured, drowned, starved, stranded, stuck fast, untimely wounded, or otherwise deflected from its life's quest of delivering a tiny charge of genetic material to the right partner at the right moment in order to perpetuate the only possible sequence of hereditary combinations that could result -- eventually, astoundingly, and all too briefly -- in you.
Kevin W. Reese|We spend the first half of our lives making ourselves sick, and the second half of our lives trying to make ourselves un-sick.” – Kevin W. Reese
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Why did you tell me it was just a kiss?" she asked, waiting for her voice to break. "I don't even care about that other girl. I mean, I do, but not as much. Why was your first instinct to tell me that what happened between you and me didn't matter? And why should I believe you now when you say that it did? Why should I believe anything you say?
Robert Epstein|Through most of human history, our ancestors had children shortly after puberty, just as the members of all nonhuman species do to this day. Whether we like the idea or not, our young ancestors must have been capable of providing for their offspring, defending their families from predators, cooperating with others, and in most other respects functioning fully as adults. If they couldn't function as adults, their young could not have survived, which would have meant the swift demise of the human race. The fact that we're still here suggests that most young people are probably far more capable than we think they are. Somewhere along the line, we lost sight of – and buried – the potential of our teens.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|But I don’t think I’ve ever known such a natural at Potions!” said Slughorn. “Instinctive, you know — like his mother! I’ve only ever taught a few with this kind of ability, I can tell you that, Sybill — why even Severus —”And to Harry’s horror, Slughorn threw out an arm and seemed to scoop Snape out of thin air toward them.
Geoff Dyer, Another Great Day at Sea: Life Aboard the USS George H.W. Bush|[Mandela] subsequently used words that never left me: 'Because you hold a particular position, doesn't mean that you are more important that anyone else. Your time is not more valuable that anybody else's time. If you are late you show that you have no respect for another person's time and therefore no respect for other people because you consider yourself to be more important.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I missed you, Angel. Not one day went by that I didn't feel you missing from my life. You haunted me to the point that I began to believe Hank had gone back on his oath and killed you. I saw your ghost in everything. I couldn't escape you and I didn't want to. You tortured me, but it was better than losing you.
Tony Benn|I turned to books for comfort. (Former First Lady, Laura Bush)
Eveli Acosta, Peaceful Darkness|Twentyone is too old to go anywhere alone, you know that. I want to go with someone. I don't mean as a bride, I'm not so gauche as that, but as a mistress or paramour or concubine or companion or friend or pal or anything else. I just don't want to be left alone! I want to get out of here!" She said it again for all the wide-faced flowers to hear: "I want to get out of here!
Frithjof Schuon, Light on the Ancient Worlds|There Peter was, looking straight into the very eyes of God, walking the Sea of Galilee and then all of the sudden up to his neck in water. Some would argue he lacked the true believing, I say he had enough faith to go it a ways, and when he couldn't go farther Christ fetched him up.What am I saying? I'm saying that the walk to God ain't easy for the best of us. Now some would say, Preacher, if Peter had misdoubts there in the very glory of the Lord, what of us left here that ain't seen the dead raised nor the leper folk healed. All we seen is hard trial and sorrows. I'd not deny it.Burdens are plenty in this world and they can pull us down in the lamentation. But the good Lord knows we need to see at least the hem of the robe of glory, and we do. Ponder a pretty sunset or the dogwoods all ablossom. Every time you see such it's the hem of the robe of glory. Brothers and sister, how do you expect to see what you don't seek?Some claim heaven has streets of gold and all such things, but I hold a different notion. When we’re there, we’ll say to the angels, why, a lot of heaven’s glory was in the place we come from. And you know what them angels will say? They’ll say yes, pilgrim, and how often did you notice? What did you seek?
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|You have to learn the difference between a man’s looks, and how fine he shoots. They’ve never been one and the same.
Kate Atkinson, Behind the Scenes at the Museum|But I know nothing; my future is a wide-open vista, leading to an unknown country - The Rest Of My Life.
Franz Kafka, The Trial|To stupid or what???I really don't get it... why do you agree always!?Don't you have an opinion... so far I have onion with prefix "Op" and what somehow from nowhere a prefix and suffix I build a word called itself an a "opinion"...
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn, only to live. Live, only to learn.
Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow|Oh I must pass nothing byWithout loving it much,The raindrop try with my lips,The grass with my touch;For how can I be sureI shall see againThe world on the first of MayShining after the rain?
Andrew Motion|Thanks partly to the kind of poets that we now have and partly to funding, there's been a gigantic shift in the way poetry is perceived... Poems on the Underground, poets in schools, football clubs, zoos.
Malak El Halabi|-Do you want me to leave?-Yes-Do you want me to stay?-Yes-Do you love me?-Yes-Do you want me?-No-Then leave me-I can't-Then stay with me-I can't, I can't, I can't*Equation of a fucked up relationship
Namkhai Norbu, Dzogchen: The Self-Perfected State|If a man wanted to put the entire universe in his breast, he couldn't do it with his chest stuck out.
Amanda  Carlson, Ante Up|The moment this is over, you're mind," Diesel all but groaned, keeping his eyes on the road so he wouldn't pull over and take her right there."No, wolf, you're mine."the look on his face went immediately from lust to yearning."That's right," she said with a sigh. "We're going to finish what we started. And then do it all over again.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|Finding a soulmate is an easy adventure, but the difficult part admist the game is finding your kind of person.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|You can’t buy time, Nick. Ever. It’s the only thing in life you can’t get most of, and it’s the one thing that will mercilessly tear you up when it’s gone. It takes no pity on no soul and no heart.
Marie Lu, Legend|It’s you,” he whispers. There is wonder in his voice. “Is it?” I whisper back, my voice trembling with all the emotions I’ve kept hidden for so long
Steve Maraboli|One of life's great challenges is getting out of your own way after a divorce or breakup... Heartache and anger make you feel like enemies, but your children need you to be a team. Unfortunately, few rise to this challenge, and the children pay an emotional debt they did not incur.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Oh, my sweet summer child," Old Nan said quietly, "what do you know of fear?Fear is for the winter, my little lord, when the snows fall a hundred feetdeep and the ice wind comes howling out of the north. Fear is for the longnight, when the sun hides its face for years at a time, and little childrenare born and live and die all in darkness while the direwolves grow gaunt andhungry, and the white walkers move through the woods
Ernst Jünger, Sturm|Today words like 'persevere' and 'hero’s death' had been so ceaselessly bandied about that they had long since acquired an ironic sound—at least wherever there was actual fighting. . . . Once, before an attack, Sturm had heard an old sergeant say the following: 'Kids, we’re going over there now to gobble up the Englishmen’s rations.' It was the best battle address that he had ever heard. That was surely something good in the war—that it destroyed glorious-sounding phrases. Concepts that hung fleshless in the void were overcome by laughter.
Alan Bradley|But then I was young, and to be young means to undertake to demolish the world and to have the gall to wish to erect a new and better one in its place.
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|The basis of all animal rights should be the Golden Rule: we should treat them as we would wish them to treat us, were any other species in our dominant position
Anna Funder|The cynic sees only cynicism, the depressive can taint creation with one glance
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is only ONE Saviour, Jesus Christ.
Barbara Kingsolver, Prodigal Summer|I lost a child," she said, meeting Lusa's eyes directly. "I thought I wouldn't live through it. But you do. You learn to love the place somebody leaves behind for you.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Comforts from Romans: Celebrating the Gospel One Day at a Time|You can seek out good fortune, authority (power), and even a righteous life-partner...and find them all. But when all of this is gone...which it will be eventually, I wish you Peace, which is only found through Christ our Lord.
Frances Rodman|Generally speaking, I resolve to change my life on average maybe thirty to forty times a week, usually at about two a.m, drunk, ore early the next morning, hungover.
Sri Chinmoy|Not by blaming the world, not by shunning the world, but only be loving the world can I have peace of mind
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|The dogs left with us and we walked. I sobbed the whole way home, still heartbroken. My mom had no time for my whining.“Why are you crying?!”“Because Fufi loves another boy.”“So? Why would that hurt you? It didn’t cost you anything. Fufi’s here. She still loves you. She’s still your dog. So get over it.”Fufi was my first heartbreak. No one has ever betrayed me more than Fufi. It was a valuable lesson to me. The hard thing was understanding that Fufi wasn’t cheating on me with another boy. She was merely living her life to the fullest. Until I knew that she was going out on her own during the day, her other relationship hadn’t affected me at all. Fufi had no malicious intent.I believed that Fufi was my dog, but of course that wasn’t true. Fufi was a dog. I was a boy. We got along well. She happened to live in my house. That experience shaped what I’ve felt about relationships for the rest of my life: You do not own the thing that you love. I was lucky to learn that lesson at such a young age. I have so many friends who still, as adults, wrestle with feelings of betrayal. They’ll come to me angry and crying and talking about how they’ve been cheated on and lied to, and I feel for them. I understand what they’re going through. I sit with them and buy them a drink and I say, “Friend, let me tell you the story of Fufi.
Liang Wengen|Technology investment drove growth in the 1990s, both directly and by fueling a rising stock market that led to increased consumer spending.
Steve Maraboli|When I was young I couldn't string two words together in his presence. I would merely nod and shake my head. Though on a fortunate day, I could force out monosyllabic answers. Tonight, everything suddenly changed.
Georgette Heyer, The Talisman Ring|Them Frenchies!’ ‘Unchristian, that’s what I call ’em,’ responded Mr. Stubbs severely. ‘I fair compassionate that wench.
Tove Jansson|Christmas always rustled. It rustled every time, mysteriously, with silver and gold paper, tissue paper and a rich abundance of shiny paper, decorating and hiding everything and giving a feeling of reckless extravagance.
George Orwell|The massive heart wrenching barbaric violations and battles among the international states or even the Big Powers, megalomania ,‘ folie de grandeur’,and even the UN Peace keeping forces lead us only to understand of the meager contribution to the subject of IHL
Elizabeth Hand, Waking the Moon|If the retreat house was a trap, it was a very nice one.
Morton Feldman, Give My Regards to Eighth Street: Collected Writings|Art in relation to life is nothing more than a glove turned inside out. It seems to have the same shapes and contours, but it can never be used for the same purpose. Art teaches nothing about life, just as life teaches us nothing about art.
Julia Glass, Three Junes|True love should not have to lie, cheat, or steal. The best kind of love finds you when you need it most.
Lake Bell|You have to keep hobbies in L.A. Otherwise, it's sad.
Douglas Brinkley|We know that childhood and adolescence are the most crucial times for environmental stimuli to affect breast cancer risk, but changes made during adulthood and even after diagnosis still have the potential to create positive changes in the body.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A book is the only true land of the free: within its borders, anything is possible
prixie|Single is not a status, it is a word that describes a person who is strong enough to live and enjoy life without depending on others.
Richard Preston|Experiments suggest that if one particle of Ebola enters a person's bloodstream, it can cause a fatal infection. This may explain why many of the medical workers who came down with Ebola couldn't remember making any mistakes that might have exposed them.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wallpaper and Other Stories|I thought... I thought you might..." "Help you? By my grove, I am helping you. You're not starving anymore, are you? <…> You had a dry night's sleep, too, and you're no longer coughing your liver and lights out. Some might count those as mighty gifts indeed.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|... I regularly frequent St. George';s, Hanover Square, during the genteel marriage season; and though I have never seen the bridegroom's male friends give way to tears, or the beadles and officiating clergy in any way affected, yet it is not at all uncommon to see women who are not in the least concerned in the operations going on -- old ladies who are long past marrying, stout middle-aged females with plenty of sons and daughters, let alone pretty young creatures in pink bonnets, who are on their promotion, and may naturally taken an interest in the ceremony -- I say it is quite common to see the women present piping, sobbing, sniffling; hiding their little faces in their little useless pocket-handkerchiefs; and heaving, old and young, with emotion.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|It's all about being in control of myself as an older woman who lives alone, and it's all about how I am going to do what I have to do to be as strong as I can be and be confident that I can do what I need to do as an older person. [p. 62]
Ernesto Che Guevara, The Motorcycle Diaries: Notes on a Latin American Journey|All night, after the exhausting games of canasta, we would look over the immense sea, full of white-flecked and green reflections, the two of us leaning side by side on the railing, each of us far away, flying in his own aircraft to the stratospheric regions of his own dreams. There we understood that our vocation, our true vocation, was to move for eternity along the roads and seas of the world. Always curious, looking into everything that came before our eyes, sniffing out each corner but only ever faintly--not setting down roots in any land or staying long enough to see the substratum of things the outer limits would suffice.
Jack Nicklaus|I put so much pressure on myself to be perfect. Between homework and sports and drama and being social, I slept about four hours a night through high school and college.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven King|Wanting to live, but accepting death to save others: that was courage.
Carl Sagan|Sides, i don't like the posed pics.They're not the real person.They're a reflection of what the person wants the world to think of her-not what she really is.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|When I think of talking, it is of course with a woman. For talking at its best being an inspiration, it wants a corresponding divine quality of receptiveness, and where will you find this but in a woman?
Jennie Bates Bozic, Damselfly|To be a devil isn't so bad; to be a devil that can still see beauty, still remember what it was like to be in the sight of the most holy, now that was an obscenity, and that was what I was.
Geoffrey Chaucer|All the problems of the world could be settled easily if men were only willing to think. The trouble is that men very often resort to all sorts of devices in order not to think, because thinking is such hard work.
Lisa Renee Jones|She had been expecting me and was ready. She gave a long slow soundless headshake, merciful only in being inarticulate. This mercy didn't prevent its hurling at me the largest finest coldest 'Never!' I had yet, in the course of a life that had known denials, had to take full in the face. I took it and was aware that with the hard blow the tears had come into my eyes. So for a while we sat and looked at each other; after which I slowly rose. I was wondering if some day she would accept me; but this was not what I brought out. I said as I smoothed my hat: 'I know what to think then. It's nothing!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My priority is not about grades. I yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.
Habeeb Akande|It is better to tell the truth and face the punishment, than to lie and face the consequences.
Wally Lamb, We Are Water|At 30 a man should know himself like the palm of his hand, know the exact number of his defects and qualities, know how far he can go, foretell his failures - be what he is. And, above all, accept these things.
Viorica Dragotel|While looking into the mirror, you are saying to yourself: I am the best. Your own reflection makes you forget the only presence in the mirror.
Arnold Arre, After Eden|Dear Prince, I must leave you, but I will never forget you, and next spring I will bring you back two beautiful jewels in place of those you have given away. The ruby shall be redder than a red rose, and the sapphire shall be as blue as the great sea.
Zoe Forward, His Witch to Keep|He'd been born into duty. As a demigod descendant, a death reaper, his first commitment was to serve the god of the underworld. Hades, as a conduit to usher evil souls to hell.
Cassandra    King, The Same Sweet Girls' Guide to Life: Advice from a Failed Southern Belle|Mother’s Day is coming up soon. If you’re lucky enough to still have your mother, tell her you’re grateful to her […] at some point, we must forgive each other for being flawed human beings. Many of us have trouble putting love or gratitude into words, but keep in mind that out actions always reveal our feelings. Always.
Beth Ann Fennelly, Great with Child: Letters to a Young Mother|When sharing your news, you might come across some disgruntled parent-folk. You know, the kind who snort and say ruefully, "If there's anyplace you want to travel to, go now." Don't let them squelch your joy, dear K: these are the kind of people who never went anywhere before they had babies either.
John duover, Rites|We were not actually famous, I have to add. People were just drunk.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|By believing in an imaginary invisible supernatural entity, humans may become good citizens. But this is not religion. This is merely an illusion of religion.
Syed Nouman Zaidi|!!!.. "That" happiness most of us searched for (and we thought it’s about getting a person but it) was never about getting a person, we started perceiving that “person” as our life goal and we thought all we have to do in life is to get this person in any case, when this spell of short term madness of happiness ends we realizes that what we actually needed was only a helpmate towards achieving our life mission...!!!
Michelene Wandor|We learn courageous action by going forward whenever fear urges us back. A little boy was asked how he learned to skate. "By getting up every time I fell down " he answered.
Terri F. Williams, Momma's Love|I know when my life is over my writings will live on, perhaps in a story or maybe a sweet love song. You see, I do not write for glory or to get anything for free. I just sit down and I write, because it makes so much sense to me.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Jan could not recall ever seeing a creature more beautiful, though there nagged somewhere at the back of his mind the notion that she ought to have seemed hideous. Why? For she was pure, admirably pure, without a twinge of conscience or shame.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|We all have skeletons in our closets, but if you see someone who still loves you despite knowing about them, then that person is a true friend.
Robert G. Ingersoll|The doctrine of eternal punishment is in perfect harmony with the savagery of the men who made the orthodox creeds. It is in harmony with torture, with flaying alive, and with burnings. The men who burned their fellow-men for a moment, believed that God would burn his enemies forever.
Michael Bennet|My time at the Denver Public Schools taught me there is no harder, or more important, job than being a teacher.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Your imaginary friend isn’t the problem, Amanda. The problem is that you don’t seem to have any real friends.
Tabitha Robin|...if there really is some day discovered a formula for all our desires and caprices - that is, an explanation of what they depend upon, by what laws they arise, how they develop, what they are aiming at in one case and in another and so on, that is a real mathematical formula - then, most likely, man will at once cease to feel desire, indeed, he will be certain to. For who would want to choose by rule? Besides, he will at once be transformed from a human being into an organ-stop or something of that sort; for what is a man without desires, without freewill and without choice, if not a stop in an organ?
Malak El Halabi|Good times are a reminder and a reward for dealing with the difficult and challenging times we all go through. The trick is to celebrate the good times in advance of the difficult times. Always remember, good times await you after the difficult times pass….
Debasish Mridha|Not the reality, but your thoughts define your destiny.
James A. Baldwin|I don't believe we have a professional self Monday through Friday and a real self the rest of the time. It is all professional, and it is all personal.
Neil Diamond, Neil Diamond - 12 Greatest Hits Volume 2|I am," I saidTo no one thereAn no one heard at allNot even the chair"I am," I cried"I am," said IAnd I am lost, and I can't even say whyLeavin' me lonely still
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Kiss|Apparently, dancing for him and throwing herself at him weren't enough. Apparently, she had to nearly commit murder to arouse him enough to attack her.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Dr. Enoch Ngo'ma, said, "Your spiritual battle that has nothing to define your capabilities. May the favour of the Lord overshadow you at this time.
Scott Kaelen, Moses Garrett|Tiago had heard of what some called the 'human database' or 'omnilogos', but nothing could have prepared him for this.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Be conscious of the global elements in your dreams. When starting local, dream of taking it global sooner.
Tom DeLonge|My family lived off the land and summer evening meals featured baked stuffed tomatoes, potato salad, corn on the cob, fresh shelled peas and homemade ice cream with strawberries from our garden. With no air conditioning in those days, the cool porch was the center of our universe after the scorching days.
Kat Unda|she seemed happy, though perhaps a bit desperately so
Lemony Snicket, The Wide Window|I close my eyes at his intimate touch. It’s a slow movement, not one meant to seduce. It’s one to show how much he loves me, and I flatten my lips, fighting the urge to cry. Noah nudges me toward him and if it wasn’t for his hold, I’d drop like a house of 
David Richo, Daring to Trust: Opening Ourselves to Real Love and Intimacy|The more invested I am in my own ideas about reality, the more those experiences will feel like victimizations rather than the ups and downs of relating. Actually, I believe that the less I conceptualize things that way, the more likely it is that people will want to stay by me, because they will not feel burdened, consciously or unconsciously, by my projections, judgments, entitlements, or unrealistic expectations.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|What God says about you is what matters, than what others may think of you.
Prabhukrishna M|The forces of desire that sway man's mind are the forces that will eventually destroy him, while a singular love that roots his heart makes him invincible
Arvo Part|I've been designing since I was 8. I started sketching dresses I could wear when skating. I was always involved in all aspects of skating, not just the technique, the choreography, the music, but the visual aspects, too - what I should wear.
Henry Cloud|Affronts to her reputation pierced her to the heart, though I couldn’t understand why, since she had very little character left to defend.
Harold Bloom|The late Tom Wicker's biography of Nixon, called 'One of Us,' is really quite good: you see the biographer discovering dimensions of sympathy for his subject that he hadn't expected to feel.
Saru Singhal|For rock solid friendship, never lie to your friends.
David F. Wells, No Place for Truth: or Whatever Happened to Evangelical Theology?|Evangelicals now stand among those who are on easiest terms with the world, for they have lost their capacity for dissent.
Oswald Chambers|Of all the judgments we pass in life, none is more important than the judgment we pass on ourselves.
Daniel Goleman|All of the biggest technological inventions created by man - the airplane, the automobile, the computer - says little about his intelligence, but speaks volumes about his laziness.
Ruth Reichl, Garlic and Sapphires: The Secret Life of a Critic in Disguise|If I can't suck your milkshake through a straw, it's not a milkshake--it's a glass of ice cream.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Instead I take the lead, Tobias silent at my side, and though he does not touch me, he steadies me.
Tara Sim, Timekeeper|Danny had never been so aware for anyone else in his life. Everything shrank from a universe to a pinpoint, every turn of the earth dependent on his next breath, each touch lingering until those eyes found his. Colton pressed a hand to Danny’s chest and laid his mouth gently against his. Danny wasn’t prepared for it—the reminder that Colton was not like him, that his palms were smooth and free of flaws, that his wrist showed no veins, that his mouth tasted of copper and of sweet clean air. He was a boy of air and dust and sunlight. Everything that had gone into the making of the world.
A.G. Howard, RoseBlood|Ironically, the first time he played it, he experienced his first dream vision with his own ‘flame jumelle’, Rune – and saved her from drowning. Thereafter he decided that must be the magic the instrument held: the ability to bring two souls together when they needed each other the most.
Max Weinberg|Silent pictures show us how we lived and what our attitudes were. And as an art form, they can be wonderfully entertaining and often inspirational.
Rose Wynters, Phase One: Identify|He would have died soon, but more painfully. Anyway, it was Urban Bloodshed Limitation. First rule: limit bloodshed by making sure that none of your own gets spilled.
Dian Fossey|As for my diet, I try to eat lean, clean and healthy - nothing too surprising. And I avoid too much meat or dairy because they slow you down.
Greg Gutfeld|In the old days feminists would mock women who depended so much on a man. Today if the man is the government, not so much. A man who opens the door for you is a Neanderthal; a bureaucrat who pays for your pills? A hero.
Aaron Riches, Ecce Homo: On the Divine Unity of Christ|The specific sufferings of Jesus do not amount to redemption: rather, redemption is wrought through the uniqueness of the person who suffered and the perfect charity for which, in which and by which he suffered. The uniqueness of the suffering of Christ, then, lies in the pro knobs, which is bound to the freedom through which the Son endures “every human suffering” on account of love. To say that Jesus endured “every human suffering” does not mean that he specifically suffered every thing that every person ever did or could suffer, but the he “sums up” in this Passion the suffering so fate world, mystically including them in his own suffering and recapitulating them in the form of perfect love. The whole weight of this psychological and physical dereliction of humanity is, in Christ, suffered and sorrowed now within God himself, in the sense that the human sufferings of Christ are “one” with the divine filial relation that constitutes his unity with the Father.
Ernest Istook|If faith is lost, there is no security and there is no life for him who does not adhere to religion.
Louisa May Alcott|I rather miss my wild girl; but if I get a strong, helpful, tender-hearted woman in her place, I shall feel quite satisfied.
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|Let whoever wants to, relax in the south,And bask in the garden of paradise.Here is the essence of northand it's autumnI've chosen as this year's friend.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|When we are at peace within our marriage, the effects can be astounding! We will raise happier children, become better employees, and overall find the joy in life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If giving up is to fail, then to hell with give up!
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|Some journeys don't have endings, they lead to new beginnings. These are the journeys that lead to great adventures!
Spuds Crawford|Some of the best friends you'll ever meet in your life, you'll meet though your children--mothers and fathers of their friends, parents from school. You'll see. That's the way it was for Bill and me. It's one of the many gifts of parenting.
Sinclair Lewis, Kingsblood Royal|Oh, quit it! You're the possessor of a beautiful wife, a beautiful gas-stove, and you were going to forget all this race-hysteria.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Perspective makes all the difference. It’s not what you look at; it’s what you see… Remember that the sun never actually sets; it's our perspective that makes it appear to. Our sunset is another’s sunrise. It's all perspective. How would your life be different if you applied this truth to the things that cause you stress? Letting go isn’t about erasing the past; it’s about looking at the same event and seeing something different. Activate this power in your life! Take the pain and poison of the past and allow it to nourish a new found wisdom. Remember, you can't change the past, but you can change the labels you place on events. Perspective - it’s not what you look at; it’s what you see.
Peter Swanson|It isn't about being fair and equal. It's about the difference between right and wrong." He stared out at the bloody Elinarch. "And this was wrong.
Natalie Cole|My life is black and white and mixed. My mother's a Rastafarian, my dad was a short white guy - it's not an affectation. It's also the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Watch your time; keep your eyes on your talents. Set your goals and move into action. You owe the world an birth of success; Go, begin to labour for it now!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Here is a very simple strategy of life: When the train arrives at the station, be at the station!
Dianna Hardy, Broken Lights|Everything that matters hurts, until it doesn't matter anymore.
Robin Williams|When I was a young girl, I lost a lot of weight over one summer - involuntarily - and was just really depressed and sad. There was nothing I could do to gain weight. I would look in the mirror and call myself disgusting every day.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The best way to pray is to open the Bible and pray Scripture back to the Lord, claiming His promises and asking that He strengthen and guide [us] in obeying His Word.
Edna Stewart, The Call of the Christmas Pecan Tree|Judge righteously between every man and his brother, and the stranger that is with him. Ye shall not respect persons in judgement; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be afraid of the face of man; for the judgement is God's.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|This easy acceptance of an opaque limit to our speculative insight; this satisfaction with a Being whose character we simply apprehend without comprehending anything more about him, and with whom after a certain point our dealings can be only of a volitional and emotional sort; above all, this sitting down contended with a blank unmediated dualism - are they not the very picture of unfaithfulness to the rights and duties of our theoretic reasons?
Hunter S. Thompson, Kingdom of Fear: Loathsome Secrets of a Star-Crossed Child in the Final Days of the American Century|Look, the job of life is to turn your negatives into positives
Bryan Fields, Life With a Fire-Breathing Girlfriend|In the space of a breath he had crossed the distance separating them and spun her around into a vise grip from behind. Somehow, the gun was out of her hand and in his. He locked her arms between them and raised the gun to her temple. His voice resonated low and dangerous at her ear. “Just so we’re very clear. If I want to kill you, I can kill you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you don’t do what you love, you will never love what you do. And if you don’t love whatever you do, you are likely to be worried anytime a duty is assigned to you concerning that.
Kim Jong-un|What is happiness? Happiness, I think, has to come in the beginning, truly, from feeling a sense of well-being within yourself.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|The maxim, "Nothing prevails but perfection," may be spelled PARALYSIS.
Lillie Langtry|As a leader, these attributes - confidence, perseverance, work ethic and good sense - are all things I look for in people. I also try to lead by example and create an environment where good questions and good ideas can come from anyone.
D.H. Lawrence|When one is grown up, money is lying about at one's service. It is only when one is young that it is rare. Take no thought for money - that always lies to hand.(Women in Love)
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|I looked at her, exhausted in the hospital bed, and she looked at you, and you looked at me looking at her with eyes that had never known anything else, and for a moment there I swear we saw each other with a clarity that nothing can alter, not time, not heartbreak, not death.
Sri Mulyani Indrawati|When you are through changing, you are through.
R.P. Falconer|Never step on caterpillars, as one day, they'll become butterflies and you'll never know when you'll need a ride on its wings of fortune.
Paul Theroux|All that really matters is I have two beautiful kids, and I'm trying to be the best dad I can possibly be, and that's the most important thing of all.
Anuj Bajaj, The Millennium City Hermit|Gravity keeps your body down from flying high. On the other hand, nothing can keep you down from outperforming yourself and from continually growing to become excellent.
Michael P. Anderson|Life science research can be done on multiple platforms. Since we have a very small number of people flying into space, the more people you have, the better.
Jim George, The Remarkable Prayers of the Bible: Transforming Power for Your Life Today|The more you pray, the more you are stating your desire to live your life by God’s standards.
Tom   King|It’s so the stories go that the Ginen tell. If you find a beautiful fairmaid swimming in the river, her fish tail flashing; if you follow her down into her water home with her, she will make the water like air so you can breathe. But then she’ll ask you, playful, You eat salt, or you eat fresh? And if you say salt, she will let you go back home, but if you say fresh …“It’s my business,” he said. Pouted. Looked at the ground.If you only eat unsalted food, fresh food, we believe you make Lasirèn vexed, for salt is the creatures of the sea, and good for the Ginen to eat, but fresh—fresh is the flesh of Lasirèn, and if you eat that, it’s pride. You’re trying to make yourself as one of the lwas. Makandal never eats salt. He, a living man, giving himself powers like a lwa. That’s why he couldn’t hear the voice of the lwas.
Esther Hicks|If you knew your potential to feel good, you would ask no one to be different so that you can feel good. You would free yourself of all of that cumbersome impossibility of needing to control the world, or control your mate, or control your child. You are the only one who creates your reality. For no one else can think for you, no one else can do it. It is only you, every bit of it you.
Jacques Maritain, Christianity And Democracy|It is not enough for a population or a section of the population to have Christian faith and be docile to the ministers of religion in order to be in a position properly to judge political matters. If this population has no political experience, no taste for seeing clearly for itself nor a tradition of initiative and critical judgment, its position with respect to politics grows more complicated, for nothing is easier for political counterfeiters than to exploit good principles for purposes of deception, and nothing is more disastrous than good principles badly applied. And moreover nothing is easier for human weakness than to merge religion with prejudices of race, family or class, collective hatreds, passions of a clan and political phantoms which compensate for the rigors of individual discipline in a pious but insufficiently purified soul. Politics deal with matters and interests of the world and they depend upon passions natural to man and upon reason. But the point I wish to make here is that without goodness, love and charity, all that is best in us—even divine faith, but passions and reason much more so—turns in our hands to an unhappy use. The point is that right political experience cannot develop in people unless passions and reason are oriented by a solid basis of collective virtues, by faith and honor and thirst for justice. The point is that, without the evangelical instinct and the spiritual potential of a living Christianity, political judgment and political experience are ill protected against the illusions of selfishness and fear; without courage, compassion for mankind and the spirit of sacrifice, the ever-thwarted advance toward an historical ideal of generosity and fraternity is not conceivable.
Phoolan Devi, The Bandit Queen of India: An Indian Woman's Amazing Journey from Peasant to International Legend|Before I was married, I thought the sound of bangles jangling on my forearms would be delightful. I looked forward to being able to wear bells around my ankles and silver necklaces around my neck, but not any more, not since I had learned what they represented for the man who gave them. A necklace was no prettier than a piece of of rope that ties a goat to a tree, depriving it of freedom.
Marty Rubin|One is free, and at the mercy of everything.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|Malin listened to Wickramanayake's gossip dispassionately. He did not accept Wickramanayake's opinion that it was the influence of Western customs and attitudes that prompted Savulugala, in his straitened economic circumstances, to allow his wife to befriend and exploit wealthy men. There were poor people in both town and village who exploited even their daughters to get money. Did these poor parents degrade themselves because they were enslaved by Western culture? It was the prevailing economic and social order that brought them to this.
Eric Avery|I use computers for email, staying current with my own website as well as finding important information through other websites. I also use it for creating MP3 files of new music I'm working on.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Sometimes, if you get too close to a subject you can miss what’s most important.
Rachel Ferguson|Awkward.That's exactly how it was when we walked over to our sister and stood on each side of her, looking at her and feeling things and not knowing what to do.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|My pa maintained that there are three important parts to a man. You got the heart, the brain, and the python.
Vince Cable|The primary requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite. Without this, it is impossible to accumulate, within the allotted span, enough experience of eating to have anything worth setting down.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|The same Sermon on the Mount that influenced Tolstoy to write “The Kingdom of God is Within You”, inspired me to a great extent in my work “Principia Humanitas”.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Within your ego mind there is a prison cell. Its bars are made of resentment and the door is hung on the hinges of disappointment and unfulfilled expectations. It is a cell, or so you imagine, for those you have not yet forgiven. This prison cell only lacks one thing—a lock for the door. And so youmust hold the door shut by force of will—expending tremendous energy to hold the door shut— energy that would otherwise be used to cultivate joy, creativity, and passion.
Kerry Washington|The truth doesn't change. It was the same when Moses got the Ten Commandments as it is today. That's the thing about the truth. That's the thing about real. It doesn't change and it doesn't have to change. Now you can put it in a different book, but it's still real. It's still the truth.
Ulysses S. Grant|I love history, doesn't matter what era, I'm fascinated.
Kristen Ashley, Law Man|Mara,” his arms gave me a squeeze, “baby, you’ve got to live in the now. Not in your head. Not controlled by your fears. You can’t live for what might happen five months in the future. You got issues you gotta face today. You gotta deal with them now. You got two kids who count on you and their lives aren’t gonna go perfect every day because you weigh every decision you make and tread cautiously. Those options are no longer available to you. You’re gonna have to live day to day and make decisions on the fly. And I’m tellin’ you I’m here to help. You need it and they need it. Are you honestly gonna say no?
Aaron Denius Garcia|The Irish way of telling a story is a complex and elaborate one, complete with wild exaggerations, a certain delight in improbable fantasy, and a heightened sense of drama.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Better Associations:If you associate yourself with a change maker,Your life will by all means become better.You will wink at challenges and begin to think.In times of frustrations, you will not sink.If you miss the way to a great destination,Just look for those going to that direction.Mount the shoulders of a giant believerAnd you will become a great achiever.People around you determine your speed.They will influence the growth of your seed.People you are around will decide your strengthAnd also the figure of your success’ lengthI trust you want to become a better you.It matters, what your associates plan to do.It depends, where your companions want to go.It relies on what your friends believe and know.Quit friendships that build you nothingChoose friends who bring out of you somethingOne iron sharpens another ironGo along with great people and ride on.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|What I feel now doesn't matter at all? But at what point am I entitled to say to myself, what I am feeling now is valid? After all, Anna-' Here Tommy turned to face her: 'one can't go through one's whole life in phases. There must be a goal somewhere.' His eyes gleamed out hatred; and it was with difficulty that Anna said: 'If you're suggesting that I've reached a goal, and I'm judging you from some superior point, then it's not true.''Phases,' he insisted. 'Stages. Growing pains.''But I think that's how women see-people. Certainly their own children. In the first place, there's always been nine months of not knowing whether the baby would be a girl or a boy. Sometimes I wonder what Janet would have been like if she'd been born a boy. Don't you see! And then babies go through one stage after another, and then they are children. When a woman looks at a child she sees all the things he's been at the same time. When I look at Janet sometimes I see her as a small baby and I feel her inside my belly and I see her as various sizes of small girl, all at the same time.' Tommy's stare was accusing and sarcastic, but she persisted: 'That's how women see things. Everything in a sort of continuous creative stream-well, isn't it natural we should?
David J. Greer, Wind In Your Sails|If the people in an organization think the company is small, they will act that way. If they think the company is big, they will act that way.
Terry Moore, Rachel Rising, Volume 3: Cemetery Songs|The Church was the one institution whose mission depended on galvanizing attention; and through its daily and weekly offices, as well as its sometimes central role in education, that is exactly what it managed to do. At the dawn of the attention industries, then, religion was still, in a very real sense, the incumbent operation, the only large-scale human endeavor designed to capture attention and use it.
Antony Sher|With faith and courage, generations of Armenians have overcome great suffering and proudly preserved their culture, traditions, and religion and have told the story of the genocide to an often indifferent world.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|If the UN and other international multilateral institutions are sending troops and weaponry, now they must begin to fund training and leadership development at the same levels. The new war must start with the quality of beliefs and dreams that are planted into the hearts and minds of school children at a personal level and permeate the driving philosophies of entire societies and communities.
honeya|If you can identify humor in problems then you will have less difficulties in solving them... Most importantly, "you should be able to laugh on yourself".
Kurt Vonnegut|My father was a professor of folklore, and my mother was a teacher until she was married. I had a good relationship with them, and the only argument we had was when I went to university and wanted to go into the theater instead of studying to be a lawyer.
Darrell Calkins|In terms of achieving what I call “being in the right place at the right time,” one has to know balance. Not from the outside as an observer, but from the inside out. For every individual, that requires creating a successful balanced interface between what one is compelled by and the essential principles of nature, which we comprehend through our intuitive conscience. Those are our clues to the mystery. When one gets it right, there it is.
Katerina Kostaki, Cosmic Light|On Love and Happiness:When someone embarks on his research, if he ever makes it, (there is, in addition, a contingency that he/she will never embark on it), then he sails on a journey, a course that incubates various events.It's like opening a precious gift that hides myriads of secrets. Nobody acknowledges its content unless he attempts to inspect it.Happiness is not always dominated by heavenly chances, blue and green seashores of euphoria and pink clouds of serenity. Happiness does not dwell in luxurious mansions and expensive cars neither in glamorous appearances.Many times Unhappiness and loneliness lurk behind the ledges of luxury and surface brightness.There are so many examples around us, in newspapers, magazines, television and radio of people who are plunged in uncertainty, grief and insecurity.I wonder why this is.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|What turns you on, tunes you in, and lights your fire?
Joseph G. Peterson, Wanted: Elevator Man|Several died the day the bomb was dropped. Some lived six months after the explosion but died anyway. They were all lost. It was so long ago, young man. To you it is a history story. To me it is my life.
Jay Bee|If you wear a big smile on your face and a really nice shoes on your feet, chances are that most people will like you.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|There is no need for arms, physical violence, material constraints. Just a gaze. An inspecting gaze, a gaze that each individual under its weight will end by [internalising] to the point that they are their own overseer, each individual thus exercising surveillance over, and against themself.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|Damn it all, MacMurrough, are you telling me you are an unspeakable of the Oscar Wilde sort?’‘If you mean am I Irish, the answer is yes.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|At that moment my shyness and anxiety all flooded back and I took a few steps back, and then sank to the ground; crouching, overwhelmed, covering my face. ‘What will he think? What if he already hates me? Maybe I was wrong in the first place? Maybe he didn’t like me at all.’ No matter how much I tried, I wasn’t able to produce a single positive thought to counter my panic. I wasn’t able to take a deep breath and relax. This day had been too eventful. I began to shake furiously, afraid of what was to come. ‘He hates me! He hates me!’ I thought over and over. Hot tears began to fall down my cheeks and I squeezed my eyes trying to stop them. My breathing quickened. What was I doing? I had said what I wanted, proudly, trying to be something to him but here I was: a total mess.‘What kind of a confession ends in a panic attack? GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF!’ I thought furiously, my efforts rewarded with futility. The world started to spin, my mouth becoming numb for reasons I couldn’t understand, almost as if to prevent me from panicking aloud. As if I had the friggin’ courage.
Chris Messina|I want a guy I can go hiking with, who wants to do outdoorsy stuff. It's so much fun to be out in nature and who better to do that with than the person you're dating?
Simon Winchester|The best thing I've learned is, if you're going out, never go out alone - you leave yourself vulnerable. If you've got someone else there you trust, they can say, be wary of that person. I probably used to be too trusting of people.
Lara Biyuts|Isn't it fun to work— or don't you ever do it? It's especially fun when your kind of work is the thing you'd rather do more than anything else in the world. I've been writing as fast as my pen would go every day this summer, and my only quarrel with life is that the days aren't long enough to write all the beautiful and valuable and entertaining thoughts I'm thinking. I've finished the second draft of my book and am going to begin the third tomorrow morning at half-past seven. It's the sweetest book you ever saw— it is, truly. I think of nothing else. I can barely wait in the morning to dress and eat before beginning; then I write and write and write till suddenly I'm so tired that I'm limp all over.
Patrick Hamilton, The Slaves of Solitude|The administration, whether it is small or large, it is, as a company or a state, it is with uniform or not. If the ignorant, immoral, loose-lips, uncultured and without etiquette, opportunistic, liar, mentality vain, dishonest and unfair people are there, I am just sure of it that the destination is the destruction, chaos, slavery and hatred.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As inside of every seed is the power to rise from darkness, inside of everyone is the power to rise from adversity.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Much of the study of history is a matter of comparison, of relating what was happening in one area to what was happening elsewhere, and what had happened in the past. To view a period in isolation is to miss whatever message it has to offer.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|But he was no longer in Tollygunge. He had stepped out of it as he had stepped so many mornings out of his dreams, its reality and its particular logic rendered meaningless in the light of day. The difference was so extreme that he could not accommodate the two places together in his mind. In this enormous new country, there seemed to be nowhere for the old to reside. There was nothing to link them; he was the sole link. Here life ceased to obstruct or assault him. Here was a place where humanity was not always pushing, rushing, running as if with a fire at its back
Albert Camus, The Fall|I have to admit it humbly, mon cher compatriote, I was always bursting with vanity. I, I, I is the refrain of my whole life, which could be heard in everything I said. I could never talk without boasting, especially if I did so with that shattering discretion that was my specialty. It is quite true that I always lived free and powerful. I simply felt released in the regard to all the for the excellent reason that I recognized no equals. I always considered myself more intelligent than everyone else, as I’ve told you, but also more sensitive and more skillful, a crack shot, an incomparable driver, a better lover. Even in the fields in which it was easy for me to verify my inferiority–like tennis, for instance, in which I was but a passable partner–it was hard for me not to think that, with a little time and practice, I would surpass the best players. I admitted only superiorities in me and this explained my good will and serenity. When I was concerned with others, I was so out of pure condescension, in utter freedom, and all the credit went to me: my self-esteem would go up a degree.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Her life was a series of zigzags. At nineteen, she was anxious.
Robert Neil Fleischer, Alien Biography|To belong somewhere. That was something much more important than belonging to someone. Now, he used to think to himself that maybe he took too serious that 'mission' of belonging somewhere.
Michael Ennis, The Malice of Fortune|In war, bullets; in love, deceptions kill us.
Emily March, Miracle Road|She had blue eyes, but his were BLUE. Not just one shade of blue, either, but a swirl of shades that reminded her of the stretch of ocean between Bella Vita Isle and Nassau where the turquoise waters fell into a deep, fathomless blue.
Mattie Stepanek|Sometimes my body wakes me up and says 'Hey, you haven't had pain in a while. How about pain?' And sometimes I can't breathe, and that's hard to live with. But I still celebrate life and don't give up.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Tell me not in mournful numbers,Life is but an empty dream!For the soul is dead that slumbers,And things are not what they seem.
Madeleine L'Engle|Life says: " Write down your experiences in a notebook, not on a blackboard. Don't start with a clean slate, but with a new page, so you can look back.
Diablo Cody|Standing at my door, I heard the discharge of a gun, and in four or five seconds of time, after the discharge, the small shot came rattling about me, one or two of which struck the house; which plainly demonstrates that the velocity of sound is greater than that of a cannon bullet.
William S. Burroughs, With William Burroughs: A Report From The Bunker|History respects revolutions; and yet, if a revolution is progressive, support it; if it is reactionary, resist it!
Joss Whedon|That girl will rain destruction down on you and your ship. She is an albatross, Captain. Way I remember it, albatross was a ship's good luck, 'til some idiot killed it. (to Inara) Yes, I've read a poem. Try not to faint.
Melissa Broder, So Sad Today: Personal Essays|In this moment I resolve to kiss my husband with an open mouth forever. I want to freeze him the way I see him in this instant: dark eyebrows, sexy, sleepy hair and sleepy eyes. But we can't freeze the way that we see the people we love, as much as we would wish. I know that I will kiss my husband with a closed mouth again, at some point. I know that I will even kiss him with a closed heart. I pray for our love. I pray that even if I kiss my husband with a closed heart, my heart opens again to him. When I desire my husband. I am grateful to desire my husband. What can we hope for in a marriage but to keep seeing things anew? With the people we love, it is so easy to stop seeing them at all.
Suzanne Collins|I am Cinna's bird, ignited, flying frantically to escape something inescapable. The feathers of flame that grow from my body. Beating my wings only fans the blaze. I consume myself, but to no end.Finally, my wings begin to falter, I lose height, and gravity pulls me into a foamy sea the color of Finnick's eyes. I float on my back, which continues to burn beneath the water, but the agony quiets to pain. When I am adrift and unable to navigate, that's when they come. The dead.The ones I loved fly as birds in the open sky above me. Soaring, weaving, calling to me to join them. I want so badly to follow them, but the seawater saturates my wings, making it impossible to lift them. The ones I hated have taken to the water, horrible scaled things that tear my salty flesh with needle teeth. Biting again and again. Dragging me beneath the surface.The small white bird tinged in pink dives down, buries her claws in my chest, and tries to keep me afloat."No, Katniss! No! You can't go!"But the ones I hated are winning, and if she clings to me, she'll be lost as well. "Prim, let go!" And finally she does.
Pythagoras|Complete strangers can stand silent next to each other in an elevator and not even look each other in the eye. But at a concert, those same strangers could find themselves dancing and singing together like best friends. That's the power of music.
Ane Krstevska|We’ve all made mistakes, we all have struggles, and we‘ve done things we don’t even want to remember. All these things are in the past, but you are here NOW with the power to shape your day and your future.
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|Olympus is still a patriarchy. Zeus heads his royal household as jealously as Jehovah rules his harem of dull, harp-playing angels. Both are templates for order on earth, don’t you think?
George Bernard Shaw, Dramatic opinions and essays|In the West, of course, God has been dead for some time. What remains is religion as social belief, which is at best a moral code and at worst social etiquette.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|I have placed my faith in humanity, but faith in the universal becomes meaningless without faith in the individual. – Panchali Draupadi
David Harvey, The Enigma of Capital and the Crises of Capitalism|Give me a one-handed Economist. All my economists say 'on hand...', then 'but on the other...
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|If it is necessary sometimes to lie to others, it is always despicable to lie to oneself.
Mary J. Blige|The children who are 'our future' will inherit a world created not just by parental devotion but by the sort of zealous, focused endeavors that can preclude good parenting.
George Orwell, 1984|And when at last you find someone to whom you feel you can pour out your soul, you stop in shock at the words you utter— they are so rusty, so ugly, so meaningless and feeble from being kept in the small cramped dark inside you so long.
Jeff Sessions|If women are not accorded equal place in the leadership of the Catholic Church and the other great world religions, they will always be treated as inferiors in earthly matters as well.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|...at seventeen I tried to write poetry confining myself solely to Anglo-Saxon words - don't know if it helped, but it made me more concrete ...
Carl Sagan|I look up at the night sky, and I know that, yes, we are part of this Universe, we are in this Universe, but perhaps more important than both of those facts is that the Universe is in us. When I reflect on that fact, I look up—many people feel small, because they’re small and the Universe is big, but I feel big, because my atoms came from those stars.
John Mackey|Political folk talk a lot these days about 'messaging' - a neologism designed to describe the way in which parties and politicians consciously characterize their efforts. It is only intended to be positive - i.e., 'Our messaging is designed to show we care.'
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|Life is most transfixing when you are awake to diversity, not only of ethnicity, ability, gender, belief, and sexuality but also of age and experience. The worst mistake anyone can make is to perceive anyone else as lesser.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|Climbing has taught me many lessons, one of the most important being, just how ever-present death is. Having faced death a few times now while climbing, has made me realize that I have no fear of it.
Pearl Abraham, The Romance Reader|The monkish vows keep us far from that sink of vice that is the female body, but often they bring us close to other errors. Can I finally hide from myself the fact that even today my old age is still stirred by the noonday demon when my eyes, in choir, happen to linger on the beardless face of a novice, pure and fresh as a maiden's?
J. Matthew Nespoli|In a dazzling vote of confidence for form over substance, our culture fawns over the fleetingness of being “in love” while discounting the importance of loving. (206)
Shannon L. Alder|The best of who you are is not from who you have in your life, rather who they helped you become because they loved you.
Debra Ollivier, What French Women Know  About Love, Sex and Other Matters of the Heart and Mind|Mankind being originally equals in the order of creation, the equality could only be destroyed by some subsequent circumstance; the distinctions of rich, and poor, may in a great measure be accounted for, and that without having recourse to the harsh, ill-sounding names of oppression and avarice.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Women scheme when they are weak, they lie out of fear. Men scheme when they are strong, they lie out of arrogance.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them. But the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?During the life of any heart this line keeps changing place; sometimes it is squeezed one way by exuberant evil and sometimes it shifts to allow enough space for good to flourish. One and the same human being is, at various ages, under various circumstances, a totally different human being. At times he is close to being a devil, at times to sainthood. But his name doesn't change, and to that name we ascribe the whole lot, good and evil.Socrates taught us: 'Know thyself!
H.B. Ida|When lion saddled for hunt, he outfitted by bow and arrow to guard himself
Richard Dreyfuss|I guess by taking lessons early on, and really trying to play all the rudimentary stuff, and try to have it sound as good as my teacher. It took a lot of practice, which I enjoyed, and still do.
Margot   Page|First memory: a man at the back door is saying, I have real bad news, sweat is dripping off his face, Garbert's been shot, noise from my mother, I run to her room behind her, I'm jumping on the canopied bed while she cries, she's pulling out drawers looking for a handkerchief, Now, he's all right, the man say, they think, patting her shoulder, I'm jumping higher, I'm not allowed, they think he saved old man Mayes, the bed slats dislodge and the mattress collapses. My mother lunges for me.Many traveled to Reidsville for the event, but my family did not witness Willis Barnes's electrocution, From kindergarten through high school, Donette, the murderer's daughter, was in my class. We played together at recess. Sometimes she'd spit on me.
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|When your children are teenagers, it's important to have a dog so that someone in the house is happy to see you.
Kristen Henderson, Of My Maiden Smoking|The thing about trends is that they change over time, but who you are is forever
Richard Blackmore|Social and digital media is a bullet train, and that bullet train is not coming home.
Veronica White|When the world has changed and the rivers run dry ad the forests grow brown will we realize that we don't run the world. We must understand that Nature is what helped us into this beautiful planet, so we must help her in return.
Pope Benedict XVI, Light of the World: The Pope, the Church, and the Signs of the Times - A Conversation with Peter Seewald|Today we have to learn all over again that love for the sinner and love for the person who has been harmed are correctly balanced if I punish the sinner in the form that is possible and appropriate. In this respect there was in the past a change of mentality, in which the law and the need for punishment were obscured. Ultimately this also narrowed the concept of law, which in fact is not only just being nice or courteous, but is found in the truth. And another component of the truth is that I must punish the one who has sinned against real love
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|Marie, let’s suppose that two firemen go into a forest to put out a small fire. Afterwards, when they emerge and go over to a stream, the face of one is all smeared with black, while the other man’s face is completely clean. My question is this: which of the two will wash his face? That’s a silly question. The one with the dirty face of course.’ No, the one with the dirty face will look at the other man and assume that he looks like him. And, vice versa, the man with the clean face will see his colleague covered in grime and say to himself: I must be dirty too. I’d better have a wash.’ What are you trying to say?’ I’m saying that, during the time I spent in the hospital, I came to realize that I was always looking for myself in the women I loved. I looked at their lovely, clean faces and saw myself reflected in them. They, on the other hand, looked at me and saw the dirt on my face and, however intelligent or self-confident they were, they ended up seeing themselves reflected in me thinking that they were worse than they were. Please, don’t let that happen to you.
Gabriel Josipovici, Migrations|We live in that grave, in those clothes, in the pressure between nothing and everything, we live by perpetual movement from place to place but we want oh we so much want to escape to say it all to come home at last to the right place our rightful place our rightful space. As if that was possible.
Marc Chagall|If you wished to be loved, love.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|A great woe underpinning the sorrows of the world today is this: so many people think they are far better than others and they are too righteous than others, and they know far better than others, and such thoughts give them reasons for an otherwise action!
Pope John Paul II|Even philosophers will praise war as ennobling mankind, forgetting the Greek who said: 'War is bad in that it begets more evil than it kills.'
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|The Bible said, as Chris quoted one memorable day, there was a time foreverything. I figured my time for happiness was just ahead, waitingfor me.
Damon Galgut, In a Strange Room|Don't use your past as an excuse, excuse your excuses and take action now!!!
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|Fifth grade was fourth grade with something wrong. Nothing changed outright. Instead it teetered. You'd pushed futility at Public School 38 so long by then you expected the building itself would be embarrassed and quit. The ones who couldn't read still couldn't, the teachers were teaching the same thing for the fifth time now and refusing to meet your eyes, some kids had been left back twice and were the size of janitors. The place was a cage for growing, nothing else. School lunch turned out to be the five-year-plan, the going concern. You couldn't be left back from fish sticks and sloppy joes. You'd retain at the least two thousand half-pint containers of vitamin D-enriched chocolate milk.Two black guys from the projects, twins, were actually named Ronald and Donald MacDonald. The twins themselves only shrugged, couldn't be made to agree it was incredible.
Amish Tripathi, The Oath of the Vayuputras|I am praetor of the legion," Reyna said. "I judge this to be in the best interest of Rome." "To get yourself killed? To break our oldest laws and travel to the Ancient Lands? How will you even find their ship, assuming you survive the journey?" [Octavian]"I will find them," Reyna said.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|They said that love was terrifying and tender, wild and sweet, and none of it made any sense.But now I knew that every mad word was true.
Céleste Albaret, Monsieur Proust|He wanted to know all about me and my family and especially my childhood.'That's where everything starts', he'd say. 'Both heaven and hell.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|You can follow the religions where God is small,or you can follow the religions where God is all.
David Foster Wallace|Some girls, deserves to have you treat her like a princess everyday, just like you always do to me." - Maisie Preston
DMX|The straight line belongs to men, the curved one to God.
Sebastian Cole, Sand Dollar: A Story of Undying Love|She walked with a ghost of herself, one full of potential and possibility. One who was fearless. Where had that girl gone?
Simone Milasas, Getting Out of Debt Joyfully|It's not about judging you, it's about changing your point of view.
Diana Gabaldon|I thought the force of my wanting must wake ye, surely. And then ye did come. . ." He stopped, looking at me with eyes gone soft and dark. "Christ, Claire, ye were so beautiful, there on the stair, wi' your hair down and the shadow of your body with the light behind ye…." He shook his head slowly. "I did think I should die, if I didna have ye," he said softly. "Just then.
It's a Wonderful Life|Instead of protesting and cursing others because they write "X-Mas" instead of "Christmas"; try being Christmas. Live Christmas. Breathe Christmas. Act Christmas. Speak Christmas. Reflect Christmas. Listen and feel ChristmasChrist doesn't care how you write Christmas; he cares how you live Christmas all year long.
Cecil Baldwin|Remember: if you see something, say nothing, and drink to forget.
Michelle Falkoff, Playlist for the Dead|People are going to say a lot of things. And some of it will be helpful, and some of it will be annoying, and lots of it will get on your nerves. But they're saying it because they found it helpful when they lost someone. They mean well.
Patrick Somerville, The Universe in Miniature in Miniature|It would be better alone, anything is better alone but I don't think I can handle it alone.
Dean Ornish|May you be ordinary, as the poet once wished the new-born baby.
Frank Abagnale|It's always good to see the world; always good to see new places. When I'm sitting at home, one of the great things is when my daughter and I watch TV, and when she sees or hears about a place for the first time, I tell her, 'Daddy's been there!'
J.A. Belfield, Darkness & Light|My name's Sean, Jem. I'm Sean.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|If you have ever wanted to serve god, go on and serve him. Don't wait to be authorized by anybody. He is not copyrighted
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Lament for a Son|But we all suffer. For we all prize and love; and in this present existence of ours, prizing and loving yield suffering. Love in our world is suffering love. Some do not suffer much, though, for they do not love much. Suffering is for the loving. This, said Jesus, is the command of the Holy One: "You shall love your neighbor as yourself." In commanding us to love, God invites us to suffer.
Gillian Duce|A smile is a light within you being turned on, it can illuminate the path for you and others.
Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell|That infinite and indescribable good which is there above races as swiftly to love as a ray of light to a bright body.It gives of itself according to the ardor it finds, so that as charity spreads farther the eternal good increases upon it,and the more souls there are who love, up there, the more there are to love well, and the more love they reflect to each other, as in a mirror.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you guide others out of the dark, you are a star, even if no one knows your name.
Yusuf Al-Qaradawi, Uṣūl al Fiqh al Islāmī: Source Methodology in Islamic Jurisprudence|As to the 'Left' I'll say briefly why this was the finish for me. Here is American society, attacked under open skies in broad daylight by the most reactionary and vicious force in the contemporary world, a force which treats Afghans and Algerians and Egyptians far worse than it has yet been able to treat us. The vaunted CIA and FBI are asleep, at best. The working-class heroes move, without orders and at risk to their lives, to fill the moral and political vacuum. The moral idiots, meanwhile, like Falwell and Robertson and Rabbi Lapin, announce that this clerical aggression is a punishment for our secularism. And the governments of Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, hitherto considered allies on our 'national security' calculus, prove to be the most friendly to the Taliban and Al Qaeda.Here was a time for the Left to demand a top-to-bottom house-cleaning of the state and of our covert alliances, a full inquiry into the origins of the defeat, and a resolute declaration in favor of a fight to the end for secular and humanist values: a fight which would make friends of the democratic and secular forces in the Muslim world. And instead, the near-majority of 'Left' intellectuals started sounding like Falwell, and bleating that the main problem was Bush's legitimacy. So I don't even muster a hollow laugh when this pathetic faction says that I, and not they, are in bed with the forces of reaction.
Anne Bishop, Queen of the Darkness|He raised his arm to strike me. At that very moment, [my daughter] Meiping's cat, Fluffy, came through the kitchen door, jumped on the man's leg from behind, and sank his teeth into the flesh of the man's calf.
Matthew Kelly, The Seven Levels of Intimacy: The Art of Loving and the Joy of Being Loved|The best posture you can adopt when pursuing your goals is neither to stand nor sit. The best position is to STANDOUT! Everyone may be sitting; but don't sit! Many people may be standing; but don't just stand. When you stand, be outstanding!
Plautus|When I was straight, I had the courage and energy to become an actress. I owe my career to my will to stop using.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Her eyes, full of ancient, sacred wisdom. Her bones, deposits of inherited bravery. She is a proud descendant of strong, courageous women who went to the stakes fighting for their truths.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Quietly trying to manifest what you want doesn’t work, being a bitch does.
Harrish Sairaman|A friend gives me an abusive word and a stranger does the same!!!! Huge difference, coz what matters is WHO said IT!!!!!
Meg Haston, Paperweight|But every time I near sleep, I'm scared shitless. Because the memories are coming faster now, pouring through me, as if I've broken the handle on the faucet. They are coming, no matter how much is hurts. And all I can do is hold my breath and try not to drown.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|They say “Dream Big” ,but the real concept Nothing Impossible.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|These people walk by a widow deformed by leprosy...walk by children dressed in rags living in the street, and they think, 'Business as usual.' But if they perceive a slight against God, it is a different story. Their faces go red, their chests heave mightily, they sputter angry words. The degree of their indignation is astonishing. Their resolve is frightening.
Shelley Hendrix, On Purpose for a Purpose|Oh Harry," [Gwen] said. "I wish I were a different kind of person."What kind of person, he wanted to know."Someone," she said slowly, "who truly loves life."He was still looking at her, still cradling his glasses in his left hand. He said, "You're the kind of person who never stops trying.
Brittany Oldroyd, Segolia: Daughter of Prophecy|A dragon for a familiar!" Trom exclaimed."That's what I said to her or close to it anyway," the dragon said."You're supposed to be helping me make you my familiar," I said to the dragon."Yeah, I know; I meant for that to sound better than it did," the dragon replied.
Noel DeJesus|War is progress, peace is stagnation
Abdulrazak Gurnah, By the Sea|I speak to maps. And sometimes they something back to me. This is not as strange as it sounds, nor is it an unheard of thing. Before maps, the world was limitless. It was maps that gave it shape and made it seem like territory, like something that could be possessed, not just laid waste and plundered. Maps made places on the edges of the imagination seem graspable and placable.
Ashly Lorenzana|People accuse me of falling in love easily. It just means that I'm able to see the beauty in most of the people who cross paths with me and I appreciate it for what it is and also for what it isn't. Love is imperfect. Falling for someone's flaws is just as necessary as falling for their strengths. And people like myself, who fall into love easily, are sometimes the loneliest souls around at the end of the day.
Patti Digh, Life Is a Verb: 37 Days to Wake Up, Be Mindful, and Live Intentionally|Instead of a book, what if we're actually writing (or not writing) in the margins of our lives? What if our lives are books? What is the sign of our presence? Are we pressing into the margins our interpretations and questions? Are we circling offending verbs and drawing furious arrows to the margin where we scrawl "irony," "frustration," "voiceless," "unfair!" Or do we simply turn the pages, passively receiving what's given, furiously disagreeing but remaining silent about it?
James     Baldwin|A good work ethic is not so much a concern for hard work but rather one for responsibility. There have been a great many men and women who have in fact used work or hustle or selfish ambition as an escape from real responsibility, an escape from purpose. In matters such as these, the hard worker is just as dysfunctional as the sloth.
Daniel James Brown, The Indifferent Stars Above: The Harrowing Saga of a Donner Party Bride|...heroes are sometimes the most ordinary -seeming people. It reminds us that as ordinary as we might be, we can, if we choose, take the harder road, walk forth bravely under the indifferent stars. We can hazard the ravages of chance. We can choose to endure what seems unendurable, and thereby open up the possibility of prevailing. We can awaken to the world as it is, and seeing it with eyes wide open, we can nevertheless embrace hope rather than despair.
Fiona Wood, Cloudwish|Van Uoc felt the stab of a sad truth: she and her mother would never be as close as her mother and grandmother had been.Her mother got up, stretched her tidy, graceful frame and headed for the kitchen. Van Uoc wanted to be able to offer her some comfort, but what could she say? Her mother was right. The two of them represented an irreconcilable cultural split. Distance between them was inevitable.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|The past never went away and it was not designed to do so. It would always be there, and it should be acknowledged.
Kishore Bansal|Like color, every SOUND is composed of many different frequenciesand can be used to clear, balance and refresh the field in which youfound yourself, or on which you are working.
Kellie Elmore, Jagged Little Pieces|You're surrounded by people and voices and noises, but there you are, alone and trembling inside. And you want to be invisible. (thinking) Please, don't notice me.
Channing Tatum|In my movies, I'm not trying to erase any old image of myself, really. And also I'm not trying to imitate anyone or follow in their footsteps, because I know, Burt Reynolds was just one of the people that told me this, I know how you can only last in this business if you got something special to offer, just by being yourself.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Without pain, without sacrifice we would have nothing. Like the first monkey shot into space.
Jaleigh Johnson, The Secrets of Solace|My journey was not over, it was just beginning.
Jack Thanatos, The Gods of Chaos: Netherworld|We all need our heroes, not just in time of chaos but also in the time of peace.
Rick Riordan|Grover was sniffing the wind, looking nervous. He fished out his acorns and threw them into the sand, then played his pipes. They rearranged themselves in a pattern that made no sense to me, but Grover looked concerned. "That's us," he said. "Those five nuts right there." "Which one is me?" I asked. "The little deformed one," Zoe suggested. "Oh, shut up.
Abraham Lincoln|Republicans are for both the man and the dollar, but in case of conflict the man before the dollar.
Paulo Coelho|I don't regret my painful times, i bare my scars as if they were medals. I know that freedom has a high price, as high as that of slavery; the only difference is that you pay with pleasure and a smile, even when that that smile dimmed by tears
Jack Johnson|The curse of the romantic is a greed for dreams, an intensity of expectation that, in the end, diminishes the reality.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|For the listener, who listens in the snow, / And, nothing himself, beholds /Nothing that is not there and the nothing that is.
Dominic Riccitello|I, too, was fiercely independent and thought I could make two equal four.
Luvvie Ajayi, I'm Judging You: The Do-Better Manual|Soon after Justine Sacco's shaming, I was talking with a friend, a journalist, who told me he had so many jokes, little observations, potentially risqué thoughts, that he wouldn't dare to post online anymore.'I suddenly feel with social media like I'm tiptoeing around an unpredictable, angry, unbalanced parent who might strike out at any moment,' he said. 'It's horrible.'He didn't want me to name him, he said, in case it sparked something off.We see ourselves as nonconformist, but I think all of this is creating a more conformist, conservative age.'Look!' we're saying. 'WE'RE normal! THIS is the average!'We are defining the boundaries of normality by tearing apart the people outside of it.
JohnA Passaro|Life is like a train ride. The passengers on the train are seemingly going to the same destination as you, but based on their belief in you or their belief that the train will get them to their desired destination they will stay on the ride or they will get off somewhere during the trip. People can and will get off at any stop. Just know that where people get off is more of an reflection on them, than it is on you. There will be a few people in your life that will make the whole trip with you, who believe in you, accept that you are human and that mistakes will be made along the way, and that you will get to your desired destination - together, no matter what. Be very grateful of these people.They are rare and when you find one, don't let go of them - ever. Be blessed for the ones who get on at the worst stops when no one is there. Remember those people, they are special. Always hold them dear to your heart. Be very wary of people sneaking on at certain stops when things are going good and acting like they have been there for the whole ride. For they will be the first to depart. There will be ones who secretly try to get off the ride and there will be those that very publicly will jump off. Don't pay any heed to the defectors. Pay heed to the passengers that are still on the trip. They are the important ones. If someone tries to get back on the train - don't be angry or hold a grudge, let them. Just see where they are around the next hard turn. If they are buckled in - accept them. If they are pulling the hand rail alarm again - then let them off the train freely and waste no space in your head for them again, ever. There will be times that the train will be moving slow, at almost a crawls pace. Appreciate that you can take in the view. There will be times where the train is going so fast that everything is a blur. Enjoy the sense of speed in your life, as it is exhilarating but unsustainable. There will also be the chance that the train derails. If that does happen, it will hurt, a lot, for a long time. But there will be people who will appear out of no where who will get you back on track. Those will be the people that will matter most in your life. Love them forever. For you can never repay these people. The thing is, that even if you could repay them, they wouldn't accept it anyway. Just pay it forward. Eventually your train will get to its final stop and you will need to deboard.At that time you will realize that life is about the journey AND the destination. Know and have faith that at the end of your ride your train will have the right passengers on board and all the passengers that were on board at one time or another were there for a distinct purpose. Enjoy the ride.
Debasish Mridha|In any situation, the ability to see true beauty gives you true freedom.
H.W. Brands|To live a life of excellence, you will have to take risks. You will have to step into new territory and climb new mountains. If you’re up to something that’s as big as you are, it’s going to be scary. If it feels perfectly safe, you are probably underachieving. To leave your mark in the world, you will have to stand someplace you’ve never been willing to stand before. And you will have to have the courage to aspire to excellence. To create an extraordinary life you will have to be present in each moment and give 100 percent of yourself. You will have to commit each day to being the best you can be, and aspire to perform your daily tasks in the most conscious way possible. Living your best year requires you to take a moment each time you’re about to make a move—whether you are about to deliver a communication, make a decision, or put something into your body—and make sure that move reflects the very highest choice you could make. 
Charles M. Sheldon, In His Steps|Somehow I get puzzled when I see so many Christians living in luxury and singing 'Jesus, I my cross have taken, all to leave and follow Thee,' and remember how my wife died in a tenement in New York City, gasping for air and asking God to take the little girl too. Of course I don't expect you people can prevent every one from dying of starvation, lack of proper nourishment and tenement air, but what does following Jesus mean?
Lydia Zinovieva-Annibal, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|There’s this misconception that artists should create their own mythologies, through how they live. Not true. They should create their own mythologies through their work. In whatever styles, textures and approaches they choose to use.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Himmlisch ist's wenn ich bezwungen Meine irdische Begier; Aber doch wenn's nich gelungen Hatt' ich auch recht huebsch Plaisir!Loosely translated:It is heavenly, when I overcomeMy earthly desiresBut nevertheless, when I'm not successful,It can also be quite pleasurable.
Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night... you were crying over spilt ink screaming "the words, the what could have been beautiful words.
Gena Showalter, A Mad Zombie Party|Lipstick?" He arched a brow."I'm on the hunt for my perfect shade," I respond, de
Michael Jordan|My attitude is that if you push me towards something that you think is a weakness, then I will turn that perceived weakness into a strength.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|Several centuries ago it was believed that the fly agaric, combined with the bufotenin–containing mucus of toads, was an ingredient of witches' brews, which made flying on their broomsticks possible. Even Santa Claus and Father Christmas are connected to Fly Agaric and their reindeer, which, by the way, like their portion of fly agarics and 'living' water.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|I've a need for knowing what potion you mixed with these, lass." The rich baritone of his voice washed over her with a mesmerizing quality. She liked the sound. A lot. 'Twas deep and majestic, the kind of voice a body would never tire of hearing....Apparently we have company. We shall finish this conversation anon.""I highly doubt that we will," she retorted. "My brother has arrived to accuse me of witchcraft and arrest me. Unless you are available for hire as my protector, this conversation is quite finished."Instead of appearing shocked, the stranger's eyes took on a twinkle. "Is that so? Most damsels in your distressed shoes would be either weeping or swooning by now. Instead you offer me employment. I'll admit I am fascinated by your offer.
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|I've hardly taken any pictures on this trip. Melanie teased me about it, to which I always said I preferred to experience something rather than obsessively record it. Though, really, the truth of it was, unlike Melanie (who wanted to remember the shoe salesman and the mime and the cute waiter and all the other people on the tour), none of that really mattered to me. At the start of the trip, I took shots of the sights. The Colosseum. Belvedere Palace. Mozart Square. But I stopped. They never came out very well, and you could get postcards of these things.But there are no postcards of this. Of life.
Carl W. Bazil|Raw love, like raw heart-ache, could blindside you.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Remember to leave enough room in your life for those who would help you reach the mountain top, those who believe in you and those who show you the greatness in you when it’s hard to see it for yourself.
G.S. Jennsen, Restless|It was a subversive notion, the idea that she was free. Free to choose where to go and what to do with her time.
Jimmy Chin|No one in this world, so far as I know - and I have searched the records for years, and employed agents to help me - has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people.
John Lewis|I count religion but a childish toy, and hold there is no sin but ignorance.
Yaganesh Derasari|When the weakness of human soul conflict with writer's word , It will create self History.
E.E. Cummings|Trust your heart if the seas catch fire, live by love though the stars walk backward.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Buried Giant|Seen from Earth, a comet is a prodigy, coming out of the void for no reason, returning to the void for no reason. They call it unpredictable because they cannot predict it. From the comet’s own point of view, nothing could be simpler. It starts in the outer darkness, aims directly at the sun, and never stops till it gets there. Everything else spins in its same orbit forever. The comet heads for the source. They call it crooked because it is too straight. They call it unpredictable because it is too fixed. They call it chaotic because it is too linear.
Alan K. Simpson|I can read in any book and newspaper about the city of Detroit, but I want to hear what the people in Detroit have to say about Detroit. My best education is actually talking to people.
Brandon Mull, Rise of the Evening Star|Chana knows, I wondered sometimes how I raised that child without strangling her. By age six, [Jasnah] was pointing out my logical fallacies as I tried to get her to go to bed on time.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Battery Park resonates with lust as the sun approaches its zenith. A primal impulse takes hold of the young couples strolling the gravel walkways, the newlyweds who have paused to admire DeModica’s bronze bull, the truant teens laid out on the cool grass. Maybe because all flesh tantalizes in the early summer, in the right light, or because, at this time of year, there is more flesh exposed, midriffs, cleavage, inner thighs, the park is suddenly transformed into a dynamo of panting and groping. This desire is not the tender affection of evening, the wistful intimacy of the twilight’s last gleam. It is raw, concupiscent hunger.
Chloe Asher, Daydreamer|The accusation raises my hackles. “Why? Because I’m a player?” Indignation makesmy tone harsher than I intend for it to be. “Have you ever thought that maybe it’sbecause I haven’t met the right girl yet? But no, I couldn’t possibly want someone tocuddle with andwatch movies with, someone who wears my jersey and cheers for meat games, and cooks dinner with me the way you and Garrett—
Rebecca Solnit, Storming the Gates of Paradise: Landscapes for Politics|The desire to go home that is a desire to be whole, to know where you are, to be the point of intersection of all the lines drawn through all the stars, to be the constellation-maker and the center of the world, that center called love. To awaken from sleep, to rest from awakening, to tame the animal, to let the soul go wild, to shelter in darkness and blaze with light, to cease to speak and be perfectly understood.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Like a necktie or a bouquet of flowers, an idea was best if one did not fuss with it too much
Jagdish Joghee, The Colour of Love: Trumpets and bugles, there was music all over...|Love is a feeling that must be felt from the heart and seen through inner beauty. Only if this was known to the youth, many a marriages would have blossomed with age and cherished through decades. Just like a plant that needs the sun, water and more time to grow into a beautiful tree with lovely leaves and flowers, love needs time to be nurtured over time, built on a strong foundation of friendship, trust and honesty. When this foundation is built and combined with the feeling that tickles you from within, that is when love actually happens, the rest is all infatuation, attraction or even lust.
Anna Godbersen, Envy|He was a mystery to her, and every time she tried to solve him it caused her a little more pain. But when she tired to give him up he pursued her in her thoughts, stronger each time.
|Whatever it is that may happen in your life, never stop pushing ahead; success still remains your true destiny on earth.
Mereda Hart Farynyk, Daughter of the Rain|He often said that knowledge is the brightest jewel in a queen’s crown. And if my mother was about, she would never fail to add, ‘when tempered by wisdom. Knowledge without comprehension is worse than ignorance.
Colin Ward, Anarchy in Action|While the popular understanding of anarchism is of a violent, anti-State movement, anarchism is a much more subtle and nuanced tradition then a simple opposition to government power. Anarchists oppose the idea that power and domination are necessary for society, and instead advocate more co-operative, anti-hierarchical forms of social, political and economic organisation.
Ron Kind|I think Democrats are right. We fight for the American dream, for the environment, for privacy rights, a woman's right to choose, a good public education system.
Anastacia Oaikhena|Conformity is a problem for many small groups. Members put a higher priority on cohesion than on coming up with a well-reasoned choice. They pressure dissenters, shield themselves from negative feedback, keep silent when they disagree ...
Carrie Hope Fletcher, All I Know Now: Wonderings and Reflections on Growing Up Gracefully|Pursuing dreams can be daunting. It feels like you're standing on the edge of a cliff staring at your dream as it sits on a cloud, floating out in the open air, and all you need to do is take that leap to see if you'll fall or if you'll fly.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|The first thing that came to mind was an angel. Her hair flowing and shiny. Her legs dangling, long and smooth. She looked perfect where she was, like a painting.And then I remembered that Satan was also an angel.
Shawn Woods, I Was a Mistake: Another Type of Abuse|Social class. Class remains our national awkward topic, usually mumbled over in academic diversity workshops; indeed, most people don't know how to talk about class without automatically coupling it with race. That's because we Americans are loath to recognize that the sky's-the-limit potential we take as our birthright comes at a price far beyond what many Americans--of any race--can afford to pay.
Bonnie Greer, A Parallel Life|If you can accept the indescribable nature of your true identity, you unveil the mystery of life.
Francis de Sales, Introduction to the Devout Life|If, when stung by slander or ill-nature, we wax proud and swell with anger, it is a proof that our gentleness and humility are unreal, and mere artificial show.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|That's what you men are always doing; it's so barbarously naive. You feel one of your loose desires for some woman, and because you desire her strongly you immediately accuse her of luring you on, of deliberately provoking and inviting the desire.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|...And nostalgia is a cancer. Nostalgia will fill your heart up with tumors. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's what you are. You're just an old fart dying of terminal nostalgia.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|In today’s world, human desires far supersede human needs. Waste, as you can see, is the result of that disparity.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Too often, people get stuck in a state of over-thinking, the result is that they never reach a decision.
Derrick Jensen|Violence is formed by the scarcity of nature, and will stay with us as long as we live in scarcity.
Tom Waits|He likes a day in the studio to end, he says, "when my knees are all skinned up and my pants are wet and my hair's off to one side and I feel like I've been in the foxhole all day. I don't think comfort is good for music. It's good to come out with skinned knuckles after wrestling with something you can't see. I like it when you come home at the end of the day from recording and someone says, "What happened to your hand?" And you don't even know. When you're in that place, you can dance on a broken ankle.
Christopher Henry Dawson|The man who is fond of books is usually a man of lofty thought, and elevated opinions.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Surprises, I feel now, are primarily a form of violence.
Henrietta Newton Martin|To forgive' is divine they say, and 'to forget', attracts blessings, but to go a step further, and learn a lesson from a bad encounter/ experience is an act of wisdom;and promise oneself that you will never allow yourself to be exposed to such a thing or a person or even an idea again.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An array of behavioral decision options establishes opportunities for personal growth. The knowledgeable choices that a person makes in a constantly varying physical setting and capricious social milieu reflect their character, and their evolving personality continues to affect their social and intellectual growth.
Martha Graham|Ribbons! Long ones, short ones, ones for every mood." He does a little dance to the singsong rhythm. "Thin ones, thick ones, and ones to tie your shoes!
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|One thing became crystal clear to me when I couldn't see you anymore. I realized that the only way I had been able to survive until then was having you in my life. When I lost you, the pain and loneliness really got to me.
Courtney Summers|If you have a machine with three or four parts, you can shake them up in a box and it's still pretty clear what's there. If you have a machine with 10,000 parts and you shake them up in a box, what you have is a box of junk.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|teenagers are never joking. when seeking to prove a point, principals and teachers should remember that teenagers are never, ever sarcasic or ironic. if they say "I wish someone would drop a bomb on this school right now," that means they have arranged for a nuclear arsenal to be emptied onto the school and should be immediately suspended and ridiculed. if they say they were merely coming up with a joking excuse to postpone a bio test, reply that all jokes are funny, and that since dropping a bomb on a school is not funny, it is therefore  not a joke.
Michel Foucault, The Essential Foucault: Selections from Essential Works of Foucault, 1954-1984|The necessity of reform mustn’t be allowed to become a form of blackmail serving to limit, reduce, or halt the exercise of criticism. Under no circumstances should one pay attention to those who tell one: “Don’t criticize, since you’re not capable of carrying out a reform.” That’s ministerial cabinet talk. Critique doesn’t have to be the premise of a deduction that concludes, “this, then, is what needs to be done.” It should be an instrument for those for who fight, those who resist and refuse what is. Its use should be in processes of conflict and confrontation, essays in refusal. It doesn’t have to lay down the law for the law. It isn’t a stage in a programming. It is a challenge directed to what is.
J. G. Ballard|When you have little girls bringing you your action figures for you to sign, it's like, 'Wow, things are happening, and dreams do come true.'
Charles Pollock|I took computers in high school. I would do all my own programming, but I didn't see the future of computers for anything other than data processing. Who was going to use a computer for communications?
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|You have to read a book at the right time for you, and I am sure this cannot be insisted on too often, for it is the key to the enjoyment of literature.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|She was sure no one had ever been more in love than they were in those weeks, consumed by such longing, wanting to just be alive beside each other.
Rachel Gibson, Tangled Up In You|Just because you refuse to acknowledge something, refuse to look at it or think about it, doesn’t mean it’s not there, that it doesn’t affect you and the choices you make in your life.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|Suddenly, the brave warriors parading to combat with bugles and bayonets were replaced by the push of a button.
Lewis Carroll, Alice Through the Looking Glass|Now, here, you see, it takes all the running you can do, to keep in the same place. If you want to get somewhere else, you must run at least twice as fast as that!
Jane Mayer, Dark Money: The Hidden History of the Billionaires Behind the Rise of the Radical Right|Libertarianism is supposed to be all about principles, but what it's really about is political expedience. It's basically a corporate front, masked as philosophy.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Experience has taught me the power of trophies. You may have every knick-knack and useless contraption ever devised, but while they weigh you down, a simple trophy can go a long, long way.
Amber Tamblyn|And I think that still is true of this business - which is basically research and development - that you probably spend more time in planning and training and designing for things to go wrong, and how you cope with them, than you do for things to go right.
Hanif Kureishi, The Nothing|I have learned that the libido, like Elvis and jealousy, never dies. I know copulators of eighty-five. Who said you need an erection, a body or an orgasm for sex?
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|to a big pride, a little soul
Jose Rizal|Ethanol is a premier, high performance fuel. It has tremendous environmental benefits and is a key component to energy independence for our country.
Hersch Lauterpacht|I assure you the law isn't a line engraved in marble, immovable and unchangeable through the centuries. Rather...the law is like a string, fixed at both ends but with a great deal of play in it-very loose, the line of the law-so you can stretch it this way or that, rearrange the arc of it so you are always-short of the blantant theft or cold-blooded murder-safely on the right side.
Jane Urquhart, The Underpainter|Art is a kind of mining," he said. "The artist a variety of prospector searching for the sparkling silver of meaning in the earth.
Julianne Moore|I'm into outdoor sports like hiking, windsurfing, water-skiing.
René Descartes, Meditations on First Philosophy|Some years ago I was struck by the large number of falsehoods that I had accepted as true in my childhood, and by the highly doubtful nature of the whole edifice that I had subsequently based on them. I realized that it was necessary, once in the course of my life, to demolish everything completely and start again right from the foundations if I wanted to establish anything at all in the sciences that was stable and likely to last.
Colleen McCullough, Tim|Why shouldn't the living cords which lace our being together flick softly against a loved one in the very moment of their unraveling?...Sometimes, all the miles between are as nothing, sometimes, they are narrowed to the little silence between the beats of a heart.
Leonard Boswell|I am committed to ensure that our intelligence community, law enforcement, medical professionals, and military have the information and funding needed to protect the American people from threats at home and abroad.
Dan Chaon|Writing had never become routine for him, but remained a constant surprise. He was always surprised at how much fun it was, once it all got moving. And never failed to be surprised at how bloody hard it was. It was like having an intense, frustrating love affair with a capricious, gorgeous, and often mean-spirited woman.He loved every moment of it.
Saaif Alam|Popularity does not happen overnight with a blink of an eye. It takes time, effort and creative knowledge to reach that particular goal in life.
Vanessa Williamson, Read My Lips: Why Americans Are Proud to Pay Taxes|Because taxpaying is seen as an emblem of civic worthiness, denying the poor the status of taxpayers has the effect of denying their political standing. Classing a large percentage of the populace as a kind of second-class citizenry is genuinely toxic for democratic norms.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|She had never been so affected by the idea of intimacy, but there was something about his eyes; something warm, and gentle even though she felt transparent every time he turned his attention on her; like he could see her, really see her. The idea of being so exposed to someone…it took her breath away.
Wendy Morgan|Advice to son: Never confuse "I love you" with "I want to marry you."
Adam Young|Sailboats with they were stars, floating softly through the sky, among our dreams that pay goodbye.
Sawm Rad|With each day, each hour and every moment of life, no matter how small, I realize that I have found a way of bringing me straight to the one person that I would give everything for… to you. I am living in a dream, in a dream I don’t want to awake from.
Joni Mitchell|Being religious means asking passionately the question of the meaning of our existence and being willing to receive answers, even if the answers hurt.
Marja de Vries, The Whole Elephant Revealed: Insights into the existence and operation of Universal Laws and the Golden Ratio|...317 is a prime, not because we think so, or because our minds are shaped in one way rather than another, but because it is, because mathematical reality is built that way.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|I seemed to leave my body momentarily, and another presence filled me—Sethian—every bit of emptiness within my soul had become saturated with his essence. No—bonded. Joined, connected—our souls had somehow become one.
Napoléon Bonaparte|If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Please-tame me!' he said.'I want to, very much,' the little prince replied. 'But I have not much time. I have friends to discover, and a great many things to understand.''One only understands the things that one tames,' said the fox. 'Men have no more time to understand anything. They buy things all ready made at the shops. But there is no shop anywhere where one can buy friendship, and so men have no friends any more. If you want a friend, tame me.''What must I do, to tame you?' asked the little prince.'You must be very patient,' replied the fox. 'First you will sit down at a little distance from me-like that-in the grass. I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings. But you will sit a little closer to me, every day...
Jamais Cascio|Advertising isn't just the disruption of aesthetics, the insults to your intelligence and the interruption of your train of thought. At every company that sells ads, a significant portion of their engineering team spends their day tuning data mining, writing better code to collect all your personal data.
Evan Osnos|I want American Dream growth - lots of new businesses, well-paying jobs, and American leadership in new industries, like clean energy and biotechnology.
Quentin R. Bufogle|If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
Charles M. Blow|The beauty of 'The Hunger Games' and also 'Game of Thrones,' in fairness, both projects have really complex, three-dimensional, contradictory, strong women... The writing of female characters is extraordinary and equal to the men.
Elizabeth Berg|I don't hold Travis anymore, of course- not to read to him, or for any other reason, either. I wish I'd known that the last time was going to be the last time.
Rumi|A flower doesn't love you or hate you, it just exists.
James  Osborne|We aren't different, from the others.
Lynda Barry, The Greatest of Marlys|If my home is indeed a sanctuary, I want to treat everything I bring into it as sacred.
tumblr|Could you bring me to Rita’s house before we go to the airport?” I ask. “There’s one last thing I need to ask her to do.” “That is on the other side of the river,” says Ethan.“I know. But I need to see her. Please, I’ll be eternally grateful.” He doesn’t say anything, but instead puts the car in gear and starts the engine. After we are driving for about two minutes he asks. “How grateful?” Ah, I see the old Ethan hasn’t disappeared then. I smile and lean over to place a light peck on his cheek. “This grateful,” I say to him.“Hmm, I think you can do better than that,” he chides in good humor.“You’re driving,” is all I say in reply.“I can pull over,” he answers smartly.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Mindfulness for Beginners|When we don't automatically take them (thoughts) personally or believe the stories about "reality" that we build from them,when we can simply hold them in awareness with a sense of curiosity and wonder at their amazing power given their insubstantiality, their limitations,and inaccuracies,then we have a chance right in that moment,in any moment really,to not get caught in their habitual patterning,to see thoughts for what they are,impersonal events.Then in that moment at least, we are already free,ready to act with greater clarity and kindness within the constantly changing field of events that is nothing other than life unfolding-- not always as we think it should,but definitely as it is.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|If writers stopped writing about what happened to them, then there would be a lot of empty pages.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|And since we cannot deceive the whole human race all the time, it is most important thus to cut every generation off from all others; for where learning makes a free commerce between the ages there is always the danger that the characteristic errors of one may be corrected by the characteristic truths of another.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|But Pescatore wasn’t leading a seminar on the morality of abortion. She wanted the jury to focus on the legal requirements for abortion providers in Pennsylvania. “The number one thing is the twenty-four-hour waiting period,” she told them. “It’s not like you can walk in and say, ‘I want an abortion,’ and you get it. A woman has a right to go in and be counseled before she has an abortion.” But Gosnell had flatly ignored the twenty-four-hour waiting period. He ignored the law, Pescatore said, out of simple greed. “Money. That was the only law that Dr. Gosnell knew,” she said. “You went to 3801 Lancaster Avenue where no laws were followed. None, zero.” The facts would show that Gosnell didn’t do “normal, legal abortions” largely because it was both cheaper and easier for him to induce labor, wait for the woman to give birth, and then kill the baby outside of the womb with scissors.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|Here are three separate but similar things: shyness, introversion and social anxiety. You can have one, two or all three of these things simultaneously. A lot of the time people thing they're all the same thing, but that's just not true. Extroverts can be shy, introverts can be bold, and a condition like anxiety can strike whatever kind of social animal you are. Lots of people are shy. Shy is normal. A bit of anxiety is normal. Throw the two together, add some brain-signal error - a NO ENTRY sign on the neural highway from my brain to my mouth perhaps, though no one really knows - and you have me.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Life…was much like a song. In the beginning there is mystery, in the end there is confirmation, but it’s in the middle where all the emotion resides to make the whole thing worthwhile.
Sunday Adelaja|Selfless Actions; expand our life outside of us, enable us admired leaders and make our actions that live beyond our lifespan.
Terraine Francois|Forgiveness is one of the keys to moving forward because if you don't forgive, you are stuck in the past.
Bjorn Ulvaeus|The habit of religion is oppressive, an easy way out of thought.
Flora Rheta Schreiber, Sybil: The Classic True Story of a Woman Possessed by Sixteen Personalities|It looks like freedom but it feels like death, it's something in between I guess. It's closing time.
Nora Sakavic, The Foxhole Court|Talent alone can't give you a gold medal.There is practise,there is hard work and there is a will to succeed.
Pauline Kael, For Keeps: 30 Years at the Movies|A good movie can take you out of your dull funk and the hopelessness that so often goes with slipping into a theatre; a good movie can make you feel alive again, in contact, not just lost in another city. Good movies make you care, make you believe in possibilities again. If somewhere in the Hollywood-entertainment world someone has managed to break through with something that speaks to you, then it isn’t all corruption. The movie doesn’t have to be great; it can be stupid and empty and you can still have the joy of a good performance, or the joy in just a good line. An actor’s scowl, a small subversive gesture, a dirty remark that someone tosses off with a mock-innocent face, and the world makes a little bit of sense. Sitting there alone or painfully alone because those with you do not react as you do, you know there must be others perhaps in this very theatre or in this city, surely in other theatres in other cities, now, in the past or future, who react as you do. And because movies are the most total and encompassing art form we have, these reactions can seem the most personal and, maybe the most important, imaginable. The romance of movies is not just in those stories and those people on the screen but in the adolescent dream of meeting others who feel as you do about what you’ve seen. You do meet them, of course, and you know each other at once because you talk less about good movies than about what you love in bad movies.
Rose Macaulay, The Pleasure of Ruins|The ascendancy over men's minds of the ruins of the stupendous past, the past of history, legend and myth, at once factual and fantastic, stretching back and back into ages that can but be surmised, is half-mystical in basis. The intoxication, at once so heady and so devout, is not the romantic melancholy engendered by broken towers and mouldered stones; it is the soaring of the imagination into the high empyrean where huge episodes are tangled with myths and dreams; it is the stunning impact of world history on its amazed heirs.
Ellen J. Barrier|Remember at the junior picnic, when someone whipped that dog at Jennifer's head? And Jennifer was laughing, like it was funny? Ted never copped to it, but I know he did it. I saw him. A-hole.'Rachel shakes her head in disgust. 'She probably deals with that kind of crap every day...''That's it. I'm going to ask Jennifer if she wants to sit with us today... I don't like those little turds thinking they can make fun of her because she's on the list. Don't they have any respect for the fact that she's a senior? If she's with us, they wouldn't dare say anything.
Steve Aylett|Scientists used to do an experiment whereby a dog’s repeated reward for performing a task was unaccountably replaced by punishment. The dog, knowing it would be penalized for doing well or doing badly, would become melancholic and inactive. This and other unforeseeable results were funded by taxing up to sixty percent of people’s earnings. People became strangely melancholic and inactive
J.M. Coetzee, Summertime|Caution is the path to mediocrity. Gliding, passionless mediocrity is all that most people think they can achieve.
Agnostic Zetetic|Let’s be very clear about this, asshole: I’ve been a woman in Arkansas. I know damn well what it means when a man says to me 'Calm down.' Being raped comes next, and that’s a fact I’m never going to forget.
Jean-Christophe Valtat, Luminous Chaos|There are no principles; there are only events. There is no good and bad, there are only circumstances. The superior man espouses events and circumstances in order to guide them. If there were principles and fixed laws, nations would not change them as we change our shirts and a man can not be expected to be wiser than an entire nation.
Plato, The Republic|....harmony that would fittingly imitate the utterances and accents of a brave man who is engaged in warfare or in any enforced business, and who, when he has failed […] confronts fortune with steadfast endurance and repels her strokes
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I do what I do because I love God, as I love your children, as I love humanity, as I love peace, truth, and justice for all. I may not be a fan of religion, but I am a big fan of God. I choose not to subscribe to any one religion because I recognize truths in them all — both the truths and flaws. For anybody to believe that any father would want to see his children fighting is madness. It does not make the Creator happy to see anybody massacre any of his beautiful creations. If you must know the religion I choose, I choose LOVE. If you must know the name of my god, his name is Truth, or rather 'He Who is One, The One Who is All.
Andrew Clements, We the Children|You're a brave, brave girl, Tula" Gaby told her."I know", said the little girl. "I got it from you.
Marsha Blackburn|Whenever you have a failure or setback, you need to take a step back and find out what you can learn from the scenario. What did you do to contribute to that failure? This way, you can make sure you don't repeat that pattern.
John Taylor Gatto, Dumbing Us Down: The Hidden Curriculum of Compulsory Education|It's like a malicious person lifting a photograph from the developing chemicals too early, and then pronouncing the photographer incompetent.
Deyth Banger|Today and now I hate this words they sound horrible, sound powerful and you just get more older and more older. I just said them when I was 9, now I'm 16 soon I will be 17. And again I use them "now" and "today" you can also say "no" but it's now 18:07 after five blinks with the eyes it just becomes 18:08, I hate today. Everyone uses it, but it's for two different places I also use today, for me is 4.10.2016, but for you this is past, and your today is 4.10.2026...
Eckhart Tolle|Ego is the complete identification with form. Physical forms, thought forms, emotional forms.
Erik Hersman|A black hole really is an object with very rich structure, just like Earth has a rich structure of mountains, valleys, oceans, and so forth. Its warped space whirls around the central singularity like air in a tornado.
Christopher Fowler|Once I found out that I was playing 'Deathlok,' I unearthed my old comic book collection. I was going home for Christmas, and I have a collection of thousands of comics. I was surprised to see that 90% of them were Marvel. So, I wanted to go through my collection and start there.
Kit Bond|Sooner or later they are going to live in a New York City where gay marriage is not only legal, but it's common and they don't even notice.
Iain Banks, Consider Phlebas|A head began emerging out of the darkness. It had two large antennae growing out of its forehead, with nothing recognizable as eyes. A mouth in the middle of its face opened in what I hoped was a smile. At least there weren't any sharp teeth.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|For many of us, especially being so fortunate to live in a first-world country, the vast majority of pain we experience is due to the seriousness with which we identify with our thoughts.
Francis Bacon, The Essays|The Jewish people trusted thmself to do nothing except that what was commanded by God; they were without will even in external things; the authority of religion extended itself even to their food. The Christian religion, on the other hand, in all external things made humankind dependent on itself, i.e. placed in it what Judaism placed out of it. … Thus do things change. What yesterday was still religion is no longer such to-day; and what to-day is atheism, to-morrow will be religion.
Ian Mortimer, The Time Traveller's Guide to Elizabethan England|Celebrate the Ides of March but remember your own warnings less as Caesar learned, you can get killed in many ways
Tracey Emin|I drive a hybrid, moving into an electric car. I only drink tap water, never consume food that's travelled.
Ariel Sharon|If there's no inner peace, people can't give it to you. The husband can't give it to you. Your children can't give it to you. You have to give it to you.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|You can love something without loving everything about it. You don't have to feel embarrassed about not being proud. That applies to hockey, but it also applies to friends.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|There are words like ‘orphan’, ‘widow’ and ‘widower’ in all languages. But there is no word in any language to describe a parent who loses a child. How does one describe the pain of ‘ultimate bereavement’! (Page 50)
Pat Buchanan|I do think about marriage, but it's not the end-all goal.
Joyce Carol Oates, My Sister, My Love|Playdate. (n) A Date arranged by adults in which young children are brought together, usually at the home of one of them, for the premeditated purpose of “playing”. A feature of contemporary American upscale suburban life in which “neighborhoods” have ceased to exist, and children no longer trail in and out of “neighbor childrens” houses or play in “backyards”. In the absence of sidewalks in newer “gated” coummunities, children cannot “walk” to playdates but must be driven by adults, usually mothers. A “playdate” is never initiated by the players (i.e., children), but only by their mothers.In American-suburban social climbing through playdating, this is the chapter you’ve been awaiting.
John Legend|I still have my school friends who are actually friends. It's nice that they don't think much about my singing career. They think it is cool, and they are happy for me, but they don't really bother me about it. To them, I'm still just the schoolgirl from next door.
Max Barry, Company|There are stories — legends, really — of the “steady job.” Old-timers gather graduates around the flickering light of a computer monitor and tell stories of how the company used to be, back when a job was for life, not just for the business cycle. … The graduates snicker. A steady job! They’ve never heard of such a thing.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|Life […] is scientific, that’s what it is.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|But this kiss? It's ruined me. This is the type of kiss I never knew existed. It's like falling and flying, all in the same moment.
Mike Bond, Killing Maine|As if a great creature had grown old without being able to express its feelings. Not that it didn't know how to express them, but rather it didn't know what to express.
Joe Thorn, Note to Self: The Discipline of Preaching to Yourself|What is clear is that Scripture requires both head and heart, and you need to see it not just as a text but as the very words of God. This will encourage you to pay close attention to the very words he uses, but it will also compel you to feast on those words as light-shedding, wisdom-dispensing, and life-giving counsel from on high.For all your longing for God to speak, to make his will plain and his plan clear, you should be daily immersed in God's Word. This is his voice, his will, and his plan made known to you. Consider these words, "Make your face shine upon your servant, and teach me your statutes." God's face shines on you when you are learning - experientially - his Word.
Alanea Alder, Fated for Forever|There's always one sure way of finding out that you're a misfit. When you're eleven years old, and your friends are telling you that they just sneaked into the theater to watch 'Twilight' and that it was "sooooo emotional and sooooo terrifying and soooooo romantic!" - but you've been spending the summer watching 'Rosemary's Baby' and 'Don't Look Now' and knowing the lines to all the Alfred Hitchcock films by heart - that's the moment you realize that you're a misfit.
Sanober  Khan|To fall in love with someone's thoughts - the most intimate, splendid romance.
M.Z.Riffi|There are literally hundreds of other micro-experiences and incredible experiences that help shape the book. But what really drove it home for me was not only hundreds of years of history that I went through to help formulate the concept of starting something stupid, but practicing it for myself and with hundreds of my own clients.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre: Redemption|These kisses... they were confessions. Tastes of everything she had stored inside her. Everything she could give a man if he was brave enough to accept. Kiss by kiss, she was baring herself to the soul.
Widad Akreyi|I argue that even as the war is framed in certain ways to control and heighten affect in relation to the differential grievability of lives, so war has come to frame ways of thinking multiculturalism and debates on sexual freedom, issues largely considered separate from "foreign affairs.
Georg Büchner, Woyzeck|WoyzeckUs poor people. Yes, money, money. You see, Captain, if you have no money. Try raising someone like me in this world on morals alone. Man is also flesh and blood.
Vernor Vinge, A Deepness in the Sky|The nice thing about twitter is the architecture of visibility. Email is invisible unless you reach out to someone directly. With Twitter, anyone can follow you and this is one of the big changes that was really introduced by Flickr, was this wonderful idea that you can follow somebody without their permission. Recognizing that relationships are asymmetrical, unlike facebook where we have to acknowledge each other otherwise we can’t see each other.
Alan Goldsher, Paul Is Undead: The British Zombie Invasion|Fine, but if and when the zombies team up with the mummies to take over the world, you can't live in my underground bunker.
Richard Erdoes|Death, the beginning of eternal things, is only the end of earthly cares. -Priest
Catherine Ryan Hyde, Don't Let Me Go|It’s just words. How can words be dangerous?”“You have a lot to learn about the world, baby girl. Nothing is more dangerous than words.”“That’s stupid. What about a gun? A gun can kill you dead.”“Only your body,” Billy said. “It can’t kill your soul. Words can kill your soul.
Frans de Waal|Salsa, classic rock, soul music, jazz... all of that was a part of my education in making hip-hop music.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Confident people generally handle people with respect, compassion and integrity.
Penn Jillette|If you like the stuff I do, my chances of liking you go up.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel|Our duty is to be useful, not according to our desires but according to our powers.
S.K. Kalsi, The Stove-Junker|O for those days when these tired metaphors were teenagers too, when it was still possible to recite ‘Daffodils’ and feel thrilled as you gazed at the golden laburnum in bloom. Recognising clichés is a sign of aging. Sweet as the past may be, it best remains pressed within the pages of memory, savoured for a moment ortwo on quiet Sunday afternoons.
Anthony Trollope, The Eustace Diamonds|I do two things," she told me. "I remind myself that it's not all about me. And I focus on the good. There's always a way to find some good.
Max Monroe, Banking the Billionaire|Every woman I'd ever known had two sets of memories: the one they wanted to remember and the one their heart wouldn't let them forget. The first kind were chosen, mostly positive and personality building, but the second would live on forever, despite age and fatigue and life-stealing diseases like dementia and Alzheimer's. Coded on the heart like a hard drive, the feelings never vanished.
Lionel Suggs|Trust is such a devious term. When you trust someone, are you not merely assuming that they are what they say that they are? If you place so much in the trust that you have for that one person, then you should place the same amount of trust in assuming that they are not what they appear to be. If there is a wall in front of you that does not allow you to do that, then you must place all of your trust in the fact that your trust is misplaced.
H.W. Brands|For your sake, jewel,I am glad at soul I have no other child;For thy escape would teach me tyranny,To hang clogs on them.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|And because God has entrusted you with such riches, you can use these resources to make a profound difference in countless lives.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Love the pride of the conquered nations, and leave them to honour their father and their mother.
Avijeet Das|Personal essay writing is analogous to undertaking a vision quest, a potential turning point in life taken to discover intimate personal truths, form complex abstract thoughts, and ascertain the intended spiritual direction of a person’s life.
Jeanette Winterson, The Stone Gods|Dying for someone is easy." J.T. murmured now; as if reading my mind."Living for yourself, that's hard.
Tom Ford|Happiness lies neither in vice nor in virtue; but in the manner we appreciate the one and the other, and the choice we make pursuant to our individual organization.
Vanna Bonta, Shades Of The World|Your heart is the beacon, your heart is the storm. Dare to embrace it; you'll never be torn.
Junaid Raza|We are alone by birth, but we conceal the truth from ourselves till death.
Henry Johnson Jr|The Dutch Reformed Church was the state church of the apartheid regime and a fervent supporter of apartheid; it inspired and condoned rape, abduction and murder.
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|Wisdom comes through suffering.Trouble, with its memories of pain,Drips in our hearts as we try to sleep,So men against their willLearn to practice moderation.Favours come to us from gods.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Try the meditation of the trail, just walk along looking at the trail at your feet and don’t look about and just fall into a trance as the ground zips by,” Kerouac wrote. “Trails are like that: you’re floating along in a Shakespearean Arden paradise and expect to see nymphs and fluteboys, then suddenly you’re struggling in a hot broiling sun of hell in dust and nettles and poison oak… just like life.
Garry Chapman|A child may be "spoiled" by a lack of training or by inappropriate love that gives or trains incorrectly.
J.M. Stewart, Whatever It Takes|You don't even know me," I said."And whose fault is that?""Cinderella's"Two creases formed between Jake's eyebrows."Cinderella's?""Yeah, Cinderella screwed me over." Without any more explanation, I got into my car, pulled the door closed, and fired up the engine.
Paul Erdős|The impulse to all movement and all form is given by [the golden ratio], since it is the proportion that summarizes in itself the additive and the geometric, or logarithmic, series.
Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me|I look up, and Jackson's eyes find mine. For a second, it almost feels like we're about to race into the hole to join you. Being buried alive has got to be better than whatever comes next.
Anthon St. Maarten|Dare to dream! If you did not have the capability to make your wildest wishes come true, your mind would not have the capacity to conjure such ideas in the first place. There is no limitation on what you can potentially achieve, except for the limitation you choose to impose on your own imagination. What you believe to be possible will always come to pass - to the extent that you deem it possible. It really is as simple as that.
J.R. Rain, Moon Bayou|Has anyone else here seen or fought a nightmare?"Marshal Spence Neumann lifted his head. "Seen one. Swear to God it looked like my ex-wife for a second."A chuckle rumbled within the group. Someone mumbled, "She was a nightmare.
Scott Stabile|Listen to me, you’ve got this. Seriously, you’ve got this.
Thomas Jefferson|In a society governed passively by free markets and free elections, organized greed always defeats disorganized democracy.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|She shakily rushed towards the car to find Alecto casually standing beside it, smoking a cigarette and staring fixedly on the radio as it played the song 'Draggin’ the Line' by Tommy James, his expression thoughtful. “What are you thinking about?” Mandy questioned.“Wouldn’t the world be a very loud place to live if we said everything we thought?” Alecto asked quietly.
Tony Snow|It was so cold today that I saw a dog chasing a cat, and the dog was walking.
James     Baldwin, Another Country|Problems comes and goes that's why don't have to act like you own them, Million of human kind they have exact problems as yours, so how can you call them your problems.
Kevin Focke|Noronha's Laws1. No man works harder than he must.2. The joy of living, lies in making little things big.3. Try never to do what you do not want to do. The secret of a happy old age is in never doing what you do not want to do.
Donella H. Meadows, The Limits to Growth: The 30-Year Update|We don't think a sustainable society need be stagnant, boring, uniform, or rigid. It need not be, and probably could not be, centrally controlled or authoritarian. It could be a world that has the time, the resources, and the will to correct its mistakes, to innovate, to preserve the fertility of its planetary ecosystems. It could focus on mindfully increasing quality of life rather than on mindlessly expanding material consumption and the physical capital stock.
Kim Harrison|I come from a line of self-motivated, determined folk - not grand, not high society, but no-nonsense, family-minded go-getters.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|Part of his mind was screaming, but it was a distant one and easy to ignore.
Augustine Sam, Take Back the Memory|Perfect love, like perfect partner does not exist. We create our own perfect love. If you care to know, a a good partner is like a construction engineer. To build the kind of house he want, he must pick the material that best suits his needs and maybe his wallet too.
Faqdil|Then there was a fine noise of rushing water from the crown of an oak at his back, as if a spigot there had been turned. Then the noise of fountains came from the crowns of all the tall trees. Why did he love storms, what was the meaning of his excitement when the door sprang open and the rain wind fled rudely up the stair, why had the simple task of shutting the windows of an old house seem fitting and urgent, why did the first watery notes of a storm wind have for him the unmistakable sound of good news, cheer, glad tidings?
Carol Shields, The Stone Diaries|The poor will look for many excuses why an idea can not be born, but the rich will also look for one excuse why an idea can be born.
Grace Slick|A lot of people think they should be happy all the time. But the writer understands you need both. You need the whole piano: the richness of the whole human experience. Depression, suffering and anger are all part of being human.
Graydon Carter, The Hunger: A Story of Food, Desire, and Ambition|mad at me. For Dad, parenting has become just like shooting one of his stupid insurance ads-some makeup to cover the blemishes, a flashy smile, and wham! He's got himself a regular picture-perfect family.
Steven Levenkron, The Best Little Girl in the World|The creative process is a process of surrender, not control.
Elbert Hubbard|Creation is the vocal chords of God speaking each day through the colors of the sunrise, the vastness of the night sky,the teeming of life in the ocean, the majesty of the mountains.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom: The Autobiograpy of Nelson Mandela with Connections|Freedom is indivisible; the chains on any one of my people were the chains on all of them, the chains on all of my people were the chains on me.
Abraham Joshua Heschel, The Sabbath: Its Meaning for Modern Man|Do you think things always have an explanation? "Yes. I believe that they do. But I think that with our human limitations we're not always able to understand the explanations. But you see, Meg, just because we don't understand doesn't mean that the explanation doesn't exist.
Catherine of Siena, The Dialogue of St. Catherine of Siena|The soul is in God and God in the soul, just as the fish is in the sea and the sea in the fish.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Science is an attempt, largely successful, to understand the world, to get a grip on things, to get hold of ourselves, to steer a safe course. Microbiology and meteorology now explain what only a few centuries ago was considered sufficient cause to burn women to death.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|As I look around the quiet room, I see a thousand leather covers like doorways into worlds unknown.
Gary Edward Gedall|Don't worry about being a normal person, let the normal person worry about not being you.
Natalie Goldberg|What writing practice, like Zen practice does is bring you back to the natural state of mind…The mind is raw, full of energy, alive and hungry. It does not think in the way we were brought up to think-well-mannered, congenial.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|What are you" -Mac "I don't follow" -Jericho "You dropped 30 feet in that warehouse. You should have broken something. What are you?" -Mac "A man with a rope." -Jericho
Walter Mosley|My work is not about 'form follows function,' but 'form follows beauty' or, even better, 'form follows feminine.'
Mary Stevenson|One night I dreamed I was walking along the beach with the Lord. Many scenes from my life flashed across the sky.In each scene I noticed footprints in the sand. Sometimes there were two sets of footprints, other times there was one only.This bothered me because I noticed that during the low periods of my life, when I was suffering from anguish, sorrow or defeat, I could see only one set of footprints, so I said to the Lord,You promised me Lord,that if I followed you, you would walk with me always. But I have noticed that during the most trying periods of my life there has only been one set of footprints in the sand. Why, when I needed you most, have you not been there for me?”The Lord replied, “The years when you have seen only one set of footprints, my child, is when I carried you.
Candice Millard, Destiny of the Republic: A Tale of Madness, Medicine and the Murder of a President|If you will only consider, you will remember many a person of whom the world never heard and will never hear, whose years have been as full of generosity, loyalty to duty, faith in God, fidelity to every day's work, as those of Franklin or Garfield, Lincoln or Emerson. They, also, have put their hands to the plough and have not looked back. Having made up their minds to what ought to be done, they did not hesitate, did not procrastinate, did not worry or grow anxious, but faithfully performed the duty of the hour. They had faith in Providence, and so did with their might what their hands found to do. They gave, and it was given to them again, "full measure, pressed down and running over." They did good, hoping for nothing again, and the reward came in lives full of content; in cheerfulness, peace, and satisfaction.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|When you strive for greatness, chaos is guaranteed to show up.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|[Babbington] "What did [the Doctor, Stephen] do to you, sir?"[Captain Aubrey] "Well, I am ashamed to say he took a pistol-ball out of the small of my back. It must have been when I turned to hail for more hands- thank God I did not. At the time I thought it was one of those vile horses that were capering about abaft the wheel.""Oh, sir, surely a horse would never have fired off a pistol?
Christopher Hawke|Darwin, with his Origin of Species, his theories about Natural Selection, the Survival of the Fittest, and the influence of environment, shed a flood of light upon the great problems of plant and animal life.These things had been guessed, prophesied, asserted, hinted by many others, but Darwin, with infinite patience, with perfect care and candor, found the facts, fulfilled the prophecies, and demonstrated the truth of the guesses, hints and assertions. He was, in my judgment, the keenest observer, the best judge of the meaning and value of a fact, the greatest Naturalist the world has produced.The theological view began to look small and mean.Spencer gave his theory of evolution and sustained it by countless facts. He stood at a great height, and with the eyes of a philosopher, a profound thinker, surveyed the world. He has influenced the thought of the wisest.Theology looked more absurd than ever.Huxley entered the lists for Darwin. No man ever had a sharper sword -- a better shield. He challenged the world. The great theologians and the small scientists -- those who had more courage than sense, accepted the challenge. Their poor bodies were carried away by their friends.Huxley had intelligence, industry, genius, and the courage to express his thought. He was absolutely loyal to what he thought was truth. Without prejudice and without fear, he followed the footsteps of life from the lowest to the highest forms.Theology looked smaller still.Haeckel began at the simplest cell, went from change to change -- from form to form -- followed the line of development, the path of life, until he reached the human race. It was all natural. There had been no interference from without.I read the works of these great men -- of many others – and became convinced that they were right, and that all the theologians -- all the believers in "special creation" were absolutely wrong.The Garden of Eden faded away, Adam and Eve fell back to dust, the snake crawled into the grass, and Jehovah became a miserable myth.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|Your EGO feeds on the volume of the mental clutter, the greater the intensity the more crystallized is your EGO. Man dominates and exherts his mental superiority over others. Be Aware! Stop Mental Clutter, Kill EGO, Be YOU!
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When you become aggressive in arguments, you force the other person to become defensive which means they’ll either get ready to fight you or ready to flee from you.
Tim Gilmore|Still, he couldn’t reconcile with the way he felt every time their eyes met, a feeling he had never forgotten that resonated with his very being.
Viktor E. Frankl|I usually make up my mind about a man in ten seconds, and I very rarely change it.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|For I do not want any one to read my book carelessly. I have suffered too much grief in setting down these memories. Six years have already passed since my friend went away from me, with his sheep. If I try to describe him here, it is to make sure that I shall not forget him. To forget a friend is sad. Not every one has had a friend. And if I forget him, I may become like the grown-ups who are no longer interested in anything but figures.
Axie Oh, Rebel Seoul|It has to do with me because it has to do with you," Young says, his voice dropping. "Jaewon-ah, we've been friends longer than we've been--.""Enemies?" I suggest weakly."Than we've been lost.
Saint Basil|God is in the sadness and the laughter, in the bitter and the sweet.
Joel Fuhrman|If you get to my age in life and nobody thinks well of you, I don't care how big your bank account is, your life is a disaster.
Lois McMaster Bujold|And whose fault was it that the boy swallowed down lies, when no one would feed him the truth?
Lucille Clifton, Good Woman: Poems and a Memoir 1969-1980|You might as well answer the door, my child,the truth is furiously knocking.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|There is fear hanging in the air of the sleeping halls, and the air of the streets. Fear walks through the city, fear without name, without shape. All men feel it and none dare speak.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Memories are small prayers to God, if we believed in that sort of thing.
Michael Edwards|There will Be a Moment when Your eyes meet, and everything in the world will be simple again.
W.B. Yeats|Never shall a young man,Thrown into despairBy those great honey-colouredRamparts at your ear,Love you for yourself aloneAnd not your yellow hair.
Matt Kaplan|People have always looked to the horizon and feared that which they did not understand. Initially, this horizon was the edge of the forest. Then, when forests became better explored and their dangers were realized as not actually being that serious, human attention turned toward the darkness of the sea. Then the sea became better explored, and the new horizon became the vastness of space. And now, with space getting ever better explored, a new horizon appears. . . in the form of the horrors humanity is about to unleash on itself.
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|But the past is long, and the future is short.
Sunday Adelaja|If the mountain remains standing, it is useless to pray endlessly. God is waiting for you to do something yourself.
Patrick Rothfuss|Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|The ‘Elves’ are ‘immortal’, at least as far as this world goes: and hence are concerned rather with the griefs and burdens of deathlessness in time and change, than with death.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|His eyes made a slow scan of my closet doors, which were cracked. "I thought I heard something.""Yeah, well, guess what? I’m a living, breathing person, and every now and then I make noise!
Christina Westover, Precipice|How do you even know I'm someone you'll want to remember? We've only seen each other once before.'(Amber)'Have you ever looked at a painting and known you had something in common with it? Have you ever seen something so beautiful you feel like crying? When I see you, I feel that way. I feel like the deepest part of me understands something vital about you.'(Virgil Daly)
Veronica Randolph Batterson, Daniel's Esperanza|Stallions," Frank said, "they're fightin' over a girl. - DANIEL'S ESPERANZA
John Holt, How Children Fail|When children are very young, they have natural curiosities about the world and explore them, trying diligently to figure out what is real. As they become "producers " they fall away from exploration and start fishing for the right answers with little thought. They believe they must always be right, so they quickly forget mistakes and how these mistakes were made. They believe that the only good response from the teacher is "yes," and that a "no" is defeat.
Nikki Rowe|If one spends too much time running / `round in the labyrinthine archives / of the mind, one finds a Lady Past / who, alas, can never be changed, /rather, relived–empowered—so-muchso / that she grabs choking-hold / of Today, blues her face, & robs / you of your pr(essence).
Edgar Allan Poe|The death of a beautiful woman is, unquestionably, the most poetical topic in the world.
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|Two farewell gifts," Sadie muttered, "from two gorgeous guys. I hate my life.
S.C. Barrus, Discovering Aberration|I wanted moments like this to last forever. If it couldn't, I wanted to play it on repeat so I wouldn't forget the details of every second.
Diane Wakoski, Emerald Ice: Selected Poems, 1962 1987|DAISIESIt is possible, I suppose that sometimewe will learn everythingthere is to learn: what the world is, for example,and what it means. I think this as I am crossingfrom one field to another, in summer, and themockingbird is mocking me, as one who eitherknows enough already or knows enough to beperfectly content not knowing. Song being bornof quest he knows this: he must turn silentwere he suddenly assaulted with answers. Insteadoh hear his wild, caustic, tender warbling ceaselesslyunanswered. At my feet the white-petalled daisies displaythe small suns of their center piece, their -- if you don'tmind my saying so -- their hearts. Of courseI could be wrong, perhaps their hearts are pale andnarrow and hidden in the roots. What do I know?But this: it is heaven itself to take what is given,to see what is plain; what the sun lights up willingly;for example -- I think thisas I reach down, not to pick but merely to touch --the suitability of the field for the daisies, and thedaisies for the field.
George Washington|The government of the United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion.
Michael Richards|With Stacy, it was interesting because you know he was within all this chaos, all these different lives that were so broken and so much anger and so much frustration and their skating came out of that, their different styles came out of that.
Rand Paul|In 1953, after the armistice ending the Korean War, South Korea lay in ruins. President Eisenhower was eager to put an end to hostilities that had left his predecessor deeply unpopular, and the war ended in an uneasy stalemate.
George C. Wallace|I am sorry to upset my colleagues by saying we wasted four years in opposition, but if you do get so badly defeated as a party you do have to face up to some painful facts and you do have to change.
Konrad von Gesner|Make the best use of what is in your power, and take the rest as it happens.
Sunday Adelaja|People do not necessarily know what they are doing, because our ability to comprehend even matters that concern us directly is limited – or, in the jargon, we have ‘bounded rationality’. The world is very complex and our ability to deal with it is severely limited. Therefore, we need to, and usually do, deliberately restrict our freedom of choice in order to reduce the complexity of problems we have to face. Often, government regulation works, especially in complex areas like the modern financial market, not because the government has superior knowledge but because it restricts choices and thus the complexity of the problems at hand, thereby reducing the possibility that things may go wrong.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|I'm 65 years old. Everyday the future looks a little bit darker. But the past, even the grimy parts of it, well, it just keeps on getting brighter all the time.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Etatism, as a theory, is the doctrine of the omnipotence of the State, and, as a policy, the attempt to regulate all mundane affairs by authoritative commandment and prohibition. The ideal society of etatism is a particular sort of socialistic community; it is usual in discussions involving this ideal society to speak of State Socialism, or, in some connexions, of Christian Socialism.
Cornelius Van Til|So each one of you agrees to disagree with whatever the other one agrees with, but if you both disagree with the same thing, aren't you really in agreement?
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|I hadn't been out to the hives before, so to start off she gave me a lesson in what she called 'bee yard etiquette'. She reminded me that the world was really one bee yard, and the same rules work fine in both places. Don't be afraid, as no life-loving bee wants to sting you. Still, don't be an idiot; wear long sleeves and pants. Don't swat. Don't even think about swatting. If you feel angry, whistle. Anger agitates while whistling melts a bee's temper. Act like you know what you're doing, even if you don't. Above all, send the bees love. Every little thing wants to be loved.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|FRIENDOnly when you have walked with me through the valley of hardship...When you have fought beside me against an evil foe...When you have cried with me through a painful heartache...When you have laughed with me at life joyous moments...When you have held my hand in silent sorrow at my loss...When you have trusted me in spite of your doubts,,,When you have believed in me when I lacked confidence to believe in my self...When you have defended my honor against lying tongues...When you have prayed for me when I was temped to go wrong...When you have stood with me as others walked away...Then and only then can you call me friend. For then you truly know ME. Then you will have paid the price of sisterhood/brotherhood. Then you will have forged a bond that will transcend time and live beyond life. Then you will truly be called a FRIEND who sticks closer than a brother...© 2013 From the book Meditations From my Garden by Stella Payton
Alen E. Lewis|A life is no less valuable or beloved if one lives in an age of decline, than in an age of progress.
Abraham Lincoln, The Gettysburg Address|Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought forth on this continent, a new nation, conceived in Liberty, and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal.
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|We long for authenticity, yet spend much time comparing and contrasting ourselves to others. We are each one special, unique and authentic in our own right. The only way to measure yourself is not against another, but by the Creators divine blueprint of you and you alone. Be yourself~ you are divinely different and unique!
Michael R. Fletcher|Our ability to measure and apportion time affords an almost endless source of comfort.“Synchronise watches at oh six hundred,” says the infantry captain, and each of his huddled lieutenants finds a respite from fear in the act of bringing two tiny pointers into jeweled alignment while tons of heavy artillery go fluttering overhead; the prosaic, civilian looking dial of the watch has restored, however briefly, an illusion of personal control. Good, it counsels, looking tidily up from the hairs and veins of each terribly vulnerable wrist; fine: so far, everything’s happening right on time…“Oh, let me see now,” says the ancient man, tilting his withered head to wince and blink at the sun in bewildered reminiscence, “my first wife passed away the spring of -” and for a moment he is touched with terror. The spring of what? Past? Future? What is any spring but a mindless rearrangement of cells in the crust of the spinning earth as it floats in endless circuit of its sun? What is the sun itself but one of a billion insensible stars forever going nowhere into nothingness? Infinity! But soon the merciful valves and switches of his brain begin to do their tired work, and “The spring of Nineteen-Ought-Six,” he is able to say. “Or no, wait-” and his blood runs cold again as the galaxies revolve. “Wait! Nineteen-Ought — Four.”… He may have forgotten the shape of his first wife’s smile and the sound of her voice in tears, but by imposing a set of numerals on her death, he has imposed coherence on his own life and on life itself… “Yes sir,” he can say with authority, “nineteen-Ought-Four,” and the stars tonight will please him as tokens of his ultimate heavenly rest. He has brought order out of chaos.
Lewis Carroll|For I do not believe God means us thus to divide life into half halves - to wear a grave face on Sunday, and to think it out-of-place to even so much as mention Him on a weekday. Do you think he cares to see only kneeling figures, and to hear only tones of prayer - and that He does not also love to see the lambs leaping in the sunlight, and to hear the merry voices of the children as they roll among the hay? Surely their innocent laughter is as sweet in His ears as the grandest anthem that ever rolled up from the 'dim religious light' of some solemn cathedral?
Charlie Jane Anders|As Dorothy J. Heydt famously said, the eight deadliest words for any work of fiction are 'I don't care what happens to these people.
Yao Ming|At the very core of my relationship to learning is the idea that we should be as organic as possible. We need to cultivate a deeply refined introspective sense, and build our relationship to learning around our nuance of character.
Beth Revis, Shades of Earth|Don't go for knockout in one punch, if your desire is to stay longer in the fight and thrive; go for outlasting them. Take the higher road.
Peter Cave, What's Wrong with Eating People?: 33 More Perplexing Philosophy Puzzles|I have left behind what tethered me to the lake. The sadness. The self-pity. The dark tentacles of the murky sea monster only I could see. And I have come to appreciate the ocean. How the sun and salt together can leave things weightless, easy, and smooth around the edges. Like sea glass and driftwood.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|...Jesus opens his arms to his needy children and says, "Come to Me, all who are weary and heavy-laden, and I will give you rest"(Matthew 11:28, NASB). The criteria for coming to Jesus is weariness. Come overwhelmed with life. Come with you wandering mind. Come messy.
Arti Honrao|Give at least fifteen minutes everyday to reading. Sometimes, we spend a lot of time watching television - surfing through channels; not really watching anything in particular. Fifteen minutes out of that time is not a big deal. Soon you will find yourself reading for more than fifteen minutes. Soon you will find yourself turning to a book when you need to relax. Soon you will realize that reading a book heals you in a way you never imagined possible.
John Shelby Spong|I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite.
Bill Nye|Wilderness trails constitute a rare space in America marked by economic diversity. Lawyers and construction workers get bitten by the same mosquitoes and sip from the same streams; there are none of the usual signals about socioeconomic status, for most hikers are in shorts and a T-shirt and enveloped by an aroma that would make a skunk queasy.
Megan Rivers, A Fateful Melody: A Fictional Memoir|Maybe the definition of a real father is someone who accepts their child for who they are, despite their faults or how far they've strayed from the path of the person you hoped they'd become.
Julie Andrews|I come from a political family. My father was a freedom fighter. He was a prominent leader of the locality and member of the Congress party. He spent 10 years in British prisons. In the evening, in our living room, the only subject we used to discuss was politics. So politics was not unfamiliar to me.
Simone Freier, Birthday Experience: A Celebration of Openness and Submission Among Adventurous Friends|The last few strokes filled me with searing heat, and electric pulses traveled through my body and my soul, as our orgasms burst forth together, a million nerve endings suddenly flashing like twin rockets exploding fireworks, the multitude of sparks joining with a billion stars in the heavens above.
Charles Dickens, Martin Chuzzlewit|Every heart, it have its own ache.
Noel Coward|The one man other than my father who made the most lasting impression was an uncle, Serge B. Benson. He taught me in three different classes - but above all, he taught me lessons in moral, physical, and intellectual courage that I have tried to apply in later life.
Tony Campolo|You have to find out what's right for you, so it's trial and error. You are going to be all right if you accept realistic goals for yourself.
Alyssa Day, Heart of Atlantis|Lucky for you, since you’re the most dangerous man I’ve ever met. Asane woman would run away from you, not toward you.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Government observers, keen on getting the Penan out of the valuable hardwood forests, have claimed that Penan health is poor and that they are malnourished. This is a ploy to get them settled so they can be controlled. Also, it is a source of embarrassment to the governments of Malaysia and Indonesia that in the 1980s, nomadic hunters are still roaming the jungles. This doesn't help the national image of a modern, developing country.
Toni Blake, Whisper Falls|You love me.”He kept gazing upward, his answer coming softly. “Yeah. I do.
Jane Lynch|We would not have been a successful family without my father and stepfather, who were working-class men with better dreams for their children. We just wore them out.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|WILL YOU BE BRINGING A DATE?""PROBABLY NOT.""OH COME ON," Dora said. "I'M SURE THAT YOU MUST HAVE LOTS OF BOYFRIENDS-- AND GIRLFRIENDS..."I nod my head no and explain that my sex life is complicated."HOW SO?" Tommy asked."MY BOYFRIEND'S STRAIGHT.""OH. WOW," Dora said. "MINE TOO." We laugh.
Eric Hoffer|The most successful people start with dominant talent—and then add skills, knowledge, and practice to the mix. When they do this, the raw talent actually serves as a multiplier.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|In all things, may the victory come to us while the glory goes to God. We can't handle the glory... It only brings pride to us! We can handle the victory... It brings a joyful life!
Catherine Gilbert Murdock, Dairy Queen|When you don't talk, there's a lot of stuff that ends up not getting said.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|There are people out there who hate me and who say I'm arrogant, vain, and whatever. That's all part of my success. I am made to be the best.
Alvin Toffler|Always leave a way out, unless you really want to find out how hard a man can fight when he’s nothing to lose.
Claudia Tan, Perfect Addiction|I was born to be a fighter. But being a fighter does not mean that I have to live in rage. When I fight, I live in my emotions. But maybe... my emotions don't have to trap me anymore.
Travis Thrasher, Marvelous|He realised he was in a chair. The world was white and blurry in half his vision, and it took him a few moments to realise a sheet of paper was stuck to his face.
Katie McGarry, Crossing the Line|Hornig put the block of wood down on the desk, and placed the knife he’d just recently planted into his long time best friend and colleague’s throat beside it. “God hates sin, and sinners, but he made us in his image. So He must be a sinner, too, yes? That means He’s self loathing and nothing is as dangerous as a man who hates himself. Because if He hates Himself, how could He possibly give a shit about you?
John le Carre|Artificial intelligence is one of 50 things that Watson does. There is also machine learning, text-to-speech, speech-to-text, and different analytical engines - they're like little Lego bricks. You can put intelligence in any product or any process you have.
Jessica Ingro, His Ever After|He's the boy who smokes Marlboro cigarettes and I'm the girl who makes theater puppets. Dreams and ashes—two things in the universe that should never meet because they are opposites, right?
Stéphane Audeguy, The Theory of Clouds|Out in the stone-pile the toad squatted with its glowing jewel-eyes and, maybe, its memories. I don't know if you'll admit a toad could have memories. But I don't know, either, if you'll admit there was once witchcraft in America. Witchcraft doesn't sound sensible when you think of Pittsburgh and subways and movie houses, but the dark lore didn't start in Pittsburgh or Salem either; it goes away back to dark olive groves in Greece and dim, ancient forests in Brittany and the stone dolmens of Wales. All I'm saying, you understand, is that the toad was there, under its rocks, and inside the shack Pete was stretching on his hard bed like a cat and composing himself to sleep.("Before I Wake...")
Thomas Carlyle|The first step is to distinguish the loving parts of your personality that are active from the frightened parts of your personality that are active - in other words, to learn to distinguish love from fear in you. The second step is to choose love, no matter what.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, practice, practice, practice. Each time you test your bravery you grow your self-assurance and increase your comfort to a greater degree. Repetition helps build confidence and competence. You did it; now do it again!
Keyshawn Johnson|Remember, always give your best. Never get discouraged. Never be petty. Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself.
Germany Kent|If you are on social media, and you are not learning, not laughing, not being inspired or not networking, then you are using it wrong.
John Steinbeck|There is no greater torture than being forced to watch as your love, your reason for living, breathing, and existing, sinks into oblivion. Your heart stops no matter how you try to get to her, she just gets farther and farther away." ~Fane from 'Beyond the Vail'"Attention shoppers, just a brief announcement, crazy ass werewolf on isle three. Those with abundance of testosterone, don't touch their lady merchandise and you might walk out of here intact." ~Jen from 'Fate and Fury'."In the event of some sort of gathering, if one of the bossy, overbearing, possessive fur balls has not flipped his switch and attacked some poor young pup in some misguided attempt to protect his woman's virtue, then the night is not over.
S.C. Parris, The Two Swords|Sorry, kid. Whedon got it wrong. Stakes don't kill vampires, they just give us heartburn.
Cameron Dokey, Kissed:  Once Upon A Time Omnibus Belle/Sunlight and Shadow/Winter's Child|Men are quite unobservant, you know. They see only what they wish to see.
C. JoyBell C.|I find it odd- the greed of mankind. People only like you for as long as they perceive they can get what they want from you. Or for as long as they perceive you are who they want you to be. But I like people for all of their changing surprises, the thoughts in their heads, the warmth that changes to cold and the cold that changes to warmth... for being human. The rawness of being human delights me.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, Marina|My youth was the most stubborn, peremptory part of myself. In my most relaxed moments, it governed my being. It pricked up its ears at the banter of eighteen-year-olds on the street. It frankly examined their bodies. It did not know its place: that my youth governed me with such ease didn't mean I was young. It meant I was divided as if housing a stowaway soul, rife with itches and yens which demanded a stern vigilance. I didn't live thoughtlessly in my flesh anymore. My body had not, in its flesh, fundamentally changed quite so much as it now could intuit the change that would only be dodged by an untimely death, and to know both those bodies at once, the youthful, and the old, was to me the quintessence of being middle-aged. Now I saw all my selves, even those that did not yet exist, and the task was remembering which I presented to others.
Deb Caletti, Wild Roses|If you don't participate, you're just taking up oxygen. (Bunny)Life is a banquet. Approach it with hunger. (Chuck)
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love will always be blind, but will never be deaf.
N.K. Jemisin|The Dream of a Queer Fellow I write the words again and they appear doubly pregnant with meaning. It is a true and terrible phrase : true, because we are all queer fellows dreaming ; and we are queer just because we dream ; terrible, because of the vastness of the unknown which it carries within itself, because it sets loose the tremendous and awful question : What if we are only queer fellows dreaming ? What if behind the veil the truth is leering and jeering at our queerness and our dreams?	What if the queer fellow of the story were right, before he dreamed ?	What if it were really all the same?What if it were all the same not once but a million times, life after life, world after world, the same pain, the same doubt, the same dreams? The queer fellow went but one day's journey along the eternal recurrence which threatens human minds and human destinies. When he returned he was queer. There was another man went the same journey. Friedrich Nietzsche dreamed this very dream in the mountains of the Engadine. When he returned he too was queer.
Nancy Pearcey|The pilot looked at his cues of attitude and speed and orientation and so on and responded as he would from the same cues in an airplane, but there was no way it flew the same. The simulators had showed us that.
Thylias Moss, Slave Moth: A Narrative in Verse|Esmenda Jenkins Dube the first was all about fairand saw her house as an oasis in the middleof corruption, saw herself as a missionaryconverting stupidity into reason. She thoughtthat was much more useful than a miracle.
Abdullah II of Jordan|I did a production of 'Journey's End,' an RC Sherriff play about World War I, at the Edinburgh Festival. I was 18 and it was the first time that people I knew and loved and respected came up to me after the show and said, 'You know, you could really do this if you wanted to.'
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|There's no way to know what's going to happen, Folly. But we'll blood well be on our feet when it does.
Shakira|To win respect, the networks seem to feel they have to keep absurdly overstating their anchors' reporting cred.
William Clay Ford, Jr.|The diet is a twisted, noxious thing, all tortured abstinence and short-term fraud. I speak from bitter experience. As a restaurant critic, I eat to live and live to eat. And having a toxic aversion to exercise, there is little to prevent the inevitable bulging of my gut. Hence the need for the occasional diet.
Aries Eroles|Internal mental experience is not the product of a photographic process. Internal reality is in fact constructed by the brain as it interacts with the environment in the present, in the context of its past experiences and expectancies of the future. At the level of perceptual categorizations, we have reached a land of mental representations quite distant from the layers of the world just inches away from their place inside the skull. This is the reason why each of us experiences a unique way of minding the world. (pp. 166-167)
Caroline Abbott, A Journey to Healing After Emotional Abuse|You may not understand what all's happening in your life right now, but any possible explanation pales in comparison to what you do know because of your faith in God's goodness and assurance.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|I was also one of those people who hadn’t caught up with the latest social networking site. Maura belonged to most of them. She passed most evenings befriending men who had tried to date-rape her in high school, but I was still stuck in the last virtual community, a sad place to be, like Europe, say, during the Black Death. Whenever I cruised this site, with its favorites lists and its paeans to somebody’s cousin’s gas station art gallery, I could not help but think of medieval corpses in the spring-thaw mud, buboes sprouted in every armpit and anus, black bile curling out of frozen mouths. Those of us still cursed with life wandered the blasted dales of this stricken network, wept and moaned and flogged ourselves with frayed AC adaptors, called out for God to strike us dead, or else let us find somebody who liked similar bands.
Debasish Mridha|Why you are searching for love all over the world,when inside you resides an endless ocean of love?
Gary Johnson|My father's music gives hope to people and also inspires them to break the bonds of injustice and to be positive in life. I've seen that everywhere I go, especially in poor countries and poor neighborhoods.
Tamora Pierce, The Woman Who Rides Like a Man|You ride as a man, fight as a man, and you think as a man-""I think as a human being," she retorted hotly. "Men don't think any differently from women- they just make more noise about being able to.
Francis Bacon, The Advancement Of Learning|To conclude, therefore, let no man upon a weak conceit of sobriety or an ill-applied moderation think or maintain that a man can search too far, or be too well studied in the book of God's word, or the book of God's works, divinity or philosophy; but rather let men endeavor an endless progress or proficience in both; only let men beware that they apply both to charity, and not to swelling; to use, and not to ostentation; and again, that they do not unwisely mingle or confound these learnings together.
Christina L. Barr, The Queen|The path of true love never ran smooth. More likely you ran out of gas, blew a tire, and hit the wall before you crossed the finish line.
Thomas de Quincey, Confessions of an English Opium Eater|Never underestimate how much assistance, how much satisfaction, how much comfort, how much soul and transcendence there might be in a well-made taco and a cold bottle of beer.
Ashley  Smith|Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Bruno Mars|One of the things which make any company successful, in particular the Home Depot, was that we understood and catered to the customer. If it didn't sell, it didn't make a difference what we thought or our research told us. They told us if it was successful by buying it or not.
Gary L. Francione|A majority of American citizens are now becoming skeptical of the claim that our carbon footprints, resulting from our use of fossil fuels, are going to lead to climatic calamities. But governments are not yet listening to the citizens.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Then, Zil and a half dozen of his crew swaggered into the plaza from the far side. Astrid clenched her jaw. Would the crowd turn on them? She almost hoped so. People thought because she wouldn’t let Sam go after Zil she must not really despise the Human Crew’s Leader. That was wrong. She hated Zil. Hated everything he had done and everything he had tried to do.Edilio moved quickly between Zil and a few of the boys who had started toward him, sticks and knives at the ready.Zil’s kids were armed with knives and bats, and so were those who wanted to take them on. Edilio was armed with an assault rifle.Astrid hated that this was what life so often came down to: my weapon is bigger than your weapon.If Sam were here it would be about his hands. Everyone had either seen what Sam could do, or heard the stories retold in vivid detail. No one challenged Sam.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity|I am convinced that the human heart hungers for constancy. In forfeiting the sanctity of sex by casual, nondiscriminatory "making out" and "sleeping around," we forfeit something we cannot well do without. There is dullness, monotony, sheer boredom in all of life when virginity and purity are no longer protected and prized.
Ayn Rand|For the "We" must never be spoken, save by one's choice and as a second thought. This word must never be placed first within a man's soul, else it becomes a monster, the root of all evils on earth, the root of man's torture by men, and an unspeakable lie.
John Kennebrew, The Immortal|His darkness bled into me, inch by torturous inch, consuming me from the inside out. It made me feel powerful.It made me feel free.It made the next words that flew from my mouth a plea that he never stopped. He was dark and twisted, but maybe I was too.
Amber McRee Turner, Sway|And then I did the best thing I knew to do with the strange concoction of sadness and hope brewing inside me. I prayed. I prayed for the people whose initials were on those slivers. Not just for those people, but for the cave people before them and the robot people after them. For real orphans. For all the people who have lost shoes in the road. For kids whose parents play war. For Toodie Bleu Skies and Toodi Bleu Nordenhauer, for M. B. McClean and Douglas Nordenhauer. And all the people who need to find the magic in Make Believe. That, I figured, just about covered the whole world.
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|It is important to note that the acquisition of wealth, as the accepted standard of succes, does not refer to increasing material goods for sustenance purposes, or even for the purpose of increasing enjoyment. It refers rather to wealth as a sign of individual power, a proof of achievement and self-worth.Modern economic individualism, though based on belief in the free individual, has resulted in the phenomenon that increasingly large numbers of people have to work on the property (capital) of a few powerful owners. It is not surprising that such a situation should lead to widespread insecurity, for not only is the individual faced with a criterion of succes over which he has only partial control but also his opportunities for a job are in considerable measure out of his control.
Tiffani Thiessen|We've seen some insane signs: 'Is that a loaf of bread in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?' Funny stuff along those lines. Very original. One just said, 'I will do unspeakable things.' I thought that was very interesting - and mildly terrifying!
Francine Prose|Saying good-bye to a city is harder than breaking up with a lover. The grief and regret are more piercing because they are more complex and unmixed, changing from corner to corner, with each passing vista, each shift of the light. Breaking up with a city is unclouded by the suspicion that after the affair ends, you'll learn something about the beloved you wished you never knew. The city is as it will remain: gorgeous, unattainable, going on without you as if you'd never existed. What pain and longing the lover feels as he bids farewell to a tendril of ivy, a flower stall, the local butcher. The charming café where he meant to have coffee but never did.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|I am sure now that life is not what it is purported to be and that nature, in the canny words of the Scotch theologue, 'is not as natural as it looks.
Christine Amsden, Cassie Scot|My dad liked to say that magic itself is never black; only the uses to which it is put, but mind magic is already tinted a deep, dark gray.
Michael J. Fox, A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Future...: Twists and Turns and Lessons Learned|Along with the mystical wonderment and sense of ecological responsibility that comes with the recognition of connectedness, more disturbing images come to mind. When applied to economics, connectedness seems to take the form of chain stores, multinational corporations, and international trade treaties which wipe out local enterprise and indigenous culture. When I think of it in the realm of religion, I envision smug missionaries who have done such a good job of convincing native people everywhere that their World-Maker is the same as God, and by this shoddy sleight of hand have been steadily impoverishing the world of the great fecundity and complex localism of belief systems that capture truths outside the Western canon. And I wonder—if everything's connected, does that mean that everything can be manipulated and controlled centrally by those who know how to pull strings at strategic places?
Julie Sheehan|The one thing ... that is truly ugly is the climate of hate and intimidation, created by a noisy few, which makes the decent majority reluctant to air in public their views on anything controversial. ... Where all pretend to be thinking alike, it's likely that no one is thinking at all.
Oscar Wilde|Love is wild; its whole beauty is in its wildness. It comes like a breeze with great fragrance, fills your heart, and suddenly where there was a desert there is a garden full of flowers.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|You are not smoking cigarette, it's cigarette that is smoking you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your greatest wish is to be happy, you are clever; if it is to make others happy, you are virtuous; but if it is to make yourself and others happy, you are wise.
Vincent    Edwards|There were many words piled up inside my chest, stories waiting to be told. I wanted to hand all this knowledge to one other person, neither a master nor a disciple. I sought an equal - a companion.
Joss Stirling, Finding Sky|I'm crazy, Zed.' There, I'd admitted it.'Uh-huh. And I'm crazy too -about you.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|He whipped out his sheet, then pulled it over himself and wrapped it tightly around his face like an old woman in a shawl. 'How do I look?''Like the ugliest shanky girl I’ve ever seen,' Minho responded. 'You better thank the gods above you were born a dude.' 'Thanks.
Amie Kaufman, These Broken Stars|Something has got to hold it together. I'm saying my prayers to Elmer, the Greek god of glue.
Thomas M. Disch, The Brave Little Toaster|But before any of the small appliances who may be listening to this tale should begin to think that they might do the same thing, let them be warned: ELECTRICITY IS VERY DANGEROUS. Never play with old batteries! Never put your plug in a strange socket! And if you are in any doubt about the voltage of the current where you are living, ask a major appliance.
May Sarton, Journal of a Solitude|If art is not to be life-enhancing, what is it to be? Half the world is feminine--why is there resentment at a female-oriented art? Nobody asks The Tale of Genji to be masculine! Women certainly learn a lot from books oriented toward a masculine world. Why is not the reverse also true? Or are men really so afraid of women's creativity (because they are not themselves at the center of creation, cannot bear children) that a woman writer of genius evokes murderous rage, must be brushed aside with a sneer as 'irrelevant'?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven|Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new.
John Lennon|If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace.
Ernest Istook|My greatest point is my persistence. I never give up in a match. However down I am, I fight until the last ball. My list of matches shows that I have turned a great many so-called irretrievable defeats into victories.
Douglas Adams, Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency|Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy.
Heather Graham, Dust to Dust|Bad dogs, she believed, were like most bad children: created by those around them. But then, that was a personal opinion. 
Rowland S. Miller, Intimate Relationships|In particular, husbands and wives who do poorly at nonverbal communication tend to be dissatisfied with their marriages. Moreover, when such problems occur, it's usually the husband's fault .In the first ingenious study of this sort, Patricia Noller (1980) found thathusbands in unhappy marriages sent more confusing messages and made more decoding errors than happy husbands did. There were no such differences among the wives, so the poorer communication Noller observed in the distressed marriages appeared to be the husbands' fault. Men in troubled marriages were misinterpreting communications from their wives that were clearly legible to total strangers.Even worse, such husbands were completely clueless about their mistakes; they assumed that they were doing a fine job communicating with their wives, and were confident that they understood their wives and that their wives understood them. The men were doing a poor job communicating and didn't know it, and that's why they seemed to be at fault.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Have the mind of a fox, the heart of a lion, the tongue of a serpent, the flair of a swan, and the soul of a dove.
David Ogilvy|To fulfill the promise of economic opportunity, we must remain true to the principle that collective bargaining is a cornerstone of a free society and indispensable to a strong middle class.
Matthew Knisely, Framing Faith: From Camera to Pen, An Award-Winning Photojournalist Captures God in a Hurried World|Let’s not only take great photos, but let’s make great photos with our lives.
H.L. Mencken|No man will ever bring out of that office the reputation which carries him into it. The honeymoon would be as short in that case as in any other, and its moments of ecstasy would be ransomed by years of torment and hatred.
Chris Huntington|When the battery in my watch died, I still wore it. There was something about the watch that said: It doesn’t matter what time it is. Think in months. Years. Someone loves you. Where are you going? There are some things you will never do. It doesn’t matter. There is no rush. Be the best prisoner you can be.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|life is a battle. it is a struggle renting us time against darkness. It's a fight it will never win. And still in fights. the Universe has no morality. It has no love, no patience. Those are the playthings of Humans..... the seeds of the end are in each beginning.
George MacDonald Fraser, Royal Flash|The childish and savage taste of men and women for new patterns keeps how many shaking and squinting through kaleidoscopes that they may discover the particular figure which this generation requires to-day. The manufacturers have learned that this taste is merely whimsical. Of two patterns which differ only by a few threads more or less of a particular color, the one will be sold readily, the other lie on the shelf, though it frequently happens that after the lapse of a season the latter becomes the most fashionable. Comparatively, tattooing is not the hideous custom which it is called. It is not barbarous merely because the printing is skin-deep and unalterable.
Marilyn Monroe|I would say that all our sciences are the material that has to be mythologized. A mythology gives spiritual import - what one might call rather the psychological, inward import, of the world of nature round about us, as understood today. There's no real conflict between science and religion ... What is in conflict is the science of 2000 BC ... and the science of the 20th century AD.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|Laughter comes from living." I shrug, try to sound indifferent. "I've never really been alive before.
Thomas Hardy, The Woodlanders|Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Everybody is special. Everybody. Everybody is a hero, a lover, a fool, a villain. Everybody. Everybody has their story to tell.
Sheilah Graham, College of One|Scott himself had taught me that in the boundless sphere of the intellect there is no prudishness, no shockability. There is only evaluation of facts, and a morality founded on truth.
Eamon de Valera|I am what time, circumstance, history, have made of me, certainly, but I am also, much more than that. So are we all.
Tituss Burgess|Even though I hated doing farming and wanted to just get out of the village, I would work from 5 in the morning till 5 in the evening.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You can change direction if you feel like you have missed your way... Decide to do that now! Go back a little more and begin from where you missed it out! If only you are ready to rise again, you can make a right decision in that tight belly of the shark. Jonah did that earlier!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The greatest treasure in life is the possession of time. Tragically, though, it is that same time that is often least treasured or valued by men who still possess it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|...all "months" work together for the good of those who love the Lord! ...all the days of this month will work together for your goodness!
Milton Glaser|If you can sustain your interest in what you’re doing, you’re an extremely fortunate person. What you see very frequently in people’s professional lives, and perhaps in their emotional life as well, is that they lose interest in the third act. You sort of get tired, and indifferent, and, sometimes, defensive. And you kind of lose your capacity for astonishment — and that’s a great loss, because the world is a very astonishing place. What I feel fortunate about is that I’m still astonished, that things still amaze me. And I think that that’s the great benefit of being in the arts, where the possibility for learning never disappears, where you basically have to admit you never learn it.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|I think that my first impulse arises from a hypersensitivity or allergy. It seems to me that language is always used in a random, approximate, careless manner, and this distresses me unbearably. Please don't think that my reaction is the result of intolerance towards my neighbor: the worst discomfort of all comes from hearing myself speak. That's why I try to talk as little as possible. If I prefer writing, it is because I can revise each sentence until I reach the point where - if not exactly satisfied with my words - I am able at least to eliminate those reasons for dissatisfaction that I can put a finger on. Literature - and I mean the literature that matches up to those requirements - is the promised land in which language becomes what it really ought to be.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|War doesn't negate decency. It demands it, even more than in times of peace." - Baba
John Geddes|I need to breathe” I manage to get out, his hold on me loosens slightly.“I need you
Dave Champion|The Bible is a whole series of highways, all leading toward God. And when the text has been illuminated and the believer of the text knows that God is the end toward which he is moving, then that man has real faith.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|Turns out, it's pretty simple to win people over, especially in tense situations, if you're able to take their perspective and validate their feelings.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|They've said your name sounds like an astronaut, but you don't go ascend above the sky.Don't you know you are a fall from the shooting star?
Naomi Shulman|Nice people made the best Nazis. My mom grew up next to them. They got along, refused to make waves, looked the other way when things got ugly and focused on happier things than “politics.” They were lovely people who turned their heads as their neighbors were dragged away. You know who weren’t nice people? Resisters.
Ilyas Kassam|Freedom is not to defy, it is to co-exist. It is a challenge for the imagination
Solomon Ortiz|Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me.
Rebecca Skloot, The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks|When he asked if she was okay, her eyes welled with tears and she said, “Like I’m always telling my brothers, if you gonna go into history, you can’t do it with a hate attitude. You got to remember, times was different.
Groucho Marx|I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
Troy Hicks|So many people, if the truth were known, live their lives on two levels. The principles they fight about are often at odds with the complicated and often frustrated lives they live. This is why there is so much intensity.
J. Berg Esenwein, The Art of Public Speaking|If you believe you will fail, there is no hope for you. You will.Rid yourself of this I-am-a-poor-worm-in-the-dust idea. You are a god, with infinite capabilities. "All things are ready if the mind be so." The eagle looks the cloudless sun in the face.
John Green, Paper Towns|pg. 231-232: They'd given me a minivan. They could have picked any car and they picked a minivan. A minivan. O God of the Vehicular Justice, why dost thou mock me? Minivan, you albatross around my neck! You mark of Cain! You wretched beast high ceilings and few horsepower!
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Devil's Foot|You know, Dean said, gesturing with his uninjured hand. If we were in an action movie, this would be the scene where you tenderly dress my wounds. then the wailing guitar ballad would kick in and we'd end up rolling around on the bed in a slow motion montage.If I were in Q, The Winged Serpent, Xochi replied, this would be the scene where I sacrifice you to Quetzalcoatl.
Macklemore|A company can spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on firewalls, intrusion detection systems and encryption and other security technologies, but if an attacker can call one trusted person within the company, and that person complies, and if the attacker gets in, then all that money spent on technology is essentially wasted.
Orison Swett Marden, How to Get What You Want|The great trouble with all of us who are struggling with unhappy or unfortunate conditions is that we have separated ourselves in some way from the great magnetic center of creation. We are not thinking right, and so we are not attracting the right things. “Think the things you want.” The profoundest philosophy is locked up in these few words. Think of them clearly, persistently, concentrating upon them with all the force and might of your mind, and struggle toward them with all your energy. This is the way to make yourself a magnet for the things you want. But the moment you begin to doubt, to worry, to fear, you demagnetize yourself, and the things you desire flee from you. You drive them away by your mental attitude. They cannot come near you while you are deliberately separating yourself from them. You are going in one direction, and the things you want are going in the opposite direction.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|A cry for attention is positioned as a crime, as if attention were inherently a selfish thing to want. But isn’t wanting attention one of the most fundamental traits of being human—​and isn’t granting it one of the most important gifts we can ever give?
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest|She might have liked to try to strangle him with those slender fingers of hers, but she wanted to make a job of it and this great patience with which she waited for her claws to grow was in itself a form of enjoyment.
Lil Wayne|Prepared for the worst,but still praying for the best
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Man is certainly stark mad; he cannot make a worm, and yet he will be making gods by dozens.
Joan Cusack|You know, my mother's beautiful, my dad was a really handsome man, and there was a lot of talk about looks when I was growing up.
Debasish Mridha|Your silence holds the mysterious and beautiful secrets of your life. Feel it, love it, adore it, live it, and enjoy it.
Abhijit Naskar|Scientific understanding of nature, doesn't make a person religious or atheist. I​t makes a person liberated of all labels. Moreover it makes a person kind and understanding.
John Piper, Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God|I learned that it is better, a thousand-fold, for a proud man to fall and be humbled, than to hold up his head in his pride and fancied innocence. I learned that he that will be a hero, will barely be a man; that he that will be nothing but a doer of his work, is sure of his manhood. In nothing was my ideal lowered, or dimmed, or grown less precious; I only saw it too plainly, to set myself for a moment beside it. Indeed, my ideal soon became my life; whereas, formerly, my life had consisted in a vain attempt to behold, if not my ideal in myself, at least myself in my ideal.
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Counting by 7s|I somehow make it through the first month. I dress and brush my teeth when they tell me to. And I experience the hollow feeling of complete loss, which is emptiness.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Spiritual Laws|Place yourself in the middle of the stream of power and wisdom which animates all whom it floats, and you are without effort impelled to truth, to right and a perfect contentment.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|Give me honorable enemies rather than ambitious ones, and I'll sleep more easily by night.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Meditation on inevitable death should be performed daily. Every day one should meditate on being carried away by surging waves, falling from thousand-foot cliffs, dying of disease.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|At the end of his life, which had included financial ruin in the Great Depression, his wife's barbiturate addiction and death by overdose, and then his own lung cancer, Doc said, "It was enough to have been a unicorn." What he meant was that he got to do art. It was magic to him that his hands and mind got to make wonderful things, that he didn't have to be just another goat or horse.
Arlie Russell Hochschild, Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right|Being a parent is one of the best, stressful, guilty, rewarding, sad, happy, frustrating, cherished, disgusting, fun, ridiculous, time consuming, joyful, maddening, worrisome, hectic, magical, nostalgic, second guessing, warm, cuddly, thing one can spend the rest of their life doing. I wouldn't have it any other way!
Sally Clarkson, The Mission of Motherhood: Touching Your Child's Heart for Eternity|Ha! Kids! You have no idea what you put your parents through, either. Wait till you have your own, you'll see. That's when you'll know what it really feels like." .. "What what feels like?"..."Love," said Angela.
Greg Page|No other thing or no other person is going to make me happy in life, I just have to do that myself.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Christians know that joy is more than a feeling or an on-again, off-again sentiment that changes according to the circumstances they face. Followers of Jesus Christ distinguish between lasting joy and situational happiness. Fun and joy are not necessarily synonymous. We believe we can experience inner joy with no special external stimulus to make us happy.
Ray Dalio|A Jew without Jews, without Judaism, without Zionism, without Jewishness, without a temple or an army or even a pistol, a Jew clearly without a home, just the object itself, like a glass or an apple.
Chris Womersley, Bereft|The public execution did not re-establish justice; it reactivated power. In the seventeenth century, and even in the early eighteenth century, it was not, therefore, with all its theatre of terror, a lingering hang-over from an earlier age. Its ruthlessness, its spectacle, its physical violence, its unbalanced play of forces, its meticulous ceremonial, its entire apparatus were inscribed in the political functioning of the penal system.
Gary Thomas|Bruner discusses the need for teachers to understand that children should want to study for study's own sake, for learnings's sake, not for the sake of good grades or examination success. The curriculum should, in other words, be interesting. (Yes, it sounds too obvious even to say, but sometimes the emphasis on content has trumped all other considerations, including that of making learning interesting.)
Adele|Growing up in a particular neighborhood, growing up in a working-class family, not having much money, all of those things fire you and can give you an edge, can give you an anger.
Kōbō Abe|You're mad, you missionaries,' ejaculated Tai Haruru angrily. 'What good do you think you do, crawling out to the extremities of all the different world's ends and dying there like lizards spiked on sticks?'Brother Balaam jabbed his thumb over his shoulder at the church behind him. 'Ye'll get no civilization worth havin' in a new country unless ye lay down a few martyrs' bones for a foundation,' he said. 'They generate. Slow but sure.
Geoffrey Rush|What if the Soviet intervention was a blessing in disguise? It saved the myth that if the Soviets were not to intervene, there would have been some flowering authentic democratic socialism and so on. I'm a little bit more of a pessimist there. I think that the Soviets - it's a very sad lesson - by their intervention, saved the myth.
R.G. Risch, Beyond Mars: Crimson Fleet|Evil is not just a theory of paradox, but an actual entity that exists only for itself. From its ether of manifestation that is garlanded in perpetual darkness, it not only influences and seeks the ruination and destruction of everything that resides in our universe, but rushes to embrace its own oblivion as well.To accomplish this, however, it must hide within the shroud of lies and deceit it spins to manipulate the weak-minded as well as those who choose to ally themselves with it for their own personal gain. For evil must rely on the self-serving interests of the arrogant, the lustful, the power-hungry, the hateful, and the greedy to feed and proliferate. This then becomes the condition of evil’s existence: the baneful ideologies of those who wantonly chose to ignore the needs and rights of others, inducing oppression, fear, pain, and even death throughout the cosmos. And by these means, evil seeks to supplant the balance of the universe with its perverse nature. And once all that was good has been extinguished by corruption or annihilation, evil will then turn upon and consume what remains: particularly its immoral servants who have assisted its purpose so well … along with itself. And within that terrible instant of unimaginable exploding quantum fury, it will burn brighter than a trillion galaxies to herald its moment of ultimate triumph. But a moment is all that it shall be. And a micro-second later when the last amber burns and flickers out to the demise of dissolving ash, evil will leave its legacy of a totally devoid universe as its everlasting monument to eternal death.
José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ|Normally, the mortal would be emptied of his soul. His truest essence, which, if the bastard was lucky, would be released to be recycled by the cosmos. The ‘investor’ would then take hold, snuggling in tightly to his host body. At first it's kind of like when you purchase a new pair of shoes. How the hard leather around the opening digs into the flesh it surrounds. Then, after a short period of breaking them in, it begins to only feel uncomfortable when you move a certain way. Soon enough though, you forget that you even have them on. They eventually seem to fit as if you’ve always worn them. The truly unlucky, though, they are left inside. Paralyzed and powerless to do anything but watch their lives be lived by someone… something, else.
Anne Rice, Merrick|All my life,I've been afraid of things, as a child and a woman must be. I lied about it naturally. I fancied myself a witch and walked in dark streets to punish myself for my doubts. But I knew what it meant to be afraid.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Now you have to kiss me so my feelings aren't hurt.""I meant to hurt your feelings," Charlotte said."I guess that means I'll have to kiss you myself so I feel better.
J. Raymond|I fell in love, and she fanned my flames. They spread to soon, Quickly and uncontrollably. I had finally found the one willing to catch fire, side by side, while the world watched us burn.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In life, those with heart certainly outdo those with ‘smart’.
Alex Gabriel, Love for the Cold-Blooded, or The Part-Time Evil Minion's Guide to Accidentally Dating a Superhero|I saved you,” Andersen said at last, slowly but firmly, like Pat was an idiot child who had to be reminded of the basic rules of the universe. To wit: Gravity exists. Time purports to flow in a linear fashion, but it’s only trying to fool us. I saved you.
Dr. Asoka Jinadasa|To get what you want tomorrow, be grateful for what you have today.
Gerard Butler|My biggest challenge is to not do urban movies for the rest of my life, those alpha hoodies.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|... Will you be okay or is there something I could help you with?""I'm just going to change in to comfy clothes and hit the sheets.""And what's the verdict on whether or not you want my help with that?" He flashed a cocky smile at me. He was undeniably sexy, in an "I-have-poison-blood-in-my-veins" sort of way.
Orli Matlow|Every religion has extremists, and extremists have more in common with each other than they do with the common people of their faith.
Sunday Adelaja|Time should be assessed as seconds, minutes and hours so as to be maximized effectively
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|Why didn't you tell me I had syrup on my face?" Lyla asked when I settled behind the steering wheel. Her tongue darted out, licking the corner of her lip. I went to put the key in the ignition and missed.
David Hurn|You’ve gotta taste the light, like my friend and fellow shooter Chip Maury says. And when you see light like this, trust me, it’s like a strawberry sundae with sprinkles.
Annalee Newitz, Scatter, Adapt, and Remember: How Humans Will Survive a Mass Extinction|When distance and convenience sets in; the small, the various and the personal wither away.
Sarra Manning, Unsticky|One of these days you who are now a 'babe' in Christ shall be a 'father' in the church. Hope for this great thing; but hope for it as a gift of grace, and not as the wages of work, or as the product of your own energy.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|And why had Deb's last boyfriend dumped her? I dumped him. Maybe you didn't French-kiss him enough. I promise you that wasn't it. Tell me how many times a day you kissed, and I'll say if it was enough. Four hundred. Not enough.
Thabo Katlholo, The Mud Hut I Grew Upon|At one level the story of the second fall of Zimbabwe can be read as tragic yet a courageous one: a simple but soaring binary about unfounded courage in the face of immeasurable oppression. But at another level, it is a window into a much more complex, perhaps even darker and sadder, narrative about contemporary slaveship and the terrible collision of aspiration and frustration and the need to survive that has been unleashed upon the people of Zimbabwe. Exploitation and oppression are not matters of race.
Julia Quinn, Just Like Heaven|Thank you,” she whispered, sending up a quick prayer for his continued recovery.“You’re welcome,” Marcus murmured.Honoria let out a little shriek of surprise, jumping back nearly a foot.“Sorry,” he said, but he was laughing.It was quite the loveliest sound Honoria had ever heard.“I wasn’t thanking you,” she said pertly.“I know.” He smiled
Baruch Spinoza, Theological-Political Treatise|It will be said that, although God’s law is inscribed in our hearts, Scripture is nevertheless the Word of God, and it is no more permissible to say of Scripture that it is mutilated and contaminated than to say this of God’s Word. In reply, I have to say that such objectors are carrying their piety too far, and are turning religion into superstition; indeed, instead of God’s Word they are beginning to worship likenesses and images, that is, paper and ink.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|You know, how I deal with all my problems in a daily life, I'm tweeting shit.
Trevor Rabin|I was sent to a nice Church of England girls' school and at that time, after university, a woman was expected to become a teacher, a nurse or a missionary - prior to marriage.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|...let the past sleep, but let it sleep in the sweet embrace of Christ, and let us go on into the invincible future with Him.
Sulari Gentill, Chasing Odysseus|You know, Mac,”Cadmus said still looking out the window. “We may have to work on the way we tell our story …apparently it’s not amusing enough.” “I’ll try to include a joke between ‘he bled to death’and ‘the city burned’.”Machaon responded tersely.
R. D. Laing|Writing for children isn't easy. Kids will abandon a story that doesn't interest, enchant, delight, thrill, or terrify them. But when you can find a way into a young reader's imagination through something as simple as words on paper, well, there's nothing more satisfying.
Nadia Scrieva, Tides of Tranquility|You can’t mind these things, you just can’t, for to dislike what makes a person human is to dislike all humans.
Wilma Rudolph|Your personal life, your professional life, and your creative life are all intertwined. I went through a few very difficult years where I felt like a failure. But it was actually really important for me to go through that. Struggle, for me, is the most inspirational thing in the world at the end of the day - as long as you treat it that way.
Dee Williams|Visualization prepares you for the experience of success. As you become increasingly optimistic and excited about ideas that motivate you, you open yourself to new ideas, meaningful relationships, and exhilarating opportunities.
Tom Waits|The world is a hellish place, and bad writing is destroying the quality of our suffering.
D.N. Simmons, The Pleasure Room|Eliza and Liam were downstairs having a heartfelt deep discussion, each one having found something that had always seemed missing in each other. Throughout multiple discussions they had formed a strong bond that seemed to tie them together. They had an intense emotional and mental connection that was something very rare to find.
Finis Mitchell|A mountain is the best medicine for a troubled mind. Seldom does man ponder his own insignificance. He thinks he is master of all things. He thinks the world is his without bonds. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Only when he tramps the mountains alone, communing with nature, observing other insignificant creatures about him, to come and go as he will, does he awaken to his own short-lived presence on earth.
Deyth Banger|What are the differences between computer and humanity??If computer get hot, there is a fan for the computer. If a man get hot, which will mean to much information in head, the humanity start to masturbate!But the question is why computer have one fan and humanity have two hands??It's simple as that!Fan can be replaced, but one hand can't be replaced if it's broken, so it's gave one more if you have problem with the one to use the other. Take it as a gift!
Sarah Blake, The Postmistress|It is the story that lies around the edges of the photographs, or at the end of newspaper account. It's about the lies we tell others to protect them, and about the lies we tell ourselves in order not to acknowledge what we can't bear: that we are alive, for instance, and eating lunch, while bombs are falling, and refugees are crammed into camps, and the news comes toward us every hour of the day. And what, in the end, do we do?
Meg Cabot, Princess in Training|The fact is, I love him. He's the boy I want and one day he'll be MINE.
Lindsay Hunter, Don't Kiss Me: Stories|What if," replied Inspector Fry in the same maddeningly curteous tone, "we were all to construct daisy chains and drape them so as to shield the words from public view?
Bradley B. Dalina|When love plays your life, and left you nothing but a memory of a broken heart heart,let the pain runs out in your eyes, it will make you feel better.Don't think you're strong when you're not, it will only makes you feel weaker.Be wise, accept, forgive and forget with no regret.
Guy Gavriel Kay, Under Heaven|The beige linoleum floor turned into the ocean, crashed and crashed against Lotto's shins. He sat down. How swiftly things spun. Two minutes ago he'd been a kid, thinking about his nintendo system, worried about asymptotes and signs. Now he was, heavy, adult.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you spent your time, you are actually spending your life.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|Never get angry against fate, she is looking for someone to crush, why put a spotlight on yourself?
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|Just like the cosmonauts and their pee plants, all we have is each other.
Helen Rowland|The openness of rural Nebraska certainly influenced me. That openness, in a way, fosters the imagination. But growing up, Lincoln wasn't a small town. It was a college town. It had record stores and was a liberal place.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|It was still early, and the sun's lower limb was just free of the hill, his rays, ungenial and peering, addressed the eye rather than the touch as yet.
Randa Manning-Johnson|People will doubt your VISION for obvious reasons. However, the worse thing that can happen to any man is to doubt his own vision.
Anna Getty|Believe me, my children have more stamina than a power station.
Patrick W. Corrigan|Being the bearer of bad news is a terrible thing; sometimes you don't know if you'll have the words, the delicacy,the strength. You think of the person on the other side: how you're about to bring their world crashing down with a single phone call and deep inside them they'll hate you because their sorrow will just be searching for someone to blame. Then what do you say? That you're sorry? Sorry for what? They'll hate you even more because they'll know you're not sorry like they are. They'll know you haven't been destroyed like they have.
Virginia Woolf, The Diary of Virginia Woolf, Volume Five: 1936-1941|Yes, our old age is not going to be sunny orchard drowse. By shutting down the fire curtain, though, I find I can live in the moment; which is good; why yield a moment to regret or envy or worry? Why indeed? (24 December 1940)
Robert Elias|If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|You look down when you talk to a headstone! When you talk to a live person, you look up!I'm still alive! So treat me like it!Look at me!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Capture your youth, while you can.
Niccolò Machiavelli|When you begin a journey of revenge, start by digging two graves: one for your enemy, and one for yourself.
Anthony Liccione|There had been an attempt to humiliate him. It had not succeeded. He had paid, but pain, like pleasure, has no duration. Pride was an entity more persistent.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica|Even if your world seems to be falling apart, you can be confident in that you are in His hand of grace.
William Gibson|Farber says (in my recollection, anyway) the European (or classical) art, including film, is culturally assumed to be a monumental slab. It's about that slab, and how it's been shaped, or what's been carved on it. In "termite art" though, your slab has been wormholed countless times, and its meaning is really taking place in the resulting interstices. The actual art of the piece, in other words, and your enjoyment of it, is taking place in the cracks, and the shape of the slab is coincidental and ultimately meaningless.
Franklin P. Adams|Let me say for now that we knew once the Creation was broken, true fathering would be much more lacking than mothering. Don't misunderstand me, both are needed- but an emphasis on fathering is necessary because of the enormity of its absence
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|I have only to break into the tightness of a strawberry, and I see summer – its dust and lowering skies.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|I like nothing better in this world than a good clean book, brother.
Angela Duckworth|The American public should know that the Senate report actually reveals that 82% of detainees subjected to enhanced interrogation did, in fact, produce intelligence that saved American lives.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes, son?" God replied."Do we look like man or does he look like us?" Jesus asked."Man made god in his image," God said."Why?" Jesus asked."Because it's easier to believe in someone and something if it looks like you or is a symbolic representation of you," God answered."If that's true. What do we look like then?" Jesus asked.God smiled, "We look like everything."Jesus laughed, "Could I look like a giraffe then?""Yes, if the giraffe believes in you," God laughed.Jesus smiled and had tears of joy in his eyes.
Peter James|Success is achieved by developing our strengths, not by eliminating our weaknesses.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One)): Astounding Biblical Mysteries revealed in his own words like never before in human history.|In the Eucharist we can find all the dimensions of communion: God communicates himself to us, we enter into communion with him, the participants of the sacrament enter into communion with one another, and creation as a whole enters through man into communion with God. All this takes place in Christ and the Spirit, who brings the last days into history and offers to the world a foretaste of the Kingdom.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|You may eventually decide to breakup, and that’s fine, because headaches are not cute, but at least you know you tried.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|Blessings don’t come as luck. They are our daily dose. For a mere fact that we can blink, chew, frown and smile means that we are blessed. Waking up in the morning is a blessing that we should always give thanks to.
Barry Glassner, The Culture of Fear: Why Americans Are Afraid of the Wrong Things|You just hang in there, boy, hang in with that apprenticeship of yours, do you hear me? You are lucky they would even take someone like you. You’re a child of the slums. A ragtag. On top of that, you’re a whining piece of shit. Nobody will ever do anything for you. Do you understand what I’m saying? They’ll let you starve to death, no problem. Nobody is going to cry on your grave.”Poul-Erik’s MotherThe Informer by Steen Langstrup
Jeff Mann|If he was in danger of anything at all, it was spontaneous submissive combustion due to his master’s teasing.
Alexander Blok, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|Clarke, in the deep folds of dream, was conscious that the path from his father’s house had led him into an undiscovered country, and he was wondering at the strangeness of it all, when suddenly, in place of the hum and murmur of the summer, an infinite silence seemed to fall on all things, and the wood was hushed, and for a moment in time he stood face to face there with a presence, that was neither man nor beast, neither the living nor the dead, but all things mingled, the form of all things but devoid of all form. And in that moment, the sacrament of body and soul was dissolved, and a voice seemed to cry “Let us go hence,” and then the darkness of darkness beyond the stars, the darkness of everlasting.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Dropping his arm from my shoulders, he reached down and folded his hand around mine. It wasn’t the first time he’d held my hand, but there was an intimacy there that hadn’t been present before. A tight shiver curled its way down my spine as his thumb moved along my palm while we walked down to class.He had not done that before.Rider let go of my hand when we entered speech, and I stepped in front of him, walking toward my seat. I dropped my bag on the floor and started to sit when Rider swooped down, kissing my cheek once more.I flushed as I glanced over at him.He grinned as he sat. “Couldn’t help myself. Your cheek looked like it was missing my kiss.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Mad Eye' Moody on the Avada Kedavra curse: "Not nice," he said calmly. "Not pleasant. And there's no counter curse. There's no blocking it. Only one known person has ever survived it, and he's sitting right in front of me.
RJ Arkhipov|At the ponds that evening I said to Antonio: "It's always been like that, since we were little: everyone thinks she's bad and I'm good."He kissed me, murmuring ironically, "Why, isn't that true?"That response touched me and kept me from telling him that we had to part. It was a decision that seemed to me urgent, the affection wasn't love, I loved Nino, I knew I would love him forever. I had a gentle speech prepared for Antonio, I wanted to say to him: It's been wonderful, you helped me a lot at a time when I was sad, but now school is starting and this year is going to be difficult, I have new subjects, I'll have to study a lot; I'm sorry but we have to stop. I felt it was necessary and every afternoon I went to our meeting at the ponds with my little speech ready. But he was so affectionate, so passionate, that my courage failed and I put it off.
Jim Elliot, The Journals of Jim Elliot|When the time comes to die, make sure that all you have to do is die!
Pushkar Saraf|As I went through all these experiences, I began to compile a list that wasn't written down in any book, only inscribed in my soul. To me these were as universal, dependable, and invariable as the laws of nature. Together they constituted The Forty Rules of the Religion of Love, which could be attained through love and love only.
John Steinbeck, The Log from the Sea of Cortez|You are old and grey,” she teased.“And you’re never too immortal for a spanking,” he shot back...
Ma Jun|When you're setting up a budget, a general rule is to start with your fixed expenses - your housing and insurance payments, and car payment, if you own one.
Cat Stevens|It seems strange that bears, so fond of all sorts of flesh, running the risks of guns and fires and poison, should never attack men except in defense of their young. How easily and safely a bear could pick us up as we lie asleep! Only wolves and tigers seem to have learned to hunt man for food, and perhaps sharks and crocodiles.
Dani Rodrik, The Globalization Paradox: Democracy and the Future of the World Economy|... toxic derivatives were underpinned by toxic economics, which, in turn, were no more than motivated delusions in search of theoretical justification; fundamentalist tracts that acknowledged facts only when they could be accommodated to the demands of the lucrative faith. Despite their highly impressive labels and technical appearance, economic models were merely mathematized versions of the touching superstition that markets know best, both at times of tranquility and in periods of tumult.
Ashton Kutcher|To wake up to the sound of my son saying 'Mama, mama!' It's the best sound ever.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Humility is a virtue, not a neurosis.
Titus Lucretius Carus|So it is more useful to watch a man in times of peril, and in adversity to discern what kind of man he is; for then at last words of truth are drawn from the depths of his heart, and the mask is torn off, reality remains.
Alexandra Fuller, Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight|There is only one time of absolute silence. Halfway between the dark of night and the light of morning, all animals and crickets and birds fall into a profound silence as if pressed quiet by the deep quality of the blackest time of night...This silence is how I know it is not yet dawn, nor is it the middle of the night, but it is the place of no-time, when all things sleep most deeply, when their guard is dozing
Bette Davis|I remember how being young and black and gay and lonely felt. A lot of it was fine, feeling I had the truth and the light and the key, but a lot of it was purely hell.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|And the shower of roses spun around me, inviting me to take part in their ever-present waltz.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|There are billions of people in the world, and each one of them has their own view of reality.
Trevor Driggers|Have the courage to walk away, those that value you will want you back, & those that do not won't hold you back.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|it is your life and you have to live your life as you want but you must have courage to pay by your self for the life which you are living , if someone other is paying by their tears and grief for your enjoyment ,then you are living a shameful life.
Danny Listyo|The more knowledge that distributed, the more people know, so the more worthless that knowledge.
