Dick Van Dyke, Keep Moving: And Other Truths About Living Well Longer|Aging is scary but fascinating, and great talent morphs in strange and often enlightening ways.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions | Uns|It's the gravity of love that makes you fall,and it's the same force that builds you up.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|Today this courtyard was filled with great warriors. What is more? But it was not filled with great men who have the heart to rule a kingdom. Any man can kill, Finnikin. It is a stroke, an action with one's hand. But not every man knows how to lead.
Mo Hayder, Hanging Hill|I'm a post-menopausal woman who's lived in a man's world for twenty years. A more cynical, cruel creature it's hard to find.
Himmilicious, The Clicked Shutterbug.|LaMont, the truth is that the world is incredibly, incredibly, unbelievably old. You suffer with the stunted desire caused by one of its oldest lies. Do not believe the photographs. Fame is not the exit from any cage.
|Some are born to greatness; some achieve greatness; some have greatness thrust upon them.' It is in this way that the librarian has become a censor of literature... books that distinctly commend what is wrong, that teach how to sin and how pleasant sin is, sometimes with and sometimes without the added sauce of impropriety, are increasingly popular, tempting to the author to imitate them, the publishers to produce, the bookseller to exploit. Thank heaven they do not tempt the librarian.
Shallu Jindal|I’ve said before, Harry, no need to hide your light,” said Alice, squeezing his hand. She giggled, “Dance, monkey, dance.
William Butler Yeats|High aims form high characters, and great objects bring out great minds.
Amy Carmichael, Gold Cord|So much is asked of parents, and so little is given.
Pete Hamill|I don't ask for the meaning of the song of a bird or the rising of the sun on a misty morning. There they are, and they are beautiful.
P. J. O'Rourke|Romantic art deals with the exception and with the individual. Good people, belonging as they do to the normal, and so, commonplace type, are artistically uninteresting.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Like most North Americans of his generation, Hal tends to know way less about why he feels certain ways about the objects and pursuits he's devoted to than he does about the objects and pursuits themselves. It's hard to say for sure whether this is even exceptionally bad, this tendency.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|If you feel obsessed to prove something to the world, then you'd need world attention to be able to prove it.
Lee Bice-Matheson, Destiny's Gate|The public has an exalted view of authors, and rightly so. Great writers impact deeply on our imagination. And yet, behind the kudos, there sometimes lurks a person at odds with the nobility of the author photo or the 'sheer humanity' of the prose style.
Peter Singer|What one generation finds ridiculous, the next accepts; and the third shudders when it looks back on what the first did.
Jean Piaget|Praise God, from whom all blessings flow! Praise Him, all creatures here below! Praise Him above, ye heavenly host! Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost!
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions.
John Marmysz, The Path of Philosophy: Truth, Wonder, and Distress|Despite its successes, in the end, philosophical thinking always falls short of its real goal. It involves both the wonder of aspiring toward the Truth and the distress of falling short of that Truth. In this way, philosophy can be characterized as wondrous distress.
Don Young|I don't know what kind of courage it took thousands of years ago, but I know how courageous women need to be today.
John le Carre|Novelists are not equipped to make a movie, in my opinion. They make their own movie when they write: they're casting, they're dressing the scene, they're working out where the energy of the scene is coming from and they're also relying tremendously on the creative imagination of the reader.
Cheryl Julia Lee, We Were Always Eating Expired Things|All foreign food is doomed to be consumed in India not so much by Indians as by a voracious Indian sensibility, which demands infinite versions of Indian food, and is unmoved by difference.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|I went from this great depression to waking up next too the love of my life; the same man who silently gave me something to hold onto for nearly four years. That isn't even comprehendible but it is so beautiful and I am so proud to be his woman, fortress of strength and care. I couldn't walk away from that even if you paid me.
Elizabeth Chandler|She had been nothing but a beloved bauble passed from a mother to a son, a decoration of vanity, devoid of identity.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|In order to faster become the person I wanted to, I decided to deceive my own dreams.
William Tecumseh Sherman|The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.
Shaila Catherine, Wisdom Wide and Deep: A Practical Handbook for Mastering Jhana and Vipassana|Every day, whatever you do, you trade a day of your life for it.
N.G. Pomyalovsky, Seminary Sketches|In matters of conscience and basic convictions it is unlawful and pernicious for anyone to forcibly intrude upon another's beliefs; therefore, because I am a man of rational convictions, I will not go out and demolish churches, drown monks, or rip down icons from my friends' walls because in so doing I will not spread my convictions; human beings must be educated, not coerced, I am not the enemy, I am not the tyrant of the conscience of true believers.
Marie Guillaume, Mr. Wolf V. the Three Pigs: Mr. Wolf Goes to Court|The doctors agreed: He was going crazy...they didn't think it had anything to do with the war. They were sure Billy was going to pieces because his father had thrown him into the deep end of the Y.M.C.A swimming pool when he was a little boy, and had then taken him to the rim of the Grand Canyon.
David W. Jones, For the Love of Sophia: Wisdom Stories from Around the World and Across the Ages|Body tension will always be present if our good feeing is just ordinary, self-centered happiness. Joy has no tension in it, because joy accepts whatever is as it is.
Mary Pickford|A chief is a man who assumes responsibility. He does not say "My men were beaten " he says  "I was beaten."
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|From space, astronauts can see people making love as a tiny speck of light. Not light, exactly, but a glow that could be confused for light - a coital radiance that takes generations to pour like honey through the darkness to the astronaut's eyes.In about one and a half centuries - after the lovers who made the glow will have long since been laid permanently on their backs - the metropolitan cities will be seen from space. They will glow all year. Smaller cities will also be seen, but with great difficulty. Towns will be virtually impossible to spot. Individual couples invisible.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|We're not dating," Alec said again."Oh?" Magnus said. "So you're just that friendly with everybody, is that it?
Scott Stabile|It only hurts us to love when we do so with expectation. And that’s not really love, anyway. Love has no expectations, no qualifiers, no conditions. Love is pure, untouched by our mind’s demands, untainted by our desperation and fear. Love can only be beautiful. It can only be divine. No, love doesn’t hurt, not when it’s real. Love empowers. It strengthens. It reminds us who we really are and why we’re really here. Love, more than anything else in this entire world, heals us.
Oksana Rus|Just take my hand, lead, dance with me...and I will simply follow the blueness of the water, the white waves rolling free...where the earth beneath my feet and stars make my heart whole again...in long and priceless moments of shared solitude...
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|I want more from life. I want to travel, see the world, and meet different kinds of people. I don’t want to stay locked in a small country, living my life halfheartedly the way society expects me to live it. I want to experience things and live to the fullest so I won’t have any regrets. I want more, so much more than they do, and they simply can’t understand it.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|MYSTERIES, YES Truly, we live with mysteries too marvelous to be understood. How grass can be nourishing in the mouths of the lambs. How rivers and stones are forever in allegiance with gravity while we ourselves dream of rising. How two hands touch and the bonds will never be broken. How people come, from delight or the scars of damage, to the comfort of a poem. Let me keep my distance, always, from those who think they have the answers. Let me keep company always with those who say "Look!" and laugh in astonishment, and bow their heads.
Sam Kinison|I eat breakfast pretty much 'round the clock - muffins in the morning, scones for lunch, cereal at night - which may be odd but is also oddly satisfying, if only because the choice is my own.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|A changeableness, too, as if beneath my visible face there was another, having second thoughts.
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|We need this help from the outside because we don't know how to to do this for ourselves. We start with a deep deficit—a chasm really—when it comes to understanding and being tolerant of ourselves, and that's even before we go forth to do battle with the rest of the world. As soon as someone judges, criticizes, dismisses, or ignores, the cycle of pain and reactivity ramps up, compounded by shame, remorse, and rejection. The act of validation, simply saying, 'I can see things from your perspective,' can short-circuit that emotional detour.
Moutasem Algharati|But he was a perfect gentleman, Aunt Amelia. He did not even try to kiss me, though he wanted to. ... You always tell me I must be receptive to broadening experiences. That would have been a broadening experience. And, from what I have observed, a very enjoyable one.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Laistry....I can't even say that. What would you call them in English?""Canadians.
Chaz Thompson, STAIRWAY2 HEAVEN|Listen: Common sense doesn't mean what it used to mean."-Matthias Chalmers, STAIRWAY2 HEAVEN
Dennis Chavez|He belonged to that army known as invincible in peace, invisible in war.
Jennifer Sodini|The glass is neither half empty, nor half full. The glass is just a glass and it's content can perpetually change with your perception.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Do you think dogs enjoy fucking? Or is it something so primal, so intrinsically necessary that it just happens, just occurs? Do you think animals can fall in love? I let you fuck me from behind almost every single night, always wanting to be kissed, but still, I refuse to roll over.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|As people's hopes soared, Jana felt a tinge of fear.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|You can beat me in the rat race, but remember u still remain a rat.
Kevin Powers, The Yellow Birds|It amazed Forrest that so many men seemed to wake up in the morning needing some kind of beating or another, men saying and doing fantastic things for the sake of getting another man to smash his face.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Energy drinks like Red Bull may give you wings for the moment, but in time it takes away your basic physical and mental wellness and leads to disastrous psychiatric and physiological conditions.
Mark Billingham|I love sci-fi because it leads in the imagination, and I always say it has the most intelligent fans in the world.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|All Armand’s life Honoré had lived in light. Unchallenged….Armand put out his hand, and touched the door. The last room, the last door [in the longhouse]. The last territory to explore didn't hold monstrous hate or bitterness or rancid resentments. It held love. Blinding, beautiful love.
Keith Richards|My father and I had a good relationship, it was very relaxed. He had a lot of humour. He looked a little bit like me, although he had no beard. He had the appearance of a very elegant British-looking man.
Greta Garbo|When asked to contribute ten dollars to a lawyer's funeral  I said: "Here's fifty. Bury five of them."
Pope Benedict XVI|Art, it seems to me, doesn't need freedom so much as it needs courage and love - some would call it 'soul' or 'Eros.'
Tina Fey, Bossypants|So what we are right now is a pair of dickweeds in a hotel room in Sydney. My life is royally fucked up right now and from where I’m sitting, your life is even bloody worse.
J. Sterling, Seeing Stars| 'Why what? Why do I want to make love to you?' He continues with a smile when I bob a nod. 'Because you're irresistibly beautiful and crazy sexy and I know when we get it right, we'll make the planets align.' 
Prince Akwarandu|In weeks that followed, I refined this vision until it was very specific. I was going to go for the Mr. Universe title; I was going to break records in power lifting; I was going to Hollywood; I was going to be like Reg Park. The vision became so clear in my mind that I felt like it had to happen. There was no alternative; it was this or nothing. My mother noticed right away that something was different. I was coming home with a big smile. I told her that I was training, and she could see I found joy in becoming stronger.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|With Cosmic Ordering it’s not only your wealth that grows, your mind does too!
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|Thomas had a younger sister, Ester, who was a facsimile of the womanizer brother, who had behaviors that mirrored her brother’s treatment of women, for she treated men the same way, for the same reasons. The younger sister had raised her sons with a hurtful echo in their minds that said ‘men are no good’, and because they heard it so much from their mother’s mouth, I feared that they would one day believe it to be true.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|Screw this. He’d blown his shot at nice-and-easy, which only left quick-and-brutal—my favorite way to play.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Mud, No Lotus: The Art of Transforming Suffering|Religion of Blue CircleTo bring and give a lesson,is to leave the last lesson not pronounced.Amen, Petra Cecilia Maria HermansAugust 29, 2016AmenGod
Aleksandra Layland|If we go to war, it must only be with right on our side.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Smiling reduces blood pressure by lowering the stress-inducing hormones, such as adrenaline and cortisol. As my mother, who is now in her eighties, navigates the challenges of aging, her mantra has become, “Keep moving and keep smiling.” She has observed the rapid decline of her friends who haven’t. She is striving to stay strong, happy, and vital; her desire to smile is helping her to live a healthier, more satisfying, and longer life.
Jaclyn Moriarty, The Cracks in the Kingdom|There was something in the moonlight tonight. It was stroking the stonework and spires, leaning into cracks between the cobblestones, caressing the stained-glass windows. She felt her heart lift with magic.
Michael J. Marx, Ethics & Risk Management for Christian Coaches|The Christian coach keeps ethics in perspective by aligning his principles and values with his biblical worldview, endeavoring to see things from God's point of view.
Dwyane Wade|A cute outfit can really make your day. If I wear something I look good in, my mood just goes way up.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Rostov kept thinking about that brilliant feat of his, which, to his surprise, had gained him the St. George Cross and even given him the reputation of a brave man - and there was something in it that he was unable to understand. "So they're even more afraid than we are!" he thought. "So that's all there is to so-called heroism? And did I really do it for the fatherland? And what harm had he done, with his dimple and his light blue eyes? But how frightened he was! He thought I'd kill him. Why should I kill him? My hand faltered. And they gave me the St. George Cross. I understand nothing, nothing!
Ashlee Willis, The Word Changers|Perhaps someday, when you are a father, Prince, you will understand how empty is your heart if your child is a hollow toy that you can move where you will him to be
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|As you call people to submit to the Person of Christ, you can trust the Spirit of Christ to lead them to salvation.
Gertrude Stein|Right now it's only a notion, but I think I can get the money to make it into a concept, and later turn it into an idea.
Carolyn Kizer|from "Semele Recycled"But then your great voice rang out under the skiesmy name!-- and all those private namesfor the parts and places that had loved you best.And they stirred in their nest of hay and dung.The distraught old ladies chasing their lost altar,and the seers pursuing my skull, their lost employment,and the tumbling boys, who wanted the magic marbles,and the runaway groom, and the fisherman's thirteen children,set up such a clamor, with their cries of "Miracle!"that our two bodies met like a thunderclapin midday-- right at the corner of that wretched fieldwith its broken fenceposts and startled, skinny cattle.We fell in a heap on the compost heapand all our loving parts made love at once,while the bystanders cheered and prayed and hid their eyesand then went decently about their business.And here is is, moonlight again; we've bathed in the riverand are sweet and wholesome once more.We kneel side by side in the sand;we worship each other in whispers.But the inner parts remember fermenting hay,the comfortable odor of dung, the animal incense,and passion, its bloody labor,its birth and rebirth and decay.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Go outside, wherever you are, and appreciate each drop of water, each flower, each architectural work of art.
Jeanette Winterson|Fiction and poetry are doses, medicines. What they heal is the rupture reality makes on the imagination.
Lang Leav|Where is truth??Somewhere in the story... somewhere around the facts.- There should be a truth some kind of feature, if there isn't... it goes interesting how in the hell is build a story with a truth... It's pretty interesting journey!
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|When you call someone a sinner, make sure you have no sin in you, and if you say you are without sin, you are a righteous liar.
Howard E. Koch|Weird people follow you in the streets, you can't sit alone in a restaurant or a cafe and read a book in peace, and I think everybody values those moments of being alone.
Constance Chuks Friday|The better you become as each day goes by, the more you heap dust upon you past until you completely bury it. No matter how obnoxious it was
Sigmund Freud, The Interpretation of Dreams|Our memory has no guarantees at all, and yet we bow more often than is objectively justified to the compulsion to believe what it says.
Maggie Georgiana Young|The idea of giving a man a rim job provoked the squeamishness I felt at thirteen when I accidentally stumbled upon my first porn, Women Who Love Big White Cocks. I was repulsed that a woman would put her mouth on a man’s penis. After all, that’s where he pees. I got older. I discovered my sexuality and on countless occasions, put my mouth where a boy peed. He put his mouth where I peed, put his fingers where I pooped, put where he peed where I pooped, and we swapped saliva the entire time. Men forgot that the female breasts that ignited their hard-ons fed them as infants. We didn’t realize that although the meaning changed, our “dirty places” remained the same.
Flynn Meaney, The Boy Recession|Books in the YA genre, in particular, should use proper grammar because they're more of an example to young people than adults books are.
Jenny Trout, All Souls' Night|A cool breeze stirred my hair at that moment, as the night wind began to come down from the hills, but it felt like a breath from another world.
Jane Shellenberger, Organic Gardener's Companion: Growing Vegetables in the West|There are many paths leading to a garden and many experiences awaiting those who venture in. No matter what your motive—whether to grow healthy, delicious food; spend time outdoors feeling more alive than your desk job allows; help save the planet; find relaxation, solace, or healing; meet your neighbors; get your hands in the sweet earth; or discover for yourself just how abundant and generous nature can be—a garden rarely disappoints. It’s a magnet for life in all its quirky, beautiful forms.
J.C. Reed, Beautiful Distraction|So, let’s make this a little interesting… a race. If I win, then you have to polish every saddle and strap of leather of Byron’s, including all brasses and buckles. Oh, and every one of my many pairs of boots.”“And if I win?” I asked, already aware of what I wanted.“What would you like Jack… name it?”“A kiss.”She flushed red. “Fine. Count of three- one- two….”She wouldn’t even give me that three. She was off.
Shannon Wiersbitzky, What Flowers Remember|When considering female human beings, we should ask ourselves what kind of organisms become overjoyed when presented with decapitated plants as gifts? I suppose we should consider ourselves fortunate they do not become overjoyed when presented with decapitated animals as gifts.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Which college?''Hmm?''Which college do you go to?'Fletcher nodded. 'Yes.''I'm sorry?''Oh,' Fletcher said, and laughed.Valkyrie's parents looked at Fletcher in near bewilderment. Fletcher looked back at them in total bewilderment. Valkyrie shook her head.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Happiness, cannot be pursued; it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side-effect of one's dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product of one's surrender to a person other than oneself.
Ayn Rand|The exquisite kindliness of her manner suggested that their relationship was of no possible consequence, that she could not pay him the tribute of hostility.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Equally, it does not mean that Christian beliefs cause more distortion than other ideological beliefs. This emerged with particular clarity in engaging with the opinion that Jesus did not exist. This view is demonstrably false. It is fuelled by a regrettable form of atheist prejudice, which holds all the main primary sources, and Christian people, in contempt. This is not merely worse than the American Jesus Seminar, it is no better than Christian fundamentalism. It simply has different prejudices.
Edward Gorey, Floating Worlds: The Letters of Edward Gorey & Peter F. Neumeyer|The thing is, and here we come to E. Gorey's Great Simple Theory About Art (which he has never tried to communicate to anybody else until now, so prepare for Severe Bafflement), that on the surface they are so obviously those situations that it is very difficult to see that they really are about something else entirely. This is the theory, incidentally, that anything is art, and it's the way I tell, is presumably about some certain thing, but is really always about something else, and it's no good having one without the other, because if you have the something it is boring and if you just have the something else it's irritating.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|And there it is: Even though we’re standing in the same patch of sun-drenched pavement, we might as well be a hundred thousand miles apart.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The "democratization of education" is everyone's fight, everyone's right.
Audrey Moralez|Big thoughts roam in big places. If you want to expand your thinking, expand your geography.
Meister Eckhart|Some people want to see God with their eyes as they see a cow, and to love Him as they love a cow - for the milk and cheese and profit it brings them. This is how it is with people who love God for the sake of outward wealth or inward comfort. They do not rightly love God, when they love Him for their own advantage. 
Kasie West, The Distance Between Us|Shine with all you have. When someone tries to blow you out, just take their oxygen and burn brighter.
Yusuf Al-Qaradawi, Islamic Awakening Between Rejection and Extremism|Islam and Sufism are one. Teaching that to understand Islam one must be a lover, how can one understand Islam when the heart is empty of love.
Witi Ihimaera, The Whale Rider|The satisfaction of winning/being a winner, comes with the dissatisfaction of seing losers
Lysa TerKeurst, Unglued: Making Wise Choices in the Midst of Raw Emotions|True respect comes when we fend for ourselves without the aid of anyone, and when we owned something and say, 'this is my own'! Not necessarily as a way of boasting of our abundance and grace, but having a feeling that we can use it without obstruction, or being asked to return the favor.
Ryan Holmes|In the past, Google has used teams of humans to 'read' its street address images - in essence, to render images into actionable data. But using neural network technology, the company has trained computers to extract that data automatically - and with a level of accuracy that meets or beats human operators.
Aristotle|Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting a particular way... you become just by performing just actions, temperate by performing temperate actions, brave by performing brave actions.
kent Ian N. Cny|Chewing and barking do not make you a dog, you need the patience.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|She looked over her shoulder at him, as ever, not in the least affected by him or his consequence. Not one whit. She was a lady, yes, but she would never believe herself the sort of woman who might marry a duke. “You aren’t the sentimental sort, are you?” “I’m told not.” She considered him, and he felt the curiosity behind her scrutiny of him. He had no idea what to make of that and so pushed off the wall he’d leaned against and headed for the door. She followed.
Lauren Groff|In the end, fiction is the craft of telling truth through lies.
Bo Sánchez, You Have The Power to Create Love: Take Another Step on the Simple Path to Happiness|It's about how you're like a lighthouse, always searching far into the distance. But the thing you're looking for is usually close to you and always has been. That's why you have to look within yourself to find answers instead of searching beyond.
Gregory V. Diehl, Brand Identity Breakthrough: How to Craft Your Company's Unique Story to Make Your Products Irresistible|Don’t just be everywhere, be everywhere that your clients are, where you matter most.
Charlie Chaplin|To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it.
Page Morgan, The Lovely and the Lost|John had been a footman nearly all of his adult life. He knew decorum and appropriate behavior for his situation. But when he glanced from one twin to another, he nearly ruined his reputation and self-respect forever with...a smile.
Seema Brain Openers|Enlightenment is not a rocket science, it is the pure awareness of something deep within you that is ageless, formless and undefinable.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|Writing a book is like sliding down a rainbow! Marketing it is like trudging through a field of chewed bubblegum on a hot, sticky day.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Fancy Pants|I thought of the one thing about home that I missed, my dad's study with its built-in, floor-to-ceiling shelves sagging with thick biographies and the black leather chair that kept me just uncomfortable enough to keep from feeling sleepy as I read.
Paulo Coelho, Adultery|See, it's not that I'm jealous of others. I just don't understand why they can be happy and I can't.
Tiffany Reisz, The Gift|I’m happy to see that we’re stopping to eat some dinner, since we didn’t actually eat lunch today. Instead we just argued, I pouted, slapped him, bojo’d him, and then I came like a freight train. I’ve had a very busy day.
Charlie Day|Nobody's perfect. They are weak, with ugly hearts, and they quickly turn to jealousy. They try to knock others down. It's so odd . . . In the world we live in, the greater a person is, the more difficult his or her life becomes.
Angelo C. Scott, The Story of Oklahoma City|And so we have this Oklahoma City, set upon a foundation so strong that it cannot be shaken. What shall you, the inheritors, do with this city? We hope that you shall make it more and more the city beautiful, more and more the city intellectual, more and more the city spiritual. For these three, beauty, mind, and spirit are the choicest diadems of life."Morituri vos salutamus!" Which, in this case, may be translated, "We, the Pioneers, salute you!
Hubert Martin|These places I traveled through, they were a lot like the people I knew. Some abodes I muddled about for a day or two, others entertained my thoughts for a year or a few. Each place and person gave me wisdom or growth, and, if I was lucky, sometimes I'd get both.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Little mouse," a voice said through the keyhole. "Don't you know the more you wriggle, the greater the cat's delight?
Paul David Tripp|If I am seeking to get identity from you ,I will watch you too closely, listen to you too intently, and need you to fundamentally. I will ride the roller coaster of your best and worst moments and everything in between. And because I am watching you too closely, I will become acutely aware of your weaknesses and failures. I will become overly critical, frustrated, disappointed, hopeless, and angry. I will be angry not because you are a sinner but because you have failed to deliver the one thing I seek from you: identity. But none of us will ever get the well-being that comes from knowing who we are from our relationships. Instead we will be left with damaged relationships filled with hurt, frustration and anger.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Though an angel should write, still 'tis devils must print
Simon Van Booy, Everything Beautiful Began After|Loneliness is like being the only person left alive in theuniverse, except that everyone else is still here.
Vinita Kinra|Beauty of trees is not judged by shape, size and species, then why ours?
William Shatner|I'm not for gay marriage, but I'm not for discriminating against people.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|The air up there in the clouds is very pure and fine, bracing and delicious. And why shouldn't it be?--it is the same the angels breathe.
Muhammad Ali|Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing.
Jeff Bezos|Like all technology, social media is neutral but is best put to work in the service of building a better world.
Claude Pepper|There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within.
Marcy Dermansky, The Red Car|While I was not entirely satisfied with the circumstances of my existence, I felt like the possibility of improvement still existed. That I could make happiness happen.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An enlightened person strives to live a meaningful life, defined by their personal humility joy, passion, and profound reverence for life.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman| There" is not your dream, "here" is.. To create it, to become it and to live in it. The journey of your triumphs and setbacks are apart of the process now,stop getting ready to get ready and start living in the essence of your movements NOW.
Ayn Rand, The Voice of Reason: Essays in Objectivist Thought|Altruism holds that man has no right to exist for his own sake, that service to others is the only moral justification of his existence, and that self-sacrifice is his highest moral duty. The political expression of altruism is collectivism or statism, which holds that man's life and work belong to the state - to society, to the group, the gang, the race, the nation - and that the state may dispose of him in any way it pleases for the sake of whatever it deems to be its own tribal, collective good.
A.J.P. Taylor|History is not another name for the past, as many people imply. It is the name for stories about the past.
Alastair Reynolds, Revelation Space|The really strange thing about this is that it was one of the Fog Facts.That is, it was not a secret. It was known. But it was not known. That is, if you asked a knowledgeable journalist, or political analyst, or a historian, they knew about it. If you yourself went and checked the record, you could find it out. But if you asked the man in the street if President Scott, who loved to have his picture taken among the troops and driving armored vehicles and aboard naval vessels, if you asked if Scott had found a way to evade service in Vietnam, they wouldn't have a clue, and, unless they were anti-Scott already, they wouldn't believe it.In the information age there is so much information that sorting and focus and giving the appropriate weight to anything have become incredibly difficult. Then some fact, or event, or factoid mysteriously captures the world's attention and there's a media frenzy. Like Clinton and Lewinsky. Like O. J. Simpson. And everybody in the world knows everything about it. On the flip side are the Fog Facts, important things that nobody seems able to focus on any more than the can focus on a single droplet in the mist. They are known, but not known.
Inshan Meahjohn|We are beings of immense potential, ability and skills. In order to realize our God given talents we need to break through the fear barrier, which through its invisible walls traps us better than any physical prison can be constructed by the hands of man. Our human will and faith can break any barriers that fear can construct.
Robert Green Ingersoll|Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one.
Lionel Shriver, So Much for That|When you feel deep change in your heart, you must understand that there is a lack of an old and righteous company.
Abhijit Kar Gupta|Never stop loving yourself, for how can you truly love someone if you don't love yourself first. And never be afraid to love, for it is one of the most beautiful uglist things of this world.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Belief is not a luxury, it is a biological necessity of the mind.
Debasish Mridha|When you give without expectation, you will always have more to give away.
Tupelo Hassman, Girlchild|This is probably the advantage of being stupid. Stupid people just do. We tend to overthink. If we could eliminate the “over” and just think, then we could do, too. Only we’d be smarter doers because we’d be thinkers.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|O son of Kunti, the nonpermanent appearance of happiness and distress, and their disappearance in due course, are like the appearance and disappearance of winter and summer seasons. They arise from sense perception, O scion of Bharata, and one must learn to tolerate them without being disturbed.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|While the word charity connotes a single act of giving, justice speaks to right living, of aligning oneself with the world in a way that sustains rather than exploits the rest of creation.
Beatrice Fairfax, Ladies now and then|Elvira, as befitting one who represented a magazine, registered first and demanded a room and bath. She pronounced it "bawth." The clerk seemed aghast at the request. However, in that hotel, any lady got whatever she asked for. It was her unquestioned right, as a lady. But there was no bath in the hotel, nor running water for that matter. The clerk faltered out something about a nice bowl and pitcher in every room, and said he thought they could provide a foot tub. He was sorry; there was no bath. Elvira couldn't grasp the situation. She thought the clerk was stupid--a hotel without a bath was a contradiction in terms. When she explained that she wanted something for complete immersion, the clerk seemed embarrassed. At his wits' end, he suggested (blushing like fire) that the colored boy could bring up the hog scalder.
Robert Mapplethorpe|The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|With women who do not love us, as with the "dear departed," the knowledge that there is no hope left does not prevent us from continuing to wait.
Oliver Sacks|In examining disease, we gain wisdom about anatomy and physiology and biology. In examining the person with disease, we gain wisdom about life.
J. P. Nettl, Rosa Luxemburg, Volume I|The growth of revolutionary fervour in individual participants and its spread to ever wider sections of the population must primarily be the result of struggle itself, not the distillation of thought or the prescription of correct ideology by others.
Michael Jay, Dog Water Free, A Memoir: A coming-of-age story about an improbable journey to find emotional truth|Somewhere, a rattlesnake strike makes the dance begin. Three hawks float in the light blue sky overhead. Crows caw and the sweet seduction of lavender fills my head. And she waltzes through my thoughts.
Fabrizio Moreira|When I try to be patient on my own, my patience is forced and short-lived. It is obvious to everyone that I am desperately trying to be patient.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To see time and life correctly , you must begin to access life as seconds, as minutes and as hours.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Shadows|God might work on mysterious ways, but hell worked on efficient ones.
Thomas More, Utopia|Let me speak plainly: The United States of America is and must remain a nation of openness to people of all beliefs. Our very unity has been strengthened by this pluralism. That's how we began; this is how we must always be. The ideals of our country leave no room whatsoever for intolerance, anti-Semitism, or bigotry of any kind -- none. The unique thing about America is a wall in our Constitution separating church and state. It guarantees there will never be a state religion in this land, but at the same time it makes sure that every single American is free to choose and practice his or her religious beliefs or to choose no religion at all. Their rights shall not be questioned or violated by the state.-- Remarks at the International Convention of B'nai B'rith, 6 September 1984
H.G. Wells|When younger, he had been fun-loving to the point of tedium.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|By God’s grace and mighty power, we can do great deeds.
Richard Robinson, An Atheist's Values|There is one element in Christianity which was not borrowed from Paganism -- religious intolerance. Referring to Buddhism, Confucianism, and Taoism, a writer on China says: 'Between the followers of the three national religions there is not only a total absence of persecution and bitter feeling, but a very great indifference as to which of them a man may belong.... Among the politer classes, when strangers meet, the question is asked: 'To what sublime religion do you belong,' and each one pronounces a eulogium, not on his own religion, but on that professed by the others, and concludes with the oft-repeated formula 'Religions are many; reason is one; we are all brothers.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|O serpent heart hid with a flowering face!Did ever a dragon keep so fair a cave?Beautiful tyrant, feind angelical, dove feather raven, wolvish-ravening lamb! Despised substance of devinest show, just opposite to what thou justly seemest - A dammed saint, an honourable villain!
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|Maybe I did hurt him, but I don’t think I could have hurt him much. He was one of the best-protected human beings who ever lives. People couldn’t get at him because he just wasn’t interested in people.
Heinrich Heine|One should forgive one's enemies, but not before they are hanged.
Charles Eastman|My family is no different from yours. We may be different from the geography that we come from. Some of you all may pray differently than I do, some of you all may be from a different ethnicity, but we all have the same story.
Angela Carter, The Lady of the House of Love|She has the mysterious solitude of ambiguous states; she hovers in a no-man’s land between life and death, sleeping and waking.
Robert Harbison, Eccentric Spaces|As we passed his table, I saw that the device that imprisoned the book was clever but wicked-looking, as though the critic were holding the work - and it's author - in bondage.
Charles Bukowski, South of No North|My objection to war was not that I had to kill somebody or be killed senselessly, that hardly mattered. What I objected to was to be denied the right to sit in a small room and starve and drink cheap wine and go crazy in my own way and at my own leisure.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes volume 2|When penciling in your future, always use a pen
Adria J. Cimino, Close to Destiny|But why are you giving this to me if you don’t believe?""Because I know that you do.
Thomas Cleary, The Flower Ornament Scripture: A Translation of the Avatamsaka Sutra|In a universe of electrons and selfish genes, blind physical forces and genetic replication, some people are going to get hurt, other people are going to get lucky, and you won't find any rhyme or reason in it, nor any justice. The universe that we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but pitiless indifference.
|In order to succeed greatly without limitations, you must perceive life as a journey of endless possibilities and opportunities.
Ausma Zehanat Khan, The Unquiet Dead|....in Bosnia, mass rape was a policy of the war, systematically carried out, implicating neighbors, paramilitaries, soldiers.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|Adventure is found not in a fair wind, but rather in a raging tempest.
Jhumpa Lahiri, Unaccustomed Earth|The knowledge of death seemed present in both sisters—it was something about the way they carried themselves, something that had broken too soon and had not mended, marking them in spite of their lightheartedness.
Ruthie Knox, About Last Night|He trailed his eyes down over her beautiful breasts then told her, “You’re going to keep your mouth shut and I’m going togive you that Orgasm you asked for.” He thought for a moment she was going to tell him to get lost, but instead she leaned her head back against the wall and pushed her hips out toward him.
Susan Sontag, Reborn: Journals and Notebooks, 1947-1963|The Swedes have coined the term 'management by perkele' to portray the Finnish managerial approach. Instead of collectively pondering all the possible alternatives and letting every member of the staff from the cleaner to the MD voice their views, as the Swedes do, the Finns act swiftly and don't waste time on the decision-making process. If something isn't happening quickly enough, it is necessary for the top managers to slam their fists on the table and yell, 'Perkele!' Repeatedly, if necessary.
Mario Andretti|I started in comics in 2005, ten years ago, and at that time, I didn't have a cell phone. I don't even think I had a computer myself, you know. And just in those ten years, how much technology has changed.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We men are fascinated by the things we don't really understand. It gives us something to think and talk about: like females, they drive us nuts.
Guy de Maupassant, Bel-Ami|You know, sometimes I even envy myself.
Victor Pelevin, Homo Zapiens|In reality, mankind is still metaphysically in God’s likeness, butGod’s image in mankind has been altered by sin. We can no longerduplicate or reflect God’s attitudes as we once could do. That is, we canno longer be holy as God is holy. Our morality has been altered and nolonger has the capability to duplicate or reflect God’s image. So what isthe answer? Can this image be repaired or made whole again? The answeris, YES!
Washed Out|My first instinct when I write songs is not a negative one. It's something positive... Everything I've ever done has some form of hope in it, I think.
Bruce Lee|Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it. If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves. Empty your mind, be formless. Shapeless, like water. If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your present thoughts do not lift you higher than your previous ones, rid yourself of them.
C. JoyBell C.|If one is seeking for Heaven on earth, has slept in geography class.
Jean-Dominique Bauby, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly|I am fading away. Slowly but surely. Like the sailor who watches his home shore gradually disappear, I watch my past recede. My old life still burns within me, but more and more of it is reduced to the ashes of memory.
marriage.com|Being married means giving it your all to your spouse daily. Even when you don’t feel like it and even when it hurts. It means looking beyond yourself, and giving to them because they are a part of you.
N.T. Wright|Satan has control now. No matter where you look, he is in control, even in our own land. He is guiding the governments as far as the Lord will permit him. That is why there is so much strife, turmoil, and confusion allover the earth. One master mind is governing the nations. It is not the president of the United States; it isnot Hitler; it is not Mussolini; it is not the king or government of England or any other land; it is Satanhimself.
John Palfrey, BiblioTech: Why Libraries Matter More Than Ever in the Age of Google|On paper, the people now choose the party nominees for president. And yet, the process seems to have come full circle. [back to party bosses choosing] Voters theoretically get to pick the candidates, but in practice they rarely get the opportunity. In most cases, the contest is over in a few weeks after a burst of activity in a handful of states. How did the reform movement [late 60s, early 70s] get so far away from the plan? The answer is that there was no single plan, nor a single entity hat could craft a system to meet the original intent of the reformers. [To democratize the process]
Terry Goodkind, Faith of the Fallen|There were those who loved liberty, who cried out to live their own lives, to strive, to rise above, to achieve, and those bent on the mindless equality of stagnation brought about through the enforcement of an artificial, arbitrary, gray uniformity--those who wanted to transcend through their own effort, and those who wanted others to think for them and were willing to pay the ultimate price.
Toni Morrison, God Help the Child|Every Saturday morning, first thing before breakfast, his parents held conferences with their children requiring them to answer two questions put to each of them: 1. What have you learned that is true (and how do you know)? 2. What problem do you have?
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Thus, an inhibition center developed below what in humans is the temporal lobe, to turn off much of the functioning of the reptilian brain; and an activation center evolved in the pons to turn on the R-complex, but harmlessly, during sleep.
Susan Sontag, Against Interpretation and Other Essays|Nine times out of 10, criticism is a defense mechanism. We criticize in others what we don't like in ourselves.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|When our heart is closed, it can create a lonely and isolated feeling together with the attitude: "Nobody loves me" or "Nobody cares about me", which can make it hard for other people to love us.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|It was a mistake," you said. But the cruel thing was, it felt like the mistake was mine, for trusting you.
Bertolt Brecht|When I was a young man and very well thought of,I couldn't ask aught that the ladies denied.I nibbled their hearts like a handful of raisins,And I never spoke love but I knew that I lied. But I said to myself, 'Ah, they none of them know The secret I shelter and savor and save I wait for the one who will see through my seeming, And I'll know when I love by the way I behave.'The years drifted over like clouds in the heavens;The ladies went by me like snow on the wind.I charmed and I cheated, deceived and dissembled,And I sinned, and I sinned, and I sinned, and I sinned. But I said to myself, 'Ah, they none of them see There's part of me pure as the whisk of a wave. My lady is late but she'll find I've been faithful, And I'll know when I love by the way I behave.'At last came a lady both knowing and tender,Saying, 'you're not at all what they take you to be.'I betrayed her before she had quite finished speaking,And she swallowed cold poison and jumped in the sea. And I say to myself when there's time for a word, As I gracefully grow more debauched and depraved, 'Ah, love may be strong, but a habit is stronger And I knew when I loved by the way I behaved.
Tegan Quin|She was telling me that I had a life of disappointment before me if I continued to love him as I did. A love that is too strong can turn poisonous and bring great unhappiness. And then, what is the remedy? Can you unlearn your heart's desire? Can you stop loving someone? Easier to drown yourself; easier to take the lover's leap.
Kay Ryan|If we have not struggled/as hard as we can/at our strongest/how will we sense/the shape of our losses/or know what sustains/us longest or name/what change costs us,/saying how strange/it is that one sector/of the self can step in/for another in trouble,/how loss activates/a latent double, how/we can feed/as upon nectar/upon need?
Lisa J. Shannon, A Thousand Sisters: My Journey into the Worst Place on Earth to Be a Woman|I don't know how to stop the atrocities. I don't know how to make people care. But looking into my sister's eyes, we seem to have carved out something between us that none of the madness can touch. Invisible threads.
Oscar Wilde|Ah! that is the great thing in life, to live the truth.
J. D. Salinger|Only bad golfers are lucky. They're the ones bouncing balls off trees, curbs, turtles and cars. Good golfers have bad luck. When you hit the ball straight, a funny bounce is bound to be unlucky.
Lao Tzu|We join spokes together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that makes the wagon move.We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness insidethat holds whatever we want.We hammer wood for a house, but it is the inner spacethat makes it livable.We work with being, but non-being is what we use.
Nikola Tesla|You are unmannerly,sharp-tounged, and show no respect for your betters,which is practically everyone given your lowly ravel birth.""I am Edema Ruh to my bones.That means my blood is red.It means I breathe the free air and walk where my feet take me.I do not cringe and fawn like a dog at a man's title.That looks like pride to people who have spent their lives cultivating supple spines"-Kvothe
Ta-Nehisi Coates|When I finally did confront Mr. Arcott, after my return to Falchester, he had the cheek to try and argue that his intellectual thievery had been a compliment and a favor. After all, it meant my work was good enough to be accepted into ibn Khattusi's series -- but of course they never would have taken a submission from a woman, so he submitted it on my behalf. What I said in reply is not fit to be printed here, as by then I had spent a good deal of time in the company of sailors, and had at my disposal a vocabulary not commonly available to ladies of quality.
E.K. Dobbins|All it takes, is one leap of faith.
Oliver Butterworth, The Enormous Egg|Then I said something. I said, Suppose, just suppose, nothing had ever happened. Suppose this was for the first time. Just suppose. It doesn't hurt to suppose. Say none of the other had ever happened. You know what I mean? Then what? I said.
Rob Lowe|I love traveling and seeing new things, learning the histories of different cultures. But I've always wanted to go to the Galapagos to see the giant turtles.
Patrick Henry|By 'justice', I understand nothing more than that bond which is necessary to keep the interest of individuals united, without which men would return to their original state of barbarity. All punishments which exceed the necessity of preserving this bond are, in their nature, unjust.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|We live in an adolescent society, Neverland, where never growing up seems more the norm than the exception. Little boys wearing expensive suits and adult bodies should not be allowed to run big corporations. They shouldn’t be allowed to run governments, armies, religions, small businesses and charities either and just quietly, they make pretty shabby husbands and fathers too. Mankind has become Pankind and whilst “lost boys” abound, there is also an alarming increase in the number of “lost girls.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|You cannot say 'no' to the people you love, not often. That's the secret. And then when you do, it has to sound like a 'yes'. Or you have to make them say 'no.' You have to take time and trouble.
Jenna Evans Welch, Love & Gelato|At this the Wart's eyes grew rounder and rounder, until they were about as big as the owl's who was sitting on his shoulder, and his face got redder and redder, and a breath seemed to gather itself beneath his heart.
Stephen Kinzer|The Brazilian poet Vinicius de Moraes wrote that beauty is fundamental. Well, with the poet's permission, so is courage.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|If I just keep putting one foot in front of the other, it stands to reason that I'm going to get there.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The spiritual power in the gospel is denied when we augment or adjusting gospel into no gospel at all. When we doubt the message alone is the power of God for salvation we start adding or subtracting, trusting our own powers of persuasion or presentation.
Ali Shariati|No one is accountable for existing at all, or for being constituted as he is, or for living in the circumstances and surroundings in which he lives. The fatality of his nature cannot be disentangled from the fatality of all that which has been and will be. He is not the result of a special design, a will, a purpose; he is not the subject of an attempt to attain an 'ideal of man' or an 'ideal of happiness' or an 'ideal of morality'--it is absurd to want to hand over his nature to some purpose or other. We invented the concept 'purpose': in reality purpose is lacking...One is necessary, one is a piece of fate, one belongs to the whole, one is in the whole--there exists nothing which could judge, measure, compare, condemn our being, for that would be to judge, measure, condemn the whole...
George Messo, Violades & Appledown|Imagination's better half can sometimes tilt it's heavy head and wink, as if to say, "That's the way!"And I'd be off at a trot wherever it led.
Gary   Hopkins|We have come to a point in time where using common sense, speaking factual truths and asking honest questions have been deemed radical behavior. While in turn, manipulation, thoughtlessness and dishonesty is often rewarded and rules the day.
William P. Smith, Loving Well|When I realize that God makes his gifts fit each person, there's no way I can covet what you got because it just wouldn't fit me.
Peter Capaldi|In my adolescence, I think I felt very outcast; I felt lonely. I felt great loneliness, and sometimes I wouldn't partake in Christmas, and I would go off and wander in the streets of Melbourne.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|I came to regard my body in a new light. For the first time I apprehended the little mounds on my chest as teats for the suckling of young, and their physical resemblance to udders on cows or the swinging distensions on lactating hounds was suddenly unavoidable. Funny how even women forget what breasts are for.The cleft between my legs transformed as well. It lost a certain outrageousness, an obscenity, or achieved an obscenity of a different sort. The flaps seemed to open not to a narrow, snug dead end, but to something yawning. The passageway itself became a route to somewhere else, a real place, and not merely to a darkness in my mind. The twist of flesh in front took on a devious aspect, its inclusion overtly ulterior, a tempter, a sweetener for doing the species' heavy lifting, like the lollipops I once got at the dentist.
Mahsati Abdul|I am not fake, I am just too good to be true (-:
Scott Stabile|We're not on the same page right now, but that's okay. Were still in the same story, and there's still so much more to be written. I won’t put down my pen if you won’t.
Nelson Algren|I’m now writing out of rage — and I feel a kind of Nietzschean elation. It’s tonic. I roar with laughter. I want to denounce everybody, tell everybody off. I go to my typewriter as I might go to my machine gun. But I’m safe. I don’t have to face the consequences of ‘real’ aggressivity. I’m sending out colis piégés ['booby-trapped packages'] to the world.
Victoria Helen Stone, Evelyn, After|She might have come in the gallery faking the stride of a sexual, confident, dangerous woman, but on the way out, it was all real.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|I know he’s a realist, he’s okay with being alone, and he helps people when he thinks no one is watching.
Susan Forward, When Your Lover Is a Liar: Healing the Wounds of Deception and Betrayal|MAKING THE LIE MAKE SENSE:When denial (his or ours) can no longer hold and we finally have to admit to ourselves that we’ve been lied to, we search frantically for ways to keep it from disrupting our lives. So we rationalize. We find “good reasons” to justify his lying, just as he almost always accompanies his confessions with “good reasons” for his lies. He tells us he only lied because…. We tell ourselves he only lied because…. We make excuses for him: The lying wasn’t significant/Everybody lies/He’s only human/I have no right to judge him.Allowing the lies to register in our consciousness means having to make room for any number of frightening possibilities:•	He’s not the man I thought he was.•	The relationship has spun out of control and I don’t know  what to do•	The relationship may be over. Most women will do almost anything to avoid having to face these truths. Even if we yell and scream at him when we discover that he’s lied to us, once the dust settles, most of us will opt for the comforting territory of rationalization. In fact, many of us are willing to rewire our senses, short-circuit our instincts and intelligence, and accept the seductive comfort of self-delusion.
Eleanor Catton, The Rehearsal|The saxophone does not speak that language. The saxophone speaks the language of the underground, the jaded melancholy of the half-light—grimy and sexy and sweaty and hard. It is the language of orphans and bastards and whores.
Akshay Vasu|It might not be about perfection. Rather, it may be that that which is imperfect is that which has the most character.
Jonathan Haidt, The Happiness Hypothesis: Finding Modern Truth in Ancient Wisdom|Do not allow your children to celebrate the days on which unbelief and superstition are being catered to. They are admittedly inclined to want this because they see that the children of Roman Catholic parents observe those days. Do not let them attend carnivals, observe Shrove Tuesday (Mardi Gras), see Santa Claus, or observe Twelfth Night, because they are all remnants of an idolatrous papacy. You must not keep your children out of school or from work on those days nor let them play outside or join in the amusement. The Lord has said, “After the doings of the land of Egypt, where you lived, shall ye not do: and after the doings of the land of Canaan, where I bring you, you shall not do: neither shall you walk in their ordinances” (Lev. 18:3). The Lord will punish the Reformed on account of the days of Baal (Hosea 2:12-13), and he also observes what the children do on the occasion of such idolatry (Jer. 17:18). Therefore, do not let your children receive presents on Santa Claus day, nor let them draw tickets in a raffle and such things. Pick other days on which to give them the things that amuse them, and because the days of Christmas, Easter, and Pentecost have the same character, Reformed people must keep their children away from these so-called holy days and feast days.
Sai Marie Johnson|A watched pot never boils." It's the same with success. So? Throw that burner on HIGH and just keep on cooking. Dinner will be ready soon.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|There are men who wants only the woman; such are tagged, 'real men', and there are ones who want only their bodies; such are tagged, 'fake men', and there are others who wants neither the woman, nor the body; such are tagged, 'GAY MEN
Angie karan|As I discover, everyday is an adventure...so do what ever the Spirit tells you..don't do things out of drudgery or obligation...each day will unfold as it should...stay restful and try not to be in a hurry...there are things that can wait, and things we don't really need at all...don't be a slave to the everyday routine...we've all been programmed to do things, "just so"..try to shed the programming...you will be surprised how some things that hassle our minds aren't really important at all. And most of all, go out and heal with nature
Alice Hoffman, Here on Earth|She can feel his blood, just beneath his skin; when he breathes, the air fills with smoke. He's like a dragon, ancient and fearless.
Nicole  Lyons|Cover mine eyes, O my Love! Mine eyes that are weary of bliss As of light that is poignant and strong O silence my lips with a kiss, My lips that are weary of song! Shelter my soul, O my love! My soul is bent low with the pain And the burden of love, like the grace Of a flower that is smitten with rain: O shelter my soul from thy face!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|It ended by my almost believing (perhaps actually believing) that this was perhaps my normal condition. But at first, in the beginning, what agonies I endured in that struggle! I did not believe it was the same with other people, and all my life I hid this fact about myself as a secret. I was ashamed (even now, perhaps, I am ashamed): I got to the point of feeling a sort of secret abnormal, despicable enjoyment in returning home to my corner on some disgusting Petersburg night, acutely conscious that that day I had committed a loathsome action again, that what was done could never be undone, and secretly, inwardly gnawing, gnawing at myself for it, tearing and consuming myself till at last the bitterness turned into a sort of shameful accursed sweetness, and at last—into positive real enjoyment! Yes, into enjoyment, into enjoyment! I insist upon that. I have spoken of this because I keep wanting to know for a fact whether other people feel such enjoyment? I will explain; the enjoyment was just from the too intense consciousness of one’s own degradation; it was from feeling oneself that one had reached the last barrier, that it was horrible, but that it could not be otherwise; that there was no escape for you; that you never could become a different man; that even if time and faith were still left you to change into something different you would most likely not wish to change; or if you did wish to, even then you would do nothing; because perhaps in reality there was nothing for you to change into.And the worst of it was, and the root of it all, that it was all in accord with the normal fundamental laws of over-acute consciousness, and with the inertia that was the direct result of those laws, and that consequently one was not only unable to change but could do absolutely nothing. Thus it would follow, as the result of acute consciousness, that one is not to blame in being a scoundrel; as though that were any consolation to the scoundrel once he has come to realise that he actually is a scoundrel.
Kelly Bingham, Formerly Shark Girl|When we are conscious with morality and our duty, we become unpopular as many wish to believe in making matters to their advantage this how the world runs, we all believe in sin if you are religious Wealth without working is greater sin than many we find in Society , however there is no force stronger than convincing our own morality rest all disappears with Time.Dr.T.V.Rao MD
G.K. Chesterton|We fear men so much, because we fear God so little. One fear cures another. When man's terror scares you, turn your thoughts to the wrath of God.
Kathleen Prasad, Everything Animal Reiki: A Simple Guide to Meditating with Animals for Healing|The most important component of the system of Reiki at any level is one’s own daily personal practice, meditation and self-healing. This is the foundation from which all healing experiences with the animals willgrow.
Saeed Jones|Justice and judgement lie often a world apart."~ Emmeline Pankhurst
Paulo Coelho|I ask myself: Are Defeats necessary ?Well,necessary or not, they happen.When we first begin fighting for our dream, we've no experience and make many mistakes.The Secret of life, though,is to fall seven times and to get up eight times !
Rachel Caine, Paper and Fire|History is all around us and you, my lucky few, are living in some of it..
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Goals help you look towards the future with anticipation and excitement rather than with anxiety, and when clearly defined and broken into smaller steps, they enable you pay the price needed to achieve your dreams.
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|It’s a great privilege to not know where you’ll end up, just where you’re headed. It’s the only way to get there.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|Don't look at me like that," said Ruza."Like what?""Like I'm a beautiful book you're about to open and plunder with your greedy mad eyes.
Rob Cowen, Common Ground|A hoverfly is held in a sunbeam, an insect in amber.
Lyndsay Faye, Jane Steele|And in a way I have always thought that words are alive a little, for they can whisper sweet nothings and roar dragon flame with equal efficiency.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|It was obvious from their expressions that they believed the wellbeing of R.’s inhabitants was endangered by my youth. The visit was very enjoyable, but the horror of the previous night still clung to me.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Emancipation was a proclamation, but not a fact.
Deyth Banger|Yesterday was the fucking history... the "Now" is the most vicious part of all... as for tomorrow it's the fucking mystery.
William Burton Pope|Law does, "because God said so!"; Grace does because it understands the reason God said so.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|The cat uses trees, as stated, as many things but here it would not uncommon to see the oak as the marker, not the stone. Cats would spray the tree, not necessarily the rock. A rock as a further marker would be a non-essential redundancy that a cat would more or less ignore. It would be like saying one needed to ignore the law of God (written on the stone) to honour their promise to not honour foreign gods. The human reaction of obvious strangeness would begin here. If the tree is seen as an item to climb, the rendition would get more queer to the human interpretation.
Johnny Carson|It is old age, rather than death, that is to be contrasted with life. Old age is life's parody, whereas death transforms life into a destiny: in a way it preserves it by giving it the absolute dimension. Death does away with time.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|You cannot have an agency that defends your property, which also has the right to violate your property rights at will. That's like hiring a bodyguard that you pay to beat you up randomly.
Arthur Koestler|...My dad, may he rest in peace, taught me many wonderful things. And one of the things he taught me was never ask a guy what you do for a living. He said "If you think about it, when you ask a guy, what do you do you do for a living," you’re saying "how may I gauge the rest of your utterances." are you smarter than I am? Are you richer than I am, poorer than I am?" So you ask a guy what do you do for a living, it’s the same thing as asking a guy, let me know what your politics are before I listen to you so I know whether or not you’re part of my herd, in which case I can nod knowingly, or part of the other herd, in which case I can wish you dead.
SIDDWIN S SHETTY|In the marathon of life, there is no finish line.
Jose Andres|I feel that in horror movies, especially, if you don't care about the characters, you've lost the audience. No one cares, and it becomes a process of watching people get killed.
Alexander McCall Smith, The World According to Bertie|No plaque reminds the passer-by of these glories, although there should be one; for those who invent biscuits bring great pleasure to many.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|God may seem sometimes to forget for a while, whilst his justice reposes, but there always comes a moment when he remembers.
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|There is no truth," Stephanie said mysterously. "Only perspectives.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Someone with a low degree of epistemic arrogance is not too visible, like a shy person at a cocktail party. We are not predisposed to respect humble people, those who try to suspend judgement. Now contemplate epistemic humility. Think of someone heavily introspective, tortured by the awareness of his own ignorance. He lacks the courage of the idiot, yet has the rare guts to say "I don't know." He does not mind looking like a fool or, worse, an ignoramus. He hesitates, he will not commit, and he agonizes over the consequences of being wrong. He introspects, introspects, and introspects until he reaches physical and nervous exhaustion.This does not necessarily mean he lacks confidence, only that he holds his own knowledge to be suspect. I will call such a person an epistemocrat; the province where the laws are structured with this kind of human fallibility in mind I will can an epistemocracy.
Minhal Mehdi|I wanted to let my conscience go, and see how deep I fall.I wanted to let the devil take over, and see if I survive.I love you, Mriga. And for you, I will die.Tonight.
Uray Indira|If it had attempted to strengthen then I still receive, but if that had been repeated to make me give up. So I gave up.
Mirabai Starr, Interior Castle|There is a secret place. A radiant sanctuary. As real as your own kitchen. More real than that. Constructed of the purest elements. Overflowing with the ten thousand beautiful things. Worlds within worlds. Forests, rivers. Velvet coverlets thrown over featherbeds, fountains bubbling beneath a canopy of stars. Bountiful forests, universal libraries. A wine cellar offering an intoxi cation so sweet you will never be sober again. A clarity so complete you will never again forget. This magnificent refuge is inside you. Enter. Shatter the darkness that shrouds the doorway… Believe the incredible truth that the Beloved has chosen for his dwelling place the core of your own being because that is the single most beautiful place in all of creation.
John Noble Wilford, Mars Beckons|Mars tugs at the human imagination like no other planet. With a force mightier than gravity, it attracts the eye to the shimmering red presence in the clear night sky...
Suzanne Somers|Throughout my life, I have tried to share my philosophy that getting and staying healthy doesn't have to feel like work. I don't diet or slave away in a gym - what I do is make excellent food choices.
Tina Schermer Sellers, Sex, God, and the Conservative Church: Erasing Shame from Sexual Intimacy|Mystical organizations are only a crystallization of facts which can be found, in a more diffuse and less tangible form, in all strata of people. The degree of mystical, sentimental and sadistic feelings corresponds exactly to the degree of the disturbance of natural orgastic experience. Close observation of the audience of a trashy thriller or of a boxing match teaches more about these problems than a hundred handbooks of sexology.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|Putting everything on hold to achieve the one thing you think will make you happy will actually mean that you're miserable along the way to getting there, and when you get there, you might find that the thing wanted doesn't make you as happy as you thought it would. Or worse, you've completely forgotten how to be happy.
Stedman Graham|To see your friend's dreams come true, there's really nothing that can make you happier.
Olive Schreiner|My feeling is that there is nothing in life but refraining from hurting others, and comforting those who are sad.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|All definitions are the interpretations of contrasts. What is, helps define what it is not!
Trent Franks|One: balance the budget now, not later. Two: Get Americans jobs by ending illegal immigration and making legal immigration harder. Lastly: Impose term limits.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|I have always believed that women hold this world together with theirlove, passion, inspiration, hard work, vision and willingness to helpothers. Yet, increased responsibility in both our personal and professionallives – to become “superwomen” – is taking a devastating toll onour health and happiness.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|The problem, often not discovered until late in life, is that when you look for things in life like love, meaning, motivation, it implies they are sitting behind a tree or under a rock. The most successful people in life recognize, that in life they create their own love, they manufacture their own meaning, they generate their own motivation. For me, I am driven by two main philosophies, know more today about the world than I knew yesterday. And lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|There’s a passage in John Steinbeck’s “East of Eden” that does a pretty good job describing California’s rainfall patterns:The water came in a 30-year cycle. There would be five to six wet and wonderful years when there might be 19 to 25 inches of rain, and the land would shout with grass. Then would come six or seven pretty good years of 12 to 16 inches of rain. And then the dry years would come ...
Debasish Mridha|You born with three obligations: to love, to live, and to be happy.
Brenda Sutton Rose|I am a hoarder of words, a giver of them, too
Susanna Clarke|It may be laid down as a general rule that if a man begins to sing, no one will take any notice of his song except his fellow human beings. This is true even if his song is surpassingly beautiful. Other men may be in raptures at his skill, but the rest of creation is, by and large, unmoved. Perhaps a cat or a dog may look at him; his horse, if it is an exceptionally intelligent beast, may pause in cropping the grass, but that is the extent of it. But when the fairy sang, the whole world listened to him. Stephen felt clouds pause in their passing; he felt sleeping hills shift and murmur; he felt cold mists dance. He understood for the first time that the world is not dumb at all, but merely waiting for someone to speak to it in a language it understands. In the fairy's song the earth recognized the names by which it called itself.
Dilip Bathija, The Superhero Soul: Quest for Inspiration, Happiness, Success and Greatness|Here I stand now, with a sweet tingling feeling all over, recalling the last time I was here, and I am glad that I am here again, while wondering why I didn’t recognize it earlier. But now I have got the chance to recognize and deal with it more effectively and I know that I can visit this place as many times as I want, and take as many chances as I want, because I finally realize that I, am in total control of my life.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|He had a reputation in society as a man with a lively wit, whose gaiety was pleasant and formidable – which all gaiety must be in a society which would despise you if, while amusing it, you did not make it tremble a little. ("A Woman's Vengeance")
Oscar Niemeyer|There are moments of existence when time and space are more profound, and the awareness of existence is immensely heightened.
Nicholson Baker, The Anthologist|Although Poets are vain and ambitious, their vanity and ambition are of the purest kind attainable in this world. They are ambitious to be accepted for what they altimately are as revealed in their poetry.
Joshua Teya|As humans, it is in our nature to focus on picking ourselves up while the whole world falls apart.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Raven|Then, methought, the air grew denser, perfumed from an unseen censerSwung by Seraphim whose footfalls tinkled on the tufted floor."Wretch," I cried, "thy God hath lent thee--by these angels he hath sent thee--Respite--respite and nepenthe from thy memories of Lenore!Quaff, oh quaff this kind nepenthe, and forget this lost Lenore!"Quothe the Raven, "Nevermore.
Katherine Mansfield, The Garden Party and Other Stories|If you smile when you are alone, then you really mean it, or you're up to something.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|it's not his bodythat changesright away.it's somethinginside. he sayshe wants tobe a littleweaker. i don'tunderstand.i say 'thinner?'and he says'no, i wantto be strongerin a differentway.' notbecause of me,but for me.
John Williams|No matter how much you learn in college, it never prepares you for the real world.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|The city glitters past us with its sharp edges, reminding us of how tiny, how weak, how totally unimportant we are.
Val Kovalin|I do not plan my fiction any more than I normally plan woodland walks; I follow the path that seems most promising at any given point, not some itinerary decided before entry.
Thea Euryphaessa, Running Into Myself|Stories are psycho-diagnostic ― they diagnose the condition of our psyches. When we watch, read or hear a story, whatever detail jumps out reflects an issue in our psyche that requires our attention.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|My dear Scipio and Laelius. Men, of course, who have no resources in themselves for securing a good and happy life find every age burdensome. But those who look for all happiness from within can never think anything bad which Nature makes inevitable.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|There is something magical about running; after a certain distance, it transcends the body. Then a bit further, it transcends the mind. A bit further yet, and what you have before you, laid bare, is the soul.
Vee Hoffman|My mother is European and expresses her love through food and cuddling. She wasn't the type of mother who would make it to school plays or soccer games, but if you wanted to stay at home sick, she was your girl. Whenever you'd go up to her room to cuddle with her, she'd pull out a Kit Kat or Snickers bar from her night table and look at you with dancing eyes.
Rosenna Bakari, Tree Leaves: Breaking The Fall Of The Loud Silence|When there is inconsistency in belief and action (such as being violated by someone who is supposed to love you) our mind has to make an adjustment so that thought and action are aligned. So sometimes the adjustment that the mind makes is for the victim to bring her or his behavior in line with the violator, since the violator cannot be controlled by the victim. Our greatest source of survival is to adapt to our environment. So increasing emotional intimacy with a person who is forcing physical intimacy makes sense in our minds. It resolves cognitive dissonance.
Walter Kaufmann|One need not believe in Pallas Athena, the virgin goddess, to be overwhelmed by the Parthenon. Similarly, a man who rejects all dogmas, all theologies and all religious formulations of beliefs may still find Genesis the sublime book par excellence. Experiences and aspirations of which intimations may be found in Plato, Nietzsche, and Spinoza have found their most evocative expression in some sacred books. Since the Renaissance, Shakespeare, Rembrandt, Mozart, and a host of others have shown that this religious dimension can be experienced and communicated apart from any religious context. But that is no reason for closing my heart to Job's cry, or to Jeremiah's, or to the Second Isaiah. I do not read them as mere literature; rather, I read Sophocles and Shakespeare with all my being, too.
Brigitte Bardot|As men get older, the toys get more expensive.
John Steinbeck, Tortilla Flat|My entire life, I've been fascinated with stories. To everyone else, it seemed like the story itself was enough. But I wanted to know why someone told the story in the first place. Had something happened? Or were they only wishing for something to happen?
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as a child is conceived in a womb of a woman, miraculously, so is grace freely given by God, in sacred moment of salvation.
Jam Master Jay|The human condition today is better than it's ever been, and technology is one of the reasons for that.
Zayn Malik|For cool things to happen, you have to get out of your comfort zone.
Chelsea Radojcic, The Lonely Teddy Bear: Janie's Story|If I become like you, I will have no will of my own. I will have no individuality, I will just be your puppet.’'True.’ Sio smiled thinly. 'But even a puppet may dance before its strings are drawn tight. You will dance, Cass, and the heavens will applaud you.
Raymond Benson, Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty|The more we do to you,the less you seem to believe we are doing it.
Carl Jung|Of all the hard jobs around, one of the hardest is being a good teacher.
Thomas Hood|The smartest thing I ever said was  "Help Me!"
Jimmy Fallon|I have always been a flirt. My mother says whe I was a child, I used to stand outside the house and just smile at everyone who walked by. Like, 'Please take me with you!'
Christopher Soto|Rory said he loved me but wouldn't hold my hand in public. & he wanted so badly to end the pain, but it never went away, it stayed with the people that loved him.
Nancy Kress, Steal Across the Sky|You think intelligence and grit can succeed by themselves, but I'm telling you that's a pretty illusion.
Kenneth Patchen, Collected Poems|Any American who is prepared to run for president should automatically, by definition, be disqualified from ever doing so.
Denise Flaim, Rescue Ink: How Ten Guys Saved Countless Dogs and Cats, Twelve Horses, Five Pigs, One Duck,and a Few Turtles|He attempted to bark the order and succeeded, albeit with more of a chihuahua result than intended.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|When I speak of good hearing, I do not mean listening to others; I mean simply listening to yourself. When I speak of good eyesight, I do not mean looking at others; I mean simply looking at yourself. He who does not look at himself but looks at others, who does not get hold of himself but gets hold of others, is getting what other men have got and failing to get what he himself has got. He finds joy in what brings joy to other men, but finds no joy in what would bring joy to himself.
Zelda Fitzgerald, Save Me the Waltz|David, I’ll fly for you, if you’ll love me!”“Fly, then.”“I can’t fly, but love me anyway.”“Poor wingless child!”“Is it so hard to love me?”“Do you think you are easy, my illusive possession?
Osho, The Book of Secrets|Enlightenment isn't the end but the beginning, the start of a journey that a small group of people begun while the rest sleeps.
Narendra Modi|Other lands may have their charms, and the sunny skies of other climes may be regretted, but it is with pride and gladness that the wanderer sets foot again on British soil, thanking God for the religion and the liberty which have made this weather-beaten island in a northern sea to be the light and glory of the world.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|Those who cannot conquer must bend the knee. They must find strength, or serve those of us who have. You are my generals. I will send you out: my hunting dogs, my wolves with iron teeth. When a city closes its gates in fear, you will destroy it. When they make roads and walls, you will cut them, pull down the stones. When a man raises a sword or bow against your men, you will hang him from a tree. Keep Karakorum in your minds as you go. This white city is the heart of the nation, but you are the right arm, the burning brand. Find me new lands, gentlemen. Cut a new path. Let their women weep a sea of tears and I will drink it all.
Bunny Naidu|When you reach your middle age, you see a train far away and shortly after you watch that train passing rapidly in front of you and finally the train disappears in the horizon like a streak of lightning! And that train, my dear friend, is your life!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Harry — I think I've just understood something! I've got to go to the library!”And she sprinted away, up the stairs. does she understand?” said Harry distractedly, still looking around, trying to tell where the voice had come from.“Loads more than I do,” said Ron, shaking his head.“But why’s she got to go to the library?”“Because that’s what Hermione does,” said Ron, shrugging. “When in doubt, go to the library.
M.C. Frank, No Ordinary Star|So you say there is no Father Christmas,                                                                          You say there is no Santa Claus                                                                                         Reindeer cannot fly, it's all a grown-up lie...
Milan Kundera, Encounter|Art must always stand guard against stirring emotions that lie outside the aesthetic: sexual arousal, terror, disgust, shock.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|When a man goes silent on his ways and plans, you must ponder!
P.G. Wodehouse|I mean to say, I know perfectly well that I've got, roughly speaking, half the amount of brain a normal bloke ought to possess. And when a girl comes along who has about twice the regular allowance, she too often makes a bee line for me with the love light in her eyes. I don't know how to account for it, but it is so.""It may be Nature's provision for maintaining the balance of the species, sir.
P.B.S. Pinchback|In case nobody has told you," she said, "this is the United States of America, where nobody has a right to rely on anybody else--where everybody learns to make his or her own way.
Dezső Kosztolányi, Skylark|Anyone can see that an ass laden with books remains a donkey. A human being laden with the undigested results of a tussle with thoughts and books, however, still passes for wise.
Mary Oliver, A Thousand Mornings|What was it Isak Dinesen had said about salt as a cure? Tears, sweat, or the sea. She could use a cure.
Jason Silva|With any advent in technology, any technological innovation, there is the good and the bad.
Karen Kingsbury, Oceans Apart|I tell of hearts and souls and dances...Butterflies and second chances;Desperate ones and dreamers bound,Seeking life from barren ground,Who suffer on in earthly fateThe bitter pain of agony hate,Might but they stop and here forgiveWould break the bonds to breathe and liveAnd find that God in goodness bringsA chance for change, the hope of wingsTo rest in Him, and self to dieAnd so become a butterfly.
Niall Horan|Being single doesn't mean you're weak, it means that you're strong enough to wait for the right person.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|Sorrow comes in great waves...but rolls over us, and though it may almost smother us, it leaves us. And we know that if it is strong, we are stronger, inasmuch as it passes and we remain.
Sunil Nagaraj|I'm not very good at dating. I'm very decisive. If I like someone, then they're my boyfriend. It's pretty straightforward.
Sarah Dessen|I didn't pretend to know Eli at all, but even so, I'd noticed that his manner was slightly hard to read. It was something in the way he talked that made it difficult to tell whether he was kidding or serious or what. This bothered me. Or intrigued me. Or both.
Debasish Mridha|When you slowly and gently get lost in love, you become infinite.
John Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul|Watching them was like watching the sunset and the sunrise, equally beautiful in different ways.
Jurgen Klopp|Nobody, man or woman, has ever wrecked a good marriage.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Success = Dream x Plan x WorkConscious dreams are essential components of your success. When you are backed up by a convincing dream, meticulous planning, and 100% execution, you are bound to be victorius.
Frank Tipler|While the climate crisis gathers front-page attention on a regular basis, people - even those who profess great environmental consciousness - continue to eat fish as if it were a sustainable practice.
Francis Collins|I think science fiction helps us think about possibilities, to speculate - it helps us look at our society from a different perspective. It lets us look at our mores, using science as the backdrop, as the game changer.
Ben Bryant|Yea, slimy things did crawl with legsUpon the slimy sea.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Charter of the United Nations said in its preamble: “We the people determined to save succeeding generations from war . . .” Can the United Nations save the world from war? The answer is No! It was conceived and created by statesmen who knew little of the significance of the biblical concept of history and the nature of man. When the perspective is wrong, the whole viewpoint will be wrong.
Glenn Hefley|If prevision be a fact, it is a fact which destroys absolutely the entire basis of all our past opinions of the universe.
Melody Carlson, Dark Blue: Color Me Lonely|It’s said that the shuffling of the cards is the earth, and the pattering of the cards is the rain, and the beating of the cards is the wind, and the pointing of the cards is the fire. That’s of the four suits. But the Greater Trumps, it’s said, are the meaning of all process and the measure of the everlasting dance.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|Have you ever been on a roller coaster, Togawa-kun?You're only riding on it for a few minutes, right? If you spent the entire ride thinking "only so many seconds left... until this ride is over..." then what was the point of riding it in the first place?Nobody knows why we're alive. We don't have the time to bother.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Death has come and atoned for all. I have no grievance against the soul of the man before me. Instinctively do I recognise that it soars high above the gravest faults and the cruellest wrongs (and how admirable and full of significance is this instinct!). If there linger still a regret within me, it is not that I am unable to inflict suffering in my turn, but it is perhaps that my love was not great enough and that my forgiveness has come too late. …
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are a path-creator, you don’t need a path!
Jonathan Ames|Over my life as a teacher, women have been too quiet. I'm quiet myself. I don't think I said three words the whole of graduate school.
Terry Crews|When I was younger, I used to say, One day I'll be famous.
Petra March|If I wasn't discovering something, if I wasn't studying, well then, what was I doing? I know I wouldn’t be happy unless I made a difference. So what was the happiness of a moment worth against the happiness of my life?" I let out a breathy laugh and squeeze his hand. "I guess it doesn't matter now.” I stare out over camp, but a glassy sadness blurs my vision. “Have you ever wanted something so much that everything else in the world seemed so small?"He tilts his head toward me, narrowing his eyes. "I'm beginning to.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|This kiss was hello.It was I've missed you, I've craved you, I've never forgotten you. It was love.
Helen Fisher|A body smiles, like, 72 times a day. Where does that smile go? That's what I want to know.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|If they want me to have mysticism, okay, I’ve got it.I’m a mystic, but only in my body,My soul is simple and doesn’t think.
|Always prepare yourself for a financial emergency, even when you don't see a possibility of a rainy day in your future.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|The first man who, having fenced in a piece of land, said "This is mine," and found people naïve enough to believe him, that man was the true founder of civil society. From how many crimes, wars, and murders, from how many horrors and misfortunes might not any one have saved mankind, by pulling up the stakes, or filling up the ditch, and crying to his fellows: Beware of listening to this impostor; you are undone if you once forget that the fruits of the earth belong to us all, and the earth itself to nobody.
Christopher Marlowe, Tamburlaine the Great, Part 1|God is great, God is faithful".~R. Alan Woods [2103]
Christian Wiman, My Bright Abyss: Meditation of a Modern Believer|Writing is emotional...it is baring your soul to the world and waiting for someone to acknowledge and love it, or shun and hate it, or worse be indifferent about it.
Enock Maregesi|I wanted to do something new. The world is becoming a global village and we have to understand these different cultures. There is a Danish culture, an Israeli culture and so on. So if you want to go to Denmark, then read the book.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Professional is an apt definition for me, professional slouch, that is. I can be very professional at seeming to do work, but the real work is trying to do as little as possible, without getting caught by Trip or any nosey busybodies.
Salman Rushdie, Two Years Eight Months and Twenty-Eight Nights|Maybe in the case of true human, their mind, their soul, their consciousness flows through their bodies like blood, inhabiting every cell of their physical being, and so Aristotle was right, in humans the mind and body are one and cannot be separated, the self is both with the body and perishes with it too. She imagined that union with a thrill. How lucky human beings were if that was the case, she wanted to tell Geronimo who was and was not Ibn Rushd: lucky and doomed. When their hearts pounded with excitement their souls pounded too, when their pulses raced their spirits were aroused, hen their eyes moistened with tears of happiness it was their minds that felt the joy. Their minds touched the people their fingers touched, and when they in turn were touched by others it was as if two consciousnesses were briefly joined. The mind gave the body sensuality, it allowed the body to taste delight and to smell love in their lover's sweet perfume; not only their bodies but their minds, too, made love. And at the end the soul, as mortal as the body, learned the last great lesson of life, which was the body's death.
Nicole  Castle, Les Recidivists|Sure I find it very liberating and empowering now; but at first, it took me a while to get used to the uncomfortably vulnerable feeling that comes along with being honest.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Malina|You wouldn't believe it, but apart from a few drunks, a few sex murderers and other men who get into the papers where they are designated as criminals of passion, no normal man with normal drives has the obvious idea that a normal woman would like to be quite normally raped. Part of it is that men aren't normal, but people are incapable of even imagining all the ramifications of the male disease, so accustomed have they become to men's mistakes in judgment and their phenomenal lack of instinct.
Life Coach. Michael Mnyameni|What did Danton lose his head for, or why was there a Napoleon, if it wasn't to make a nobility of us all?
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|I do not believe in taking the right decision, I take a decision and make it right.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Endure the cold, and true love will follow.
Corrie ten Boom|Life is but a Weaving” (the Tapestry Poem)“My life is but a weavingBetween my God and me.I cannot choose the colorsHe weaveth steadily.Oft’ times He weaveth sorrow;And I in foolish prideForget He sees the upperAnd I the underside.Not ’til the loom is silentAnd the shuttles cease to flyWill God unroll the canvasAnd reveal the reason why.The dark threads are as needfulIn the weaver’s skillful handAs the threads of gold and silverIn the pattern He has plannedHe knows, He loves, He cares;Nothing this truth can dim.He gives the very best to thoseWho leave the choice to Him.
Robin Sacredfire|The law of manifestation operates like a triangle: First, know what you want and visualize it as if you already had it; Second, see it behind the illusion of reality, practice it in your decisions, choose the people you hang out with, etc; Third, believe, have faith and work on your emotions to be at the right frequency. This triangle of manifestation is one of the secrets of many religions: Scientology, Freemasonry and Rosicrucianism. In Masonry is seen as "heart, mind and desire"; in Scientology is perceived as "reality, communication and emotions"; basically, "actions, learnings and affinity". In Christianity, is the "Father, son and holy ghost". Father equals reality or Creator of the illusion; The son is the way, the path, our decisions and actions; The holy ghost is our heart, instincts and desires. In word words, through Jesus, and with the power of the Holy Ghost, you reach God. This is an allegory that most Christians can't understand. Jesus represent behavior - right and wrong; holy ghost is faith, your heart and emotions, it's the energy that connects you to your dreams; God represents the architect of reality. So, through moral behavior and emotions, your understand God and life, and then you receive "paradise". This paradise is whatever you dream for yourself. If someone has shown you this way, he has been as an angel, a messenger of God. If someone stopped you from reaching it, he has been as a demon, worker of Satan. If you failed to see this path, you have directed yourself to hell. If you hate your life, you are in hell. If you want to get out of hell, you must accept the truth, and that is that you must know God, for he is the truth.
Deyth Banger|James Altucher reminds me for Stephen King... when is about Stephen King his 2 sons, probably the one or no,no both they look like him.
Riley Shane, Blood Rose|Lust is a tool, desire a trap. Wield the first, and you can take someone’s soul. Fall into the second, and they can take yours. ~ Isadora Conti to Grayson van Court
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|In the absence of any general inference from ‘A is a potential X’ to ‘A has the rights of an X’, we should not accept that a potential person should have the rights of a person, unless we can be given some specific reason why this should hold in this particular case.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|The world is fairly studded and strewn with pennies cast broadside by a generous hand. But- and this is the point- who gets excited by a mere penny? But if you cultivate a healthy poverty and simplicity, so that finding a penny will literally make your day, then, since the world is in fact planted in pennies, you have with your poverty bought a lifetime of days.
Dean Winchester Jensen Ackles|A vision of the Shining One swirling into our world, a monstrous, glorious flaming pillar of incarnate, eternal Evil--of people passing through its radiant embrace into that hideous, unearthly life-in-death which I had seen enfold the sacrifices--of armies trembling into dancing atoms of diamond dust beneath the green ray's rhythmic death--of cities rushing out into space upon the wings of that other demoniac force which Olaf had watched at work--of a haunted world through which the assassins of the Dweller's court stole invisible, carrying with them every passion of hell--of the rallying to the Thing of every sinister soul and of the weak and the unbalanced, mystics and carnivores of humanity alike; for well I knew that, once loosed, not any nation could hold the devil-god for long and that swiftly its blight would spread!
Azim Jamal & Brian Tracy, What You Seek Is Seeking You|Whenever you have a problem, take a few minutes to meditate. You’ll be amazed at the renewed clarity that you’ll bring to the issue.
|Negative experiences don't create fears, doubts, anger, grudges, low self-esteem, low self-confidence, jealousy, stress or depression; one's repeated negative interpretations of them do.
Isaac Newton|People want to think of economics as a natural science, like physics, with the comforting reliability of simple-to-understand theories like F=MA. Unfortunately, it isn't. Economics is a social science, and the so-called theories are really social and moral constructs.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|As awful as he could be, I always knew he loved me in a way no one else ever had.
Debasish Mridha|When you act with your heart, the universe conspires to help with your act.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|The scenario where the sprawling anti-hero gets his comeuppance and the champion walks off into the sunset with his arm around the prize, usually a woman, is a pleasing one. This media personification of what a hero is all about used to be the common norm. Examining past events can confirm this convoluted outlook that sees the baddie being portrayed as some sort of evil manifestation sent to cause havoc by any means possible.
Abigail Owen, Blue Violet|I just finished running, and I look and smell like nothing very pleasant. Why, oh, why did he have to bump into me now?
Cinda Williams Chima, The Exiled Queen|Surround yourselves with trustworthy people. If you don't, all the weaponry and tactics in the world can't save you.
Jessye Norman|The measure of success is not whether you have a tough problem to deal with, but whether it is the same problem you had last year.
Debra Fileta|Do you like my brother?" And there goes Dan's confidence. He keeps his eyes resolutely on the field. "Uh... yes? I mean... I think everyone likes your brother, don't they?" She leans over and gives him a little hip check. "No, you know what I mean. Do you /like/ him?" Dan just states out at the horses, hoping that one of them will do something, anything, to distract this girl from her question. But the horses just keep grazing and Tat continues. "'Cause he likes you. I mean, he likes Jeff, too, but... you can like two people at once, right?" "Uh... yes? I think you can like two people at once." "Yeah. I know it's none of my business or whatever, but... I just wanted to make sure you know... if you like him, that's cool with me. I mean, I like Jeff too, but... you know." Dan has a brief moment of wanting to shake her. No, he /doesn't/ know. Is everything really so clear to everyone but him? Is he just adding extra complications where they don't need to be? Then he remembers that he's talking to a fifteen-year-old girl. Maybe she shouldn't be the arbiter of what's simple or complicated. He realizes that she's still waiting for a response from him. "Okay, well... thanks for letting me know." "Are you guys going to, like... date?""Sweet Jesus, Tat, I don't know!" Possibly that's a bit of an overreaction, but she looks more amused than upset. "All right, all right...." She gets a mischievous look in her eyes.
David Axelrod|Many low-income children face chronic stress from nutritional deprivation or persistent violence at home or in the community. By addressing their medical, emotional and developmental needs through a comprehensive clinical care model, we can lower their risk of developing long-term physical and mental health issues.
Hilda Solis|As is known, it is in the realm of experience inaugurated by psychoanalysis that we may grasp along what imaginary lines the human organism, in the most intimate recesses of its being, manifests its capture in a symbolic dimension.
Shilpa Menon|Climate Change is a bit like our advanced societies. Too late to "fix." The only choice left is that we adapt to what we've created.
Lailah Gifty Akita, The Alphabets of  Success: Passion Driven Life|The most important thing is not to achieve success, but to keep it so that it would be stable.
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|the marketplace is capable only of calculating exclusive costs; that is; excluding all possible costs that interfere with profit. Leadership of society requires the calculation of inclusive costs. To invoke the marketplace, as if calling upon the Holy Spirit, is to limit ourselves to the narrow and short-term interests of exclusion.(IV - From Managers and Speculators to Growth)
Brandi Salazar, Spring Cleaning|Terri had already gotten her panties into a bunch just from one little phone call, so he knew coming at her too much too fast would be more trouble than it was worth. He couldn’t exactly beat her into submission, not right away anyway. Although he did enjoy seeing her get all riled up. Nothing tugged at a man’s heartstrings like a pair of mascara smeared eyes. Randy from Spring Cleaning-- Coming Summer 2012
Alexandra Silber, After Anatevka: A Novel Inspired by Fiddler on the Roof|Free a man of the constraints that limit and inhibit his development, and you have a free human being. Freedom is the natural state of man.” He looked away from the boy for a moment and recalled his youth, his own search for self. “My boy,” he imparted with a ferocious passion that shook them both by the throat, “there is nothing negative about our human potential—do you understand me? God Himself created you the way you are. Do not let anyone in this world convince you otherwise. And you are capable of anything, my boy. There is and shall always be a disparity among the gifts God has granted men, but we all deserve equal consideration. All men, no matter how low, how basic, or how tormented, deserve compassion, dignified brotherhood, and respect.	“But part of respecting all men is respecting ourselves. Recognizing that God has blessed you. By embracing these gifts, we live as God lives, with love for all He has created—with an open heart.
Watchman Nee, The Normal Christian Life|Lord, I am willing to break MY heart that I might satisfy THY heart.
Shaykh Mohammed Aslam|Sufism (tasawwuf) is not wearing clothes that you patched; it is not weeping when the singers sing their songs; and it is not dancing, shouting, experiencing ecstatic states, or passing out as if you’ve gone mad. Rather, Sufism is to become whole without any impurities; to follow the truth, the Qur’an, and this religion; and to be seen in a state of awe, broken and remorseful about all of your sins.
Joseph Conrad|Every age is fed on illusions, lest men should renounce life early and the human race come to an end.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Man’s primary purpose is not to be happy but to continue to live, to continue to travel - happily or unhappily - on the path of life!
Edmund Crispin|None but the most blindly credulous will imaging the characters and events in this story to be anything but fictitious. It is true that the ancient and noble city of Oxford is, of all the towns of England, the likeliest progenitor of unlikely events and persons. But there are limits.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|Talk to me. Say something, anything," he pleaded quietly as if he was trying to tame a wild animal."There's nothing to say."He looked up and lowered his eyebrows on his eyes. "Why did you kiss me?
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|I often find myself grateful for the comfort of strangers; a man who gave up his seat for me on the bus, a woman who helped me out with a heavy shopping bag. Remembering small acts of kindness puts the world in a finer, sweeter order.
hafsa atique birth of a daughter|my mothersensed awar in herwomb,and so sheraised meto fight.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Jesus--if Kilgore Trout could only write!" Rosewater exclaimed. He had a point: Kilgore Trout's unpopularity was deserved. His prose was frightful. Only his ideas were good.
Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka|Biographers know nothing about the intimate sex lives of their own wives, but they think they know all about Stendhal’s or Faulkner’s.
Julia Quinn, When He Was Wicked|The Hardest thing about being broken, isn't the Love you don't receive, It's the Love you long to give that nobody wants..
Rainer Maria Rilke|The deepest experience of the creator is feminine, for it is experience of receiving and bearing.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|A GUIDED TOUR OF SUFFERING: To your left, perhaps your right, perhaps even straight ahead, you find a small black room. In it sits a Jew. He is scum. He is starving. He is afraid. Please - try not to look away.
Desiree Williams, Illusionary|Ah, my wee sprite." He released the lock of hair and leaned closer. "If learning to fly is your desire, then fly you shall.
Michael LaRocca, The Last Titan|I have a question for you. When you were a little boy, is this the man you dreamed of becoming?
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|But she’s going to have a lot of problems."THAT’S WHAT LIFE IS ALL ABOUT. SO I’M TOLD. I WOULDN’T KNOW, OF COURSE."What about reincarnation?"Death hesitated.YOU WOULDN’T LIKE IT, he said. TAKE IT FROM ME."I’ve heard that some people do it all the time."YOU’VE GOT TO BE TRAINED TO IT. YOU’VE GOT TO START OFF SMALL AND WORK UP. YOU’VE NO IDEA HOW HORRIBLE IT IS TO BE AN ANT."It’s bad?"YOU WOULDN’T BELIEVE IT. AND WITH YOUR KARMA AN ANT IS TOO MUCH TO EXPECT.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|There's something about her.It's not her smile or grace,It's not her beauty or race,It's not her scent or warm embrace,Maybe it's her laugh or the shape of her face.No, that's not the case.It's just her.
Albert Einstein|The word 'God' is for me nothing more than the expression and product of human weaknesses, the Bible a collection of honorable, but still primitive legends which are nevertheless pretty childish. No interpretation, no matter how subtle, can (for me) change this.
Mary Calmes, Crucible of Fate|I couldn’t resist the urge to reach over to the gearshift and put my hand over Wesley’s. His skin was warm and soft, and I could feel his pulse throbbing steadily beneath my palm. I forgot about my stupid car and my fight with Casey. I just wanted Wesley to smile again. Even that cocky grin would have worked. I hated that he was so hurt by the possibility of losing his sister’s respect. I wanted to comfort him. I cared abou
James Taranto|Because of racism, he can't govern effectively' is not a great argument for re-election.
Munia Khan|The real satire starts when I’m shockingly mocked,not mockingly shocked.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|Does the butterfly lose time in the months it grows from caterpillar to flying beauty? One day, I’m going to want to sleep twelve hours at a stretch and I won’t be able to. I’m not losing time. I am going through a metamorphosis.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|When you focus, you can achieve anything. If you have no focus, you will achieve nothing.
Norah Raleigh Baskin|Proper writing ink comes in a bottle, can be swirled like brandy in a glass, and smells like apple blossom after rain.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Always let your talent and tenacity do the talking. Never your tantrums or sense of self righteousness or entitlement. For it is your talent and tenacity that will carve out, shape and seal your possibilities and destiny.
Regina Brett, God Is Always Hiring: 50 Lessons for Finding Fulfilling Work|I used to think only people like Mother Teresa and Gandhi had a mission in life. We all have one. How do you find it? You listen to your life.All those dead-end jobs? There's no such thing. In God's economy, nothing is ever wasted. The dots all connect in time.
Robin Wasserman, Girls on Fire|I took up space. I was a collection of cells and memories, awkward limbs and clumsy fashion crimes; I was the repository of my parents' expectations and evidence of their disappointments
Vaddey Ratner, In the Shadow of the Banyan|words, you see," he said, looking at me again, "allow us to make permanent what is essentially transient.Turn a world filled with injustice and hurt into a place that is beautiful and lyrical.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It is the garden of peace you seek, but it is not a tangible place that exists in the world — it is within. Go there, within.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I stood lonely enough, but to that feeling of isolation I was accustomed: it did not oppress me much.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Aha! #20 It's not what happens to you in life, it's what you do with what happens that counts.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Then you must tell them that love isn't something like a grindstone that's the same thing everywhere and do the same thing to everything it touches. Love is like the sea. It is a moving thing, but still and all, it takes its shape from the shore it meets, and its different with every shore." (written properly and not in slang)
Ernest Hemingway|What creates freedom? A revolution in the streets? Mass protest? Civil war? A change of government? The ousting of the old guard and its replacement by the new? History, more often than not, shows that hopes raised by such events are often dashed, sooner rather than later.
James Hauenstein|Before you start your full day of watching Equestrian Square Dancing, Soccer Balling, Hoop Dreaming, Cricket Batting, Rugby Punching, Volleyball Chopping, Skateboard Falling, Martial Arts Bowing, Bicycle Peddlers, and College Football Hecklers, maybe we have time to learn somethingScientifically.
Joseph von Fraunhofer|For [Wolfgang] Pauli the central problem of electrodynamics was the field concept and the existence of an elementary charge which is expressible by the fine-structure constant ... 1/137. This fundamental pure number had greatly fascinated Pauli, .... For Pauli the explanation of the number 137 was the test of a successful field theory, a test which no theory has passed up to now.
G.K. Chesterton|Every social ethic is doomed to failure if it is blind to personal responsibility" (The Ten Commandments, 10).
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|Every new star that is found in the sky will lend of its rays to the passions, and thoughts, and the courage, of man. Whatever of beauty we see in all that surrounds us, within us already is beautiful; whatever we find in ourselves that is great and adorable, that do we find too in others.
Alice McDermott, After This|His love for his children bore down on his heart with the weight of three heavy stones. There were all his unnamed fears for them, and hopes for them. There was all he was powerless to change, including who they were--one too mild, one too easily tempted to be cruel, and the little girl (it was the weight of a heavy stone against his heart) a mystery to him, impossible to say what she, through her life, would need. And soon, one more.
Pamela Clare, Surrender|_I_ boil it." Joseph entered last, closing the door behind them. "Last time, you burnt it."Connor glared at Joseph. "We were attacked! What would you have me tell the Abenaki? 'I cannae fight just now. I'm makin' candy. Would you like a wee taste?
Amy Leach, Things That Are|Taking Morgana with it, the lightning arced back through the clouds; leaving behind nothing but the last echoing remains of her scream.
Jon Chopan, Pulled from the River|This, I suppose, is part of being human, learning from our losses how better to appreciate what is left in their wake.
Og Mandino|By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
Benjamin Zander, The Art of Possibility: Transforming Professional and Personal Life|In the measurement world, you set a goal and strive for it. In the universe of possibility, you set the context and let life unfold.
Anne Frank, Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl|Call it professional interest. You see, Jessamine, love is a kind of poison; one of my favorite kinds, in fact. It infects the blood; it takes over the mind; it seizes dominion over the body. It amuses me to think of him pining for you. Aching for what he cannot have. The loneliness in his soul is festering like a wound. There is nothing I could do for him that is worse that what you have already done, my lovely. And I assure you, in his case there will be no cure.
G. Norman Lippert, James Potter and the Morrigan Web|Unfortunately, as anyone who has lived through a tragedy knows, life does, rather infuriatingly, go on.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ 2 (Read Chapter One): Preparing for God's Paradise|You are unshakable, the Lord is your rock, and redeemer, when the words of your mouth and the meditation of your heart are pleasing before Him. Psalm 9:14
Jacqueline Woodson, Each Kindness|This is what kindness does, Ms.Albert said. Each little thing we do goes out, like a ripple, into the world.
Elton John|I think Jesus was a compassionate, super-intelligent gay man who understood human problems. On the cross, he forgave the people who crucified him. Jesus wanted us to be loving and forgiving. I don't know what makes people so cruel. Try being a gay woman in the Middle East -- you're as good as dead.
Rose Wynters, The Vampire's House of Pleasure: Part One|Sensuality isn’t a crime,though you act like showing a little skin will kill you.
Jonathan Maberry|Chong said, "Do yourself a favor, Morg. Next time you're staring at a girl's boobs, look up. You'll be shocked to learn it, but there's going to be a face up there. Nose, mouth, eyes. And behind the eyes is an actual pe
Orson Scott Card|While the characters drive the epic story of Robotech, it’s the robotic mecha that capture the imagination.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The things you escape have the ability to catch you, one or other day! Stop running away! Meet them and defeat them!
Kevin Dalton|We live, we love, we let it go.
Jellis Vaes|But something happened when I got out into the world, something that changed me. It was the reconnection of being at one with yourself and with this world.
Queen Elizabeth II|When Maurice touched a keyboard, it was like something from a movie, magical. He would always give you something from a movie, and you'd go, what did you just play... immediately inspirational writings, amazing. That's what we're going to miss.
John Updike|That a marriage ends is less than ideal; but all things end under heaven, and if temporality is held to be invalidating, then nothing real succeeds.
Max Planck, Scientific Autobiography and Other Papers|A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
Michael Barrett, A Calendar of Scottish Saints|The girl stopped and looked as if she might pull back in surprise, but instead stood regarding Montag with eyes so dark and shining and alive, that he felt he had said something quite wonderful. But he knew his his mouth had only moved to say hello,
Werner Herzog, Conquest of the Useless: Reflections from the Making of Fitzcarraldo|Tibby sat on the outside of a group of kids in the film program. There was a lot of dark clothing and heavy footwear, and quite a few piercings glinting in sunlight. They had invited her to sit with them while they all finished up their lunches before film seminar. Tibby knew that they had invited her largely because she had a ring in her nose. This bugged her almost as much as when people excluded her because she had a ring in her nose.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Still, how I nearly felt. In the midst of all that looking.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Live & Remember|Contrast is important in life. We understand what light is because we can compare it with what we know is dark. Sweet is made sweeter after we eat something bitter. It’s the very same with sadness. And it’s important to experience sadness, to embrace it in order to truly know happiness. I was just a flat line until he came along. And maybe now I’m hurting. But isn’t that what love is supposed to do? Make you feel, make you brave, make you look at yourself more carefully?
Parashar Pandya|A great music Download may be the digital transfer associated with music online in to a good device in a position to decoding along with playing it, these types of being a home computer, MP3 player or perhaps Smart Phone. your term encompasses both legal downloads as well as downloads involving copyright material without having permission or even legal payment. Based on an Nielsen report, downloadable music accounted intended for 55.9% involving just about all music sales in the you in 2012. Just as of January 2011, Apple's iTunes shop alone created $1.1 billion regarding earnings at the primary quarter involving the fiscal year.Popular on the web music shops The item sell downloadable singles along with albums include your own iTunes Store,mirchi-fun.com. Paid downloads are usually sometimes encoded inside Digital Rights Management That restricts copying your own music or perhaps playing obtained songs at certain digital audio players. these are almost always compressed using a lousy codec which reduces file size as well as bandwidth requirements. these music resources may be formulated like a answer to be able to expanding technology along with Specifications involving customers That wanted easy, effortless entry to help music. it is corporation devices respond towards "download revolution" through generating legal providers attractive regarding users.Even legal music downloads have faced a number of challenges via artists, Record labels along with the working Industry Association regarding America. within July 2007, ones Universal Music Group decided not in order to renew their long-term contracts throughout iTunes. the actual decision are primarily based on your issue connected with pricing connected with songs, As Universal wanted in order to charge further or perhaps less relying towards the artist, an shift away by mirchi-fun.com' standard—at your time—99 cents per song pricing. numerous industry leaders \'m It This can be lone your current first associated with numerous show-downs between Apple Inc. along with the several Sign labels Some artists offer downloading the songs by it is websites or maybe the online music store, often as a short preview or low-quality sample. for example, iTunes will allow listening to a short preview of your song to listen for you to This sooner buying. the particular replaces listening to music throughout a good shop before purchase. Others embed services inside the sites That handle one or album purchases.According to be able to research by the site Torrent Freak, 38% associated with Swedish artists support file share downloading in addition to claim This The item helps artists throughout early task stages. the Swedish rock group Lamont features profited coming from file sharing.
Robbie Williams|On an emotional level, success in America would be terrible for me; it would be insane. I really, seriously, never want to be famous here.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|We laugh and jest at what we call “street boys or area boys” instead of thinking of what we could do, to get them occupied or send them to school and create work opportunities for them. We rather choose to build walls around our compounds, electrocuted fences to protect out interest and personal comfort. That only shows lack of Personal Responsibility.
John Piper, When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight for Joy|Indeed the devil thinks more true thoughts about God in one day than a saint does in a lifetime, and God is not honored by it. The problem with the devil is not his theology, but his desires. Our chief end is to glorify God, the great Object. We do so most fully when we treasure him, desire him, delight in him so supremely that we let goods and kindred go and display his love to the poor and the lost.
Ade McOran-Campbell, Fountellion in The Spiral|It is the darkness that makes the light visible, and not the other way around.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Yeah, well, when they say ‘You know it’s a long way, don’t you?’ what they really mean is: ‘You know it’d be faster if you just rode a kangaroo, don’t you?
Jimmy Iovine|As a father, you want the best for your son, quite obviously. You want to create the best memories for your son.
Auliq Ice|For one to succeed, one must be a assured of failure.
Kirk Mango|Come in early, so there'll be time to pop corn,' Mrs. Ray said. If she mentioned popping corn, they always came in early. So she usually mentioned it.
Barbara Oakley, A Mind for Numbers: How to Excel at Math and Science|A synthesis—an abstraction, chunk, or gist idea—is a neural pattern. Good chunks form neural patterns that resonate, not only within the subject we’re working in, but with other subjects and areas of our lives. The abstraction helps you transfer ideas from one area to another. That’s why great art, poetry, music, and literature can be so compelling. When we grasp the chunk, it takes on a new life in our own minds—we form ideas that enhance and enlighten the neural patterns we already possess, allowing us to more readily see and develop other related patterns. Once we have created a chunk as a neural pattern, we can more easily pass that chunked pattern to others, as Cajal and other great artists, poets, scientists, and writers have done for millennia, Once other people grasp that chunk, not only can they use it, but also they can more easily create similar chunks that apply to other areas in their lives—an important part of the creative process.
Francis Bacon|I'm still at the beginning of my career. It's all a little new, and I'm still learning as I go.
Paramahansa Yogananda, Where There is Light: Insight and Inspiration for Meeting Life's Challenges|Making others happy, through kindness of speech and sincerity of right advice, is a sign of true greatness. To hurt another soul by sarcastic words, looks, or suggestions, is despicable.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
Y.S. Lee|I have never been reduced to begging somebody to leave me alone, but in your case I’ll make an exception.
Virginia Postrel|The Internet is the first technology since the printing press which could lower the cost of a great education and, in doing so, make that cost-benefit analysis much easier for most students. It could allow American schools to service twice as many students as they do now, and in ways that are both effective and cost-effective.
Ken Lukowiak, A Soldiers Song: True Stories From The Falklands|One soldier picked up a dead Argentine, supported the corpse's weight underneath his arm, put a cigarette in the dead man's mouth, then one in his own. He then held a lighter under the corpse's cigarette and his friend took a photograph. They both laughed. I also laughed.This was foolish ― smoking can kill.
John Polkinghorne|If we are seeking to serve the God of truth then we should really welcome truth from whatever source it comes. We shouldn’t fear the truth. Some of it will be from science, obviously, but by no means all of it. It will sometimes by perplexing, how this bit of truth relates to that bit of truth; we know that within science itself often enough and we find it outside of science as well. The crucial thing is to be honest.
Hayley Long, Downside Up|We can't calm waves, but we can steer the ship.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Why should you want to give up a child's wise not-understanding in exchange for defensiveness and scorn, since not-understanding is, after all, a way of being alone, whereas defensiveness and scorn are a participation in precisely what, by these means, you want to separate yourself from.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|While you're governing the colony and I'm writing political philosophy, They'll never guess that in the darkness of night we sneak into each other's room and play checkers and have pillow fights.
Richelle Mead|It does. This is how it should have been anyway.' I caught my breath as he kissed my neck, teeth grating my skin. 'And I'll take back what's mine.
Jane Smiley|I always see where I didn't do things the right way. I only see the heavy lifting. That's a bit of my wisdom, if you want to call it that.
Deyth Banger|I never thought you'd treat me like I'm nothing.Even when my sharp mouth would fire off at least I'd always speak to you.I've never ignored you for days on end and never once did I question you. Now, I don't know how you feel.I don't know where you are or what you're doingI don't know who your with or who you're thinking aboutAnd my god do I miss you and every inch of youAll I can think about is the spaces between your fingers which my hand fit perfectly.The rhythm of our bodies in the night.The way you would look at me,You'd melt me with a glance and now,I'm crying over youAnd I miss you Please Come back to me
Enrique Iglesias|I've done a road trip across Italy with a girlfriend, and that was very romantic. I think that road trips are probably one of the romantic things you can do. To take your girlfriend and just stay wherever; don't have a destination and just drive and see where the road takes you is pretty cool.
Anonymous|To love a person is to learn the song that is in their heart, and to sing it to them when they have forgotten- the secrets of married women by Carol Mason
John Green|History reminds us that revolutions are not events, so much that they’re processes – that for tens of thousands of years, people have been making decisions that irrevocably shaped the world that we live in today; just as today, we are making subtle, irrevocable decisions that people of the future will remember as revolutions.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|For me, every book is an individual with its own identity and has to be nurtured and taken care of, so that it may survive for a longer period.
Viorel Muha|The cry of true love which is abandoned, is like the scream of the bird when it dies!
Dada Bhagwan|What is the nature of the Self (Soul)? To ‘see’ the dharma (function) of everything, to see ‘who is performing what function, and how that function is being performed.’ To ‘see’ it, is called the function of the Self (Soul).
Daniele Varè, The Maker of Heavenly Trousers|Western funerals: black hearses, and black horses, and fast-fading flowers. Why should black be the colour of death? Why not the colours of a sunset?
James Lankford|All our lives are enriched by the leadership and excellence and confidence of female athletes, whether the Mia Hamms and Maya Moores we know or the field hockey, lacrosse and track and field athletes we do not necessarily know.
Jessica Bennett, Feminist Fight Club: An Office Survival Manual for a Sexist Workplace|If you can kill it in the bedroom, chances are you can kill it in the kitchen, too—and studies have shown that men who help out more with the chores have more sex with their wives (really!). We know, gender roles run deep, which is why women in hetero relationships still end up doing the vast majority of the domestic work despite being the breadwinners in two-thirds of American homes, leaving them burned out, resentful, and, nope, not really in the mood. But it doesn’t have to be this way—and, in fact, we might want to borrow a page from our LGBTQ sisters and brothers (or those who identify as neither): research shows they split chores, decisions, and finances more evenly
Dada Bhagwan|Whatever activity one sees in this world, it is discharge of previously charged karma. Man has nothing to do with it. He only does egoism here of, ‘I did samayik (introspective meditation).’ He creates a karmic account! He becomes entrapped! He takes enjoyment from tasting sweetness of subtle pride of doer-ship.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Lovely|She’d run over Dankyo in an instant to get to Theo. Be a darn big bump in the road, but she’d do it.
James Russell Lowell|I have a business manager and a book-keeper who deals with our household bills. My husband and I sit down with her for a weekly report on how much money is going out, but I'm not terribly interested, and I don't have the patience for it.
Megan Frampton, No Groom at the Inn|Never before had he seen a woman so angry—or so seductive. It rendered him speechless. He couldn’t fight the compulsion to kiss her.She punched him on the chin, snapping his head back.
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|I think it's our obligation to play, Honor. It's just a game, so can I kiss you?”"Yes.""Plan on one minute in heaven, Honor." A split second later his lips were on hers.
Matt Maher|A person that only looks to benefit from other people, usually ends up alone.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Fatigue is here, in my body, in my legs and eyes. That is what gets you in the end. Faith is only a word, embroidered.
Michael Ben Zehabe, The Meaning of Hebrew Letters: A Hebrew Language Program for Christians|If the Old Testament were a reliable guide in the matter of capital punishment, half the people in the United States would have to be killed tomorrow.
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Counting by 7s|For someone grieving, moving forward is the challenge. Because after extreme loss, you want to go back.
Bill Goldberg|It's also a question of finding good material and interesting roles. I'm not the only actress out there, and good parts just don't fall into your lap that easily. But I like most of the films I've made recently and so I'm pretty positive about the future.
Robert Browning|how sad and bad and mad it was - but then, how it was sweet
Said Nursi|Combining music, theater and comedy is a new and broader form of expression. In certain combinations you can make people laugh one moment, cry the next, and then be astounded by the beauty of the music.
Anthony T. Hincks|Love seeks out that desperate, lonely, frightened place inside each of us and coaxes it out into the daylight, so that it can eviscerate it in the burning heat of the sun.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Be not anxious;yesterday is your experience, today is your experiment and tomorrow is your expectation. Maximize the time!
Alfred P. Sloan|If you could get up the courage to begin, you have the courage to succeed.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In a simple street you can find the whole world: You can find joy and sorrow; you can find good and evil, silence and noise; you can find all the comedies and all the tragedies! An ordinary simple street is the mirror of the whole world!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man could outpace his shadow, he would still find it waiting for him at the finishing line.
Diana Wynne Jones, Fire and Hemlock|To love someone enough to let them go, you had to let them go forever or you did not love them that much.
Saul Bellow, Herzog|History, memory - that is what makes us human, that, and our knowledge of death: 'by man came death'. For knowledge of death makes us wish to extend our lives at the expense of others. And this is the root of the struggle for power.
Tony Visconti|When I was five my parents bought me a ukulele for Christmas. I quickly learned how to play it with my father's guidance. Thereafter, my father regularly taught me all the good old fashioned songs.
Charlotte Featherstone, Lust|He towered over her, dwarfing her with his height and the bulk of his body which was clothed in the way of a mortal gentleman. He felt and heard that voice tremble inside her, replaced the rational voice she allowed to go unchecked. 'He could break me, hurt me, dominate me'."Not break. Not hurt." he murmured as he raised a hand to her cheek and smoothed his fingers down its softness, "But dominate you? Yes. Master you? yes. Make you yield to what you want, make you surrender to who you truly are? Yes.
Will Cuppy|All zoos, even the most enlightened, are built upon the idea both beguiling and repellent—the notion that we can seek out the wildness of the world and behold its beauty, but that we must first contain that wildness. Zoos argue that they are fighting for the conservation of the Earth, that they educate the public and provide refuge and support for vanishing species. And they are right. Animal-rights groups argue that zoos traffic in living creatures, exploiting them for financial gain and amusement. And they are right. Caught inside this contradiction are the animals themselves, and the humans charged with their well-being.
Hunter S. Thompson, Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga|He felt a deep urge to put some order in this chaos. Leaning against a large standing-stone by the wayside, he drew out his dreambook and began to write.
Anne Rice|Be kind. Always if you have a choice, be kind.
Kishore Bansal|Bad luck was a fact of life and one dealt with it or not.Good luck, on the other hand, was something one created.
Masrour Barzani|Iraq is a fabricated state that has failed. It has always been a failure. It exists on the map. On the map, it has some borders, but these borders weren’t drawn naturally.
Donna Lynn Hope|We're all vulnerable. Mix the wrong feelings together, the right kind of bad with the wrong kind of good, and you'll wind up with a total breakdown.
Scott Douglas|First paycheck I get, I thought, I'm going to get myself a room near the downtown L.A. Public Library.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There are many standards to measure if a person was successful including did they fill a niche role in society, invent something useful, attain professional distinction, or achieve great wealth. A person might also judge someone a success in life if they laughed frequently, were kind to children and animals, and were truthful, loved by their family, and respected by their friends.
Imania Margria|We always want to hold on tight to those we love; but if we intend to keep those we love, we must let go every once in awhile.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Destiny, I feel is also a relationship-a play between grace and willful self-effort. Half of it you have no control over, half of it is absolutely in your hands and your actions will show measurable consequences. Man is neither entirely a puppet of the gods, nor is he entirely the captain of his own destiny; he’s a little of both. We gallop through our lives like circus performers balancing on two speeding side-by-side horses-one foot is on the horse called “fate” the other on the horse called “free will”. And the question you have to ask everyday is, Which horse is which? Which horse do I need to stop worrying about because it’s not under my control, and which do I need to steer with concentrated effort?
Sandeep Sahajpal|If you want to enjoy confidence, engagement, positive feedback, connection, and reward in your relationships, start being and doing what it takes to make it happen.
Emily M. Danforth|I knew this id who very bravely and bossily came out of the closet when she was only fourteen years old. She told me then that we can't choose who we love. We just love the people we love, no matter what anyone else might want for you.
Kanye West|Anyone can count the seeds in an apple, but only God can count the number of apples in a seed.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A man without money is like a windmill left without the wind, don’t you ever forget this!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Being healthy is a way of life. It’s not just about what you feed your body; it’s about what you feed your mind and the social environment you keep. Make healthy food choices, exercise your body and brain, and choose your friends wisely.
Eddie Lenihan, Meeting the Other Crowd|The world beyond the water was a blue of green and stone and blue. A moment later Yoshi pushed through, the water pouring down in sheets so smooth it looked like glass, and stepped into the calm [p. 296]
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|I think I need to take frequent breaks from kissing your body to return to your lips, kissing you feels so good.
Vanessa Lachey|I'm not the first person to say this, but communication at 'SNL' - I don't want to say it's not good, but unless you ask questions, you will not know what's going on.
Jeremy Bean|Women are all born with a special, independent organ that allows them to lie. This was Dr. Tokai's personal opinion. It depends on the person, he said about the kind of lies they tell, what situation they tell them in, and how the lies are told. But at a certain point in their lives, all women tell lies, and they lie about important things. They lie about unimportant things, too, but they also don't hesitate to lie about the most important things. And when they do, most women's expressions and voices don't change at all, since it's not them lysing, but this independent organ they're equipped with that's acting on its own. That's why - except for a few special cases - they can still have a clear conscience and never lose sleep over anything they say.
Thomas Sowell|Chinese commentaries stress the opportunity that the investments and aid they offer presents to developing countries to avoid the hazards of reliance on Western dominated financial institutions: austerity programs that call for severe cuts in state-subsidized social welfare, deregulation of state-owned facilities, trade liberalization, and an open door for multinational corporation investment.
Dorothy Allison, Two or Three Things I Know for Sure|Goblins burrowed in the earth, elves sang songs in the trees: Those were the obvious wonders of reading, but behind them lay the fundamental marvel that, in stories, words could command things to be.
Rebecca Serle, When You Were Mine|They died together; they'll always be remembered together. It's decided, once and for all. He was hers.
Lindsey Kelk, What a Girl Wants|Just when you thought you knew everything about someone, they had to go one better.
Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane|And before you barrel through some idiotic Cosmo girl list of how-well-do-you-know-your-man questions, let me say that I don't know squat about him except that he kisses like a god and screws like a devil.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|Caring for the poor, resting on the Sabbath, showing hospitality and keeping the home—these are important things that can lead us to God, but God is not contained in them.
Sara  Humphreys, Brave the Heat|I want to go slow, baby, I really do," he whispered at the side of her neck. "But I'm not going to be able to this first time."	"Thank heavens.
Cate Dooley & Nikki Fedele|In the cookies of motherhood, you're the chocolate chips.
Deepika Padukone|Look how far the human race has come in terms of air and space travel in the last hundred years. So in the next couple of thousand years, you've got to believe that we're going to be able to do all kinds of amazing things.
Kgalema Motlanthe|Abhorrence of apartheid is a moral attitude, not a policy.
Holly Bourne, Soulmates|At first people ate simply because they were alive and because food was tasty. Modern people have come to think that if they do not prepare food with elaborate seasonings, the meal will be tasteless. If you do not try to make food delicious, you will find that nature has made it so.
Marie Curie|You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you.
Charlie Chaplin|Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
Kai Ashante Wilson, The Sorcerer of the Wildeeps|All those things for which we have no words are lost. The mind—the culture—has two little tools, grammar and lexicon: a decorated sand bucket and a matching shovel. With these we bluster about the continents and do all the world's work. With these we try to save our very lives.
Randall Garrett, Murder and Magic|There is an odd quirk in the human mind that makes a fearful man prefer to go quietly to a wicked-looking, gnarled "witch" for a countercharm than to a respectable licensed sorcerer or an accredited priest of the Church.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind,And therefore is winged Cupid painted blind.
Wayne Coyne|Try to be happy within the context of the life we are actually living. Happiness is not a situation to be longed for or a convergence of lucky happenstance. Through the power of our own minds, we can help ourselves.
D. H. Lawrence|For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.
Gautama Buddha|It is like a lighted torch whose flame can be distributed to ever so many other torches which people may bring along; and therewith they will cook food and dispel darkness, while the original torch itself remains burning ever the same. It is even so with the bliss of th
Rosalind Wiseman|What it takes is to actually write: not to think about it, not to imagine it, not to talk about it, but to actually want to sit down and write. I'm lucky I learned that habit a really long time ago. I credit my mother with that. She was an English teacher, but she was a writer.
Terry Pratchett, Monstrous Regiment|Maladict had hallucinations, but Wazzer had a certainty you could bend steel around. It was the opposite of a hallucination, somehow. It was as if she could see what was real and you couldn't.
Tara Estacaan|Dear human,modern incarnatefor a brief moment.Neither of the angels,neither of the demons.Dear human,you, where evil and light wrangle,on some daybreak, will awakento remember the reasonof this existence.Meanwhile, dear human,through the twists and turnsyou know that you belong hereand through this wounded lifetime,teach others to heal...-Tara Estacaan, "Dear Human", June 2016
Debasish Mridha|Love, kindness, compassion, and forgiveness are the secrets of all peace and happiness.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|It was like trying to recall a forgotten dream—each time I felt close to remembering where we’d met, the memories slipped away.
Martha Lemasters, The Step: One Woman's Journey to Finding Her Own Happiness and Success During the Apollo Space Program|With an accelerated schedule of launch in just two months, NASA and contractor launch and support teams labor steadily with six-day work weeks by day and night shifts
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|And yet when I wish to explore how faith works, I usually sneak in by the back door of doubt, for I best learn about my own need for faith during its absence. God's invisibility guarantees I will experience times of doubt. Everyone dangles on a pendulum that swings from belief to unbelief, back to belief, and ends - where?
F. Scott Fitzgerald|The important thing is that you should not argue with them [Communists]....Whatever you say, they have ways of twisting it into shapes which put you in some lower category of mankind, ‘Fascist,’ ‘Liberal,’ ‘Trotskyist,’ and disparage you both intellectually and personally in the process.
Shereen El Feki|I have huge respect for women who go out of their homes and have the courage to make their own destiny. And let me tell you, Indian women are doing a great job. There are those who work because they have no option but to earn, and then there are those who do it because they have the right talent. I respect both.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Prime yourself for success and demonstrate to others that you are diligent, reliable, and trustworthy.
Sarah Holman, Brothers and Betrayal|No, this is my revenge. I am giving you just what you want, I'm releasing you. And yet I''m really not. I'll inflict torments on you, subtle torments, day after day, year after year- that's why you're necessary to me.
Alia Bhatt|In Torch Song, I did that character almost non-stop from 1978 until I made the movie in 1987. Then I had some failure, which also colors how you react to doing other things.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Most of the world is either asleep or dead. The religious people are, for the most part, asleep. The irreligious are dead. Those who are asleep are divided into two classes, like the Virgins in the parable, waiting for the Bridegroom's coming. The wise have oil in their lamps. That is to say they are detached from themselves and from the cares of the world, and they are full of charity. They are indeed waiting for the Bridegroom, and they desire nothing else but His coming, even though they may fall asleep while waiting for Him to appear. But the others are not only asleep: they are full of other dreams and other desires. Their lamps are empty because they have burned themselves out in the wisdom of the flesh and in their own vanity. When He comes, it is too late for them to buy oil. They light their lamps only after He has gone. So they fall asleep again, with useless lamps, and when they wake up they trim them to investigate, once again, the matters of a dying world.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|A woman is not beautiful when her ankle or arm wins compliments, but when her total appearance diverts admiration from the individual parts of her body.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|You look especially beautiful this morning, Monza."That brought a smile to the corner of her mouth. The corner he couldn't see. "Well. Facts are facts.
Dave Pelzer, Help Yourself: Finding Hope, Courage, And Happiness|Its all a matter of weeding out the bad and cultivating more productive thoughts. And just like pulling weeds, you have to get to the root otherwise that weed, the self-doubt, that negative programming, will spring back up and shoke off the flower that can blossom for you in the future.Be consistent. Apply that "weed off" whenever you feel the need. Every day see the brighter side of things. Continually tell yourself how lucky you are, how good your life is right now, and how things can only get better
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|I don’t mind working, holding my ground intellectually, artistically; but as a woman, oh, God, as a woman I want to be dominated. I don’t mind being told to stand on my own feet, not to cling, be all that I am capable of doing, but I am going to be pursued, fucked, possessed by the will of a male at his time, his bidding.” …Anias Nin
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Though I think and speak of greater becoming, I, too, am an infinite work in progress.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Thinking very often resembles napping, but the intent is different. --Stephanie Plum
Yves Behar|Electricity is an example of a general purpose technology, like the steam engine before it. General purpose technologies drive most economic growth, because they unleash cascades of complementary innovations, like lightbulbs and, yes, factory redesign.
Patch Adams|For the triangle to really work, everybody needs to be on the same page and know how to play it.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Has all the trappings of a mystery novel, doesn't it?
Meredith Duran, Written on Your Skin|Miss Masters was not content with threatening to hire away his staff, oh no. First, she had to perfume it.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|As soon as I sat down across from her, she ordered me to put the entire contents of my pants pockets on the table. I did as I was told, saying nothing. My reality seemed to have left me and was now wandering around nearby. I hope it can find me, I thought.
José Saramago, Death with Interruptions|Words have their own hierarchy, their own protocol, their own artistic titles, their own plebeian stigmas.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.
Adam Hochschild|So eager were its officials that the German government had telegraphed its ambassador in St. Petersburg two declarations of war to be delivered to Russia's foreign minister: one if Russia did not reply to its ultimatum, the other rejecting the Russian reply as unsatisfactory. In his haste and confusion, the ambassador handed over both messages.
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|Armed with my positive attitude and inherent stubborn nature, I keep my mind focused and my life moving forward. I stop to rest, pout and even cry sometimes, but always, I get back up. Life is giving me this challenge and I will plow through it, out of breath with my heart racing if I have to.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|...to her all books were the same and, as with her subjects, she felt a duty to approach them without prejudice...Lauren Bacall, Winifred Holtby, Sylvia Plath - who were they? Only be reading could she find out.
Christina Milian|When I think of the definition of cool and when I look at people, John Travolta is really the definition of cool because, not only is he great in all his movies, but, as a person, he's just really cool.
Victoria Stoklasa, Sign It Into Law: How to Put Your Petition on the Ballot|Yet the possibility of information storage, beyond what men and governments ever had before, can make available at the touch of a button a man's total history (including remarks put on his record by his kindergarten teacher about his ability and character). And with the computer must be placed the modern scientific technical capability which exists for wholesale monitoring of telephone, cable, Telex and microwave transmissions which carry much of today's spoken and written communications. The combined use of the technical capability of listening in on all these forms of communications with the high-speed computer literally leaves no place to hide and little room for privacy.
Woodrow Wilson|You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
Amy Kuivalainen, Cry of the Firebird|I just thought that was the most noble contribution you could make to human kind, was to be a teacher.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|She is here, near my heart again!' he cried. 'Oh Lord, I thank Thee for all, for all, for Thy wrath and for Thy mercy! . . .And for Thy sun which is shining upon us again after the storm! For all this minute I thank Thee! Oh, we may be insulted and humiliated, but we're together again, and now the proud and haughty who have insulted and humiliated us may triumph! Let them throw stones at us! Have no fear, Natasha.... We will go hand in hand and I will say to them, 'This is my darling, this is my beloved daughter, my innocent daughter whom you have insulted and humiliated, but whom I love and bless for ever and ever!
Shawn Lukas|Each of us is a story, waiting for a devoted reader who will take us off the shelf and embrace all our plot twists.
Richard Ben Cramer|It's like a drug, the feeling you could make a difference....
Maya Angelou|The truth is that when Lennon is Bosephus, she is so mean to me. She can't smile because the mustache will come off. So in between takes, it's just scowling. And then when we are on camera, Bosephus treats me like a piece of meat. I'm repulsed and also attracted to it.
Eric Maskin|It's great to design a beautiful, modern, sleek home like you'd see in a magazine. But if it doesn't suit your lifestyle, it's really wasted.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Three, 300, or 3,000 - these are the number of unknown days, a week, a year, or a decade, each far too precious little and yet, poignantly too much at the same time, to see an irrevocably declined loved one languish and suffer. That irreversible release lingers in the doorway, but is never quite ushered all the way in, to comfort and carry our loved one to that Better Place.” When the time finally comes, we can be enveloped in a warm cloak of long-awaited acceptance and peace that eases our own pain; that quiets the grief which has moaned inside of us, at least some, every single one one of those bittersweet days, weeks... or years.
Shaun Hume, Ewan Pendle and the White Wraith|If you do not believe in yourself, Ewan, then you will surely not succeed. Pity in ones own downfalls without the sight to rejoice in your strengths is truly the road to ruin. But if you do decide to pat your own back a little more often, then you will find that you are not the only one who believes it a worthwhile exercise. And there will always be those there to do it for you in times when you may not quite be able to reach.
Angelina Jolie|I could have played another year, but I would have been playing for the money, and baseball deserves better than that.
VD.|The scientist is more religious than the poet because his belief rests in the faith of the intangible –– a reality that stands outside of ourselves who are the observers. The poet on the other hand realizes that concepts like Truth and Beauty which form the root of our reality and identities lie not in the fleeting nature of our world, but in the eternal universal aspects of humanity.
Kimora Lee Simmons|The world is getting so small. Young people are mobile; they want to travel around the world. When you travel around the world, you exchange culture, you want to make friends, you want to exchange things.
Eddie Marsan|I grew up in a very small town, but it happened to be in western Massachusetts, where there were a lot of gay people. I remember my aunt going to a gay wedding when I was 11, and I thought it was the coolest thing.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|Twas something else. I had come to hate her, you see. I had come to wish her dead, and that was what held me back.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|During all that time I didn't see Willie. I didn't see him again until he announced in the Democratic primary in 1930. But it wasn't a primary. It was hell among the yearlings and the Charge of the Light Brigade and Saturday night in the back room of Casey's saloon rolled into one, and when the dust cleared away not a picture still hung on the walls. And there wasn't any Democratic party. There was just Willie, with his hair in his eyes and his shirt sticking to his stomach with sweat. And he had a meat ax in his hand and was screaming for blood. In the background of the picture, under a purplish tumbled sky flecked with sinister white like driven foam, flanking Willie, one on each side, were two figures, Sadie Burke and a tallish, stooped, slow-spoken man with a sad, tanned face and what they call the eyes of a dreamer. The man was Hugh Miller, Harvard Law School, Lafayette Escadrille, Croix de Guerre, clean hands, pure heart, and no political past. He was a fellow who had sat still for years, and then somebody (Willie Stark) handed him a baseball bat and he felt his fingers close on the tape. He was a man and was Attorney General. And Sadie Burke was just Sadie Burke.Over the brow of the hill, there were, of course, some other people. There were, for instance, certain gentlemen who had been devoted to Joe Harrison, but who, when they discovered there wasn't going to be any more Joe Harrison politically speaking, had had to hunt up a new friend. The new friend happened to be Willie. He was the only place for them to go. They figured they would sign on with Willie and grow up with the country. Willie signed them on all right, and as a result got quite a few votes not of the wool-hat and cocklebur variety. After a while Willie even signed on Tiny Duffy, who became Highway Commissioner and, later, Lieutenant Governor in Willie's last term. I used to wonder why Willie kept him around. Sometimes I used to ask the Boss, "What do you keep that lunk-head for?" Sometimes he would just laugh and say nothing. Sometimes he would say, "Hell, somebody's got to be Lieutenant Governor, and they all look alike." But once he said: "I keep him because he reminds me of something.""What?""Something I don't ever want to forget," he said."What's that?""That when they come to you sweet talking you better not listen to anything they say. I don't aim to forget that."So that was it. Tiny was the fellow who had come in a big automobile and had talked sweet to Willie back when Willie was a little country lawyer.
Jackie Kessler, Hell's Belles|And oil's not supposed to mix with water. But then someone invented mayonnaise, and wham - instant mixing.
Richard Cecil|I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within.
Richard Lee JuiChe|Sewn together patterns, like many clashing moods,She wears what No others dare
Leora Tanenbaum, Slut!: Growing Up Female with a Bad Reputation|He believed that all people existed behind varying layers of armor which, like the archaeological layers of earth itself, reflected the historical events and turbulence of a lifetime. An individual’s armor that had been developed to resist pain and rejection might also block a capacity for pleasure and achievement, and feelings too deeply trapped might be released only by acts of self-destruction or harm to others. Reich was convinced that sexual deprivation and frustration motivated much of the world’s chaos and warfare.
Lloyd C. Douglas, The Robe|I never thought much about flowers until I made the close acquaintance of a man who knew all about them. You would have thought that the butterflies and flowers were friends of his. 'See how richly they are clad,' he said. 'Even King Solomon did not have such raiment.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Our lives are marked and shaped by our regrets. Things we all want to take back and can’t. In a perfect world, we would never hurt the ones we love or cause hurt to befall them. But the world isn’t perfect and neither are we
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Until every soul is freely permitted to investigate every book, and creed, and dogma for itself, the world cannot be free. Mankind will be enslaved until there is mental grandeur enough to allow each man to have his thought and say. This earth will be a paradise when men can, upon all these questions differ, and yet grasp each other's hands as friends. It is amazing to me that a difference of opinion upon subjects that we know nothing with certainty about, should make us hate, persecute, and despise each other. Why a difference of opinion upon predestination, or the trinity, should make people imprison and burn each other seems beyond the comprehension of man; and yet in all countries where Christians have existed, they have destroyed each other to the exact extent of their power. Why should a believer in God hate an atheist? Surely the atheist has not injured God, and surely he is human, capable of joy and pain, and entitled to all the rights of man. Would it not be far better to treat this atheist, at least, as well as he treats us?Christians tell me that they love their enemies, and yet all I ask is—not that they love their enemies, not that they love their friends even, but that they treat those who differ from them, with simple fairness.We do not wish to be forgiven, but we wish Christians to so act that we will not have to forgive them. If all will admit that all have an equal right to think, then the question is forever solved; but as long as organized and powerful churches, pretending to hold the keys of heaven and hell, denounce every person as an outcast and criminal who thinks for himself and denies their authority, the world will be filled with hatred and suffering. To hate man and worship God seems to be the sum of all the creeds.
Kendal Rob|If my stupidity makes you smile, I rather prefer to act always as stupid.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|If you gave someone your heart and they died, did they take it with them? Did you spend the rest of forever with a hole inside you that couldn't be filled?
Flea|In Philly, there are a lot of social programs. If you have a degree, you can go and apply. I was basically a social worker, but I became sort of a sub teacher in a special program, helping kids with reading or math. But we would also do plays, learn about music... We were doing lots of fun stuff, but that was such hard work.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Feeling free of full & empty, feeling here but also there, Neither or but simply both, a universe within, one single stare.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|I don't like favors; they oppress and make me fell like a slave. I'd rather do everything for myself, and be perfectly independent.
Arthur Lydiard|As every runner knows, running is about more than just putting one foot in front of the other; it is about our lifestyle and who we are.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If the human race would turn from its evil ways and return to God, putting behind its sins of disobedience, idolatry, pride, greed, and belligerence, and all the various aberrations that lead to war, the possibility of peace exists.
Jillian Dodd, That Boy|Speaking of tongues, they are the main reason I'm a nervous wreck. Ryan is a senior and well, sadly, I'm not all that experienced with boys. I mean, I'm a freshman and have been to dances with boys my age and even have gone out with boys, but I've never really kissed them. Not like I hope to kiss Ryan anyway. Bobby Robinson did shove his tongue into my mouth one time, when we were kissing under the bleachers at a football game, but it didn't feel so good. I'm pretty sure he didn't have it exactly right. So I talked to my friends, Katie and Lisa, about how to properly make out. But, well, here is just a bit of their unhelpful advice.Just let him take the lead, do what ever he does.Um, couldn't that get me into a lot of trouble?Just sort of kiss his tongue, but try not to drool.Don't open your mouth too wide.And then, just open your mouth wide.See?Stupid, conflicting information.And this from girls who supposedly know how to do this!I feel like I'm an undercover CIA agent trying to wrestle vital information out of a ruthless double agent, and the fate of the free world depends upon it. All the while, the President is yelling at me in a panic, saying, Somebody! Anybody! Just get me the truth!
Bindi Irwin|Part of my advantage is that my strength is economic forecasting, but that only works in free markets, when markets are smarter than people. That's how I started. I watched the stock market, how equities reacted to change in levels of economic activity, and I could understand how price signals worked and how to forecast them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|To shape a dream well, understand that it is going to happen through processes in which your hands must get on board. It takes your own responsibility to get the best dream shape
M.F. Moonzajer|Some of them will, but most of them are willed. Some of them are genuine, but most of them are bad actors.
Mahatma Gandhi|The IRS targeting certain groups for harassment because of their politics would be unfair. If we found out the NSA was keeping special tabs on everyone who worshiped at a mosque or took a Bible trip through the Middle East, you'd have an uprising.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|People die all the time. Life is a lot more fragile than we think. So you should treat others in a way that leaves no regrets. Fairly, and if possible, sincerely. It's too easy not to make the effort, then weep and wring your hands after the person dies.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|I've made him a monster by overloving. Lord knows, if hatred could make him human again.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|They sensed somehow that she lived in the prenumbral shadows between two worlds, just beyond the grasp of their power. That a woman that they had already damned, now had little left to lose, and could therefore be dangerous. So on the days that the radio played Ammu's songs, people avoided her, making little loops around her, because everybody agreed that it was best to just Let Her Be.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|So instead of ignoring the pain, I called out to it, reaching for more. Pain is part of who I am. It’s the defining characteristic of a Shifter’s transformation. Pain is what I suffer from my enemies. It is what I deal out to those who break our laws. It is what I protect my charges from. Pain is what I inherited from fate, that fickle bitch who gave me a mouth and fists, then put me in a world that wanted only my womb and my cradled arms.
Clayton M. Christensen|The fact 'Twin Peaks' had a life at all took most of us in the cast by surprise. We thought it would be too unusual for network television. The original intention was that it would be a two-hour movie. If the network didn't want to pick it up as a series, it could just show that. But ABC took a chance.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Once she was standing by her locker and her puka shells broke and scattered and she made a joke about it but he could tell she was upset. He wanted to buy her some more. He wanted to give her a million strands of little nesting polished shells, and tropical flowers and ice creams and lemonades and a pale blue surfboard to teach her to surf on and anything else she wanted. Instead he let his checkered Vans step on one of the rolling shells and crush it.
Swami Dhyan Giten|To be able to die consciously, we need to prepare for death while we are still living.Only if we live consciously, we can die consciously.Only a meditator is able to die consciously as life is an opportunity to prepare for death. Meditation is a death, a death of the ego. Death is not in opposition of life, death is the finale, the crescendo of life. How we die shows us how we have been living. Death is not an end, death is a new beginning, a new life.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|This is what a woman is: unadorned, after children and work and age, and experience-these are the marks of living.
Nynke Visser|Happiness is just a state of mind, you don’t need any artificial or superficial matter to experience happiness. I believe that happiness is an instrument to cope and an instrument to change this world full of troubles. When you stop labelling happiness to a goal or an artificial or superficial matter you will be happy.
Adam Driver|I was a little doubtful about the propriety of going to the Mammoth Cave without a gentleman escort, but if two ladies travel alone they must have the courage of men.
Mo Ibrahim|I graduated from high school in 1963. There were no computers, cell phones, Internet, credit cards, cassette tapes or cable TV.
Montesquieu, Persian Letters|All we have to do is understand that we're all here for a reason and to commit ourselves to that. Then we can laugh at our sufferings, large and small and walk fearlessly, aware that each step has meaning
William Trevor|I think: perhaps the sky is a huge sea of fresh water and we, instead of walking under it, walk on top of it; perhaps we see everything upside down and the earth is a kind of sky, so that when we die, when we die, we fall and sink into the sky.The Implacable Order of Things
Sunday Adelaja|Every blessing, just like a coin, has two sides
Susin Nielsen, Optimists Die First|Okay, even if we disagree on that point, we still need to keep living our lives, don't we?...
Oliver Gaspirtz|Yes, she'd made a mistake... but she wasn't going to be bullied. You couldn't let boys go around raining on your lava and ogling other people's watercolors.
George Osborne|I'm not an employee who goes to the office every morning at the same time. Then, vacations are needed.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Sometimes, when something hurts us, our hearts break a little-in a slightly ... more literal way than for humans. Our pain sort of spills out and onto anyone around us. We call it a cracked heart.
Naomi Novik, Uprooted|I didn't properly think about what was happening even as I kissed him back, my laughter spilling into his mouth and making stutters of my kisses. I was still bound up with him, our magic snarled up into great messy tangled knots. I didn't have anything to compare that intimacy to. I'd felt the hot embarrassment of it, but I'd thought of it vaguely like being naked in front of a stranger. I hadn't connected it to sex—sex was poetic references in songs, my mother's practical instructions, and those few awful hideous moments in the tower with Prince Marek, where I might as well have been a rag doll as far as he'd cared. But now I toppled the Dragon over, clutching at his shoulders. As we fell his thigh pressed between mine, through my skirts, and in one shuddering jolt I began to form a startled new understanding.
J. G. Ballard|Oh rage! Oh despair! Oh age, my enemy!
Dianne Bright, Mommy's Hiding in the Treehouse--- With a Glass of Merlot|Laurie herself was more focused on the years when her kids were little, when she felt so necessary and purposeful, a battery all charged up with love. Every day she used it up and every night it got miraculously replenished. Nothing had ever been as good as that.
Patsie Smith, Awaken Our Spirit Within: A Journey of Self-Realization and Transformation|To love those who love us and are good to us is easy. To love those who are indifferent to us is workable, but to love those who have harmed us, intentionally or not, is true growth and realization.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|They arrived home again to a most peculiar sight. The small garden at the front of the Banana House had been transformed. A tidal wave of cushions, beanbags, quilts, hearth rugs, and sleeping bags appeared to have swept up the lawn and broken at the wall. From Indigo's window a multicolored rope of knotted bedsheets came snaking out and ended among the cushions. As Micheal and Caddy watched, a mattress emerged and fell to the ground, followed by a rain of pillows."Indigo!" shouted Caddy, jumping out of the car.Indigo's and Rose's heads appeared in the window above."It's all right, Caddy!" Indigo called cheerfully. "We've been doing it all the time you've been gone.""We keep finding more stuff to land on!" added Rose. "Look!
Liza M. Wiemer, Hello?|I'm an answer, Frankie. Maybe you're an answer for me, too?—Emerson
Ana Claudia Antunes, ONE HUNDRED ONE WORLD ACCOUNTS in ONE HUNDRED ONE WORD COUNT|If you are having private thoughts and ask an intimate friend to listen to them in privacy or on a date will that be considered too intimi-dating? And if the thoughts are proved to be untrue, but your friend still insists on believing in them anyway, would that be considered a cons-piracy?
Jeanette Winterson|What should I do about the wild and the tame? The wild heart that wants to be free, and the tame heart that wants to come home. I want to be held. I don't want you to come too close. I want you to scoop me up and bring me home at nights. I don't want to tell you where I am. I want to keep a place among the rocks where no one can find me. I want to be with you.
Tiffany Reisz|Maybe I’ll leave you hard and aching for days, months, years. That’s how long I’ve been hard for you. Turn about’s fair play, dontcha think, Paul Guy?” (from Finding Eden Excerpt)
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|Some truths can be only be found when one looks with the heart, not the eyes.” – André Chevalier
John Green, Paper Towns|Once we got out of Jefferson Park, we rolled down the one window that worked so the world would know we had good taste in music.
Larry David|When we were at peace, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now there's a war, so Democrats want to raise taxes. When there was a surplus, Democrats wanted to raise taxes. Now that there is a mild recession, Democrats want to raise taxes.
Nigel Cumberland, Secrets of Success at Work: 50 Strategies to Excel: Teach Yourself|Diversity is a very popular business topic today while the negative side of diversity, discrimination, remains a touchy and sensitive topic. Even in organisations which follow the letter of the law in terms of not discriminating against any individuals, it is common for people to show prejudice and bias...Have the courage to stand out from your colleagues by being very open to and comfortable with all kinds of diversity amongst your colleagues and stakeholders. When you sense someone is being ignored or marginalized spend time with them and bring them into discussions encouraging them to speak up as needed.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|After all, the best part of a holiday is perhaps not so much to be resting yourself, as to see all the other fellows busy working.
Roz Savage, Rowing the Atlantic: Lessons Learned on the Open Ocean|I have learned to be kinder to myself, to imagine that I am my own best friend, whispering comforting words in my ear and drowning out the voices of Self-Doubt and Self-Criticism. I have learned to acknowledge and appreciate the 98% that I have achieved instead of the 2% that I didn’t.
Auliq Ice|To earn respect, you must earn your own self respect before you can expect others, to respect you.
W.B. Yeats, Rosa Alchemica|The months passed away. Slowly a great fear came over Viola, a fear that would hardly ever leave her. For every month at the full moon, whether she would or no, she found herself driven to the maze, through its mysterious walks into that strange dancing-room. And when she was there the music began once more, and once more she danced most deliciously for the moon to see. The second time that this happened she had merely thought that it was a recurrence of her own whim, and that the music was but a trick that the imagination had chosen to repeat. The third time frightened her, and she knew that the force that sways the tides had strange power over her. The fear grew as the year fell, for each month the music went on for a longer time - each month some of the pleasure had gone from the dance. On bitter nights in winter the moon called her and she came, when the breath was vapor, and the trees that circled her dancing-room were black, bare skeletons, and the frost was cruel. She dared not tell anyone, and yet it was with difficulty that she kept her secret. Somehow chance seemed to favor her, and she always found a way to return from her midnight dance to her own room without being observed. Each month the summons seemed to be more imperious and urgent. Once when she was alone on her knees before the lighted altar in the private chapel of the palace she suddenly felt that the words of the familiar Latin prayer had gone from her memory. She rose to her feet, she sobbed bitterly, but the call had come and she could not resist it. She passed out of the chapel and down the palace gardens. How madly she danced that night! ("The Moon Slave")
Benjamin Franklin|Bananas are great, as I believe them to be the only known cure for existential dread. Also, Mother Teresa said that in India, a woman dying in the street will share her banana with anyone who needs it, whereas in America, people amass and hoard as many bananas as they can to sell for an exorbitant profit. So half of them go bad, anyway.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Let someone else be the most powerful country, make ours the most peaceful country.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Fuck,” said Bernie. “Fuckwinky eyeballhead.” “No, Bernie. We don’t use those words.” “Which words?” “You know which words.” “You used them, Daddy.” “I made a mistake. I am sorry I said that word. It isn’t helping with our problem.” “What’s our problem?” “There may be no school today.” “That’s okay,” said Bernie. “It’ll be okay.” We weren’t sure where he had picked up that becalming phrase, probably from us, as we tried to talk ourselves out of the awful lucidity certain days afforded. The whole mirthless dwindle of things would suddenly pull into focus, the crabbed, moneyless exhaustion that stood in for our lives, and Maura and I would both start the chatter, the cheap pep: It’s okay, it’s going to be okay, we’ll get through this. When Bernie repeated these bromides, he sounded seventy years old. It broke your heart, as did about forty-three percent of the things Bernie said and did. About twenty-seven percent of the things he said and did made you want to scream and banish him to his childproofed room, or do much more heinous and ingenious things, just so he’d get the point, whatever the point could be with an almost-four-year-old, but still, to bury him alive and then save him at the last minute, or tell him that the state had passed a law against ice cream and he would go to prison if he even thought about it, because they now had the technology to detect illegal mint-chocolate-chip cogitation, had, in fact, the chips for it, seemed, if not conducive to his development, at least on some level deserved. Thirty percent of what Bernie said and did was either on the bubble or else utterly inscrutable, just the jolts and stutters of a factory-fresh brain working out the kinks.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Stranger's Child|she kept sliding down, in small half-willing surrenders, till she was a heap, with the book held tiringly above her face.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|I often see how you sob over what you destroy, how you want to stop and just worship; and you do stop, and then a moment later you are at it again with a knife, like a surgeon. 
Torey L. Hayden|You're only here for a short visit. Don't hurry, don't worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way.
Nick Hornby, A Long Way Down|[about suicide] And why is it the biggest sin of all? All your life you're told that you'll be going to this marvellous place when you pass on. And the one thing you can do to get you there a bit quicker is something that stops you getting there at all. Oh, I can see that it's a kind of queue­jumping. But if someone jumps the queue at the Post Office, people tut. Or sometimes they say, “Excuse me, I was here first.” They don't say, “You will be consumed by hellfire for all eternity.” That would be a bit strong.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|What’s important to remember is that while human beings in general can engage in toxic behaviors from time to time, abusers use these manipulation tactics as a dominant mode of communication. Toxic people such as malignant narcissists, psychopaths and those with antisocial traits engage in maladaptive behaviors in relationships that ultimately exploit, demean, and hurt their intimate partners, family members, and friends.
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|My generation is the most fatherless and insecure generation that's ever lived, and we are willing to sacrifice everything if we just can be told we are loved.If only we knew just how loved we really are.
Deyth Banger|The Witch 2015, has shown how religion make us, and where does this shit put us. How just by one religion a lot of people live in the lie!” ― Deyth Banger
Hunter S. Thompson, The Rum Diary|Roland of Gilead responded as he ever had and ever would when such useless, mystifying questions were raised: 'Ka.
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|There was no public to humiliate him here. They already knew he was a lunatic. They expected it. He could burst into howls of insanity, and they would only smile those gentle smiles at him and wrestle him into the chains.
Emily Thorne|A person's true identity can often be difficult to discern, even to themselves, causing one to question their character, their calling, their very existence. For most, time gives clarity, but for others, these questions remained unanswered for an identity can not be fully defined when it is a guarded secret.
Michael Ondaatje, Running in the Family|I'd proven to the world that maturity, experience, dedication, and ingenuity can make up for a little senescence. Muscle tightening is not the only thing that happens to our bodies over time. We gain knowledge, focus, and understanding, and those things can help us win.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Contrary to popular belief, people always say "It was a pleasure doing business with you". It is the only thing that has stayed with me after an assignment. Always mix business with pleasure. That is a secret they don't want you to know. BUT never mix pleasure with business. Then you might just end up in a divorce.
David Brainerd|Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.
Sunday Adelaja|Never stop seeking, even when it seems there is no hope
Anne Holm, I Am David|There is nothing more pathetically sad than a parent who teaches a child not to hit by spanking them. Well, that, and adults who think hitting someone will solve a problem.
Keahu Kahuanui|Teenage girls read in packs. It's true today, and it was true when I was a teen growing up in a small town in northeast Oklahoma.
Harlan Coben|You've just got to have a sense of respect for the person you have children with. Anger doesn't help anybody. Ultimately you have to say forgiveness is important, and honoring what you had together is important. But it's easy to say and harder to do.
Patrick Stump|Sometimes, though, we let ourselves get so used to being 'fine' that we lose track of how 'not fine' we are.
Jonathan Gash, Jade Woman|Forgery, being the weirdest form of creativity there is, like antiques, costs lives. Why is it that antiques demand sacrificial victims? Dunno, but if they don't get enough, forgery does. You want proof? Here it is: Once a faker's found out, he dies. Truly. It always happens.
Elie Wiesel|In the beginning there was faith-which is childish; trust-which is vain; and illusion-which is dangerous.We believed in God; trusted in man, and lived with the illusion that every one of us has been entrusted with a sacred spark from the Shekhinah's flame; that every one of us carries in his eyes and in his soul a reflection of God's image.THAT was the source if not the cause of all our ordeals.
Kelly Link, The Living Dead|He wasn't my type -- my type was more the skinny hipster boys in girl jeans and thick glasses, a.k.a. the first ones to go during the outbreak -- but the sight still had me staring.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|But even those five-and-forty minutes were too long, the bored me --and boredom is the coldest thing in the world.
Washington Irving|Great minds have purpose, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|A woman who spends her time worrying about pregnancy is a virtual cripple, she'll never go very far.
Munia Khan|A prisoner should know that there are thousands of imprisoned freemen living in this world…jailed in their own society, handcuffed by duties..
Hugh Mahoney, Virgins & Martyrs|Mitt Romney's first interview with Zombie Reagan:  Mitt Romney came in with cheerful assurance, because he wasn’t capable of anything else. “Let me first welcome you back to this side of the veil, Mr. President.”“Yeah, Mitt, it’s good to see you looking so well. Your father says hello, and he wanted me to add specially that whatever unfortunate negative things you might remember him saying to you when you were a kid, he always tried to tell you the truth and he hopes you’ve used it to improve, and he understands that even with the help of those comments, it might just not have been in you to improve. He wants you to remember he still loves you no matter what you’ve become, or even if you haven’t chosen to become any one thing in particular.”“That’s very kind. I miss my dad even now.”“Oh, so do I. I remember George as always that kind of guy, he had your back, whenever you’d think to watch your back, you’d find him somewhere around there, ready for action with that knife already drawn.
Jimmy Dean|Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever fear God , shun sin.
Richard Preston|In my relationship with a young guy I was going with in a band - his name was Sylvester, and I think he had another little girl on the side - I told him, 'If you lose me, you're going to lose a good thing.' And I went home and put that poem to music.
David Malouf, The Happy Life: The Search for Contentment in the Modern World|The male frog, in mating season," said Crake, "makes as much noise as it can. The females are attracted to the male frog with the biggest, deepest voice because it suggests a more powerful frog, one with superior genes. Small male frogs - it's been documented - discover that if they position themselves in empty drainpipes, the pipe acts as a voice amplifier, and the small frog appears much larger than it really is.""So?""So that's what art is, for the artist," said Crake. "An empty drainpipe. An amplifier. A stab at getting laid.""Your analogy falls down when it comes to female artists," said Jimmy. "They're not in it to get laid. They'd gain no biological advantage from amplifying themselves, since potential mates would be deterred rather than attracted by this sort of amplification. Men aren't frogs, they don't want women who are ten times bigger than them.""Female artists are biologically confused," said Crake.
Pope Benedict XVI|Those who today always look for disciplinarian solutions, those who long for an exaggerated doctrinal 'security,' those who stubbornly try to recover a past that no longer exists - they have a static and inward-directed view of things. In this way, faith becomes an ideology among other ideologies.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you feel you have to open a particular door, open it, otherwise all your life that door will haunt your mind!
Johann Gottfried Herder|To think what is true, to sense what is beautiful and to want what is good, hereby the spirit finds purpose of a life in reason.
Steve King|Civilization is the progress toward a society of privacy. The savage's whole existence is public, ruled by the laws of his tribe. Civilization is the process of setting man free from men.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|And the centurion who stood by said: Truly this was a son of God. Not long ago but everywhere I go There is a hill and a black windy sky. Portent of hill, sky, day's eclipse I know; Hill, sky, the shuddering darkness, these am I. The dying at His right hand, at His left, I am - the thief redeemed and the lost thief; I am the careless folk; I those bereft, The Well-Belov'd, the women bowed in grief. The gathering Presence that in terror cried, In earth's shock in the Temple's veil rent through, I; and a watcher, ignorant, curious-eyed, I the centurion who heard and knew
Immanuel Kant|Please be a traveler, not a tourist. Try new things, meet new people, and look beyond what’s right in front of you. Those are the keys to understanding this amazing world we live in.
Natasha Anders, The Unwanted Wife|We were born between Oh Yeah& Goddammit. I knew lifeBegan where I stood in the dark,Looking out into the light,& that sometimes I could seeEverything through nothing.The backyard trees breathedLike a man running from himselfAs my brothers backed awayFrom the screendoor.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|It can be coins or sports or politics or horses or music or faith... the saddest people I've ever met in life are the ones who don't care deeply about anything at all. Passion and satisfaction go hand in hand, and without them, any happiness is only temporary, because there's nothing to make it last.
Leonard Bernstein|When I think of the wisest people I know, they share one defining trait: curiosity. They turn away from the minutiae of their lives-and focus on the world around them. They are motivated by the desire to explore the unfamiliar. They are drawn toward what they don't understand.
Farid F. Ibrahim|Artists are not in delusion, they only recreate the hidden side
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|In large States public education will always be extremely mediocre, for the same reason that in large kitchens the cooking is at best only mediocre.
Bruce Jenvey, The Ragtime Coven|When they had hurried to the train station with their violin cases, they had drawn almost as many stares as they would on any normal day when their hair was to their knees and sheeting behind them like red silk. A poetic fruit-seller had told them once that they looked like dryads, and they did still, only now they looked like dryads who had tired of snagging their hair on brambles and sliced it all off on the edge of a knife.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|Then shouldering their burdens, they set off, seeking a path that would bring them over the grey hills of the Emyn Muil, and down into the Land of Shadow.
Dianna Hardy, Releasing The Wolf|Envy is a buzz killer."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Ellen J. Barrier|I am not a person who goes in the side of the many, because I prefer the side of the victor.
James E. Faust|Hope is trust in God's promises, faith that if we act now, the desired blessings will be fulfilled in the future.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|I quite agree with Dr. Nordau's assertion that all men of genius are insane, but Dr. Nordau forgets that all sane people are idiots.
Robin Jarvis, Thomas|The path of life is strewn with many perils and the folly of knowledge is one of the greatest dangers. Wisdom is a treacherous weapon, little master, for it is sundered from compassion. All too often the end of the journey gains more import than it should and the wise become blind to the road and the method of their passing.
Isabella Johns, My Hot Fireman|Here’s what happens when a single mom meets New York City’s hottest fireman…“Then…seductively…as if he received instruction not from the FDNY’s training school but at Chippendale’s…he slowly inches each suspender off his bare shoulders.”“You must know that exhilarating feeling of a man’s body on top of yours, all that power and muscle pressing you into the bed, the glorious taste of his tongue in your mouth, the manly scent that washes over you and makes you want to melt underneath him.”“Let’s not forget about his nine inches of shapely fireman hose dangling so close in front of my face the scent launches me into a blissful fever.”“Every place he touches contradicts his chosen profession, because instead of putting out a fire he surely starts one.”“I’m so darn helpless in the arms of this powerful, young, ripped personification of New York’s Bravest that I feel myself about to erupt in the most earth shattering explosion since Mount Vesuvius last announced her presence.”“I wonder if he could be enticed to show us a few maneuvers on the brass pole.”“He orchestrates his own personal opera, inspiring high notes with kisses and licks along my elongated nipples, and deep moans with hands that caress my belly.”“We are drawn uncontrollably to each other and have no power to resist, only the tremendous desire to experience everything in its most intense form.
Thomas Jefferson|I am satisfied, and sufficiently occupied with the things which are, without tormenting or troubling myself about those which may indeed be, but of which I have no evidence.
Jane Austen, Pride And Prejudice|Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. If the dispositions of the parties are ever so well known to each other or ever so similar beforehand, it does not advance their felicity in the least. They always continue to grow sufficiently unlike afterwards to have their share of vexation; and it is better to know as little as possible of the defects of the person with whom you are to pass your life.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|We die containing a richness of lovers and tribes, tastes we have swallowed, bodies we have plunged into and swum up as if rivers of wisdom, characters we have climbed into as if trees, fears we have hidden in as if caves. I wish for all this to be marked on by body when I am dead. I believe in such cartography - to be marked by nature, not just to label ourselves on a map like the names of rich men and women on buildings. We are communal histories, communal books. We are not owned or monogamous in our taste or experience.
Alan Arkin|It's - everybody's looking at the bottom line all the time, and failure doesn't look good on the bottom line, and yet you don't learn anything without failing.
Florence Scovel Shinn, The Game of Life and How to Play It|Choosing battle is one thing, and quitting battle is cowardice and I can't imagine doing that
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since life is in time, since life is in seconds, minutes and hours; that means to waste time is to waste life. To lose time is to lose a life. So don’t waste time!
Richard Osborne, Rossini|Wagner thought Rossini unserious; Rossini thought Wagner 'lacked sun'. Wagner also became the butt of a phrase Rossini had used down the years to describe musicians about whom he had certain reservations - "He has some beautiful moments but some bad quarters of an hour!
Nathalie M.L. Römer, The Stone of Truth|Maybe this journey is a way for you to get your redemption..." he said softly, "Maybe, if Elder Man Belduran is right, it is the start of a journey, that leads to redemption for all of us...""Not all of us... There's no redemption for Elder Man Vaymaz..." Melchor replied softly, before turning and continuing to walk.
Debasish Mridha|A philosopher is a deep thinker and a meticulous observer of nature and events that reveal the beauty, truth, and meaning of existence.
Dan Stevens|There is great worth in holding universal truths and timelessly beautiful words in your heart, which will stay there forever, infusing your thoughts and speech…
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Today, if you have one depressing thought in you, you will sit depressed. Why? The whole cosmos is going on phenomenally well today, but that does not matter. In your mind there is one thought – not too many, just one – that is bothering you, that will depress you and put you in the dumps.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|In a moment I am everything, in a moment I am nothing. In a moment I understand everything, in a moment I do not understand anything.In a moment I am on cloud number 9, in a moment I am at ground zero.In a moment I love, in a moment I hate.In a moment I am a success, in a moment I am failureIn a moment I fight, in a moment I give upIn a moment I win; in a moment I lose and in moment I lose these moments to win more, to live for more and to love more.
Stephanie Draven|Paranormal romance gives me the opportunity to explore love outside of its traditional boundaries. Common themes are hunger and uncontrollable desires, but I like to push further into wounds that cannot be healed and the way love can still find its way into the cracks of a fractured soul.
John Fowles|Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father.But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. He came to the next land. There, to his astonishment, from every coast he saw islands, and on these islands, strange and troubling creatures whom he dared not name. As he was searching for a boat, a man in full evening dress approached him along the shore.Are those real islands?' asked the young prince.Of course they are real islands,' said the man in evening dress.And those strange and troubling creatures?'They are all genuine and authentic princesses.'Then God must exist!' cried the prince.I am God,' replied the man in full evening dress, with a bow.The young prince returned home as quickly as he could.So you are back,' said the father, the king.I have seen islands, I have seen princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully. The king was unmoved.Neither real islands, nor real princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully.The king was unmoved.Neither real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist.'I saw them!'Tell me how God was dressed.'God was in full evening dress.'Were the sleeves of his coat rolled back?'The prince remembered that they had been. The king smiled.That is the uniform of a magician. You have been deceived.'At this, the prince returned to the next land, and went to the same shore, where once again he came upon the man in full evening dress.My father the king has told me who you are,' said the young prince indignantly. 'You deceived me last time, but not again. Now I know that those are not real islands and real princesses, because you are a magician.'The man on the shore smiled.It is you who are deceived, my boy. In your father's kingdom there are many islands and many princesses. But you are under your father's spell, so you cannot see them.'The prince pensively returned home. When he saw his father, he looked him in the eyes.Father, is it true that you are not a real king, but only a magician?'The king smiled, and rolled back his sleeves.Yes, my son, I am only a magician.'Then the man on the shore was God.'The man on the shore was another magician.'I must know the real truth, the truth beyond magic.'There is no truth beyond magic,' said the king.The prince was full of sadness.He said, 'I will kill myself.'The king by magic caused death to appear. Death stood in the door and beckoned to the prince. The prince shuddered. He remembered the beautiful but unreal islands and the unreal but beautiful princesses.Very well,' he said. 'I can bear it.'You see, my son,' said the king, 'you too now begin to be a magician.
Robert Shapiro|Human education is concerned with certain changes in the intellects, characters and behavior of men, its problems being roughly included under these four topics: Aims, materials, means and methods.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., While Mortals Sleep: Unpublished Short Fiction|As if men did not die fast enough, they are ingenious at finding out ways to destroy one another.
Luis Fonsi|In my player, I have a Luis Miguel CD as well as a Brian McKnight CD. I'm known for my very romantic ballads as well as the fun, up-tempo pop songs.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|When we relate and share knowledge authentically, this places us in a state of grace, a state of 'win-win' harmony with all others, and establishes trust among all.
McKayla Maroney|Inspiration comes from so many sources. Music, other fiction, the non-fiction I read, TV shows, films, news reports, people I know, stories I hear, misheard words or lyrics, dreams... Motivation? The memory of the rush I get from a really good writing session - even on a bad day, I know I'll find that again if I keep going.
Jerry Seinfeld|The Swiss have an interesting army. Five hundred years without a war. Pretty impressive. Also pretty lucky for them. Ever seen that little Swiss Army knife they have to fight with? Not much of a weapon there. Corkscrews. Bottle openers. ‘Come on, buddy, let’s go. You get past me, the guy in the back of me, he’s got a spoon. Back off, I’ve got the toe clippers right here.
Ryan Lilly|From my novel, "A Twist in Travel:Fate," "What, you've never seen a grown man naked?!
Mircea Eliade, The Sacred and the Profane: The Nature of Religion|Many solemn nights Blond moon, we stand and marvel...Sleeping our noons away
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|MOMWholeheartedly,She loved me-And inspired me-With transcending devotion.It was a blessing-To have been her son,To have been loved-Without conditions.Her words of wisdom-Opened my eyes-To the world-And to myself.By seeing the best in me, She empowered me.By believing in me, She transformed me.She grew old-And floated away,But her love remains standing-Eternally by my side.
Monika Ramzy|You cant laugh at a joke agian and agian, but why do you keep crying over the same thing over and over agian?
Natascha McElhone|We believe, as our founders did, that 'the pursuit of happiness' depends upon individual liberty; and individual liberty requires limited government.
Joss Whedon|What man ever openly apologizes for slander? It is not so much a feeling of slander as it is that of a massive lie, a misdeed not only to the slandered but also to those manipulated in the process. He has made them all, every one, his enemies, thereupon he is so overwhelmed with guilt that he will deny it until his grave.
Richard M. Stallman|Let us be dissatisfied until America will no longer have high blood pressure of creeds and an anemia of deeds. Let us be dissatisfied until the tragic walls that separate the outer city of wealth and comfort from the inner city of poverty and despair shall be crushed by the battering rams of the fires of justice. Let us be dissatisfied until they who live on the outskirts of Hope are brought into the metropolis of daily security. Let us be dissatisfied until slums are cast into the junk heap of history and every family will live in a decent, sanitary home. Let us be dissatisfied until the dark yesterdays of segregated schools will betransformed into the bright tomorrows of quality integrated education.
Hope Davis|It's really all about family, love and the children for me. I work at that every day.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|be a good listener, don't judge and don't put boundaries on someone else's grief.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|If a woman conceals her affection with the same skill from the object of it, she may lose the opportunity of fixing him; and it will then be but poor consolation to believe the world equally in the dark. There is so much of gratitude or vanity in almost any attachment, that it is not safe to leave any to itself. We can all begin ‘freely’- as light preference is natural enough; but there are very few of us who have a heart enough to be really in love without encouragement.
Derrick Jensen, A Language Older Than Words|Don't be afraid to write. I think a lot of writers of all ages have a fear that they aren't any good at writing. That fear is normal. I feel it. Most writers who care about what they are writing feel it. When you feel like you're not good enough, write anyway. It's just a pesky bug that's whispering lies. The best way to swat the bug is with your pen.
Savo Heleta, Not My Turn to Die: Memoirs of a Broken Childhood in Bosnia|The story Grandpa told us helped me realize that people cannot be divided into groups by ethnicity, religion, or any other feature, only into groups of good, bad, and indifferent people.
Barton Gellman|My image had always been very heterosexual, very straight. So it was a nice experience for me, a chance to clarify my own feelings about gay and lesbian civil rights.
Billy Joel|They're sharing a drink called loneliness, but at least its better than drinking alone.
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 3|She gave herself up to the waves of the storm. If they drowned, it would be together, a shattered vessel on the sea, a collision of longing and desire.
Erich Wolf Segal|We’re just…,” those blue eyes blaze at me and steal my breath, drawing me in, “just different people on different paths.”He comes closer, until he’s standing a centimeter away from me. “Look me in the eye and tell me you don’t want me,” he dares.“Jesus. Are you really that confident?”“I’m really that interested.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|How many psychiatrists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?” “I don’t know. How many?” “Eight.” “Why?” “Oh, stop overanalyzing it.
Dean Koontz, Watchers|If you let loose a law, it willdo as a dog does. It will obey its own nature, not yours. Suchsense as you have put into the law (or the dog) will be fulfilled.But you will not be able to fulfil a fragment of anything you haveforgotten to put into it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Blessed Saviour, blameless LORD.
Sara Quin|I always say that anybody who’s single ― like Sara ― their love is the most intense love. The heartbreak they’re enduring is the most intense heartbreak. We cannot understand what Sara’s going through. When it’s love, it’s my love, you can’t understand it. You can’t compare. But I really related to where Sara was on this record. When she was writing these songs and coming to me like: You don’t understand, I was like: You’re right, but I also do.
Kiran  Joshi, Beyond forever...in love|I turned to the window. A single raindrop fell against it, and seeing my reflection in the glass, I suddenly knew why Finn’s eyes were familiar.They were exactly like mine.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You have not wept at all! I see a white cheek and a faded eye, but no trace of tears. I suppose then, your heart has been weeping blood?
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|He discovered wonderful stories, also, about jewels. In Alphonso's Clericalis Disciplina a serpent was mentioned with eyes of real jacinth, and in the romantic history of Alexander, the Conqueror of Emathia was said to have found in the vale of Jordan snakes 'with collars of real emeralds growing on their backs.' There was a gem in the brain of the dragon, Philostratus told us, and 'by the exhibition of golden letters and a scarlet robe' the monster could be thrown into a magical sleep and slain. According to the great alchemist, Pierre de Boniface, the diamond rendered a man invisible, and the agate of India made him eloquent. The cornelian appeased anger, and the hyacinth provoked sleep, and the amethyst drove away the fumes of wine. The garnet cast out demons, and the hydropicus deprived the moon of her color. The selenite waxed and waned with the moon, and the meloceus, that discovers thieves, could be affected only by the blood of kids. Leonardus Camillus had seen a white stone taken from the brain of a newly killed toad, that was a certain antidote against poison. The bezoar, that was found in the heart of the Arabian deer, was a charm that could cure the plague. In the nests of Arabian birds was the aspirates, that, according to Democritus, kept the wearer from any danger by fire.
Tillie Cole|That stunning fuckin’ smile. I ain’t ever seen you smile in the whole time you’ve been at the compound.”I lost my smile, then replied, “Because I do not have reason to smile very often.”Ky’s fingers began tracing the back of my hand. “Then you make a reason, Li. Don’t make excuses for living a shit life. It ain’t rocket science. You don’t like something, find something you do. Don’t like being around someone, stay the fuck away. Wanna change your life, then get off your ass, bitch and fuckin’ change it.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Intuition is the art of the moment. Intuition is always in the moment, in the here and now. While the intellect always moves like the pendulum of a clock between the memories of the past and the fantasies of the future, intuition is always in the moment, always in the here and now. The more we develop our inner being, the inner source of love and truth, the inner quality of being here and now, the more we also have access to our intuition.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Major Works|But I do not doubt that it is beneficial sometimes to contemplate in the mind, as in a picture, the image of a grander and better world; for if the mind grows used to the trivia of daily life, it may dwindle too much and decline altogether into worthless thoughts.
Christopher Fowler, On the Loose|Everyone, this is the new girl. Elder knows her. New girl, this is everyone.” A few people look up politely; some actually smile. Most, however, look wary at best, disgusted at worse. The nurse closest to me jabs her finger behind her ear and starts whispering to nobody.“What’s wrong with her?” I ask Harley as he leads me to the table he was sitting at.“Oh, don’t worry, we’re all mad here.”I giggle, mostly from nerves. “It’s a good thing I read Alice in Wonder-land . I definitely think I’ve fallen into the rabbit hole.”“Read what?” Harley asks.“Never mind.” All around me, eyes follow my every move.“Look,” I say loudly. “I know I look different. But I’m just a person, like you.” I hold my head up high, looking them all in the eyes, trying to hold their stares for as long as possible.“You tell ’em,” says Harley with another Cheshire grin.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Play Dice|The source of all the problems in the world is ignorance - the limited view point or narrow mindedness or the conditioned state of mind. As the individual learn the fundamental truths of life and move up in the scale of life, to that extent his/her ignorance go away and become open/free.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|Political convictions then were of the utmost importance, so intensely felt that it was difficult even for well-balanced and temperate men to think of the opposition party without bitterness. To the rank and file of the Federalists, the Democrats seemed a vulgar, ignorant mob at best, at worst a group of "knaves and blockheads." To the Democrats, the Federalists appeared abandoned traitors fawning at the feet of the British government, a blindly selfish aristocracy who deserved little better treatment than the French nobility had received a few years before during the Reign of Terror.
Jose Maria Aznar|I'm interested in anything about revolt, disorder, chaos, especially activity that appears to have no meaning. It seems to me to be the road toward freedom.
Stephanie Lahart|Respect, Love, and Value yourself. Always remember to be good to yourself by taking care of yourself. Make yourself a priority and know that it’s okay. Don’t feel guilty for loving yourself, first! You’re just as important as anybody else.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|I fear that in this thing many rich people deceive themselves. They go on accumulating the means but never using them; making bricks, but never building.
Robert M. Drake|She wasn't broken. She was just bent, over the chance of being ignored by the one she loved.
Michelle Sagara West, Cast in Silence|It doesn’t take objectivity to know what you want, and you’re not objective enough to know what you need.
Yukio Mishima, Runaway Horses|A sense of wrongness, of fraught unease, as if long nails scraped the surface of the moon, raising the hackles of the soul.
Robert Heller|Never ignore a gut feeling, but never believe that it's enough.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I can see better when i close my eyes; don't make much ado, that's my latest style of view.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|Some people say he engineered his own arrest to gain an insight into modern methods of policing for a thriller he had planned. But you know what happens to artistic rats in prison: they have their rectums stretched, and not by overindulgence in Michelin-star food; they have their columns examined, and not by internet humorists or a qualified medical practitioner. I’m sure Rat knew this, too. Although he likes to accumulate a wide general knowledge, he would rather have a narrow rectum. A colon comes in handy here, before examples: two dots on top of one other, like the cowboys who copulate on Brokeback Mountain, on a slope so far away you need binoculars to see them properly. In prison there are too many insights and examples. Rat would never risk it.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. What we do with this hour, and that one, is what we are doing. A schedule defends from chaos and whim. It is a net for catching days. It is a scaffolding on which a worker can stand and labor with both hands at sections of time. A schedule is a mock-up of reason and order—willed, faked, and so brought into being; it is a peace and a haven set into the wreck of time; it is a lifeboat on which you find yourself, decades later, still living.
Jeff Buckley|There is no good singing, there is only present and absent.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|There are so many things I can't believe. That people deserve what they get, both bad and good. That one day I'll live in a world where people are judged by what they do instead of who they are. That happy endings don't have contingencies and conditions.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|You’ll find a way. You’ll always find a way. And on the rare occasions when you can’t, you’ll have friends who will.
أحمد عمارة|Thank you," I tell Xander. "I didn't get anything for you -""It's all right," he says, "but maybe - you could -"He looks into my eyes and I know what he wants. A kiss. Even thought he knows about Ky. Xander and I are still connected; this is still good-bye. I know already that that kiss would be sweet. It would be what he would hold on to, as I hold on to Ky's.But that's something I don't think I can give. "Xander -""It's all right," he was, and then he stands up. I do too, and he reaches for me, pulls me close.
Marlo Thomas|I like to write sad songs. They're much easier to write and you get a lot more emotion into them. But people don't want to hear them as much. And radio definitely doesn't; they want that positive, uptempo thing.
Mary Pickford|I have angel wings and a halo on my wrist, which I got done on my 30th birthday in memory of my brother.
Rudolf Steiner|Culture cannot be separated from politics. The arts, philosophy and metaphysics, religion and the sciences, constitute culture. Politics are the science or art of organizing our relationships to allow for the development of life in society.
Sunday Adelaja|The more time you spend with the Lord, the stronger your spirit becomes. This way you get authority not just on earth but also before the Heavens
Pamela Clare, Skin Deep|If I told you your bare ass looks fantastic in the moonlight, would you hold that against me?
Douglas Coupland|If you look at Indian movies, every time they wanted an exotic locale, they would have a dance number in Kashmir. Kashmir was India's fairyland. Indians went there because in a hot country you go to a cold place. People would be entranced by the sight of snow.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|She was not in the body of a young woman but just as I remembered her: a little toddler with a beautiful smile. She reached out with her small hand, and I gripped her tiny fingers as I let go of the pain and sank deeper into the lake.
|The only competition that matters the most in life, is the one between you and your old self.
Kylie Minogue|I'm very romantic, I'm extremely romantic. I date my wife.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Everything will turn into a ruin, even your beliefs will turn into a ruin! There will be no more believers from your belief, there will be only the viewers around your belief, watching this belief of once upon a time, and now just a ruin!
S.G. Holster, Thirty Seconds to Die|Do I make you nervous?" he said teasingly.
Shweta Ganesh Kumar, Between The Headlines|Because we are a globally connected village, we need to remember that our choices are not isolated. They have a powerful ripple effect, and that ripple is global.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I am not going to live, and I can choose to be as much for her as I can be, to burn as brightly for her as I wish, and for a shorter time, than to burden her with someone only half-alive for a longer time. It is my choice, William, and you cannot make it for me.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|If parents want “success stories” to share at gatherings they should provide themselves with those, and they should not use their children for that purpose.
Laurence Miller|Perfect health, long life and eternal youth are not the random genetic blessings of a chaotic or capricious universe, but natural birthrights that can be accessed through the mindful acceptance of simple truths, activated by the committed practice of proven activities, and sustained by advancement along a single known path. This is that path. --The Ageless Adept
Dillon Burroughs, Thirst No More: A One-Year Devotional Journey|Christ is born, my wise Solomon, my wretched pen-pusher! Don´t go picking things over with a needle! Is He born or isn´t He? Of course He is born, don´t be daft. If you take a magnifying glass and look at your drinking water-an engineer told me this, one day – you´ll see, he said, the water´s full of little worms you couldn´t see with your naked eye. You´ll see the worms and you won´t drink. You won´t drink and you´ll curl up with thirst. Smash your glass, boss, and the little worms´ll vanish and you can drink and be refreshed!
Richard Peck, Ghosts I Have Been|As I pen these words to leave a lasting record, I wonder myself where it all began.
Upton Sinclair, The Jungle|To Jurgis the packers had been the equivalent to fate; Ostrinski showed him that they were the Beef Trust. They were a gigantic combination of capital, which had crushed all opposition, and overthrown the laws of the land, and was preying upon the people. Chapter 29, pg. 376
Erin Kellison, Until Dawn|The page contained a single, unfamiliar symbol. It looked like a backward S with the diagonals of an open triangle cutting through it. A straight line bisected both shapes. Could be creepy. Could be nothing.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|There, at her console, he dialed 594: pleased acknowledgement of husband's superior wisdom in all matters
Mark Fisher, Capitalist Realism: Is There No Alternative?|...he refused to consider the Moroccans' present culture, however decadent, an established fact, an existing thing. Instead, he seemed to believe that it was something accidentally left over from bygone centuries, now in a necessary state of transition, that the people needed temporary guidance in order to progress to some better condition.
C.J. Flood, Infinite Sky|Sam was your brother, and Trick was your friend, but what they did had nothing to do with you. You don't have to choose. Just because me and your dad couldn't live together, didn't mean you had to stop loving one of us, did it? Doesn't work like that. Love doesn't work like that.
Charles Baudelaire, My Heart Laid Bare|I never wonder to see men wicked, but I often wonder to see them not ashamed.
Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, The Spider's Thread|He knows nothing about how this will all end, except that it will surely end. He tries to imagine himself into a future, somewhere past this point, but he cannot. There is nothing to do but to keep on existing, in this exact time and place. This is what hell must be like. Waiting without knowing. Not hell, but purgatory. Worse than hell.
Rebecca Katherine Martin|I used to think I was the strangest person in the worldbut then I thought, there are so many people in the world, there must be someone just like me who feels bizarre and flawed in the same ways I doI would imagine her, and imagine that she must be out there thinking of me too.well, I hope that if you are out there you read this and know that yes, it’s true I’m here, and I’m just as strange as you.
Trevor Barton, Red Gods Sing|The pending brahpocalypse/ coup d'état - whatever it was - was much more important than whether a donut-eating Police Officer saw a flying saucer over a gay club or not." - Red Gods Sing.
Kunal  Sen|In those hours when the night is still dark and cold, we see Alokananda waking up to the faint sound of stifled sobs. The sheets besides her are creaseless, sleepless. She gets up silently, her body: blank, a patchwork of frugal impulses. She gathers the warmth of her Pashmina shawl around her, the shawl that she knows still hides threads from a shirt or two of his: remnants of embraces, once feisty and long forgotten.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Grégoire Delacourt, La liste de mes envies|Because our needs are our little daily dreams The little things to be done that project us into tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, the future; trivial things that we plan to buy next week, allowing us to think that next week we'll still be alive.
Edmund White|First, I was opposed to gay marriage because it seemed like one more way that gays were wanting to assimilate. When I realized the Christian right was so opposed to it, as well as tyrannical governments in Africa and Russia, I thought, 'It must be a good thing to fight for.'
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have been asked the question, “Who do you go to for counsel, for spiritual guidance?’ My answer: My wife, Ruth. She is the only one I completely confide in.
Nadia Janice Brown|Fear is a bird that refuses to fly, and each time she neglects to use her wings, she consents to the slow death of her destiny.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|The door buzzer sounded again. The two boys exchanged a single look before both bolting down the narrow hallway to the door. Jordan got there first. He grabbed for the coatrack that stood by the door, ripped the coats off it, and flung the door wide, the rack held aboe his head like a javelin. On the other side of the door was Jace. He blinked. "Is that a coatrack?"Jordan slammed the coatrack down on the ground and sighed. "If you'd been a vampire, this would have been a lot more useful.""Yes," said Jace. "Or, you know, just someone with a lot of coats.
James     Baldwin, Go Tell It on the Mountain|It was not only colored people who praised John, since they could not, John felt, in any case really know; but white people also said it, in fact had said it first and said it still. It was when John was five years old and in the first grade that he was first noticed; and since he was noticed by an eye altogether alien and impersonal, he began to perceive, in wild uneasiness, his individual existence.
Lisa Scottoline, Keep Quiet|Carrie is my child, and I love her with every ounce of strength I possess. If love alone could cure our children, they would always be well.
Debasish Mridha|Everything that happens around and within us is a reflection of our thoughts, imaginations, and actions.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|About once or twice every month I engage in public debates with those whose pressing need it is to woo and to win the approval of supernatural beings. Very often, when I give my view that there is no supernatural dimension, and certainly not one that is only or especially available to the faithful, and that the natural world is wonderful enough—and even miraculous enough if you insist—I attract pitying looks and anxious questions. How, in that case, I am asked, do I find meaning and purpose in life? How does a mere and gross materialist, with no expectation of a life to come, decide what, if anything, is worth caring about?Depending on my mood, I sometimes but not always refrain from pointing out what a breathtakingly insulting and patronizing question this is. (It is on a par with the equally subtle inquiry: Since you don't believe in our god, what stops you from stealing and lying and raping and killing to your heart's content?) Just as the answer to the latter question is: self-respect and the desire for the respect of others—while in the meantime it is precisely those who think they have divine permission who are truly capable of any atrocity—so the answer to the first question falls into two parts. A life that partakes even a little of friendship, love, irony, humor, parenthood, literature, and music, and the chance to take part in battles for the liberation of others cannot be called 'meaningless' except if the person living it is also an existentialist and elects to call it so. It could be that all existence is a pointless joke, but it is not in fact possible to live one's everyday life as if this were so. Whereas if one sought to define meaninglessness and futility, the idea that a human life should be expended in the guilty, fearful, self-obsessed propitiation of supernatural nonentities… but there, there. Enough.
Chris Damian|... he couldn't, as a respectable master in an English public school, have taken us to a brothel. Yet how I wish he had! His introduction to sexual experience would, I feel sure, have been a masterpiece of tact; it might well have speeded up our development by a good five years.
Dan Alatorre|If you bungle raising children, I don't think whatever else you do matters very much.
Jason Schmidt, A List of Things That Didn't Kill Me|If what you need, in order to feel good about yourself later on, is to show him some mercy - then show him mercy. If you need to tell him the truth, do that. But try to look at in terms of what you're going to be able to live with ten, twenty years down the line.
Martin Jacques|After the Meiji restoration in 1868, Japan adopted an expansionist and colonial attitude towards its neighbours. It sought to identify itself with the West and looked down upon the Asian continent as backward and inferior. For most of the next 70 years, Japan was at war, mainly with its neighbours.
Georges Bataille|I think when we shot 'Tokyo Drift' I was a little too young to really understand what made Han who he is, and then I got older, and you start to make a little bit of money, and you realize that money will never buy you happiness.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Perhaps, like most of us in a foreign country, he was incapable of placing people, selecting a frame for their picture, as he would at home; therefore all Americans had to be judged in a pretty equal light, and on this basis his companions appeared to be tolerable examples of local color and national character.
Jack White|Well, I sort of don’t trust anybody who doesn’t like Led Zeppelin.
Christopher Earle|When we repay unkindness with unkindness, we perpetuate the cycle of negativity within which our world is embroiled. We have the right and responsibility to choose differently.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|All suicides have the responsibility of fighting against the temptation of suicide. Every one of them knows very well in some corner of his soul that suicide, though a way out, is rather a mean and shabby one, and that it is nobler and finer to be conquered by life than to fall by one's own hand.
Rebecca McNutt, Danvers: The Reckoning|…So, um, you’re from Rochester? Like, New York?” Jersey asked.“Yup, we used to live out there,” Rudger confirmed, nonchalant. “You ever been?”“Naw, the closest I’ve ever been to there would be… well, believe it or not, New Jersey, the place where my parents named me after. It was crowded, polluted and full of crime… I loved it.
Rebecca Solnit|What is the message that wild animals bring, the message that seems to say everything and nothing? What is this message that is wordless, that is nothing more or less than the animals themselves- that the world is wild, that life is unpredictable in its goodness and its danger, that the world is larger than your imagination.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 2|Then I met Linda and the sun rose.I can't find a better way to express it. The sun rose in my life. At first, as dawn breaking on the horizon, almost as if to say, this is where you have to look. Then came the first rays of sunshine, everything became clearer, lighter, more alive, and I became happier and happier, and then it hung in the sky of my life and shone and shone and shone.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Castle on the Hill|...whatever happens I'll not be afraid again; for, when you've once pushed through the place of torment to the peace beyond, you know that you can do it again. You know there's a strength somewhere that you can call upon. You've confidence.
Barry López, Crossing Open Ground|Imagine a forty-five-year-old male fifty feet long, a slim, shiny black animal cutting the surface of green ocean water at twenty knots. At fifty tons it is the largest carnivore on earth. Imagine a four-hundred-pound heart the size of a chest of drawers driving five gallons of blood at a stroke through its aorta; a meal of forty salmon moving slowly down twelve-hundred feet of intestine…the sperm whale’s brain is larger than the brain of any other creature that ever lived…With skin as sensitive as the inside of your wrist.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|She [Mrs. Badger] was surrounded in the drawing-room by various objects, indicative of her painting a little, playing the piano a little, playing the guitar a little, playing the harp a little, singing a little, working a little, reading a little, writing poetry a little, and botanizing a little. She was a lady of about fifty, I should think, youthfully dressed, and of a very fine complexion. If I add to the little list of her accomplishments that she rouged a little, I do not mean that there was any harm in it.
John Wyndham, The Day of the Triffids|We all have our youthful follies, embarassing to recall -- but people somehow find it hard to dismiss as a youthful folly anything that has happened to be a financial success.
R.J. Palacio|You don't need your eyes to love, Right?
Victor Milán, The Dinosaur Knights|History judged causes' greatness proportionally by how many individuals ,themselves powerless to affect any outcomes of consequence, suffered and died in their service.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|I've always loved you, and when you love someone, you love the whole person, just as he or she is, and not as you would like them to be.
Russell D. Moore|The modern skeptical world has been taught for some 200 years a conception of human nature in which the reality of evil, so well-known to the age of faith, has been discounted. Almost all of us grew up in an environment of such easy optimism that we can scarcely know what is meant, though our ancestors knew it well, by the satanic will. We shall have to recover this forgotten but essential truth ‑ along with so many others that we lost when, thinking we were enlightened and advanced, we were merely shallow and blind.
Brian Celio, Catapult Soul|History, lie of our lives, mire of our loins. Our sins, our souls. Hiss-tih-ree: the tip of the pen taking a trip of three steps (with one glide) down the chronicle to trap a slick, sibilant character. Hiss. (Ss.) Tih. Ree.He was a pig, a plain pig, in the morning, standing five feet ten on one hoof. He was a pig in slacks. He was a pig in school. He was a pig on the dotted line. But in my eyes it’s always the ones signing dotted lines that become pigs.Did this pig have a precursor? He did, indeed he did. In point of fact, dating all the way back to the Biblical Age. Oh where? About everywhere you look there's pigs giving that fancy ol’ snake a chase. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you can always count on a fuckin’ pretentious sarcastican for a fancy prose style.
Faraaz Kazi|In that one moment, I wrapped a thousand others. A lifetime of joy, sorrow, laughter, frowns, smiles, tears... life!
Kahlil Gibran|The deeper that sorrow carves into your being,the more joy you can contain.Is not the cup that holds your wine the very cup that was burned in the potter's oven?And is not the lute that soothes your spirit, the very wood that was hollowed with knives?When you are joyous, look deep into your heart and you shall find it is only that which has given you sorrow that is giving you joy.When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight.
Erykah Badu|My father raised me to build computers, hardware. Literally, as an 8 year old, I had a soldering iron and circuit boards, and this was in neighbourhoods that wouldn't have a whole lot of money or anything. And I figured out ways to just hustle.
Mickey Rooney|Above all, this country is our own. Nobody has to get up in the morning and worry what his neighbors think of him. Being a Jew is no problem here.
Jean M. Grant, A Hundred Kisses|She opened her eyes and touched her lips, as though he had just kissed them. She could taste him.
Dan Florence, Zombies Love Pizza|Sure we could replace war with paintball battles. But it would escalate to paint grenades, paint bombs, weapons of mass paint. I don’t want to live in a world where my kids have to worry about what color they will be in the morning.
Akshay Vasu|Every time I stare into those eyes of yours, they shine like a mirror with the sharp edges, piercing trough every bit of my reflection. It makes me feel like a child lost in the woods. And all of a sudden I hear a song somewhere and a shiver runs down my spine. A song that I have heard somewhere before. A song that makes all my demons dance forcefully at once.
John  Adams|Knowledge in the head and virtue in the heart, time devoted to study or business, instead of show and pleasure, are the way to be useful and consequently happy.
Lynn Nottage|The nice thing about anger is that, as an emotion, it's strong enough to unplug me from the comedian's mind for a minute and just be a frustrated member of the citizenry.
Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers|The cigar has been smoked out, and we are the ashes.
Jettie Necole, The Vault|A giant grin, accompanied by a slight chuckle, had been the grand finale to any of his most successful jokes, while the less impressive resulted in a raise of both his brows, which he followed with a semi-satisfied smirk. The least entertaining attempt at humor would get a shrug and a short grimace that reflected he too understood he’d just bombed. Olivia was acquainted with them all now, considering all the time they’d spent together, the most she’d spent with any other individual inside the vault. Olivia had become accustomed to his infectious humor, though it hadn’t always been so. Especially, when they’d first met.
Samuel R. Delany, The Motion Of Light In Water: Sex And Science Fiction Writing In The East Village|Those moments when we learn that mothers rage and fathers kill, that friends betray and authority is fallible, or that our own blank, innocent ignorance can destroy the pure, the good, and the loved are moments the very memory of which constitutes the beginning of a strategy to live in a world where such horrors exist.
Shawn Michaels|I have a fine level of recognition in the business and among the acting community now, so I consider myself one of the lucky ones. If I didn't think that, there would be something wrong with me. I'm grateful and thankful for what I've got.
Erica Ferencik, The River at Night|The world we know is dwarfed by the worlds we don't. Why not explore them all? Being out there in the wilderness, you have no idea what'll happen, really. It could be just you and this gorgeous night sky, or maybe you are surfing and some big ass wave comes at you, and if you don't ride that sucker, it'll put you under and have you for lunch, or you might turn a corner on a hike and there's some beautiful deer and her little fawn-- now that has meaning, all of those things, and I need more of that and less of trying to make money so I can pay bills to live in a way I just don't care about anymore.
Laurie Faria Stolarz, Deadly Little Games|Humans are suspicious and jealous creatures. When they see something perfect, they want to find a flaw.
Laini Taylor, The Muse of Nightmares|Skathis might have been an artist, but he'd been a vile one. Strange the dreamer was an artist, too, and he was the antidote to vile.
Ban Ki-moon|I support anything that broadens the message of gender equality and tempers the stigma of the feminist label. We run into trouble, though, when we celebrate celebrity feminism while avoiding the actual work of feminism.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|He knew that she took life as it came, opposed her tough-fibered mind to whatever obstacles there might be, fought on with a determination that would not recognize defeat, and kept on fighting even when she saw defeat was inevitable.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|Believing that Sibel was saying these things to me to make me angry, I got angry. But this is not to say that the fury owed nothing to my partial awareness that she was right.
Amanda Lance|What does it matter?" I shrugged. "It's interesting and anything thats interesting is worth learning.
Ann Marie Aguilar|Even in those cities which seem to enjoy the blessings of peace, and where the arts florish, the inhabitants are devoured by envy, cares and anxieties, which are greater plagues than any expirienced in a town when it is under siege.
Nikki Rowe|Were all trying to find meaning to make sense of our realities; in search of happiness within, Without realising our happiness within; is the only reality that gives life a meaning.
Isaac Asimov|Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|If this constant sliding and hiding of meaning were true of conscious life, then we would of course never be able to speak coherently at all. If the whole of language were present to me when I spoke, then I would not be able to articulate anything at all. The ego, or consciousness, can therefore only work by repressing this turbulent activity, provisionally nailing down words on to meanings. Every now and then a word from the unconscious which I do not want insinuates itself into my discourse, and this is the famous Freudian slip of the tongue or parapraxis. But for Lacan all our discourse is in a sense a slip of the tongue: if the process of language is as slippery and ambiguous as he suggests, we can never mean precisely what we say and never say precisely what we mean. Meaning is always in some sense an approximation, a near-miss, a part-failure, mixing non-sense and non-communication into sense and dialogue.
Scott Hammerle, Lessons from the Castle: My Journey From Prince Charming to Executive Level Leader and How You Can Find The Legendary Leader Within|The formula for successful leadership has changed little, if at all over the centuries. It isn’t leadership that changes over time, rather where the leaders need to take their people that changes.
Sara Daniell, Visions|GET IN" he says, getting in on the driver side. I get in with no questions. Okay. This is a bad movie waiting to happen-I'm getting in a car with a guy I just met today who is keeping secrets from me. What the hell is wrong with me? I'm too scared to speak or ask or run away, though. So I just get in and put on my seat belt. I am so stupid.
Jaden Wilkes, The Beast|I'll be ready when you are, esclave. A life for a life. A tale for a tale.
David Byrne, Bicycle Diaries|Yet it wasn’t the Mississippi River that captured Jim Bridger’s imagination : it was the Missouri. A mere six likes from his ferry the two great rivers joined as one, the wild waters of the frontier pouring into the bromide current of the everyday. It was the confluence of old and new, known and unknown, civilization and wilderness. Bridger lived for the rare moments when the fur traders and voyageurs tied their sleek Mackinaws at the ferry landing, sometimes even camping for the night. He marveled at their tales of savage Indians, teeming game, forever plains, and soaring mountains.The frontier for Bridger became an aching presence that he could feel, but could not define, a magnetic force pulling him inexorably toward something that he had heard about, but never seen. A preacher on a swaybacked mule rode Bridger’s ferry one day. He asked Bridger if he knew God’s mission for him in life. Without pause Bridger answered, “Go to the Rockies”. The preacher was elated, urging the boy to consider missionary work with the savages. Bridger had no interest in bringing Jesus to the Indians, but the conversation stuck with him. The boy came to believe that going west was more than just a fancy for someplace new. He came to see it as a part of his soul, a missing piece that could only be made whole on some far-off mountain or plain.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Peace, Love, and Happiness, are the priceless treasures of life.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|He's opening a door, but he already knows I won't walk through. The power of Bodee is in the way he reads me, sees through me, and then understands the truth behind the facade. He's the guy who can walk straight through the House of Mirrors on the first try. It's almost annoying. No one should ride tragedy like a pro surfer while I drown.
William T. Vollmann|Rising up, rising down! History shambles on! What are we left with? A few half-shattered Greek stelae; Trotsky's eyeglasses; Gandhi's native-spun cloth, Cortes' pieces of solid gold (extorted from their original owner, Montezuma); a little heap of orange peels left on the table by the late Robespierre; John Brown's lengthily underlined letters; Lenin's bottles of invisible ink; one of Di Giovanni's suitcases, with an iron cylinder of gelignite and two glass tubes of acid inside; the Constitution of the Ku Klux Klan; a bruised ear (Napoleon pinched it with loving condescension)... And dead bodies, of course. (They sing about John Brown's body.) Memoirs, manifestoes, civil codes, trial proceedings, photographs, statues, weapons now aestheticized by that selfsame history - the sword of Frederick the Great, and God knows what else. Then dust blows out of fresh graves, and the orange peels go grey, sink, wither, rot away. Sooner or later, every murder becomes quaint. Charlemagne hanged four and a half thousand "rebels" in a single day, but he has achieved a storybook benevolence. And that's only natural: historiography begins after the orange has been sucked,; the peeler believes in the "great and beautiful things," or wants to believe; easy for us to believe likewise, since dust reduced truth and counterfeit to the same greyness - caveat emptor. But ends remain fresh, and means remain inexplicable. Rising up and rising down! And whom shall I save, and who is my enemy, and who is my neighbor?
Peggy Toney Horton, Somewhere in Heaven My Mother Is Smiling|Ah, how quickly the hands on the clock circle toward the future we thought was far away! And how soon we become our mothers.
Peter Mayle, A Year in Provence|My favorite of all was still the place on Vermont, the French cafe, La Lyonnaise, that had given me the best onion soup on that night with George and my father. The two owners hailed from France, from Lyon, before the city had boomed into a culinary sibling of Paris. Inside, it had only a few tables, and the waiters served everything out of order, and it had a B rating in the window, and they usually sat me right by the swinging kitchen door, but I didn't care about any of it.There, I ordered chicken Dijon, or beef Bourguignon, or a simple green salad, or a pate sandwich, and when it came to the table, I melted into whatever arrived. I lavished in a forkful of spinach gratin on the side, at how delighted the chef had clearly been over the balance of spinach and cheese, like she was conducting a meeting of spinach and cheese, like a matchmaker who knew they would shortly fall in love. Sure, there were small distractions and preoccupations in it all, but I could find the food in there, the food was the center, and the person making the food was so connected with the food that I could really, for once, enjoy it.
Yasmine El Rashidi|When you have a dream and someone makes promises they keep breaking, it is hard to recover. You lose hope.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|...but it's not so much having to repair the damage, it's more the attitude behind the vandalism, Harry. Muggle-baiting might strike some wizards as funny, but it's an expression of something much deeper and nastier...
Mara Altman, Sparkle|Congratulations is a societal burp that follows a positive act. When you graduate AA, you get a congratulations. When you throw back three bottles of whiskey in one night, you do not. For a species that is interested in furthering its kind, no one will congratulate you for succeeding in one more day of spinsterhood. If you follow the Congratulation Super Highway, you will get engaged, married and then have children. Getting a congratulations has never been so easy. Just have some unprotected sex.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|And what if you weren’t a jinni? What if you were free from their rules?”I stare at him. His jaw tightens, his eyes steely with determination that frightens me to my core. A cloud drifts across the face of the crescent moon, and the courtyard darkens. Here and there, the grass is still bent where Aladdin and I danced just hours earlier. I drop my gaze and glare at it, shaking from head to toe.“Don’t say it, Aladdin. Don’t you even think it.” Dread rises in me like a storm cloud, dark and menacing.Aladdin moves closer. He takes my hands. His skin is warm and crackling with energy, setting me on fire.“I have one wish left,” he murmurs. “And this one is for you.”“No, Aladdin! Don’t speak it. Don’t make the Forbidden Wish. The cost—”“Damn the cost. Zahra, I wish—”I stop him with a kiss.Because it is the first thing I think of to stop the terrible words. Because he fills me with light and hope and deep, deep fear. Because I have been longing to for days.
Marlo Thomas|As governor, when I visited our troops in Kuwait and Iraq, I served them Thanksgiving dinner. It was a small gesture compared to their sacrifice.
Shirl Solomon, Knowing Your Child Through His Handwriting and Drawings|The child is father of the man….attributed to Sigmund Freud, but believed to have been coined by a well-known poet years before Freud's time
John Frusciante|I am musical and I enjoy theatre, but I never wanted to just do theatre. I always wanted to go into film. I love film. I loved growing up in the theatre, but I always wanted to do film all along. But, I still pursue music separately.
Dianna Hardy, The Spell of Summer|...today, I’m writing about the extraordinary; those ‘moments’ in life that reach us, and change us. Those moments take place all the time, really – it’s just that we’re taught not to notice. We’re taught that whims are for the foolish; that instinct and passion are more akin to fairy tales than reality; that they won’t get us very far, and everyone would laugh at us if they knew what we really held close to our hearts.It’s a lie we allow ourselves, and it’s understandable.But it’s simply not true.
Milan Ljubincic|Love is what happens when we forgive. I forgive Connor Evans. A part of me will always love him, but from this day on I won't hate him. Not for one minute. I forgive him because he gave me Max.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|The Tao that can be told is not the eternal Tao. The name that can be named is not the eternal name. The nameless is the beginning of heaven and earth. The named is the mother of ten thousand things. Ever desireless, one can see the mystery. Ever desiring, one can see the manifestations. These two spring from the same source but differ in name; this appears as darkness. Darkness within darkness. The gate to all mystery.
Kaye George, Smoke|Imogene Duckworthy did not like pigs. She was fairly fond of cattle, having grown up surrounded by them. She hadn't been around pigs much. In fact, this was the first time she'd ever driven toward a pig farm.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|The best Gift a man can get from God is a noble wife, trust me, everything is possible!
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|We lived only to dance. What was the true characteristic of a queen, I wondered later on; and you could argue that forever. “What do we all have in common in this group?” I once asked a friend seriously, when it occurred to me how slender, how immaterial, how ephemeral the bond was that joined us; and he responded, “We all have lips.” Perhaps that is what we all had in common: no one was allowed to be serious, except about the importance of music, the glory of faces seen in the crowd. We had our songs, we had our faces! We had our web belts and painter’s jeans, our dyed tank tops and haircuts, the plaid shirts, bomber jackets, jungle fatigues, the all-important shoes.
Caleb Carr|When a man is wrong and won't admit it, he always gets angry.
C.S. Lewis|The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts.
Oscar Wilde, The Star-Child and Other Tales|I really don't think it's a case of not caring at all about animals. Instead, I think it's a case of caring so much about one's own self that everything else becomes immaterial.
Valentino Braitenberg, Vehicles: Experiments in Synthetic Psychology|Think big: Universe is a village, a small place! When you think big, all will get smaller!
Lysa TerKeurst|Good units walk a thin line between indiscipline and ineffectiveness. Ignore the rules too often and you’ve got a mob, but enforce the rules too strictly and you’ve got a herd.
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|Nobody died. how can you kill an idea? How can you kill the personification of an action?""Then what died? who are you mourning?""A point of view.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|It turned out I was pretty good in science. But again, because of the small budget, in science class we couldn't afford to do experiments in order to prove theories. We just believed everything. Actually, I think that class was called Religion. Religion class was always an easy class. All you had to do was suspend the logic and reasoning you were being taught in all the other classes.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The pleasure of remembering had been taken from me, because there was no longer anyone to remember with. It felt like losing your co-rememberer meant losing the memory itself, as if the things we'd done were less real and important than they had been hours before.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|… she claimed it’s a sign of God’s mercy that He won’t let us remember the reddest details of pain. He knows the parts we can’t bear and won’t let our minds render them again. In time, from disuse, they pale away. At least such was her thinking. God lays the unbearable on you and then takes some back.
Cheryl Matthynssens, The Blackguard|If you’re going to be killed you invent some kind of flag and country to fight for, and if you survive you get to love the thing
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|When we die, we go into the arms of those who remember us.
Masi Oka|The Web is actually a coming together of three technologies, if you like: the hypertext, the personal computer, and the network. So, the network we had, and the personal computers were there, but people didn't use them, because they didn't know what to use them for, except maybe for a few games.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|It is easy, when you are young, to believe that what you desire is no less than what you deserve, to assume that if you want something badly enough, it is your God-given right to have it. When I decided to go to Alaska that April, like Chris McCandless, I was a raw youth who mistook passion for insight and acted according to an obscure, gap-ridden logic. I thought climbing the Devils Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams. And I lived to tell my tale.
Patti Smith|When my book 'Rich Dad's Prophecy' was released in 2002, most financial newspapers and magazines trashed it because I discussed a looming stock market crash.
Steven Wright|When I get real bored, I like to drive downtown and get a great parking spot, then sit in my car and count how many people ask if I'm leaving.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Time stops when you are in love, even as you age.
Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe|I wonder how many people don't get the one they want, but end up with the one they're supposed to be with.
Philip Appleman|Remember, faith is the harbinger of chaos.
Alastair Reynolds|Oh, how we could blossom if we didn't have to fight to the death to merely exist!
Gautama Buddha|There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind.
David Brooks|You can’t build rich lives simply by reading sermons or following abstract rules. Example is the best teacher. Moral improvement occurs most reliably when the heart is warmed,
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|The carved stone sign in front read Building C.Imaginative title, Langdon thought
Ann Head|His face searching the bus windows looked expectant, impatient, and a little anxious. It was a husband's face. Familiar, known, increasing beloved. Mary Ann, I reflected, had an awful lot to learn. And actually, I reflected, I wouldn't be in her shoes right now for all the flowers in Bermuda...having it all to learn again.
Voltaire, Candide|Let us work without reasoning,' said Martin; 'it is the only way to make life endurable.
Janet Frame, Janet Frame: An Autobiography|...there must be an inviolate place where the choices and decisions, however imperfect, are the writer's own, where the decision must be as individual and solitary as birth or death.
Matt Haig, The Humans|Go on,” he offered magnanimously. “Feel free to piss on yourselves andcower helplessly.”Gods, sometimes his generosity overwhelmed him.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we are to build that Zion of which the prophets have spoken and of which the Lord has given mighty promise, we must set aside our consuming selfishness. We must rise above our love for comfort and ease, and in the very process of effort and struggle, even in our extremity, we shall become better acquainted with our God." — Gordon B. Hinckley
Ronald Barthes|In the dry places, men begin to dream. Where the rivers run sand, there is something in man that begins to flow. West of the 98TH Meridian - where it sometimes rain and it sometimes doesn’t – towns, like weeds, spring up when it rains, dry up when it stops. But in a dry climate, the husk of the plant remains. The stranger might find, as if preserved in amber, something of the green life that was once lived there, and the ghosts of men who have gone on to a better place. The withered towns are empty, but not uninhabited. Faces sometimes peer out from the broken windows, or whisper from the sagging balconies, as if this place – now that is dead – had come to life. As if empty it is forever occupied. Reproduced in THE BORSCHT BELT from The Works of Love by Wright Morris by permission of the University of Nebraska Press. Copyright 1949, 1951 by Wright Morris.
Carol Vorvain, A Fool in Istanbul: Adventures of a self denying workaholic|What’s success? Having lots of money? No, this is part of the practicalities of life. It is not success. Success is having two daughters who grow into fine ladies, two boys who grow into fine gentlemen. Success is waking up next to the loved one dumbstruck at your luck of meeting them.
Mercedes McCambridge|Plenty of people detested Michael Jackson before his death wiped away the world's collective memory. Timberlake was originally dismissed as just another boy-bander. Legions have joined in a 'Hate Anne Hathaway' movement. Elvis, the Rolling Stones, Kristen Bell, even Mozart had haters.
Sarah Kay|My mom was always pretty supportive. She saw me do plays and she'd always act out the parts I did. My aunt, who played a big part in my life, was a little bit more reserved, because if they don't see you on TV every week they think you must be starving.
Nicholas M. Cuono Sr., This Is His House and These Are His Rules|Ask and you shall receive, seek and you shall find'…never were any truer words spoken.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|The air around her was cool lately, as if she were creating a vacuum with her unhappiness.
Henry Miller|Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.
Johann Gottfried Herder, Another Philosophy of History and Selected Political Writings|A learned society of our day, no doubt with the loftiest of intentions, has proposed the question, “Which people, in history, might have been the happiest?” If I properly understand the question, and if it is not altogether beyond the scope of a human answer, I can think of nothing to say except that at a certain time and under certain circumstances every people must have experienced such a moment or else it never was [a people]. Then again, human nature is no vessel for an absolute, independent, immutable happiness, as defined by the philosopher; rather, she everywhere draws as much happiness towards herself as she can: a supple clay that will conform to the most different situations, needs, and depressions. Even the image of happiness changes with every condition and location (for what is it ever but the sum of “the satisfaction of desire, the fulfillment of purpose, and the gentle overcoming of needs,” all of which are shaped by land, time, and place?). Basically, then, all comparison becomes futile. As soon as the inner meaning of happiness, the inclination has changed; as soon as external opportunities and needs develop and solidify the other meaning—who could compare the different satisfaction of different meanings in different worlds? Who could compare the shepherd and father of the Orient, the ploughman and the artisan, the seaman, runner, conqueror of the world? It is not the laurel wreath that matters, nor the sight of the blessed flock, neither the merchant vessels nor the conquered armies’ standards—but the soul that needed this, strove for it, finally attained it and wanted to attain nothing else. Every nation has its center of happiness within itself, as every ball has its center of gravity!
Constance Savery, Enemy Brothers|We are all just illusions of what we want the world to believe about us, no one even begins to assume what lurks below my surface, not even my best friends. ~Callum~
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Why must Justice have a color? Is it the same "REASON" that the sky are "BLUE?
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|There's an old saying that applies to me: you can't lose a game if you don't play the game. (Act 1, scene 4)
Ben Nicholas|A woman may develop wrinkles and cellulite, lose her waistline, her bustline, her ability to bear a child, even her sense of humor, but none of that implies a loss of her sexuality, her femininity
Anne Enright|Keep testing your conviction from time to time, with your intellect as well as emotions to ensure you are on the right path!
James Altucher|When you think about how time is passing, think about how you can use what is passing with time. You can't stop time but you can use or misuse what is passing with time
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|He was not at the moment in very good odour at Bow Street. Such epithets as Blockhead and Blunderer had been used in connection with his last case. 'Jeremiah Stubbs, miss,’ said the Runner. ‘I am here in the execution of my dooty.
Compton Gage|Ask the womb of a woman, and say unto her, If thou bring forth children, why dost thou it not together, but one after another? pray her therefore to bring forth ten children at once.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Get high on love, not drugs.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|He gives me a little shrug, like, of course, why else? And at this point, I really have no right to be surprised by people's capacity for kindness and generosity, but still, I am. I'm floored every time.
Terry Pratchett|We all think we understand each other,' Kin heard Silver say. 'We eat together, we trade, many of us pride ourselves on having alien friends - but all this is only possible, only possible, Kin, because we do not fully comprehend the other. You've studied Earth history. Do you think you could understand the workings of of the mind of a Japanese warrior a thousand years ago? But he is as a twin to you compare with Marco, or with myself. When we use the word "cosmopolitan" we use it too lightly - it's flippant, it means we're galactic tourists who communicate in superficialities. We don't comprehend. Different worlds, Kin. Different anvils of gravity and radiation and evolution.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|Can the purpose of a relationship be to trigger our wounds? In a way, yes, because that is how healing happens; darkness must be exposed before it can be transformed. The purpose of an intimate relationship is not that it be a place where we can hide from our weaknesses, but rather where we can safely let them go. It takes strength of character to truly delve into the mystery of an intimate relationship, because it takes the strength to endure a kind of psychic surgery, an emotional and psychological and even spiritual initiation into the higher Self. Only then can we know an enchantment that lasts.
Charles Bukowski, Tales of Ordinary Madness|Religion and spirituality can easily be intertwined; however, there is a very distinct separation between the two.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|I'm alone, inside the world of the story. My favorite feeling in the world.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|People will laugh at anything, except their own moronic self.
Dodie Smith|I am not so sure I should like the facts of life, but I have got over the bitter disappointment I felt when I first heard about them,...
Whitney Otto, How to Make an American Quilt|Read "The Story of O." Convince yourself that it was in fact written by a woman or someone who thinks like a woman.
Ina Garten|I'm not a lyric writer to make statements. What I enjoy doing is making paintings with lyrics, creating colorful images. I think that's more what entertainment and music should be.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Remember, without a goal, your stamina is useless no matter how you get trained. You may defend your integrity and attack your obstacles, but when you have no target in focus, you will score many zero number of goals...
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Ladies, a man doesn't want respect, he needs it. A man does not need love. There is no where it is written that a man needs love. They simply needs respect. A man interprets respect as love.When a woman tells a man that she loves him, it doesn't mean anything to him, but when a man knows you respects him, that means a whole lot to him.
Francis of Assisi|God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Literature Like a Professor: A Lively and Entertaining Guide to Reading Between the Lines|Before you treat a man with a condition, know that not all cures can heal all people. For the chemistry that works on one patient may not work for the next, because even medicine has its own conditions.
Scott Lynch, Red Seas Under Red Skies|It is not always about what you eat and drink. Rather it can be about what you are not eating and drinking, for which the body is desperately craving!
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|Stick to now. Put right the things you can put right today, and let the ones from back then go. Leave the rest to the angels, or the devil or whoever's in charge of it.
Thomas Perez|'Love Story' is actually about a guy that I almost dated. But when I introduced him to my family and my friends, they all said they didn't like him. All of them!
William Barclay, The Gospel of Luke|Jesus promised his disciples three things—that they would be completely fearless, absurdly happy, and in constant trouble.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The closer the people of all races get to Christ and His cross, the closer they will get to one another.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|Moments… there are always moments where a decision has to be made. In mortal life there is always a choice. One road or another? The ultimate choose your own adventure story. In the clans, there is only one option, and that is to do whatever your clan’s oracle tells you to do.
Karen   White|...Being a mother is like being a gardener of souls. You tend your children, make sure the light always touches them
Colleen Oakley, Close Enough to Touch|And then I keep reading, anyway—but not just because I like the story. I like knowing that I'm touching her with my words. That they're crawling in her ears as she sleeps.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|New struggles. -- After Buddha was dead, they still showed his shadow in a cave for centuries -- a colossal, horrible shadow. God is dead, but given the way people are, there may still be caves for millennia in which his shadow is displayed. -- And we -- we must still defeat his shadow as well!
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|There are many, many types of books in the world, which makes good sense, because there are many, many types of people, and everybody wants to read something different.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Certain coincidence is wonderful. Certain meetings are memorable. Sometimes you meet some people for just a moment and they leave indelible footprints on your mind. They give you the reasons to ponder over and over. They become your food for thought. Though they go, their presence is felt within the innermost of the heart and the soul; especially when such people were a reason for a smile, or they were a perfect fit for a vacuum or probably they were a heavenly sent or maybe they were an epitome of a great union; when their light could shine to brighten the dark side of our lives; when they knew how to arouse interest even in the face of dull atmosphere; when they did understand silence and know the value and power of words; when even their absence is felt more than their presence. You can’t just forget about such people. Though they leave, they live within our hearts, mind, body and soul.
Sunday Adelaja|Birth is vast and multifaceted; radiant and mysterious. Birth contains multitudes, and through her we birth our multitudes. We give birth to our hopes and our fears, to our ecstasies and our agonies, to our joy and our disappointments. We give birth to our babies, each one perfect and radiant. We give birth through our instincts, and we give birth to our instincts. We give birth to our capacity for instincts, which will match us perfectly with our babies, who are, and always will be, instinctive creatures. May we all be blessed through instinctive birth.
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|It was only in a place like Paris where knowing the books someone loved, whether they followed Lévi-Strauss or Sartre, was the yardstick by which to measure them.
Fiona Wood, Wildlife|We combine our three packs of pasta for dinner – pesto. We tip the dried stuff into a pan, add water and simmer. We try it, looking at each other with disbelief as it hits the tastebuds. ‘It’s pesto, Jim, but not as we know it,’ I say.‘Fascinating,’ says Lou, unsmiling humouring my Star Trek reference, while wincing at the foul food. (And what made me say that? Is there such a thing as a dad-joke vacuum that needs to be filled, even in the wild?)
Alice Hoffman, The Marriage of Opposites|...never to rush something I was creating, but instead let it come into being as if it had a soul of it's own.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|I feel something on my chest. Ivy's resting her head on me. In fact, she's pulled herself so close that we're touching everywhere. My heart picks up speed again, but I'm surprisingly calm, seeing her beautiful face close to mine, her eyes closed in an expression of content bliss, and—the best part—feeling her own heart pound in time with mine. She's feeling what I'm feeling.That is when I know for sure."Ivy?" I know what I have to do."Mm?" Her songbird voice is a calm purr."I think...no. I really, really like you."Like moving through molasses, Ivy raises her head. Her eyes are enormous with bewilderment. But there's no fright, no dislike, no anything that discourages me, With that in mind, I don't hesitate as I move my face and my lips to her lips.Ivy's lips are cool like water but delicate and velvety and smooth like round pebbles. She smells like wildflowers, wet earth, and freshly cut grass, which only makes me want her more. I press my lips harder against hers, and a shiver of delight snakes through me when I feel her press back. Daring myself, I open my mouth. So does she, and the kiss deepens. My hand slides upward to caress her satin cheek, and the back of my neck tingles as her fingers play with my hair.This is it. Ivy's and my first kiss. I wouldn't have it any other way.Unhurriedly we pull our faces away, though we leave our foreheads touching."Ivy?" I peer into her eyes. She doesn't look upset, but more calm and curious.She meets my eyes and asks, "What was that?""A kiss. You do it with people you like."To my amazement Ivy leans forward and kisses me again. It's incredible as the first time."That is my feeling towards you," she tells me as she leans back. She meets my eyes, her face flushed but determined. "I...am...really liking you, too."I smile and pull her to me, and we grasp each other like we never want to let go.She likes me. I like her.This can't get any better.
Aristotle|I'm doing my best to raise my son and give him a nurturing, loving, and caring environment so he can grow up and be the best version of himself.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|People today are trying to hang on to the dignity of man, but they do not know how to, because they have lost the truth that man is made in the image of God. . . . We are watching our culture put into effect the fact that when you tell men long enough that they are machines, it soon begins to show in their actions. You see it in our whole culture -- in the theater of cruelty, in the violence in the streets, in the death of man in art and life.
Robert Cwiklik, Albert Einstein and the Theory of Relativity|I don’t deny that it was more than a coincidence which made things turn out as they did, it was a whole train of coincidences. But what has providence to do with it? I don’t need any mystical explanation for the occurrence of the improbable; mathematics explains it adequately, as far as I’m concerned.Mathematically speaking, the probable (that in 6,000,000,000 throws with a regular six-sided die the one will come up approximately 1,000,000,000 times) and the improbable (that in six throws with the same die the one will come up six times) are not different in kind, but only in frequency, whereby the more frequent appears a priori more probable. But the occasional occurrence of the improbable does not imply the intervention of a higher power, something in the nature of a miracle, as the layman is so ready to assume. The term probability includes improbability at the extreme limits of probability, and when the improbable does occur this is no cause for surprise, bewilderment or mystification.
Gwyneth Lewis, Sunbathing In The Rain: A Cheerful Book About Depression|The wordlessness of depression is a galling experience. You can't phone your friends, writing an e-mail is beyond you, you can't put pen to paper. The disease is a crash course in meaninglessness, lack of structure, the collapse of form.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I respect you," he murmured. "and your views. I think of you as an equal. I respect your brains, and all those big words you like to use. But I also want to rip your clothes off and have sex with you until you scream and cry and see God." -Jack Travis (Smooth Talking Stranger)
Gregory Maguire, After Alice|Mongkol, poor Mongkol, shedding tears.Thinking of his smiling, comical face, and his dreams of sending his son to university, I could only lower my head in silence.And the night continued, cold and dark, the wind frozen beyond the mountains.
Butch Otter|This Bible is for the government of the people, by the people and for the people.
Adolf Hitler|It's possible to satisfy the needs of the inner life by an intimate communion with nature, or by knowledge of the past.
Debasish Mridha|To find prosperity in life, help others to prosper.
Oprah Winfrey|I was so sure and Ididn’t want to admit I got it that wrong. And when you’re that sureand end up getting it that wrong, you lose faith in yourself, yourability to make the right decisions about your life.
Laini Taylor, Night of Cake & Puppets|Keep it simple, keep it tasty. Salt, pepper and garlic. Shallot another day, lemon grass for nextweek. Nutmeg and cinnamon every now and then.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|[T]he success of every novel -- if it's a novel of action -- depends on the high spots. The thing to do is to say to yourself, "What are my big scenes?" and then get every drop of juice out of 
Rabindranath Tagore|Reach high, for stars lie hidden in you. Dream deep, for every dream precedes the goal.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|The state must declare the child to be the most precious treasure of the people. As long as the government is perceived as working for the benefit of the children, the people will happily endure almost any curtailment of liberty and almost any deprivation.
Vernor Vinge, The Children of the Sky|Politics is so difficult, it's generally only people who aren't quite up to the task who feel convinced they are.
Isaac Asimov|If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster.
LaShawnda Jones|If you’ve ever taken an economics course you know that markets are supposed to be based on informed consumers making rational choices. I don’t have to tell you, that’s not what’s done. If advertisers lived by market principles then some enterprise, say, General Motors, would put on a brief announcement of their products and their properties, along with comments by Consumer Reports magazine so you could make a judgment about it.That’s not what an ad for a car is—an ad for a car is a football hero, an actress, the car doing some crazy thing like going up a mountain or something. If you’ve ever turned on your television set, you know that hundreds of millions of dollars are spent to try to create uninformed consumers who will make irrational choices—that’s what advertising is.
House|Lies are simpler, and most of the time they make better sense.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Surrounded by enemies, surrounded by evil, surrounded by darkness, injustice......."don't be afraid , those who are with us are more than those who are with them"2 Kings 6:16
Ellen J. Barrier|When you grow and rise above the masses, you will always become a target. Just as the flower grows above the grass, it becomes a target for the nourishment of the rays of sunshine, it also becomes a target to be cut down.
Ahmad Fuadi, Negeri 5 Menara|Clever and civilized men will not stay homeLeave your homeland and explore foreign fieldsGo out! You shall find replacement for those you have leftGive your all, the sweetness of life will be tasted after the struggleI have seen that standing water stagnatesIf it flows, it is pure, if it does not, it will become murkyIf the lion doesn’t leave his den, he will not eatIf the arrow does not leave the bow, it will not strikeIf the sun stands still in its orbitMan will tire of itGold dust merely soil before excavatedAloewood is just ordinary wood if in the forestTravel by Imam Syafii
George Eliot, Middlemarch|For in the multitude of middle-aged men who go about their vocations in a daily course determined for them much in the same way as the tie of their cravats, there is always a good number who once meant to shape their own deeds and alter the world a little. The story of their coming to be shapen after the average and fit to be packed by the gross, is hardly ever told even in their consciousness; for perhaps their ardour in generous unpaid toil cooled as imperceptibly as the ardour of other youthful loves, till one day their earlier self walked like a ghost in its old home and made the new furniture ghastly. Nothing in the world more subtle than the process of their gradual change! In the beginning they inhaled it unknowingly: you and I may have sent some of our breath towards infecting them, when we uttered our conforming falsities or drew our silly conclusions: or perhaps it came with the vibrations from a woman's glance.
Cherrie Moraga|But communication is two-sided - vital and profound communication makes demands also on those who are to receive it... demands in the sense of concentration, of genuine effort to receive what is being communicated.
Deyth Banger|If every punch, kick done by somebody female or male (it doesn't matter) or a curses said by one of this two sexes and every other thing which makes you feel that you aren't protected or you are heart. Was replacted with a book, that you don't receive a punch or kick, but a book you will be an a librarian!
Henri-Frédéric Amiel, Amiel's Journal|Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Tom Robbins|If only 7 percent of the 2 billion Christians in the world would care for a single orphan in distress, there would effectively be no more orphans. If everybody would be willing to simply do something to care for one of these precious treasures, I think we would be amazed by just how much we could change the world.
Anaïs Nin|In the world of the dreamer there was solitude: all the exaltations and joys came in the moment of preparation for living. They took place in solitude. But with action came anxiety, and the sense of insuperable effort made to match the dream, and with it came weariness, discouragement, and the flight into solitude again. And then in solitude, in the opium den of remembrance, the possibility of pleasure again.
Rob Thomas|Without any formal personal finance instruction in our high school or college curricula, many college seniors who graduate in the red will continue to make common financial mistakes that only exacerbate their debt burdens.
Clive Barker|An Important thing : never lie to yourself, for real... worst thing is when you lie to yourself, you just keep doing it and you don't know. 
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|If you had hope, maybe you could find a way to make things change,. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Shift from mediocrity to excellence. Mediocrity and Excellence are like jealous suitors fighting for a partner and competing to please him/her, to the extent they do all they can to reproduce in sets of twins. Mediocrity gives birth to Irrelevance and Obscurity, whilst Excellence breeds Relevance and Significance. These sets of twins cannot inhabit the same life, only one compatible pair can co-exist.
Alfred Adler|It's great to be somewhat of a role model. I want to be a positive and good role model and lead by example and try to do the best I can. Playing good golf definitely draws attention, but I want to have a good attitude on the course and do the right things.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|The reasons for Emma's illness and for her decision to allow life in, rather than die, are intertwined and involve the beginnings of her feelings of belonging, of safety and of competence to be in the world.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|For the very first time Andrew realized that life, real life, had no connection with the way people spent their days, whose lips they kissed, what medals were pinned on them, or the shoes they mended. Life, real life went on soundlessly...ultimately there was no difference between Queen Victoria and the most wretched beggar in London: both were complex machines made up of bone, organ, and tissue, whose fuel was the breath of God.
Agnostic Zetetic|I am openly prideful, secretly judgemental, and cowardly in conflict.
David Schweikert|Imperceptibly, the developed world's manufacturing base was gradually eroding and being replaced by securitized finance that destroyed itself and nearly its economies in 2008.
Philip Reeve, Mortal Engines|The earth's orbit didn't slow down. The world didn't stop falling. Slowly, very, very slowly, Michael started to sink to his knees.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I'll get them out and come back. I promise.""On your word as a cutthroat and a pirate?"He touched my cheek once, briefly. "Privateer."Another explosion rocked the grounds."Let's go!" shouted Mal.As we sprinted into the tunnel, I glanced back and saw Nikolai silhouetted against the purple twilight. I wondered if I'd ever see him again.
Thomas S. Monson|I love her. I love her. I love her. I love her. And this time, I will never let her go.
R.v.m.|RVM Thoughts for Today - "Things will happen.You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse . React Positively. Live Happily 
Elisabeth Staab, Acts of Creation|Luke's eyes were on a government position in DC, while all Natalie wanted was help make the world a sweeter place.
Nancy E. Turner, Sarah's Quilt|I was pirouette and flourish,I was filigree and flame.How could I count my blessingswhen I didn't know their names?
Navessa Allen, Scandal|To be mad is to feel with excruciating intensity the sadness and joy of a time which has not arrived or has already been. And to protect their delicate vision of that other time, madmen will justify their condition with touching loyalty, and surround it with a thousand distractive schemes. These schemes, in turn, drive them deeper and deeper into the darkness and light (which is their mortification and their reward), and confront them with a choice. They may either slacken and fall back, accepting the relief of a rational view and the approval of others, or they may push on, and, by falling, arise. When and if by their unforgivable stubbornness they finally burst through to worlds upon worlds of motionless light, they are no longer called afflicted or insane. They are called saints.
Felicity Everett, The People at Number 9|You must push through the negativity and self-criticism that dam up your creativity and just let it flow. Be your authentic self. Write or sing or dance or paint with your whole being, without guardedness or cynicism and without trying to second-guess an audience.
Sandra Day O'Connor|Remember that a civilized nation cannot just have one party; if there were only one party, this would merely be a dictatorship. Politics could not advance.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|What tale do you like best to hear?' 'Oh, I have not much choice! They generally run on the same theme - courtship; and promise to end in the same catastrophe - marriage.
Christine Warren, Heart of Stone|Since she moved in, Carter found himself in the mood for a lot of things he hadn't been before. Crispy salmon wasn't one of them.
Shawn Michael Severud, Perdida: Essays to Be Read While Intoxicated|I once overheard someone telling someone else "Don't confuse kindness with something else." Even though this was not directed at me, I took heed and never hedged my bets.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I've often told people who ask if there is a God: Get around enough people with horses and see what happens. See how they survive in spite of all the things they do, and you'll become a believer!
Herbert M. Shelton, Food Combining Made Easy|Rationally, factory farming is so obviously wrong, in so many ways. In all of my reading and conversations, I've yet to find a credible defense of it. But food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, and identity.
Lucy Robinson, The Greatest Love Story of All Time|How do you feel about going on a date with me? I'm abroad for another two weeks; you've got plenty of time to prepare yourself. It will be the best night of your life, of course.
Dan Wells, Mr. Monster|An officer put me in my place from the first moment.I was standing by the billiard-table and in my ignorance blocking up the way, and he wanted to pass; he took me by the shoulders and without a word--without a warning or explanation--moved me from where I was standing to another spot and passed by as though he had not noticed me. I could have forgiven blows, but I could not forgive his having moved me without noticing me.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|I know you're more than fae."	She just grinned. "It's true, I'm part fae, part awesome.
Amy Franklin-Willis, The Lost Saints of Tennessee|I'll remind you of that someday , Maura says. "when you're married to a man who once looked into your eyes and promised to forsake all others. I'll remind of that after you've just had his baby and you have postpartum depression and feel as fat as cow and you are pumping milk into a plastic containers in the middle of the night while he's running around with some twenty-two-years old named Lissette. I'll remind you of that. Maura to Jess.
Stefan Molyneux|If you can convince people that freedom is injustice, they will then believe that slavery is freedom.
Larry Correia, Monster Hunter Alpha|A dozen great fires raged under the city walls, where casks of burning pitch had exploded, but the wildfire reduced them to no more than candles in a burning house, their orange and scarlet pennons fluttering insignificantly against the jade holocaust.
Pat Conroy|The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.
Nyrae Dawn, What a Boy Wants|If you have to use the words, “deep down” all that means is you're fooling yourself. You're seeing what you want to see and not what's really there.
Rich Mullins|Bear in mind, children, that they listen to you because you are kids—not because you are right. That's how our Father listens to us.
George Eliot, The Lifted Veil|I can see, and that is why I can be happy, in what you call the dark, but which to me is golden. I can see a God-made world, not a manmade world.
Cristina Henriquez, The Book of Unknown Americans|I took his razor from the shower floor, bits of his black hair still caked between the blades. I took his toothbrush from the sink counter and sucked on the bristles, trying to find the taste of him, but there was only the flavor of watery mint toothpaste....I pulled the sheets off the bed with the idea that I could gather up the imprint of him and save it. I thought, I can unfurl the sheets on our old bed at home. I can lie in the creases formed by his body. I can sleep with him again.
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|What is law? Is it what is on the books, or what is actually enacted and obeyed in a society? Or is law what must be enacted and obeyed, whether or not it is on the books, if things are to go right?
Anthony Steyning|Show me a culture where honesty is considered ridiculous, where nobody's ever accountable for anything, where anger gets admired as a sign of strength, and I'll show you a place where misery is permanent
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Our personal experiences and mental reasoning skills establish the range of our perception of reality. Our physical and mental abilities determine the outer perimeter regarding what we can experience and learn. Our inaugurating dreams are unlimited by physical reality and our genetic composition. There will always be an unbridgeable rift between countless combinations of human dreams and the infinity of reality, unless we accept what we are without wishing to be something else.
Philip Yancey, Soul Survivor: How My Faith Survived the Church|It's tucked away in a quiet corner, shadowed and obscured, no part of the Nightside's usual bright gaudy neon noir. It doesn't advertise and it doesn't care if you habitually pass by on the other side. It's just there for when you need it. Dedicated to the patron saint of lost causes, St. Jude's is an old old place... St. Jude's isn't a place for comfort for frills and fancies and the trappings of religion. just a place where you can talk to your god and sometimes get an answer.
Kathryn Bigelow|Mad, is he? Then I hope he will bite some of my other generals.
Kassandra Cross, Black Magic: New Adult Witchcraft Paranormal Suspence Romance|They say I should stay away from you,” I said. “They said you’re not good for me.” 	“I’m not,” he said with a wicked smile, “But doesn’t that make it even more fun?
Shah Asad Rizvi|If you opened the dictionary and searched for the meaning of a Goddess, you would find the reflection of a dancing lady.
Robin Caroll, Injustice For All|How can you not love reading? It's wonderful. An excursion, an adventure... an escape from reality.' She adored reading and had a hard time grasping anyone not loving it.
Harold Pinter|On my 30th birthday, all the presents I got were boxes of food. That's what I needed.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Affair at Styles|I want you to know that I have nothing against Orlando, though you are, of course, far more likely to get shot or robbed there than in London.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You must never, at any rate, lend yourself to the wrong, in any form, which you condemn.
Helen Hunt Jackson|For above all things Love means sweetness, and truth, and measure; yea, loyalty to the loved one and to your word. And because of this I dare not meddle with so high a matter.
John Green|I want to find someone who's really into something like I'm really into something, so that I can support them and we can both cheer each other on. I've got a lot of dreams I want to achieve, and I hope someone can cheer me on as I'll cheer them on in their dreams.
Thom Yorke|The saxophone is a very interesting machine, but I'm more interested in music.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|You know, all poetry may be a cry of generalised love, for this, or that, or the universe - which must be loved in its particularity, not its generality, but for its universal life in every minute particular. I have always supposed it to be a cry of ;unsatisfied love; - and so it may be indeed - for satisfaction may surfeit it and so it may die. I know many poets who write only when in an exalted state of mind which they compare to ;being in love;,when they do not simply state, that they are in love, that they seek love - for this fresh damsel - or that lively young woman - in order to find a fresh metaphor, or a new bright vision of things in themselves. And to tell you the truth, I have always believed I could diagnose this state of ;being in love; which they regard as ;most particular;, as inspired by item, one pair of black eyes or indifferent blue, ;item;, one graceful attitude of body or mind, ;item;, one female history of some twenty-two years from, shall we say 1821-1844 – I have always believed this ;in love; to be of something of the most abstract masking itself under the particular forms of both lover and beloved. And Poet who assumes and informs both.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality.
Octavio Paz|Trees don't sneak on you."-Brook Where Small Fish Swim
Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, In Praise of Shadows|In the mansion called literature I would have the eaves deep and the walls dark, I would push back into the shadows the things that come forward too clearly, I would strip away the useless decoration. I do not ask that this be done everywhere, but perhaps we may be allowed at least one mansion where we can turn off the electric lights and see what it is like without them.
Desmond Tutu|I can promise you that women working together - linked, informed and educated - can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet.
