Isambard K. Brunel|Trends are dangerous; you will fail if you design for them. You cannot follow the work of others. I have my own DNA, my own formula. I always stay true to myself and to the brand.
Embee, Tess Embers|I tried to blink back the tears that just kept coming. Eventually, I gave up and let my sight be obscured.
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|Don't bring me the stars from the sky,I'm planting sunshine in my backyard.
Niccolò Machiavelli|Without an opportunity, their abilities would have been wasted, and without their abilities, the opportunity would have arisen in vain.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|I found myself praying: "May I love and accept myself just as I am.
Alan Huffman|Truly I never thought of myself as writing legal thrillers, and I still don't think I do. I write stories about women.
Caitlin Moran, How to Build a Girl|Globalization means standardization. The very rich and the very poor must want the same things, but only the rich can have them.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Respect the verbs in your life.Life is a verb. Live is a verb.Live Life. Action verbsbring life to writing.Love is a verb. Be is a verb.Be in LoveBelieve, love, give,receive,tag,Believing in love,giving love, receiving love,love tag(you are it)dance, prance, pounce, smile, try,trying to smile,dancing and prancing,pounce!laugh, do, go, grow, feel, touch,touching, feeling, growing, doing,going, laughing, sing, walk, run, cook, look,see, eat, meet, greet, smell,hear,look and see the cooking,singing and then walking into the kitchen to eat,eating the yummy food.running to see,seeing the food, meeting and greeting others;smelling the cooking,hearing the laughter;seeing the runners;touching the icing. licking the icing. tasting the licking of the spoondiscover, realize, live, respect.discover life, realizing truth,living, respecting everyoneunder the sun,even all the universelove and respect all
Matshona Dhliwayo|When the tables are turned,whoever was full becomes hungry.
Kate Atkinson, Case Histories|Disguised in a handlebar mustache with a ten gallon hat hanging low against his brow, Loki moseyed into Odin's party, despite the fact that he wasn't invited. Being dressed like Juan Valdez in a room full of people dawning Viking braids and pointy horned hats, however, tended to call attention to oneself. Odin's wife, Frigg, noticed Loki the moment that he stepped through the door, “What the Hel are you doing here? You weren't invited.
Lou Holtz|You're never as good as everyone tells you when you win, and you're never as bad as they say when you lose.
Betty Dravis|Cheap editions of great books may be delightful, but cheap editions of great men are absolutely detestable
Condoleezza Rice|Here's the thing: I think the media underestimates the intelligence of the moviegoer. We need to be fulfilled. People want to sit down and think, and I try to make people think.
Moonshine Noire|Our problem right now is that we're so specialized that if the lights go out, there are a huge number of people who are not going to know what to do. But within every dystopia there's a little utopia.
Rosamunde Pilcher, Wild Mountain Thyme|Marriage isn't a love affair. It isn't even a honeymoon. It's a job. A long hard job, at which both partners have to work, harder than they've worked at anything in their lives before. If it's a good marriage, it changes, it evolves, but it does on getting better. I've seen it with my own mother and father. But a bad marriage can dissolve in a welter of resentment and acrimony. I've seen that, too, in my own miserable and disastrous attempt at making another person happy. And it's never one person's fault. It's the sum total of a thousand little irritations, disagreements, idiotic details that in a sound alliance would simply be disregarded, or forgotten in the healing act of making love. Divorce isn't a cure, it's a surgical operation, even if there are no children to consider.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|Just as the earth that bears the man who tills and digs it, to bear those who speak ill of them, is a quality of the highest respect.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|How do I get past my fears? Make a life for myself? Risk loving someone? When death is all that waits for you, what's the point in trying to have a life?
Miles Walser|1.I told you that I was a roadway of potholes, not safe to cross. You said nothing, showed up in my driveway wearing roller-skates.2.The first time I asked you on a date, after you hung up, I held the air between our phones against my ear and whispered, “You will fall in love with me. Then, just months later, you will fall out. I will pretend the entire time that I don’t know it’s coming.”3.Once, I got naked and danced around your bedroom, awkward and safe. You did the same. We held each other without hesitation and flailed lovely. This was vulnerability foreplay.4.The last eight times I told you I loved you, they sounded like apologies.5.You recorded me a CD of you repeating, “You are beautiful.” I listened to it until I no longer thought in my own voice.6.Into the half-empty phone line, I whispered, “We will wake up believing the worst in each other. We will spit shrapnel at each other’s hearts. The bruises will lodge somewhere we don’t know how to look for and I will still pretend I don’t know its coming.”7.You photographed my eyebrow shapes and turned them into flashcards: mood on one side, correct response on the other. You studied them until you knew when to stay silent.8.I bought you an entire bakery so that we could eat nothing but breakfast for a week. Breakfast, untainted by the day ahead, was when we still smiled at each other as if we meant it.9.I whispered, “I will latch on like a deadbolt to a door and tell you it is only because I want to protect you. Really, I’m afraid that without you I mean nothing.”10.I gave you a bouquet of plane tickets so I could practice the feeling of watching you leave.11.I picked you up from the airport limping. In your absence, I’d forgotten how to walk. When I collapsed at your feet, you refused to look at me until I learned to stand up without your help.12.Too scared to move, I stared while you set fire to your apartment – its walls decaying beyond repair, roaches invading the corpse of your bedroom. You tossed all the faulty appliances through the smoke out your window, screaming that you couldn’t handle choking on one more thing that wouldn’t just fix himself.13.I whispered, “We will each weed through the last year and try to spot the moment we began breaking. We will repel sprint away from each other. Your voice will take months to drain out from my ears. You will throw away your notebook of tally marks from each time you wondered if I was worth the work. The invisible bruises will finally surface and I will still pretend that I didn’t know it was coming.”14.The entire time, I was only pretending that I knew it was coming.
Latika Teotia|1.	The troubled times that you go through are not meant to break you, instead they are meant to show you the hidden strength that lies within. It is at times like this when you thought you are broke that you suddenly discover that you have a pile of cash stashed away which you had completely forgotten about. Draw upon those hidden reserves that you never knew existed and come out stronger from the experience. It is your ability to brave the storm that is more important.
Cassandra Clare, The Runaway Queen|She rounded on me with such ferocity that for a moment I didn’t recognize her. A flash of fangs, a dark gleam in her blacker-than-night eyes. It was the most vampiric I’d ever seen her.
Kali Wallace, Shallow Graves|It was too lonely to be heaven, and there wouldn't be stars in hell.
Erma Bombeck|Everyone is guilty at one time or another of throwing out questions that beg to be ignored, but mothers seem to have a market on the supply. "Do you want a spanking or do you want to go to bed?" Don't you want to save some of the pizza for your brother?" Wasn't there any change?
Lindsey Vonn|Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?
Shirin Ebadi, Iran Awakening|Under the Iranian code, the worth of a woman’s life equals half of a man’s, a point that often leads to grotesque legal judgments that effectively punish the victims. In this instance, the judge ruled that the ‘blood money’ for the two men was worth more than the life of the murdered nine-year-old girl, and he demanded that her family come up with thousands of dollars to finance their executions.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, for sure, you are everywhere.
Nora Roberts, Savor the Moment|And since I’m marrying into the Quartet, I have certain privileges and duties. If you’re sleeping with Laurel—”“I’m not sleeping with Laurel. We’re dating.”“Right, and the two of you are just going to hold hands, admire the moon, and sing camp songs.”“For a while. Minus the singing.
Lorraine Heath, She Tempts the Duke|We are not going to decide this with a game of cards," Sebastian grout. "Besides, the decision has been made.""Oh? Tristan arched a brow. "And who is it to be then?""You. You’re the one who allowed her in here and then let her stay."He’d expected his brother to protest. Instead, he simply gave up curt nod. "Right, then. I’d best go ask for her hand while she still in London. Word is that her father sending her away."He taken but two steps before Sebastian and ground out, "Damn you, Tristan. You know it will be me.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Manna will definitely fall from above, but it’s gonna fall for those who cultivated “manner farms” on the clouds.
David O. McKay, Gospel Ideals|But there is a beauty every girl has—agift from God, as pure as the sunlight,and as sacred as life. It is a beauty that all men love, a virtue that wins all men's souls. That beauty is chastity. Chastity without skin beauty may enkindle the soul; skin beauty without chastity can kindle only the eye. Chastity enshrined in the mold of true womanhood will hold true loveeternally.
Don Norman, The Design of Everyday Things|Don't follow blindly; focus on strengths, not weaknesses
Olivia Wilde|In the pre-production process, I am emailing with the actors or jumping on the phone, and we're sort of figuring out who the characters are and trying to build the relationship dynamic and things like that. Then, also, I am outlining.
Jimmy Gownley, Amelia Rules! Volume 6: True Things Adults Don't Want Kids to Know|...which, of course, is how I developed my love for both Kabuki theater and marshmallow Peeps.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Your actions today, define tomorrow.
Kevin Hooyman, Conditions on the Ground|Be sure not to turn your life into a series of tasks which must always be performed... I know it can seem appealing to live in a state of accomplishing things, always succeeding, always getting things done. But consider this. A whole life lost. A sacrifice to your fragile sense of order.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|People simplify 'Apollonian' into 'mild', and 'calm', and 'cool'. But 'Apollonian' and 'Dionysian' are two sides of one coin--a nun kneeling in her cell, holding perfectly still, can be in ecstacy more frenzied than any priestess of Pan Priapus celebrating the vernal equinox.
Walter Scott, The Lay of the Last Minstrel 1805|I haven't come to you only to take , I haven't come to you empty handed : I bring you poetry as great as yours but in anther tongue , I bring you black eyes and golden skin and curly hair , I bring you Islam and Luxor and Alexandria and Lutes and tambourines and date-palms and silk rugs and sunshine and incense and voluptuous ways
Joel Osteen|Your job is not to judge. Your job is not to figure out if someone deserves something. Your job is to lift the fallen, to restore the broken, and to heal the hurting.
Dan Fagin, Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation|As soon as you say, 'I'm going to use the legal system to impose my will on you,' you're buying into a lie,' schlichtmann said. 'You'll get chaos, and the system will dissapoint you. You'll get decision-making that only makes sense in Bedlam. We think the legal system is there for us, but it's not. It's there only for itself.
Lauren DeStefano, Perfect Ruin|He should be the one to die, part of me thinks.I don't want to lose him, another part argues.I don't know which part to believe.
Mother Teresa|Love; just a four letter word that is easy to spell yet impossible to define. I may need her to prove I'm worthy of fighting for, but for her, I'm all set to go to war.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|She tossed a handful of snow at his face, then shrieked as the wind whipped it back into her own.Red hooted. "Karma's a boomerang, sweetheart. Don't forget it.
Jean Hanff Korelitz, You Should Have Known|Maybe next time, don't bite the girl you fancy.
Michal Coret, Becoming What I Might Be|It's difficult to become someone you don't know at all. It's difficult, indeed, to become yourself.
Frank Gehry|In my own home, where I've been able to create an environment that works for me, I'm hardly disabled at all. I still have an impairment, and there are obviously some very restrictive things about that, but the impact of disability is less.
Aimee Carter, The Goddess Test|She turned suddenly, and before I could react, framed my face with her hands and pressed her lips to mine.I froze, mostly in shock, but after a moment my body uncoiled and I closed my eyes, relaxing into her. I remembered this; the feel of her lips on mine,cool and soft, the touch of her fingers on my skin. I remembered her scent, those long nights when we would lie under the cold, frozen stars,dreaming in each other’s arms.For a second, my body reacted instinctively. I started to pull us closer, to wrap my arms around her and return the kiss with equal passion…but, thenI stopped.I remembered this perfectly; every shining moment with Ariella was forever etched into my mind. What we’d had, what we’d shared, everything. I’dbuilt a shrine to her in my memories, carefully tended with grief and anger and regret. I knew every inch of our relationship, the passion, the feelingof emptiness when we weren’t together, the longing and, yes, the love. I had been in love with Ariella. I remembered what she’d meant to me once,what I’d felt for her then……and what I didn’t feel for her now.
A. E. Hotchner|I will know how to hold you just by the look in your eye, I will never forget - not even on the day that I die. This is a promise of my passion for you, smile at me and make it true.
Jim Morrison|Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
Cecelia Ahern, If You Could See Me Now|Wish it, believe it, and it will be so.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|जयति महाकाली जयति, आद्य काली माताजय कराला वदने जयति, जगाता मातु विख्याताVictory to you, O Mahakali! - To you Victory,The primordial source of all beings - Victory!The formidable-looking goddess - To you Victory,Renowned as the mother of the world - Victory!
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|When you think about it, the Big Bang's a big like school, isn't 
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Are you ashamed of what I've done?" she dared to ask. His brow creased. "Why would you ever think that?"She couldn't quite look him in the eye as she ran a finger down the blanket. "Are you?"Aedion was silent long enough that she lifted her head - but found him gazing toward the door, as though he could see through it, across the city, to the captain. When he turned to her, his handsome face was open - soft in a way she doubted many ever saw. "Never," he said. "I could never be ashamed of you.
Miklos Haraszti|We have spoken out against inhuman slaughters perpetrated by the Nazis and the Communists. But will we speak out also against the inhuman slaughter in Indonesia, where over 100,000 alleged Communists have been not perpetrators, but victims?
William Kent Krueger, Iron Lake|What life gives us, good or bad, we seldom deserve.
Lex Martin, Dearest Clementine|The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
William Shakespeare|Let’s call my mood melancholy; let’s call it remembrance. Or maybe let’s call it longing. Yes, let’s call it longing instead.
Yaqub khan|You say you've a life, but i see it as movie being directed by someone else, being edited often here and there. life is when you've the remote control of it, and its been controled by the person you love.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God’s standard is expressed in the Bible, and the ultimate example of that standard is Jesus Christ. When we live by the truth, we possess integrity.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|Material things have closed boundaries; they are not accessible, cannot be penetrated, by things outside themselves. But one's existence as a spiritual being involves being and remaining oneself and at the same time admitting and transforming into oneself the reality of the world. No other material thing can be present in the space occupied by a house, a tree, or a fountain pen. But where there is mind, the totality of things has room; it is "possible that in a single being the comprehensiveness of the whole universe may dwell.
Subrahmanijan Chandrasekhar| Maybe it would feel nice. Maybe it wouldn't feel like a betrayal. Besides, who was I betraying, anyway? Just myself.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Swiftly Tilting Planet|I love the ocean because water from all sources mingle here,I love the ocean because it always returns all our valuables back,I love the ocean because it is the proof for abundance love & attachment.
Jennifer Gardner Trulson, Where You Left Me|We may be helpless to stop bad things from happening, but perhaps God leaves us signs and road maps to help us recover and reconnect, provided we know where to look.
Erin Gruwell|One person may need (or want) more leisure, another more work; one more adventure, another more security, and so on. It is this diversity that makes a country, indeed a state, a city, a church, or a family, healthy. 'One-size-fits-all,' and that size determined by the State has a name, and that name is 'slavery.'
Graham Greene, The Heart of the Matter|One forgets the dead quite quickly; one doesn't wonder about the dead-what is he doing now, who is he with?
Jerry Spinelli|And so I'm me again, Leo. Thanks to the example of a five-year-old. I'm hoping you wouldn't want it any other way. Not that you weren't flattered, right? I mean, to have a girl two thousand miles away going to pieces over you, weeping at the mere memory of you, losing her appetite, losing herself and self-respect - well, that's trophy enough for any guy's ego, huh?
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|All things are possible; if something seems like it’s not, it’s only because enough people aren't being deceived into the possibilities yet.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If I am asked, What do you propose to substitute for universal suffrage? Practically, What have you to recommend? I answer at once, Nothing. The whole current of thought and feeling, the whole stream of human affairs, is setting with irresistible force in that direction. The old ways of living, many of which were just as bad in their time as any of our devices can be in ours, are breaking down all over Europe, and are floating this way and that like haycocks in a flood. Nor do I see why any wise man should expend much thought or trouble on trying to save their wrecks. The waters are out and no human force can turn them back, but I do not see why as we go with the stream we need sing Hallelujah to the river god.
Ivan Turgenev, Fathers and Sons|Dead ButterflyBy Ellen BassFor months my daughter carried a dead monarch in a quart mason jar. To and from school in her backpack, to her only friend’s house. At the dinner table it sat like a guest alongside the pot roast. She took it to bed, propped by her pillow. Was it the year her brother was born? Was this her own too-fragile baby that had lived—so briefly—in its glassed world? Or the year she refused to go to her father’s house? Was this the holding-her-breath girl she became there? This plump child in her rolled-down socks I sometimes wanted to haul back inside me and carry safe again. What was her fierce commitment? I never understood. We just lived with the dead winged thing as part of her, as part of us, weightless in its heavy jar.
Henry Scott Holland|Death is nothing at all,I have only slipped into the next roomI am I and you are youWhatever we were to each other, that we are still.Call me by my old familiar name,Speak to me in the easy way which you always usedPut no difference in your tone,Wear no forced air of solemnity or sorrowLaugh as we always laughed at the little jokes we enjoyed together.Play, smile, think of me, pray for me.Let my name be ever the household world that it always was,Let it be spoken without effect, without the trace of shadow on it.Life means all that it ever meant.It it the same as it ever was, there is unbroken continuity.Why should I be out of mind because I am out of sight?I am waiting for you, for an interval, somewhere very near,Just around the corner.All is well. 
Martin Luther King Jr.|I heartily accept the motto, "That government is best which governs least"; and I should like to see it acted up to more rapidly and systematically. Carried out, it finally amounts to this, which also I believe — "That government is best which governs not at all"; and when men are prepared for it, that will be the kind of government which they will have. Government is at best but an expedient; but most governments are usually, and all governments are sometimes, inexpedient.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|I've always believed phone calls from kids must be allowed if mothers are to feel welcome in the workplace, as anyone who has worked in my chambers can attest.
Alex Haley, Roots: The Saga of an American Family|The sadness began later, in waves as crushing as the contractions had been,
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|We always find something, eh Didi, to let us think we exist?
Moliere|I have sometimes been wildly, despairingly, acutely miserable, racked with sorrow, but through it all I still know quite certainly that just to be alive is a grand thing.
Mark Twain, Roughing It|If you know someone that has given up hope, try giving that person some of your peace, joy, and faith!
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|The strange thing about life is that though the nature of it must have been apparent to every one for hundreds of years, no one has left any adequate account of it. The streets of London have their map; but our passions are uncharted. What are you going to meet if you turn this corner?
P. H. Solomon|When his dead father touched his hand, Athson almost dropped the arrow.
Josh Turner|I've been successful in different areas, but nothing brings a smile to my face more than my oldest son, Zaire, and my second son, Zion, saying the kind word of 'Dad.'
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|And no one, no one should know what passes between husband and wife if they love one another. And whatever quarrels there may be between them they ought not to call in their own mother to judge between them and tell tales of one another. They are their own judges. Love is a holy mystery and ought to be hidden from all other eyes, whatever happens.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Prayer is like lying awake at night, afraid, with your head under the cover, hearing only the beating of your own heart. It is like a bird that has blundered down the flue and is caught indoors and flutters at the windowpanes. It is like standing a long time on a cold day, knocking at a shut door.
Dolores Wilson, Dixie Cowboy|From the Diary of the Duchess of RoxburgheI vow, I cannot seem to walk past a window without seeing my great-nephew carrying Miss Balfour somewhere. All great romantic poems have such scenes where the hero, in a fit of passion, sweeps the heroine off her feet. Sadly, it appears that Sin’s technique is questionable.I’m surprised that, with all of his supposed experience with the gentler sex, he doesn’t realize that women do not like to be carried in a way that musses their hair and leaves them with unattractively red faces. Sadly, yet another conversation I shall have to have with that boy.
Jules Renard|I've written for the last 15 years on TV shows, but now I'm doing the new Charlie Sheen program, 'Anger Management.'
Asghar Farhadi|I'm a big believer in pairing classics with contemporary literature, so students have the opportunity to see that literature is not a cold, dead thing that happened once but instead a vibrant mode of storytelling that's been with us a long time - and will be with us, I hope, for a long time to come.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|Oliver, we’ve got something to tell you,” Dad says, dumping a cardboard box full of garden waste into a toad green mangler. Unlike the doctor, when Dad says we, he means we because Mum is omnipotent. “Who’s dead?” I ask, shot-putting a bottle of Richebourg. “No one’s dead.” “You’re getting a divorce?” “Oliver.” “Mum’s preggers?” “No, we—” “I’m adopted.” “Oliver! Please, shit up!
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity, A 50-Day Devotional|You see, God didn't create us to merely survive. He created us to thrive! We were made for abundant life.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Good-nature, or what is often considered as such, is the most selfish of all the virtues: it is nine times out of ten mere indolence of disposition.
William James, The Correspondence of William James: 1885-1889|Why may we not be in the universe, as our dogs and cats are in our drawingrooms and libraries?
Steven Wright|My hope is that this life is not all there is. This life is like preparation for what is coming next, and what is coming next is something so glorious that the Bible says minds can't conceive it, eye has never seen, your imagination could never even enter into all that God is preparing for those who love him.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|As children inch their way into adolescence, the parent changes. He is an authority, a source of answers, and a chastising voice. Depending on the day, he may be resented, emulated, questioned, or defied.Only as an adult can a child imagine his parent as a whole person, as a husband, a brother, or a son. Only then can a child see how his parent fits into the world beyond four walls. Saleem had only bits and pieces of his father, mostly the memories of a young boy. He would spend the rest of his life, he knew, trying to reconstruct his father with the scraps he could recall or gather from his mother.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Man may fall and fail, but God is always right. Man may die and perish, but God is always alive.
Albert Camus, The Plague|Authors pretend their stories were always shiny and perfect and just waiting to be written. The truth is, writing is this: hard and boring and occasionally great but usually not. Even I have lied about writing. I have told people that writing this book has been like brushing away dirt from a fossil. What a load of shit. It has been like hacking away at a freezer with a screwdriver.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|He who climbs upon the highest mountains laughs at all tragedies, real or imaginary.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|Heard a rumor you can’t cook,” he said.She didn’t look away from her reading. “You know rumors.They’re always true.”She had him there. According to some of the tabloids, he had fourteen love children, two with aliens and one with the sister of Bigfoot.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Well, this is the hardest part to believe; look, you can suspend me if you want to, but it's the God's honest truth. This man Tompkins came all the way down to where I was bending over the body at the foot of the stairs. I straightened up and covered him with my gun. It didn't faze him in the least, he kept moving right on past me toward the street-door. Not quickly, either; as slowly as if he was just going out for a walk. He said, 'It isn't my time yet. You can't do anything to me with that.' ("Speak To Me Of Death")
Richard Kadrey|As each wave of technology is released. It must be accompanied by a demand for new skills, new language. Consumers must constantly update their ways of thinking, always questioning their understanding of the world. Going back to old ways, old technology is forbidden. There in no past, no present, only an endless future of inadequacy
Suzy Davies|Writing "Snugs the Snow Bear" was an exhilerating walk on a beach - I stopped now and then to study the rock pools, put my hand to my forehead, to gaze over the vast ocean, and the tide danced; played music at my feet, turned over precious shells and stones, returned them to me, polished. I picked one, held it to my ear. The tide rushed in, ran over my naked feet, and I was home.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Arthur felt happy. He was terribly pleased that the day was for once working out so much according to plan. Only twenty minutes ago he had decided he would go mad, and now here he was already chasing a Chesterfield sofa across the fields of prehistoric Earth.
Nancy Levin, Worthy: Boost Your Self-Worth to Grow Your Net Worth|Whether we make our own money or rely on someone else, many of us would rater pretend our financial matters don't exist. Or we hope they'll just take care of themselves somehow. My ex-husband was like that. He always said, "I bank by prayer. I go to the ATM and pray that money will come out.
Ellie Kemper|There is no way in the world anyone else could do my wedding other than myself, along with whomever I select to do various things.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Humility is not weak, powerless, faint, a pushover, a punching bag or an abuse magnet, because above all — humility cares.
Aurora Rose Reynolds, Until November|I'll get it if you need it,I'll search if you don't see it,You're thirsty, I'll be rain,You get hurt, I'll take your pain.I know you don't believe it,But I said it and I still mean it,When you heard what I told you,When you get worried I'll be your soldier.
Alexandra Adornetto|I get ideas from my own personal experiences, from my imagination, and from my research and from old stories.
Karen Armstrong, A Short History of Myth|We need myths that will help us to identify with all our fellow-beings, not simply with those who belong to our ethnic, national or ideological tribe. We need myths that help us to realize the importance of compassion, which is not always regarded as sufficiently productive or efficient in our pragmatic, rational world. We need myths that help us to create a spiritual attitude, to see beyond our immediate requirements, and enable us to experience a transcendent value that challenges our solipsistic selfishness. We need myths that help us to venerate the earth as sacred once again, instead of merely using it as a 'resource.' This is crucial, because unless there is some kind of spiritual revolution that is able to keep abreast of our technological genius, we will not save our planet.
Scot McKnight|Why do so many today want to wander off to South Africa or Kenya or India or Russia or Honduras or Costa Rica or Peru to help with justice issues but not spend the same effort in their own neighborhood or community or state? Why do young suburbanites, say in Chicago, want to go to Kentucky or Tennessee to help people but not want to spend that same time to go to the inner city in their own area to help with justice issues? I asked this question to a mature student in my office one day, and he thought he had a partial explanation: 'Because my generation is searching for experiences, and the more exotic and extreme the better. Going down the street to help at a food shelter is good and it is just and some of us are doing that, but it's not an experience. We want experiences.
Aleatha Romig, Truth|Mr. Rawlings is a man of his word. The problem was, he made two different promises and he felt honored to keep them both. He hoped that by fulfilling one, in a different than expected way, he may have the chance to rectify the other.
Anna Kavan, Julia and the Bazooka and Other Stories|The last time she had seen him in the flesh, all the vital force of his life stripped away, his sharpened face had confronted her with such a fearful fixed finality of sightless indifference that she had been frozen in mortal terror, engulfed by abysmal despair. After all the years of unfailing support, his huge, inhuman, deaf, blind inaccessibility was horrifying. He had not kept his promise. He had abandoned her, left her to suffer alone.
David Cronenberg, Cronenberg on Cronenberg|McAllister looked up into her face, his eyes blazing with anger. At last, his composure cracked.‘That’s right,’ he shouted back. ‘My word against – whose? Yours? You were dead, remember? No, of course you don’t remember. You were dead!
Dennis Prager|To receive children’s love and to come home to a child who runs to you with a hug, among the most powerful emotional experiences available.
Brandon Sanderson, Elantris|We generally accept that it's natural for carnivorous wild animals to kill other animals in order to live. But people don't often think (or even know) about the extraordinary and unnatural suffering that humans inflict on the animals that we freely harvest for food, with the help of modern high technology and the animal food sciences.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Chronic pain shatters productive lives. Chronic pain almost always is accompanied by depression, anxiety, frustration, fatigue, isolation, and lowered self-esteem.
Megory Anderson, Sacred Dying: Creating Rituals for Embracing the End of Life|The process of dying is a difficult one, with many fears and anxieties, but it is also a very mysterious and wondrous process. It involves both the body and the soul in the greatest transition we are ever called to make. When I sit vigil with those who are at the edge of death, moments away from crossing over, I am constantly in awe of the process happening in front of me, one that each one of us must eventually go through.
Theodore Parker|The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|Solzhenitsyn described this: It would be hard to identify the exact source of that inner intuition, not founded on rational argument, which prompted our refusal to enter the NKVD schools… People can shout at you from all sides: ‘You must!’ And your own head can be saying also: ‘You must!’ But inside your breast there is a sense of revulsion, repudiation. I don’t want to. It makes me feel sick. Do what you want without me; I want no part of it.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Lose|Em didn't truly understand about my panic attacks - no one did. But she'd never pushed me to explain, never tried to ditch me when things got weird, and never once looked at me like I was a freak.
C.S. Lewis, God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics|It is part of the nature of a strong erotic passion—as distinct from a transient fit of appetite—that makes more towering promises than any other emotion. No doubt all our desires makes promises, but not so impressively. To be in love involves the almost irresistible conviction that one will go on being in love until one dies, and that possession of the beloved will confer, not merely frequent ecstasies, but settled, fruitful, deep-rooted, lifelong happiness. Hence all seems to be at stake. If we miss this chance we shall have lived in vain. At the very thought of such a doom we sink into fathomless depths of self-pity.Unfortunately these promises are found often to be quite untrue. Every experienced adult knows this to be so as regards all erotic passions (except the one he himself is feeling at the moment). We discount the world-without-end pretensions of our friends’ amours easily enough. We know that such things sometimes last—and sometimes don’t. And when they do last, this is not because they promised at the outset to do so. When two people achieve lasting happiness, this is not solely because they are great lovers but because they are also—I must put it crudely—good people; controlled, loyal, fair-minded, mutually adaptable people.If we establish a “right to (sexual) happiness” which supersedes all the ordinary rules of behavior, we do so not because of what our passion shows itself to be in experience but because of what it professes to be while we are in the grip of it.
Heenashree Khandelwal|Like a white knight in a station wagon, he drove out of her life.
A.C. Gaughen, Lion Heart|While the big events of our lives create the impetus for change, it is the moment-by- moment choices that mold and shape us.
Pedro Antonio de Alarcón, Ghostly By Gaslight|The two friends went on and on toward the sierra, at times keeping the highway, at times. deviating from it.Whenever they passed through a town or a hamlet, the slow peal of bells tolling the death-knell announced to our hero that the Angel of Death was not losing his time; that his arm reached to every part of the world, and that, though Gil felt it now weighing upon his breast like a mountain of ice, none the less did it scatter ruin and desolation over the entire surface of the earth.As they went, the Angel of Death related many strange and wonderful things to his protege.The foe of history, he took pleasure in scoffing at its pretended utility, in disproof of which he narrated many facts as they had actually occurred, and not as they are recorded on monuments and in chronicles.The abysses of the past opened before the entranced imagination of Gil Gil, revealing to him facts of transcendent importance concerning the fate of man and of empires, disclosing to him the great mystery of the origin of life and the no less great and terrible mystery of the end to which we, wrongly called mortals, are progressing, and causing him, finally, to comprehend, by the light of this sublime philosophy, the laws which preside at the evolution of cosmic matter, and its various manifestations in those ephemeral and transitory forms which are called minerals, plants,animals, stars, constellations, nebula, and worlds. ("The Friend Of The Death")
Sophocles|May the dead forgive me, I can do no otherBut as I am commanded; to do more is madness." - Ismene, Antigone (The Theban Plays) by Sophocles
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|There's no point in being an unhappy success, and there's not much sense in being a happy failure either.
K. Farrell St. Germain, Then'diel's SONG: An Elven Grove Dark Fantasy|On evenings, I spent the entire study period reading....From that time on, the world began to broaden around me, beyond any tangible limits. The world, as portrayed in those works destined for young people, was divided in two: an ordinary, everyday world, brutal and unresponding to desires, and a spacious, logical world, about all kind, interesting and desirable. Wasn't the very act of reading a pleasure more substantial than that of playing or eating, for instance, even when one was starved?
Darynda Jones|When will someone write from the point of view of a joke, that is to say theway God sees events from above?
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|And Marianne, who had the knack of finding her way in every house to the library, however it might be avoided by the family in general, soon procured herself a book.
S. Jay Olshansky|When I was a kid, nobody in my family had a car. And I didn't have many toys. The only toys I had were the ones I would steal.
Ann Romney|Some are kissing mothers and some are scolding mothers, but it is love just the same, and most mothers kiss and scold together.
Erich Fromm, On Disobedience: Why Freedom Means Saying No to Power|This was 1990 the year that communism died in Europe and it seemed strange to me that in all the words that were written about the fall of the iron curtain, nobody anywhere lamented that it was the end of a noble experiment. I know that communism never worked and I would have disliked living under it myself but none the less it seems that there was a kind of sadness in the thought that the only economic system that appeared to work was one based on self interest and greed.
Hélène Cixous|Wouldn't the worst be, isn't the worst, in truth, that women aren't castrated, that they have only to stop listening to the Sirens (for the Sirens were men) for history to change its meaning? You only have to look at the Medusa straight on to see her. And she's not deadly. She's beautiful and she's laughing.
W. Bruce Cameron|My whole thing is just to put out positive messages in the music, give people something that can change their lives.
Rosemary Hawley Jarman|Our first youth is of no value; for we are never conscious of it, until after it is gone. But sometimes--always, I suspect, unless one is exceedingly unfortunate--there comes a sense of second youth, gushing out of the heart's joy at being in love; or possibly, it may come to crown some other grand festival in life, if any other such there be. This bemoaning of one's self. . . over the first, careless, shallow gayety of youth departed, and this profound happiness at youth regained,--so much deeper and richer than that we lost,--are essential to the soul's development. In some cases, the two states come almost simultaneously, and mingle the sadness and the rapture in one mysterious emotion.
Donna Lynn Hope|There were many, many debts to be paid before she left Rifthold and took back her throne. Starting now. Fortunate that she was in a killing sort of mood.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Every authentic artist is engaged in this creating of the conscience of the race, even though he or she may be unaware of the fact. The artist is not a moralist by conscious intention, but is concerned only with hearing and expressing the vision within his or her own being. But out of the symbols the artist sees and creates—as Giotto created the forms for the Renaissance—there is later hewn the ethical structure of the society.
Beverly Cleary, Beezus and Ramona|Tiddlywinks, tiddlywinks, I want to play tiddlywinks," chanted Ramona, shaking her head back and forth.
John Sentamu|My message to you all is of hope, courage and confidence. Let us mobilize all our resources in a systematic and organized way and tackle the grave issues that confront us with grim determination and discipline worthy of a great nation.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|The life and passion of a person leave an imprint on the ether of a place. Love does not remain within the heart, it flows out to build secret tabernacles in a landscape.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|She knew that was not an honest prayer, and she did not linger over it. The right prayer would have been, Lord . . . I am miserable and bitter at heart, and old fears are rising up in me so that everything I do makes everything worse.
Tsugumi Ohba, Death Note, Vol. 5: Whiteout|GPs are almost the only doctors these days who understand all problems, can see the whole person…spend time with the dying…see things through to the end.
Hunter S. Thompson|Well, I'm not a big sports fan.
Monica Bellucci|We make no greater voluntary choice in this life than the selection of a marriage partner. This decision can bring eternal happiness and joy. To find sublime fulfillment in marriage, both partners need to be fully committed to the marriage.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|We have two bits of evidence about the Somebody [behind the Moral Law]. One is the universe He has made. If we used that as our only clue, then I think we should have to conclude that He was a great artist (for the universe is a very beautiful place), but also that He is quite merciless and no friend to man (for the universe is a very dangerous and terrifying place). The other bit of evidence is that Moral Law which He has put into our minds. And this is a better bit of evidence than the other, because it is inside information. You find out more about God from the Moral Law than from the universe in general just as you find out more about a man by listening to his conversation than by looking at a house he has built.
Abhijit Naskar|One who knows the Self, knows God.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|A good mother loves fiercely but ultimately brings up her children to thrive without her. They must be the most important thing in her life, but if she is the most important thing in theirs, she has failed.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|It is not at all surprising that the disciples imagined that the law had been abrogated, when Jesus made promises like this. For these promises reversed all popular notions of right and wrong, and pronounced a blessing on all that was accounted worthless.
Melodie Ramone|Over time, I have realized that at 20, you can wear too much makeup and people assume you're a slut. Do it at 40 and they think you're a sea witch.
Deyth Banger|We have no heart at seventeen. We think we do; we think we have been cursed with a holy, bloated thing that twitches at the name we adore, but it is not a heart because though it will forfeit anything in the world-the mind, the body, the future, even the last lonely hour it has-it will not sacrifice itself.
Abhijit V. Banerjee|If the teachers and the parents do not believe that the child can cross the hump and get into the steep part of the S—curve, they may as well not try: The teacher ignores the children who have fallen behind and the parent stops taking interest in their education. But this behavior creates a poverty trap even where none exists in the first place.
Mohith Agadi|Don't underestimate anyone, not even yourself.
Ezra Taft Benson|If outrage were a sign of godliness, then the devil would be the godliest soul in Creation.
Katherine Applegate|It was a boyish thing to do and it caught the hesitating girl in the depths of her heart, as the boy element in a man ever appeals to a motherly woman.
Manny Pacquiao|Though politics is by nature divisive, surely we all can agree that foster children need stability, safety, education, opportunity - and love.
Harvey Mackay|In the Seventies, we still had dreams and hopes of Utopia, but by the end of the decade, the world had shifted to the right.
Kiki Archer, But She Is My Student|Kat stood immobile and watched with pain, a kiss of passion, a kiss of desire; a kiss that could never be hers.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Now I am their sword. And I do not forgive. I do not forget. So let him lead me onto his shuttle. Let him think he owns me. Let him welcome into his house, so I might burn it down. But then his daughter takes my hand, and I feel all the lies fall heavy on my shoulders. They say a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand. They made no mention of the heart.
Henry James, The Jolly Corner and Other Tales|There you go. That ego of yours getting in the way," I teased."Of what?""The perfect package."He snorted. "Let me tell you, I have the perfect--""Don't be gross.
Dionne Brand, What We All Long For|Angie was a border crosser, a wetback, a worker in the immigrant sweatshop they call this city. On days like this I understand her like a woman instead of a child. Everybody thought she was a whore. She wasn’t. She tried to step across the border of who she was and who she might be. They wouldn’t let her. She didn’t believe it herself so she stepped across into a whole other country.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|What's wrong with people?" she says, almost too quiet for me to hear. "Were they born with parts missing or did it fall out somewhere along the way?
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|They were talking more distantly than if they were strangers who had just met, for if they had been he would have been interested in her just because of that, and curious, but their common past was a wall of indifference between them. Kitty knew too well that she had done nothing to beget her father's affection, he had never counted in the house and had been taken for granted, the bread-winner who was a little despised because he could provide no more luxuriously for his family; but she had taken for granted that he loved her just because he was her father, and it was a shock to discover that his heart was empty of feeling for her. She had known that they were all bored by him, but it had never occurred to her that he was equally bored by them. He was as ever kind and subdued, but the sad perspicacity which she had learnt in suffering suggested to her that, though he probably never acknowledged it to himself and never would, in his heart he disliked her.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|I would soar like a bird, solitary, unmated, but untrammeled.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I love when the sun plays hide-n-seek for a few days because its invisibility often goes unnoticed. The world seems content that its presence behind the clouds is enough. But as soon as that brilliant sun jumps into the open sky once again―shining in full splendor―our closed eyes automatically turn toward it, and we bask beneath a warm and tender touch, grateful all the more that our glorious sun exists.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|It wasn't like there was some obvious change. Actually, the problem was more a lack of change. Nothing about her had changed - the way she spoke, her clothes, the topics she chose to talk about, her opinions - they were all the same as before. Their relationship was like a pendulum gradually grinding to a halt, and he felt out of synch.
Michel Houellebecq, The Elementary Particles|Man was, and is, too shallow and cowardly to endure the fact of the mortality of everything living. He wraps it up in rose-coloured progress-optimism, he heaps upon it the flowers of literature, he crawls behind the shelter of ideals so as not to see anything. But impermanence, the birth and the passing, is the form of all that is actual -- from the stars, whose destiny is for us incalculable, right down to the ephemeral concourses on our planet. The life of the individual -- whether this be animal or plant or man -- is as perishable as that of peoples of Cultures. Every creation is foredoomed to decay, every thought, every discovery, every deed to oblivion. Here, there, and everywhere we are sensible of grandly fated courses of history that have vanished. Ruins of the "have-been" works of dead Cultures lie all about us. The hybris of Prometheus, who thrust his hand into the heavens in order to make the divine powers subject to man, carries with it his fall. What, then, becomes of the chatter about "undying achievements"?
Johnny Ramone|I have moments of darkness, of anger, and moments of rage. They do creep up at the most inopportune times. Not to recognize that in my music would give people a sense of sainthood that I don't necessarily have or even want to have.
Joanne Madeline Moore, Love and Sex Signs: Venus, Mars and Astrology|Learn to love yourself for who you are, not just what you do - there is a big difference.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Knowledge is never enough. Even action, if it's just following a prescribed way, will never fully express your potential.
C. JoyBell C.|There are people who want to change the world, make it a better place... but what they don’t know, is that to make a difference in the life of one person and to make a single person’s life a better thing to live, is just as valuable as changing the whole world. And most of the time, that’s the only thing that we should be doing. You can gain the whole world but lose your own soul in the process, and in that case, the whole world just isn’t worth it.
Tom Colicchio|The best customer service is if the customer doesn't need to call you, doesn't need to talk to you. It just works.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Real Women are not Weak but are Wonderers, they Propel Men to Greatness
John Bruna|Every thought, word, and action plants seeds in the garden of your life. Are you planting seeds of love, compassion, peace, or those of anger, resentment and dissatisfaction? Choose wisely and tend your garden well.
Deborah Blake, Dangerously Charming|They sat in silence for a moment. Then Jenna said," The son of a god, huh? That explains a lot."	He raised an eyebrow. "Oh?"	Jenna smirked at him, a mischievous look in her sparkling blue eyes. "You know, the whole super strong, ridiculously gorgeous thing. But obviously you've been told that a lot over the years. I don't expect it means much anymore."	A voice far in the back of head said something faint about bad ideas, but he hit it with a large mental stick until it sputtered and shut up.	"It depends on who says it," he answered, and bent his head down and kissed her.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Spirit calls, I must do the Masters will.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|So much to do but so many incompetent workers," I said, playing to his take-no-shit-get-in-and-fucking-do-it attitude.
Douglas Preston, The Codex|Under the pathologist's microscope, life and death fight in an illuminated circle in a sort of cellular bullfight. The pathologist's job is to find the bull among the matador cells
Adolf Hitler, Mein Kampf|In addition, I had the greatest interest in anything connected with politics, but this did not seem to me very significant. On the contrary: in my eyes, this was the self-evident duty of every thinking man, Anyone who failed to understand this lost the right to any criticism or complaint
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|...I long to be known as an extravagant worshiper...that God would discover the song in my heart to be elaborate, overgenerous, and wasteful in my pursuit of Him.
Michael  Grant, Fear|No, no, no, so not getting the point of fear. Because fear wasn't about what made sense. Fear was about possibilities. Not things that happened. Things that might.
Anzia Yezierska|Necessity is the mother of "taking chances."
Sally Green, Half Lost|You don't wear jewelry, do you? Besides your wedding ring, I mean?''Now often. If is not that I disapprove. I simply don't take the time to bother with it. I've been given a few trinkets over the years, but rarely wear them.' Thora looked down at her hand, the plain thin wedding band, the unadorned wrist, and a memory struck her. She said, 'Frank gave me a gift once - a find gold bracelet with a blue enamel heart dangling from it. He said it was to remind me that I was more than his helpmeet and housekeeper, but also an attractive woman. I was sure I'd break the delicate chain, and the heart clacked against the desk whenever I wrote in the ledger. So I put it back in its box, and there it has remained ever since.'Nan said gently, 'We've all been given gifts, Thors, and ought not to hide them away. They remind us that we are blessed and loved. They give pleasure to those who see them - especially to the one who bestowed the gift in the first place.
Oswald Chambers|your god may be your little Christian habit - the habit of prayer or Bible reading at certain times of your day. Watch how your Father will upset your schedule if you begin to worship your habit instead of what the habit symbolizes. We say, 'I can't do that right now; this is my time alone with God.' No, this is your time alone with your habit.
Stacey O'Neale, Mortal Enchantment|I gotta say, I was really feeling the robe, but there's something about a girl in cartoon pajamas that does it for me.
C.S. Pacat, Kings Rising|7500 film, 273 passengers, but unfortunately not alone...
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Your initiatives should be purposeful. Never climb a tree with the purpose of plucking a fruit, only to come down with a leaf.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The blame game is already a lost game, so don't attempt dressing up to play it! Blames create no change; winners don't apportion blames!
Ali Rezavand Zayeri|Sometimes life was like smoking in silence , without thinking where and when you are !
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|With a damp palm, I turned the knob and cracked open the door. She was asleep in her freshly made bed. I can’t explain how relieved I felt for this simple mercy. She was here and safe on clean sheets.
Ross Lovegrove|Once we agree on the future, the present will be much easier. A captain who does not know where he wants to sail, there is no wind on Earth that will bring him there. We have first to decide where we want to go, where we want to sail.
Erin Bowman, Vengeance Road|Hell, I'll be safest pretending I'm a boy the rest of my life. The frontier ain't for the faint of heart, and it certainly ain't kind to women. Sometimes I think the whole world's 'gainst us.
Book of Eli Movie|A book won't move your eyes for you like TV or a movie does. A book won't move your mind unless you give it your mind, or your heart unless you put your heart in it. It won't do the work for you. To read a good novel well is to follow it, to act it, to feel it, to become it—everything short of writing it, in fact. Reading is a collaboration, an act of participation. No wonder not everybody is up to it.
Benjamin Wood, The Bellwether Revivals|Oscar was raised to believe that if he stayed in his room reading about made up worlds it meant he didn't appreciate the life he had, the possessions his parents had worked hard for, like the TV and the video and the newly turfed back garden.
Black Hawk, Black Hawk: AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY|When a language dies, a possible world dies with it.
Alicia Britt Chole, Anonymous: Jesus' Hidden Years ... and Yours|In seasons of hiddenness our sense of value is disrupted, stripped of what "others" affirmed us to be. In this season God intends to give us an unshakable identity in Him, that no amount of adoration nor rejection can alter.
Magda Alexander, Storm Ravaged|I look at you,” he murmured, “and I remember every position, every way I made you come, how you felt against my mouth. Honey, I know it all by heart. I don’t want to try some new kinky position. I want to revisit where we’ve been.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|You're thoughtful, Barbara, but you're not open. You're passionate, but you're hard. You're a good, decent, funny, wonderful woman, and I love you, but you're a pain in the ass.
Roshon Fegan|When I first came into parliament, there was, on average, a by-election every three months - due not to MPs bailing out, but because of the death rate.
Franz Kafka, The Diaries of Franz Kafka: 1914-1923|It is entirely conceivable that life's splendour forever lies in wait about each one of us in all its fullness, but veiled from our view, deep down, invisible, far off. It is there, though, not hostile, not reluctant, not deaf. If you summon it by the right word, by its right name, it will come. This is the essence of magic, which does not create but summonsFranz Kafka, 18 October 1921Es ist sehr gut denkbar, dass die Herrlichkeit des Lebes um jeden und immer in ihrer ganzen Fülle bereitliegt, aber verhängt, in der Tiefe, unsichtbar, sehr weit. Aber sie liegt dort, nicht feindselig, nicht widerwillig, nicht taub. Ruft man sie mit dem richtigen Wort, beim richtigen Namen, dann kommt sie. Das ist das Wesen der Zauberei, die nicht schafft, sondern ruft.Kafkas Tagebücher,18 Oktober 1921
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|When you can find your own axis, you can revolve around it, for when you revolve your life on someone outside of you, you lose your own alignment. Just as the earth revolves around its own axis daily and through this eternal gentle revolving it also revolves around the sun, if you don’t find your own axis and you don’t gently revolve, you cannot be for anyone.Then, once you have centered on your axis and someone else who has also centered on theirs is brought into your world, the two of you can come together and there is a collision of axes and you shift from your center. This is the sensation of ‘falling in love’.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|I want to see a flowering of Arab and Jewish cultures in a country without racism or anti-Semitism, without rich or poor or spat-upon: everyone beneath the vine and fig tree living in peace and unafraid. A homeland for each and every one of us between the mountains and the sea. A multilingual, multireligious, many-colored and -peopled land where the orange tree blooms for all. I will not surrender this vision for any lesser compromise.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Forgiving: The Fourfold Path for Healing Ourselves and Our World|Turn off the device and take your child for a walk through the woods or on a hike up a mountain. Go on a camping trip. Late at night, when it's absolutely dark, take your child's hand and ask her to look up at the stars. Talk with her about the vastness of space and the tininess of our planet in the universe. That's reality. That's perspective.
Martin Garrix|Picture books are for everybody at any age, not books to be left behind as we grow older. The best ones leave a tantalising gap between the pictures and the words, a gap that is filled by the reader's imagination, adding so much to the excitement of reading a book.
Nick Vujicic, Unstoppable: The Incredible Power of Faith in Action|The question to ask, when you feel pride, then, is this: What am I missing right now that a more humble person might see? What am I avoiding, or running from, with my bluster, franticness, and embellishments? It is far better to ask and answer these questions now, with the stakes still low, than it will be later.
Angelica Hopes|Facing one’s past can be a perilous activity. For the client, joy must exceed misery. Personal successes must far outweigh losses. Pleasure must exceed pain. Always. Always. To do otherwise is a failure of the counselor.— André Chevalier
Mehmet Murat ildan|Are you looking for a lighthouse? Let me give you an advice: When you improve your own mind, you become your very own lighthouse!
Shannon L. Alder|There comes a time in your life when you have to choose to turn the page, write another book or simply close it.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|Regardless of the religious tradition, spiritual path, or personal perspective we choose to embrace, the potential exists for it to encourage and uplift every aspect of our being and to affect the types of goals we may choose to set for ourselves.
Sonali Deraniyagala, Wave|Dogs possess a quality that's rare among humans--the ability to make you feel valued just by being you--and it was something of a miracle to me to be on the receiving end of all that acceptance. The dog didn't care what I looked like, or what I did for a living, or what a train wreck of a life I'd led before I got her, or what we did from day to day. She just wanted to be with me, and that awareness gave me a singular sensation of delight. I kept her in a crate at night until she was housebroken, and in the mornings I'd let her up onto the bed with me. She'd writhe with joy at that. She'd wag her tail and squirm all over me, lick my neck and face and eyes and ears, get her paws all tangled in my braid, and I'd just lie there, and I'd feel those oceans of loss from my past ebbing back, ebbing away, and I'd hear myself laugh out loud.
Steven Magee|High altitude astronomy is a strange world of oxygen starvation, sleep deprivation and radiation sickness.
Jennifer Elisabeth|He looked at me, that first day, like he had just found something he’d lost a thousand years ago.
Gabrielle Williams, The Reluctant Hallelujah|Too many Christians reverse New Covenant commands as we seek, through condemnation of the world, the return of the never-existent, demonic myth of the "Christian Nation"!
Giridhar Alwar|If you feel something should be changed, start the change with your thoughts and mind-set. Cause you may not change the surroundings but your thoughts will...-Giridhar Alwar
Rob Thurman, All Seeing Eye|I like being on my own. I mean, I'm sure a Pack’s best for some dogs, but I've walked alone since I left my Pup Pack. I can look after myself.
Hudson Taylor|Satan will always find you something to do when you ought to be occupied about that [regular, prayerful Bible study], if it is only arranging a window blind.
Robert Jackall, Moral Mazes: The World of Corporate Managers|Younger managers learn quickly that, whatever the public protestations to the contrary, bosses generally want pliable and agreeable subordinates, especially during periods of crisis. Clique leaders want dependable, loyal allies. Thos who regularly raise objections to what a boss or a clique leader really desires run the risk of being considered problems themselves and of being labeled "outspoken," or "nonconstructive," or "doomsayers," "naysayers," or "crepehangers.
Tara Estacaan|HIDEAWAYPreserve thatsecret, homey spotin your heart,as sanctuary where dreams may be softly tended,and revived.
Dhammapada|While a man desires a woman,His mind is boundAs closely as a calf to its mother.As you would pluck an autumn lily,Pluck the arrow of desire.
honeya|Do not cut down on your expenses, Increase your income!
Charles Inglis|Sir, I wish to understand the true principles of the Government. I wish them carried out. I ask nothing more.
Gayle Forman, Sisters in Sanity|Life doesn't come with an eraser. Experiences leave their mark, for better or for worse. Anyone who tells you otherwise has never been hurt.
Jamie Farr|I try to find humor in everything I do, because I think all great plays - even great tragedies - have enormous humor in them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every child should be taught how to think, read and write.
Nora Roberts, The Stanislaski Brothers: Mikhail and Alex|Damn me to hell or take me to heaven, but for Gods sake, do it now....
H.L. Mencken|The most erroneous assumption is to the effect that the aim of public education is to fill the young of the species with knowledge and awaken their intelligence, and so make them fit to discharge the duties of citizenship in an enlightened and independent manner. Nothing could be further from the truth. The aim of public education is not to spread enlightenment at all; it is simply to reduce as many individuals as possible to the same safe level, to breed and train a standardized citizenry, to put down dissent and originality. That is its aim in the United States, whatever the pretensions of politicians, pedagogues and other such mountebanks, and that is its aim everywhere else.
Mario Vargas Llosa|Christlike communications are expressions of affection and not anger, truth and not fabrication, compassion and not contention, respect and not ridicule, counsel and not criticism, correction and not condemnation. They are spoken with clarity and not with confusion. They may be tender or they may be tough, but they must always be tempered.
Paul Midler, Poorly Made in China: An Insider's Account of the Tactics Behind China's Production Game|Somewhere along the line, Made in China began to sound like a bargain. (...) When an importer told a retail buyer that an item was quoted at 65¢ and made in the USA, the buyer figured it could be purchased somewhere cheaper. When the same product was quoted at 65¢ and was said to have been made in China the buyer figured it could not be found for any less.
Cynthia Ozick|You can lay in bed and think you don't stand a chance, that's what all of us thought, and here we are. We ended up doing all right.
Nick Rahall|Peace is not wimpy. It's about sitting down and negotiating with people you hate. Ultimately, all occupation ends, and you have to deal with the enemy.
Mark Skousen, The Making of Modern Economics: The Lives and Ideas of the Great Thinkers|The nature of capital was a major debate issue at the turn of the twentieth century because economist wanted to know how quickly the economy could adjust and recover from a depression. If capital were homogeneous and highly liquid, then the adjustment process should not take long and the economy could soon be back on its feet. But if capital were heterogeneous and not easily transferable to other uses, then the adjustment process could take much longer and it might take years for a nation to recover from a depression
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|Each new step into his new human existence is frightening. It always means to give up a secure state, which was relatively known, for one which is new, which one has not yet mastered. Undoubtedly, if the infant could think at the moment of the severance of the umbilical cord, he would experience the fear of dying. A loving fate protects us from this first panic. But at any new step, at any new stage of our birth, we are afraid again. We are never free from two conflicting tendencies: one to emerge from the womb, from the animal form of existence into a more human existence, from bondage to freedom; another, to return to the womb, to nature, to certainty and security.
Eliza Farnham|I am a fighter. I believe in that which is right, and the truth is, I have been the Lone Ranger for the past thirty years and I will not give up the fight. I love my public and I'll fight for you. I'll continue to make personal appearances for my thousands of fans.
Anoop Raghav|Don't beg for platforms, build your platform.
Jayson Engay|Learn to accept things, learn to understand things that they're happening because it's for our own good. No matter what happen, just always remember that "If that thing didn't happen, I wouldn't be what I am now.
Al Stewart|It was really cool to work with Dakota Fanning. I've watched her grow up and I've always loved her films, loved her. It was amazing working with someone who was American as well, because obviously it's going to be a different energy straightaway. We got on really well; she's so professional and hardworking.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Nowhere in Mark 16:15—“Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature” [KJV] — nor in any similar Scripture did Christ command us to go only into the Western or capitalist world. Nowhere did He say to exclude the Communist world.
Deyth Banger|People are so stupid, that they repeat your words and said in other words and what??(I'm stupid, so stupid that I want to repeat), I just heard that probably I have missunderstand something...(NOte- It's joke a Get it?)
Nora Roberts, Whiskey Beach|Twenty years have intervened; for ten of them I lived and fought for Dejah Thoris and her people, and for ten I have lived upon her memory.
Toni Blake, Sugar Creek|This was maybe the first time she’d done it when she’d felt the true intimacy of it. The first time she’d done it because she wanted to express her feelings for a guy in some new way she hadn’t before. The first time it meant something.The fact was, sex with a man she cared for was making all other sex pale in comparison. No wonder sex with Mike had been the best of her life from the very start—caring for him had been…destiny.Destiny in Destiny.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|I recognized him then; that is, I finally comprehended what I had known but had never been able to formulate: he had always been complete. He had finished the work of becoming himself, long before any of us could even imagine such a feat was possible. 
D. H. Lawrence|I hate to say it but I hate black humor. I feel like a Klan member saying it, but it's just not funny.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|sometimes it is when we feel the most helpless, and the most alone, that we are actually the closest to knowing our true nature.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Despite all their faults, campaigns are based on the fact that every vote counts, and therefore every person counts. As freestanding societies, they are more open than academia, more idealistic than corporations, more unifying than religions, and more accessible than government itself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love life, love light.
Ariel Schrag, Likewise: The High School Comic Chronicles of Ariel Schrag|I thought about how all that mattered, in all entirety, and all I wanted, and all I could see anything being worth anything for, was being a writer.
Stephen R. Lorenz, Lorenz on Leadership: Lessons on Effectively Leading People, Teams and Organizations|Comfort leads to complacency, and complacency kills. For this reason, I believe that we all should be a little uncoomfortable in our jobs.
T. Colin Campbell|With industry's sales and marketing machines cloaked in mantles of charitable virtue, no wonder most Americans don't realize that the junk that passes for food is in fact the biggest contributor to our health crisis, and the junk that passes for medicine keeps us just well enough to continue to spend on both the food and the medicine.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Stop blaming people for not making you to achieve your dreams. The question is "are they the people having those dreams?
Erik Pevernagie|If you feel it right now, on the Internet, you can tell them right now; you don't have to wait for anything.
Walt Whitman|The root of liberalism, in a word, is hatred of compulsion, for liberalism has the respect for the individual and his conscience and reason which the employment of coercion necessarily destroys. The liberal has faith in the individual – faith that he can be persuaded by rational means to beliefs compatible with social good.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|No it's not!" said Constable Visit. "Atheism is a denial of a god.""Therefore It Is A Religious Position," said Dorfl. "Indeed, A True Atheist Thinks Of The Gods Constantly, Albeit In Terms of Denial. Therefore, Atheism Is A Form Of Belief. If The Atheist Truly Did Not Believe, He Or She Would Not Bother To Deny.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|And eventually in that house where everyone, even the fugitive hiding in the cellar from his faceless enemies, finds his tongue cleaving dryly to the roof of his mouth, where even the sons of the house have to go into the cornfield with the rickshaw boy to joke about whores and compare the length of their members and whisper furtively about dreams of being film directors (Hanif's dream, which horrifies his dream-invading mother, who believes the cinema to be an extension of the brothel business), where life has been transmuted into grotesquery by the irruption into it of history, eventually in the murkiness of the underworld he cannot help himself, he finds his eyes straying upwards, up along delicate sandals and baggy pajamas and past loose kurta and above the dupatta, the cloth of modesty, until eyes meet eyes, and then
T.T. Faulkner|There it was: a full confession. Sherlock Holmes had done it again, and as I marveled at my devastating powers of deduction, I wished there had been two of me so I could have patted myself on the back. I know it sounds arrogant, but how often does one achieve a mental triumph of that magnitude? After listening to her speak just two words, I had nailed the whole bloody thing. If Watson had been there, he would have been shaking his head and muttering under his breath.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|I did feel a 'something', like a catch in the silence at the moment of creation.
Virginia Woolf, A Writer's Diary|If one is to deal with people on a large scale and say what one thinks, how can one avoid melancholy? I don’t admit to being hopeless, though: only the spectacle is a profoundly strange one; and as the current answers don’t do, one has to grope for a new one, and the process of discarding the old, when one is by no means certain what to put in their place, is a sad one.
Mouloud Benzadi|Compared to eternity, every lapse is short.
Lizzie Armitstead|If you want ideal health, you need to overcompensate and eat an excellent diet.
Fedor Emelianenko|My job is to play quarterback, and I'm going to do that the best way I know how, because I owe that to my teammates regardless of who is out there on the field with me.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|According to the American Heritage Dictionary of the English Language, the definition of the word ‘rebellion’ is ‘an act or a show of defiance toward an authority or established convention. Extensions of the expression include to fly in the face of danger and to fly in the face of providence, both of which carry a sense of reckless or impetuous disregard for safety.’Because we did not grow up with our fathers, we became reckless with our lives and disregarded the lives of others as well. Therefore, the problem is not the gangs, so to speak; rather, it’s the conditions that create them. It is the dismantling of our homes and marriages that create the right conditions for gangs to flourish. If homes could be put back together or prevented from falling apart, then these symptoms could be, root cause eradicated.
Gian Kumar|A person fully in the Self is formless, birth less and deathless. He is inside, outside and above everything that is known. In purity he is absolute and in spirit he is eternal.
Olivier Theyskens|The aim of being a good designer is to have an influence. If you design furniture or lifestyle, you should influence the way people evolve globally. It's good to have an influence.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Derian pulled the blanket snug around himself. “This is my added assurance.” Eena’s nose wrinkled. “It’s your what?” “If you recall the last time we were here standing in this very spot, you pelted me with neumberries.” He held up a single berry before popping it into his mouth. “I doubt you would risk soiling your blanket, so I figure wrapping it around me this way I’m pretty much assured safety from any potential attack.” He winked playfully, and she laughed out loud. “I’m afraid you don’t know me half as well as you think,” she announced. Aiming low, she flung a sizable berry at his calve. It hit its mark.“Whoa, whoa!” He lowered the blanket to cover his legs. “You can’t hide yourself entirely, Derian,” she said, aiming for his face. He ducked, raising the blanket like a shield in the process.Another round of ammunition pelted his ankles before he decided it was time to fight back. Eena found herself bound up in her own blanket, arms wrapped securely at her sides. She laughed nonstop, unable to move within his strong hold. Derian leaned forward until their noses touched, and then he kissed her giggles silent. He kept her in the blanket, snug and close to him, but Eena managed to wriggle an arm free and drape it around his neck, holding his lips in reach. She uttered a quick count in between kisses.“Seven,” she breathed.Derian paused, his mouth a whisper away from hers. It tickled when he spoke. “No, no, Eena.”“No what?”“No counting. Not today. No ground rules.”She barely uttered a partial “’kay” before his mouth covered hers again. His hot breath tasted like breakfast. He fixed his hands on each side of her face, and the blanket fell to the ground. As the intensity of their kisses grew hungry, he gripped her cheeks more securely. Eena could feel the air electrifying around them. Her heartbeat drummed—excited and anxious. “Derian…” she breathed. But he didn’t stop. She felt his hand move to support her neck while the other slid down her back, urging her closer. She brought her arms together and pressed against his chest, somewhat objecting to the intimacy.“Derian…” she tried again. But he covered her mouth with his own.She pushed more firmly against him without success. Her protest weakened as his kisses softened. The fervor subsided, and she could feel her wild pulse even out. Amidst a string of supple kisses, Derian’s breathing slowed. He planted his lips on her forehead for a moment before squeezing her tenderly. She snuggled up against his warm chest. “One ground rule,” he whispered in her ear. “We stop when you say ‘when.’”“When,” she uttered.“Okay,” he agreed.Then, as if the thought had just occurred to her, she stepped back to look up questioningly at the captain. “Wasn’t there a leftover sandwich in that basket from last night?”His lips formed a guilty smile as he confessed, “Yes—and it was delicious.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|When you meet someone you want to know, be very careful on how you sit on the driving seat to examine that person because you may end up putting yourself on a serious examination. Sometimes people lose interest & walk away after a chat because of the type of questions & silly discussions you engage in. Sometimes your highest intelligence end up exposing your foolishness.
P.L. Travers|What is this spirit in man that urges him forever to depart from happiness and security, to toil, to place himself in danger, even to risk a reasonable certainty of death? It dawned upon me up there in the moon as a thing I ought always to have known, that man is not made simply to go about being safe and comfortable and well fed and amused. Against his interest, against his happiness he is constantly being driven to do unreasonable things. Some force not himself impels him and go he must.
Mark Twain|The ingredients of both darkness and light are equally present in all of us,...The madness of this planet is largely a result of the human being's difficulty in coming to viruous balance with himself. 
Gary L. Francione|I am opposed to animal welfare campaigns for two reasons. First, if animal use cannot be morally justified, then we ought to be clear about that, and advocate for no use. Although rape and child molestation are ubiquitous, we do not have campaigns for “humane” rape or “humane” child molestation. We condemn it all. We should do the same with respect to animal exploitation. Second, animal welfare reform does not provide significant protection for animal interests. Animals are chattel property; they are economic commodities. Given this status and the reality of markets, the level of protection provided by animal welfare will generally be limited to what promotes efficient exploitation. That is, we will protect animal interests to the extent that it provides an economic benefit.
Jonathan V. Last, What to Expect When No One's Expecting: America's Coming Demographic Disaster|To raise a child is to submit to a staggering amount of work, much of which is deeply unpleasant. It would be crazy to have children if they weren't so damned important.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Casinos invariably win because they push their money under the table, what remains over the table of their clients’ evaporates eventually!
J.R. Ward, The King|Abruptly, the sea of people parted . . . and then there they were. Bella, with Nalla in her arms, Z standing beside his girls. Beth broke down all over again as the female came forward. God, it was impossible not to remember how Nalla had started this, putting into motion the need that had become undeniable. Bella was tearing up, too, as she stopped. “We just want to say yay!” At that moment, Nalla reached out to Beth, a gummy smile on her face, pure joy radiating out. No turning that down, nope, not at all. Beth took the little girl out of her mother’s arms and positioned her on her chest, capturing one of the pinwheeling hands and giving kisses, kisses, kisses. “You ready to be a big . . .” Beth glanced at Z and then her husband. “. . . a big sister?” Yes, Beth thought. Because that’s what the Brotherhood and their families were. Close as siblings, tighter than blood because they were chosen. “Yes, she is,” Bella said as she wiped under her eyes and looked back at Z. “She is so ready.” “My brother.” Z shoved out his palm, his scarred face in a half smile, his yellow eyes warm. “Congratulations.” Instead of shaking anything, Wrath shoved that ultrasound picture into his Brother’s face. “Do you see him? See my son? He’s big, right, Beth?” She kissed Nalla’s supersoft hair. “Yes.” “Big and healthy, right?” Beth laughed some more. “Big and healthy. Absolutely perfect.” “Perfect!” Wrath bellowed. “And this is a doctor saying it—I mean, she went to medical school.” Even Z started laughing at that point. Beth gave Nalla back to her parents. “And Dr. Sam told me she’s delivered over fifteen thousand babies over the course of her career—” “See!” Wrath yelled. “She knows these things. My son is perfect! Where’s the champagne? Fritz! Get the fucking champagne!
Shinzo Abe|In the 1960s we were fighting to be recognized as equals in the marketplace, in marriage, in education and on the playing field. It was a very exciting, rebellious time.
Louis Hector Berlioz|Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ...
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A life of hardship and personal suffering is unavoidable. A person must endure many humiliations of the mind and body, and expect persons whom they trusted to someday betray them. People inevitably witness the death of their loved ones. We also witness acts of depravity committed by criminals that lurk in every society and rouge acts of scandal committed by government officials in charge of the public welfare. A person must nonetheless resist personal discouragement, sadness, dejection, and despondency. I must reach an accord with pain, suffering, and anguish, or forevermore be tortured by reality while constantly seeking to escape from the inescapable agony of being.
Aaron Rodgers|The idea of growing up in the South and being a man is an interesting thing; there's a lot masculinity involved, with hunting, fishing, and playing sports that rural people take pride in, but at the same time, I grew up really not wanting to hate anybody.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be as humble as Moses, as patient as Job, and as virtuous as Daniel.
James Cameron|Wait, the most positive and infinite word ever made. It can be for a moment,for a min,for an hour,for days, for years, for eternity ...and sometimes for another life .. But it never fails and never ends.One always waits for something or someone ... I am not a time which can not be stopped,Whenever you will want me .. I will be there !!!And this best explains the relation between a Wave and the Shore.
Madeleine L'Engle, Glimpses of Grace: Daily Thoughts and Reflections|The life of the arts, far from being an interruption, a distraction, in the life of the nation, is close to the center of a nation's purpose - and is a test to the quality of a nation's civilization.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey|I will be me,when world aberrantlywill feel, my gravity!I will turn into my,when their shrill crywill stop asking why!(Poem:Because you so wanna meet me, Book: Ginger and Honey)
John Arcudi, B.P.R.D., Vol. 6: The Universal Machine|The verdict of this court is that the accused are guilty of witchcraft. The maximum penalty the law allows is to be burned to death.However, in view of your previous good background I am disposed to be lenient. I therefore sentence you to be burned alive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whatever you sow, you shall reap. It is better to sow good deeds; love, goodness and kindness.
Lady Gaga|The light from the sun breaks through space, bathing our planet as it encircles the sun with life-giving warmth and light. Without the sun, there could be no life on this planet; it would be forever barren, cold, and dark.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest divinities of the soul are life, love and light.
Orson Scott Card|Ulysses was an elaborate prank, and our supposed intellectual elite continue to fall for it.
Keith Steinbaum|There will always be con artists, I know that,” Warren admitted. “But that doesn’t mean clairvoyance isn’t real.
Ruadhán J. McElroy|Am I mistaken to think that even back then, in the vivid present, the fullness of life stirred our emotions to an extraordinary extent? Has anywhere since so engrossed you in its ocean of details? The detail, the immensity of the detail, the force of the detail,the weight of the detailthe rich endlessness of detail surrounding you in your young life like the six feet of dirt that’ll be packed on your grave when you’re dead
Edward Humes, No Matter How Loud I Shout: A Year in the Life of Juvenile Court|Take a trip in my mindsee all that I've seen,and you'd be called abeast, not a human being...Fuck it, cause there'snot much I can do,there's no way out, myscreams have no voice nomatter how loud I shout...I could be called alow life, but life ain'tas low as me. I'm in juvenile hall headedfor the penitentiary. George Trevino, sixteen, "Who Am I?
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|The only difference between having an affair here and having an affair there was that the American men would always ended up losing half of his estates over a woman he was infatuated just as much as the next tramp who would come his way, while Japanese men would only earn more respect from their subordinates through the possession of much younger women, as a sign of prowess and affluence, while their wives at home, as if there were rule books distributed nationally on the “proper” marriage etiquette for all young Japanese women to read before they enter into the matrimony, would turn a blind eye on their disloyalty quietly.
Maggie Nelson|At the end of the second week they were still working and Arretapec, Conway and their patient were being talked, whistled, cheeped and grunted about in every language in use at the hospital.
John Ralston Saul, The Unconscious Civilization|Unlike exotic fruit or fancy cars, democracy is best if it is grown locally. It may take root in the common desire of the people who choose to adopt it, but it cannot be imposed from the outside.
Franz Grillparzer|It has been my observation that whatever a person hungers for, Satan will appear to offer in exchange for a spiritual compromise.
Lamar S. Smith|Even though you can't expect to defeat the absurdity of the world, you must make the attempt. That's morality, that's religion, that's art, that's life.
Leah Raeder, Black Iris|Most of the time romance isn't even about love, anyway. It's about escape. Fantasy. Salvation from the mundane. Save me from boredom, from exhaustion, from my undersexed body, from microwave dinners and reality TV, from going to bed alone with a vibrator or a cat. Save me from my desperately ordinary life.
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|Sentinel meeting tonight,” Ria told her. “At Lucas's place.” “Time?” ...“Seven. Sascha's doing dinner.” “God save us all.” Sascha had decided she liked cooking. Unfortunately, cooking didn't like her back.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|I will never give up, just push harder because the thought of quitting if far worse than the temporary pain I'm feeling now.
Charles Lamb|Recently a study proved that working from a larger, less cluttered computer screen increases concentration. I could have told them that. And yes, I write first drafts with a mechanical pencil and a yellow legal pad. There's good reason for this primitive behavior: I am a crackerjack typist. My hand moves far more quickly than my brain.
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|The people are suffering. Relieving people’s poverty ought to be handled as though one were rescuing them from fire, or saving them from drowning. One cannot hesitate.
Toni Braxton|..And i can't get you out of my mind,God knows how hard I've tried
William Feather|If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|I'm Dylan. I'm so cool. I want to date myself, but I don't know how! You want to date me instead? You're so lucky!
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|A mental disease has swept the planet: banalization. Everyone is hypnotized by production and comfort -- sewage system, elevator, bathroom, washing machine. This state of affairs, which arose out of a struggle against poverty, overshoots its ultimate goal -- the liberation of humanity from material cares -- and becomes an obsessive image hanging over the present. Between love and a garbage disposal, young people of all countries have made their choice and prefer the garbage disposal. A complete and sudden change of spirit has become essential, by bringing to light forgotten desires and creating entirely new ones. And by an intensive propaganda in favor of these desires.Gilles Ivain (aka Ivan Chtcheglov)
Bernardo Bertolucci|Books and movies are different art forms with different rules. And because of that, they never translate exactly.
Jean C.J. d'Elbée, I Believe in Love: A Personal Retreat Based on the Teaching of St. Therese of Lisieux|How can we not ask at every turn, 'What is going to happen? How will this turn out?' The main thing is not to consent consciously to anxiety or a troubled mind. The moment you realize you are worrying, make very quickly an act of confidence: 'No, Jesus, You are there: nothing--nothing--happens, not a hair falls from our heads, without Your permission. I have no right to worry." Perhaps He is sleeping in the boat, but He is there. He is always there. He is all-powerful; nothing escapes His vigilance. He watches over each one of us 'as over the apple of His eye.' He is all love, all tenderness.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Airman's Odyssey|Love consists of not looking each other in the eye, but of looking outwardly in the same direction.
Eric Hoffer, The True Believer: Thoughts on the Nature of Mass Movements|Hatred is the most accessible and comprehensive of all the unifying agents. Mass movements can rise and spread without belief in a god, but never without a belief in a devil.
Travis Culliton|Until we become the change we seek, the change we seek will never come.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|Of course, the aim of a constitutional democracy is to safeguard the rights of the minority and avoid the tyranny of the majority. (p. 102)
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|He's wearing boots, a kilt, and a long-sleeve tee. No coat, even though it's December. Beautiful people don't need coats. They've got their auras to keep them warm.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Sometimes John had recorded new compositions, or lines from his new poems. Sometimes he'd just record a busy night in The Green Man. Sometimes sheep, seals, skylarks, the wind turbine. If Liam were home there would be some Liam. The summer fair. The Fastnet Race. I would unfold my map of Clear Island. Those tapes prised the lid off homesickness and rattled out the contents, but always at the bottom was solace.
Nancy Gibbs|Right now, doctors can test for about 2,500 medical conditions, but they only can treat about 500 of those. So what do you do with the knowledge about the others?
Poppet, Aisyx|Holding my hands, kissing the palms, his smile is ecstatic, jubilant, adoring, and the song playing speaks for him, “Have you ever seen the light...the way it shines in you.
Jacquelle Crowe|Jesus changes everything about a person’s life, from the obvious to the unseen. He shatters black and white into brilliant color and shakes the asleep until they’re wide awake.
Laura Esquivel|A good upbringing is necessary for a long life, but sometimes the patience of the young trees is sorely tested. As I mentioned in chapter 5, "Tree Lottery," acorns and beechnuts fall at the feet of large "mother trees." Dr. Suzanne Simard, who helped discover maternal instincts in trees, describes mother trees as dominant trees widely linked to other trees in the forest through their fungal-root connections. These trees pass their legacy on to the next generation and exert their influence in the upbringing of the youngsters. "My" small beech trees, which have by now been waiting for at least eighty years, are standing under mother trees that are about two hundred years old -- the equivalent of forty-year-olds in human terms. The stunted trees can probably expect another two hundred years of twiddling their thumbs before it is finally their turn. The wait time is, however, made bearable. Their mothers are in contact with them through their root systems, and they pass along sugar and other nutrients. You might even say they are nursing their babies.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|What my business partner says is, if the Lord gives you a talent or a skill, you have the obligation to use it as best as you can. Don’t you agree?
Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan|...education is a sacred thing, and the pledge to build a school is a commitment that cannot be surrendered or broken, regardless of how long it may take, how many obstacles must be surmounted, or how much money it will cost. It is by such promises that the balance sheet of one's life is measured.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, A Short Autobiography|I want to be able to do anything with words: handle slashing, flaming descriptions like Wells, and use the paradox with the clarity of Samuel Butler, the breadth of Bernard Shaw and the wit of Oscar Wilde, I want to do the wide sultry heavens of Conrad, the rolled-gold sundowns and crazy-quilt skies of Hitchens and Kipling as well as the pastel dawns and twilights of Chesterton. All that is by way of example. As a matter of fact I am a professed literary thief, hot after the best methods of every writer in my generation.
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|Can you trust me, once again…? Won’t you feel guilty accepting me with my wrongs…?’ I whispered.‘No… never…’ she hugged me tight, I rubbed my hand on her hairs , pat on her shoulder and said sorry for making her cry.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|My goal is no longer to get more done, but rather to have less to do.
Cheryl B. Evans, I Promised Not to Tell: Raising a Transgender Child|Forget 'pray the gay away.' I you're more turned on by an AR-15 than a pair of tits, time for some serious therapy. Time for all you gun-humpers to come out of the closet. Is this really about the 2nd Amendment and self-defense -- or just a pathetic fetish for guys with tiny pee-pees?
Peter Thiel|My teacher, Josef Gingold, a student of the French school, always loved the music of Saint-Saens and Henri Vieuxtemps and all the French repertoire.
Johan Fundin, Mr. Maniac|God created you not as an ordinary personality, but eminent, peculiar, and with a special assignment
Shannon Messenger, Let the Sky Fall|Sheesh, one hot girl walks into the house and all trust vanishes. -Vane Weston
Emmett Kelly|There's a magical tie to the land of our home, which the heart cannot break, though the footsteps may roam.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|Mr. Lecky had proceeded quickly for several moments before he drew up, shocked. A few more steps and he might have stumbled on his idiot, for the stairs he had been approaching were the front stairs to the silverware department, which he wished to avoid. Shaken by this unpleasant mistake, he re-directed himself, turning back down the center of the dark floor. Certainly he did not want to see the corpse; the corpse could not very well want to see him.
G.K. Chesterton|Merely having an open mind is nothing. The object of opening the mind, as of opening the mouth, is to shut it again on something solid.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|The x-ray of your skull shows a large, flobby mass floating inside. I have to consult my colleagues to be certain, but it looks like a long sausage snarled into a lump.
Martin Luther King Jr.|The greatest purveyor of violence in the world : My own Government, I can not be Silent.
Jessi Colter|I started getting Twitter followers after I started doing press for 'Fargo.' One of my best friends from college is a librarian, and she started tracking after each interview how many Twitter followers I got. She and her librarian friends were like, 'We're going to make a graph.' And I was like, 'Alright, nerds.'
Debasish Mridha|Be silent, but let your silence become the loudest message of love and compassion.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|I didn’t look back, but I knew you were still watching. It probably sounds weird, but I could just feel it. The hairs on my neck bristled when you blinked.
John Taylor Gatto|I feel ashamed that so many of us cannot imagine a better way to do things than locking children up all day in cells instead of letting them grow up knowing their families, mingling with the world, assuming real obligations, striving to be independent and self-reliant and free.
H. Kirk Rainer|Roughly a month into my stay in jail, I began the first of twelve letters. The choice of titles had much to do with my reason (or circumstances) for being incarcerated: I was a parent of a past-marriage; and though the courts had dissolved the marriage long ago, the matter of parenting was still being debated (by me)—but prohibited by the courts. I had to accept the possibility that my days as a father might be behind me while remaining dutiful to the possibility that, at anytime, circumstances could change. On the one hand, I am a former-father, but on the other hand, I cannot be anything but a father to my children—at any age.
Tana French, The Secret Place|Jonn Deire picked up eight yellowed and dog-eared cards from the pile, grumbling ‘garrn’ under his breath, while chewing on a frazzled looking toothpick. Skooch threw down a five of reds and said nothing. There was an impatient pause as the players waited for Beck to remember he had to play for Peeping William, who was still grumbling softly and rolling his eyes at intervals.
Elizabeth Emken|Businesses typically look at issues like price, quality, time of delivery. They don't often think about social and environmental impact because they're focused on their financial bottom line.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|You and me are going to have so much fun, Rose. Picking out curtains, doing each other's hair, telling ghost stories....
John Huston, The Maltese Falcon|It is with words that my heart sings, with the substance of integrity my character soars and without regret I look back smiling ~bns
Arthur Quiller-Couch|You can admire people for sure, and they're worth admiring, but you need to find that special thing about yourself. It takes working hard, getting the technique, and learning to sing and all that stuff, but the master class is about bringing yourself to the role.
Rebecca Brooks, How to Fall|Or what is it you used to say when we’d to go out in my pickup truck down by the pond, just the two of us? I’m the bit to your bridle. I’m the Jack in your Daniels….”Would it be weird if I were shedding tears right now?“You’re the fruit in my pie…you’re the sprinkles on my cake,” I finish his sentence.
Austin Cline|Science discovered long ago that carbon is a source of life. The ashes of my faith have prepared the ground for the planting of seeds that have produced new forms of truth, morality and meaning on my own terms, not according to the dogma laid down by religious ruffians or a vengeful God. If, as believers claim, the word "gospel" means good news, then the good news for me is that there is no gospel, other than what I can define for myself, by observation and conscience. As a journalist and free-thinking human being, I have come not to favor and fear religion, but to face and fight it as an impediment to civilized advancement.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|80% of man's happiness is based on love - love for others, love for self, love for family, love for friends, love for work, love for nature, and love for being loved.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|It is a curious thing: man, the centre and creator of all science, is the only object which our science has not yet succeeded in including in a homogeneous representation of the universe. We know the history of his bones, but no ordered place has yet been found in nature for his reflective intelligence.
Humphry Davy|In spite of everything I shall rise again: I will take up my pencil, which I have forsaken in my great discouragement, and I will go on with my drawing.
Isaac Newton|Gravity explains the motions of the planets, but it cannot explain who sets the planets in motion.
Neil Kennedy|80There is no greater influence in the lives of your children than the words you speak over them. The blessing of the father is incredibly potent and powerful. Your words give your children potential. As their father, you are prophesying their future!
Hazrat Inayat Khan|The first lesson to learn is to resign oneself to the little difficulties in life, not to hit out at everything one comes up against. If one were able to manage this one would not need to cultivate great power; even one's presence would be healing.
Greg   Nichols, Hungry Nation|A nation that is hungry for God will not go hungry." Duffy French, book character
Ani DiFranco|What are you gonna do, talk the alien to death?
Sophia Whittemore, The Funnyman|To love, to live, to feel so much that your world keeps spinning, faster and faster, in that wonderful, chaotic mess of humanity that you’d so hastily give up. Immortality is overrated. It is nothing but the ability to live through it all and not experience a single thing, to eat everything without tasting it at all." Isak’s eyes shone with a desperate need. He wanted, more than anything it seemed, to be like me, when all I wanted was to be like him.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby & 1984|A man, who needs you, will not come to visit you in the middle of the night. If he is there, definitely wants to stop you from being helpful.
Bradley B. Dalina|She is holding both hands over her stomach and smiling. It is a primal smile, a primordial smile, a smile of animal contentment - a smile like the smile of a dog with a ball, or a purring cat. It is a smile utterly impossible not to smile back at, and McFadden does.
Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures|You may ask for anything, but God will only give you what fits in His divine plan. John 14:14
J. J. Watt|By giving people the power to share, we're making the world more transparent.
Xue Yun|Spirits arrive at this world in naked bodies, their purpose - to grow wings.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|Ali Baba protects the lovers! Gives them the luck of bandits, and no guilt, for love fills certain people and expands them beyond all laws; there is no time, no place for regrets, hesitations, cowardices. Love runs free and reckless, and all the gentle trickeries perpetrated to protect others from its burns-those who are not the lovers but who might be the victims of this love's expansion.
Steve Guttenberg|I was told to challenge every spiritual teacher, every world leader to utter the one sentence that no religion, no political party, and no nation on the face of the earth will dare utter: 'Ours is not a better way, ours is merely another way.
George Saunders, Tenth of December|Dad had once said, Trust your mind, Rob. If it smells like shit but has writing across it that says Happy Birthday and a candle stuck down in it, what is it?Is there icing on it? he'd said.Dad had done that thing of squinting his eyes when an answer was not quite there yet.
Morgan Parker, Hope|‎''Your heart is either beating or it's not, your heart never forgets. As long as your heart is beating follow it, it will always stay true to you.
Joyce Wycoff|How many geniuses die undiscovered, not only by others but, more sadly, by themselves?
Anonymous|Is it not crystal clear, then, comrades, that all the evils of this life of ours spring from the tyranny of human beings?
Horace Mann|Most of life's actions are within our reach, but decisions take willpower.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|-"Do people look the same when they get to heaven?"-"I don't know. I don't think so."-"Then how do people recognize each other?"-"I don't know, sweetie."She sounded tired."They just feel it.You don't need your eyes to love,right? You just feel it inside you. That's how it is in heaven. It's just love, and no one forgets who they love.
C. JoyBell C.|The old adage that people only want what they can’t have or what they can’t tame— is totally primitive. A being of higher origins will know instinctively that life on earth is a series of chances, moments and concepts. That’s really all that you have. So when you find one of these things and it makes you burn, or it makes you feel peace inside, or it makes you look forwards and backwards and here all at the same time— that’s when you know to hold onto it. And you hold onto it with every fiber of your being. Because it’s in the holding on of these chances and moments and concepts that life is lived. Every other kind of living is only in vitro. I don’t care what psychologists say today about how the human mind works. Because one day they will reach this pinnacle and they will see what I see and they will look upon the old ways as primitive. As long and gone. We do not wish to have what we can’t have. We wish to burn in whatever flame we have stepped into.
James Gould Cozzens, The Just and the Unjust|Bailey might not have great intelligence or abilities, but his whole aim, thought and study was that of the born leader--to look out for himself; and he did it with that born-leader's confidence and intensity that draws along the ordinary uncertain man, who soon confuses his own interest and his own safety with that of the leader.
Jean Kenyon MacKenzie|Push until you can push no more, and then, push some more.
Stefania Mattana, Into the Killer Sphere|Just calm down and think, sir. Think. Where is your wife?
Yves Behar|Design needs a new relationship with the world, one that is more focused on our planet's needs.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|When somebody comes with a conclusion, then he looks through that conclusion and chooses only things which support his position.Logic is a prostitute.It can help anybody - for or against, it has no problem.
Carlina Rinaldi, In Dialogue with Reggio Emilia: Listening, Researching and Learning|The child is not a citizen of the future; he (sic) is a citizen from the very first moment of life and also the most important citizen because he represents and brings the 'possible'...a bearer, here and now of rights, of values, of culture...It is our hiostorical responsibility not only to affirm this but the create cultural, social, political and educational contexts which are able to receive children and dialogue with their potential for constructing human rights.
Benjamin H. Bratton, The Stack: On Software and Sovereignty|The information superhighways will have the same effect as our present superhighways or motorways. They will cancel out the landscape, lay waste to the territory and abolish real distances. What is merely physical and geographical in the case of our motorways will assume its full dimensions in the electronic field with the abolition of mental distances and the absolute shrinkage of time. All short circuits (and the establishment of this planetary hyper-space is tantamount to one immense short circuit) produce electric shocks. What we see emerging here is no longer merely territorial desert, but social desert, employment desert, the body itself being laid waste by the very concentration of information. A kind of Big Crunch, contemporaneous with the Big Bang of the financial markets and the information networks. We are merely at the dawning of the process, but the waste and the wastelands are already growing much faster than the computerization process itself.
Haresh Sippy|Like a battery, the human mind and body must be fully discharged to stretch their capacity.
Susan Breen|Maggie Dove wanted to be a beacon of light. She dreamed of being the sort of person who made others laugh, calmed crying babies, soothed wild dogs, inspired hopefulness.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|You touch some of the reasons for my going, not for my staying away.
Sophia Amoruso|Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other.
Thomas Bernhard, The Loser|Those who live in the country get idiotic in time, without noticing it, for a while they think it's original and good for their health, but life in the country is not original at all, for anyone who wasn't born in and for the country it shows a lack of taste and is only harmful to their health. The people who go walking in the country walk right into their own funeral in the country and at the very least they lead a grotesque existence which leads them first into idiocy, then into an absurd death.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Dream on it, think on it, ink on it, speak on it... then proceed to bring on it. Fulfillment is ordered to find you. Shine time!
Quentin Bryce|The equality among all members of the League, which is provided in the statutes giving each state only one vote, cannot of course abolish the actual material inequality of the powers concerned.
Edward Morris, Blood of Eden|Our meeting was inevitable. Our love was terminal. But God and Goddess damn it, our daughter was no mistake at all.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|Gatekeepers will always try to stop you getting in. But as a true hero, you have to snatch victory from death's jaws.
John Russell|In a few decades, the relationship between the environment, resources and conflict may seem almost as obvious as the connection we see today between human rights, democracy and peace.
B.B. Hamel, Cocked|Hey," she whispered to Malachi. "When are Irin considered adults?"He was following what looked to be a quiet argument between Sari and Mala. "Full adults? Around sixty to seventy-five years. When we're finished with our training. Why?"She flushed. Wow."So, you're quite the cradle robber, aren't you?"Malachi turned to her abruptly. "What? No, I'm not.""I'm not even thirty. That's like... a teenager to you guys."She could see the flush crawl up his neck, even behind the beard. "You're human. You mature differe
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Humph,' he said, with a disagreeable air, 'the universe does its work very quietly.' (“The Bogey Man”)
Socrates|If you believe in God, He will open the windows of heaven and pour blessings upon you.
Gautama Buddha|Consider the sunlight. You may see it is near, yet if you follow it from world to world you will never catch it in your hands. Then you may describe it as far away and, lo, you will see it just before your eyes. Follow it and, behold, it escapes you; run from it and it follows you close. You can neither possess it nor have done with it. From this example you can understand how it is with the true Nature of all things and, henceforth, there will be no need to grieve or to worry about such things.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|Occasionally I glanced at the big blue cradle of civilization hanging in the sky, remembered for the fiftieth or sixtieth or one hundredth time that none of this had any right to be happening, and reminded myself for the fiftieth or sixtieth or one hundredth time that the only sane response was to continue carrying the tune.
Goitsemang Mvula|The question is, what colour will everything be at that moment when I come for you? What will the sky be saying?
Jerry Reed|I am most thankful to Almighty Providence for mercies received, and determined still to press the case into public notice as a token of gratitude.
David Baldacci, Absolute Power|You know what kind of person it takes to run for President? Not normal. They could start out okay, but by the time they reach that level they've sold their soul to the devil so many times and stomped the guts out of enough people that they are definitely not like you and me, not even close.
Michael Bassey Johnson|To believers, the bible is a holy book, to unbelievers, it is a story book.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|Let him treat you like a lady and open the car door for you. If he doesn't automatically open the door for you, stand by the darn thing and don't get into the vehicle until he realises he needs to get hid behind out of the driver's seat and come round and open the car door for you. That's his job!
Rhys Ifans|I didn't read so much Japanese literature. Because my father was a teacher of Japanese literature, I just wanted to do something else.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Always Believe In Yourself.... If You're Down And Broken For A Reason, Rise Up And Focus.... Remember Strong Lightning Only Happens When Two Heavy Clouds Collide & Crack Each Other.... You Are That Lightning Which Is The Product of The Clash Between Your Purpose & Failure....
Trombone Shorty|I surfed Dana Point, San Clemente, and of course Huntington Beach. Every morning, you could find me at the hot water pipe.
Susan Choi|When I speak in English, my expressions become different. My attitude, too. I'm not sure why, but there really is a difference. My hands move differently when I speak English.
Leslie Le Mon, The Disneyland Book of Secrets 2014 - Dca: One Local's Unauthorized, Rapturous and Indispensable Guide to the Happiest Place on Earth|Santa is like a queen bee. All the elves are his drones, who exist to feed him royal jelly, which I guess would be milk and cookies. If an elf escapes and eats royal cookies, it will turn into another Santa. That’s what all those mall Santas are. They’re trying to start their own festive colonies.
China Miéville, Railsea|I seen hundreds of men come by on the road an’ on the ranches, with their bindles on their back an’ that same damn thing in their heads . . . every damn one of ’em’s got a little piece of land in his head. An’ never a God damn one of ’em ever gets it. Just like heaven. Ever’body wants a little piece of lan’. I read plenty of books out here. Nobody never gets to heaven, and nobody gets no land.
Sugar Ray Leonard|I was into basketball, but then once I found contact sports, it was over. I never played basketball again in my life.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Hope|What exactly did you expect me to do? I told The Boss what you said, but he’s not going to budge. Nobody gets dental.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, A Short Autobiography|For America is composed not of two sorts of people, but of two frames of mind - the first engaged in doing what is would like to do, the second pretending that such things do not exist.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, How to Stop Smoking in 30 Days or Less!|It doesn't matter where you are right now. No matter where you are, you're on the way to greatness If you desire that reality. Be present. Be grateful for the stepping stones that have you here today reflecting on your dreams. Stepping stones are a necessary part of the success process. Go into overdrive now. You can do this. No one ever made it in just one day. Each step is a part of the process. It doesn't matter what it takes! You're winning! Keep flowing all the way there. Stay up. You were born a winner!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|If you wish to transform, pretend this day until it is so.
Kakuzō Okakura, The Book of Tea|Teaism is a cult founded on the adoration of the beautiful among the sordid facts of everyday existence. It inculcates purity and harmony, the mystery of mutual charity, the romanticism of the social order. It is essentially a worship of the Imperfect, as it is a tender attempt to accomplish something possible in this impossible thing we know as life.
Erik Pevernagie|What makes people tick? Life can be a trap of ennui, but imagery may be a redemptive escape from dullness. The iconic power and exuberance of images generate an inexorable addiction that needs to be gratified without respite. Here and now! ("Give me more images")
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|When it comes to terror, reality’s got nothing on the power of the imagination[.]
Darnell Lamont Walker|I don't know any homophobic people. That suggests fear.The people I know who hate gay folks are:illiterate, nescient, uneducated, uninstructed, unlearned, unschooled, untaught, backward, benighted, primitive, unenlightened, blockheaded, dense, doltish, hebetudinous, obtuse, stupid, thickheaded, thick-wittedBut not homophobic.
Miranda Stowe, Dreams of Wolf|Careful old-timer, your age is showing.”“Hey, I’m only thirty-two. I’m in my prime, woman!”She harrumphed. “Well, I’m a mere twenty-five and you’re way too old for me.”Jay’s eyes smoldered as he whispered, “My experience is your gain.
Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain|How can I explain to her that I just can't come home? It's too soon, it's too late; I do want to be with Helen every second of the day but at the same time I don't want to be with her at all. I want to have back what I felt at the beginning. I could no more leave her then than leave my arms or legs. How do you find the beginning, though? There are no roads or signs. You start to doubt it even exists. The hardest thing isn't deciding that I want to go back to when Helen and Gracie and I were us. The most difficult thing is finding the map to get there.
Carlos Fuentes|The Chinese government wants me to say that for many centuries Tibet has been part of China. Even if I make that statement, many people would just laugh. And my statement will not change past history. History is history.
Oscar Wilde, The Happy Prince and Other Tales|They stole from rich merchants and temples and kings. They didn't steal from poor people; this was not because there was anything virtuous about poor people, it was simply because poor people had no money.
Maddy Kobar, The Songs of The Gullible Wiseman: The Early Poems of Maddy Kobar, 2008-2013|Cravats grow higher, as if they mean to protect the throat. The highest cravats in public life will be worn by Citizen Antoine Saint-Just, of the National Convention and the Committee of Public Safety. In the dark and harrowing days of ’94, an obscene feminine inversion will appear: a thin crimson ribbon, worn round a bare white neck.
Wislawa Szymborska|Writing is a mysterious process, and many ideas come from deep within the imagination, so it's very hard to say how characters come about. Mostly, they just happen.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Everlasting love, unfailing kindness.
Grégoire Delacourt, The List of my Desires|We may have to face God's truth about our pain--it is real, but we must be careful not to get God and life mixed up. God does not cause the pain and sorrow. He suffers with us and desires to comfort us as only he can.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Success is guaranteed to those who dare to dream, are courageous enough to be devoted to their dreams, and have the determination to realise them. If you think you have these three qualities, then I welcome you to the club of SUCCESS!
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Dustfinger still clearly remembered the feeling of being in love for the first time. How vulnerable his heart had suddenly been! Such a trembling, quivering thing, happy and miserably unhappy at once.
Mandi Lynn, Essence|I learn, I earn.
Joe Torre|Holiness is the strength of the soul. It comes by faith and through obedience to God's laws and ordinances. God then purifies the heart by faith, and the heart becomes purged from that which is profane and unworthy.
Ray Palla|A little holiday spirit lives forever in everyone. Test your own holiday spirit. Give away all of it you can. You'll see, it comes right back to you.
Jon Stewart|We have currently a built-in allergy to unpleasant or disturbing information. Our mass media reflect this. But unless we get up off our fat surpluses and recognize that television in the main is being used to distract, delude, amuse, and insulate us, then television and those who finance it, those who look at it, and those who work at it, may see a totally different picture too late. 
Christopher Babson, Breakout Presentations: Wow! People in Business and Life|Think, dream and expect great things. For would you rather be correct in your perception? Or would you rather be exceptional in your life?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|A salary is, to a man's employer, what his wife's vagina is to his wife: a tool used to (1) reward; and (2) control him.
Kristen Houghton, For I Have Sinned|a serious contender for my book of year. I can't believe I only discovered Chris Carter a year ago and I now consider him to be one of my favourite crime authors of all time. For that reason this is a difficult review to write because I really want to show just how fantastic this book is.It's a huge departure from what we are used to from Chris, this book is very different from the books that came before. That said it could not have been more successful in my opinion. After five books of Hunter trying to capture a serial killer it makes sense to shake things up a bit and Chris has done that in best possible way. By allowing us to get inside the head of one of the most evil characters I've ever read about. It is also the first book based on real facts and events from Chris's criminal psychology days and that makes it all the more shocking and fascinating. Chris Carter's imagination knows no bounds and I love it. The scenes, the characters, whatever he comes up with is both original and mind blowing and that has never been more so than with this book. I feel like I can't even mention the plot even just a little bit. This is a book that should be read in the same way that I read it: with my heart in my mouth, my eyes unblinking and in a state of complete obliviousness to the world around me while I was well and truly hooked on this book. This is addictive reading at its absolute best and I was devastated when I turned the very last page. Robert Hunter, after the events of the last few books is looking forward to a much needed break in Hawaii. Before he can escape however his Captain calls him to her office. Arriving, Hunter recognises someone - one of the most senior members of the FBI who needs his help. They have in custody one of the strangest individuals they have ever come across, a man who is more machine than human and who for days has uttered not a single word. Until one morning he utters seven: 'I will only speak to Robert Hunter'. The man is Hunter's roommate and best friend from college, Lucien Folter, and found in the boot of his car are two severed and mutilated heads. Lucien cries innocence and Hunter, a man incredibly difficult to read or surprise is played just as much as the reader is by Lucien. There are a million and one things I want to say but I just can't. You really have to discover how this story unfolds for yourself. In this book we learn so much more about Hunter and get inside his head even further than we have before. There's a chapter that almost brought me to tears such is the talent of Chris to connect the reader with Hunter. This is a character like no other and he is now one of my favourite detectives of all time. We go back in time and learn more about Hunter when he was younger, and also when he was in college with Lucien. Lucien is evil. The scenes depicted in this book are some of the most graphic I've ever read and you know what, I loved it. After five books of some of the scariest and goriest scenes I've ever read I wondered whether Chris could come up with something even worse (in a good way), but trust me, he does. This book is horrifying, terrifying and near impossible to put down until you reach its conclusion. I spent my days like a zombie and my nights practically giving myself paper cuts turning the pages. If when reading this book you think you have an idea of where it will go, prepare to be wrong. I've learnt never to underestimate Chris, keeping readers on their toes he takes them on an absolute rollercoaster of a ride with the twistiest of turns and the biggest of drops you will finish this book reeling. I am on a serious book hangover, what book can I read next that can even compare to this? I have no idea but if you are planning on reading An Evil Mind I cannot reccommend it enough. Not only is this probably my book of the year it is probably the best crime fiction book I have ever read. An exaggeration you might say but my opinion is my own and this real
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|It is easy to overlook this thought that life just is. As humans we are inclined to feel that life must have a point. We have plans and aspirations and desires. We want to take constant advantage of the intoxicating existence we've been endowed with. But what's life to a lichen? Yet its impulse to exist, to be , is every bit as strong as ours-arguably even stronger. If I were told that I had to spend decades being a furry growth on a rock in the woods, I believe I would lose the will to go on. Lichens don't. Like virtually all living things, they will suffer any hardship, endure any insult, for a moment's additions existence. Life, in short just wants to be.
Kaui Hart Hemmings|I think grief and fear are going to come to him suddenly. They'll be undiluted and words won't work. We're all going to get hit and won't know how to hit back. I wish I knew the answers, how to help myself and the people who will hurt all around me.
Jack Farris, The Abiding Gospel of Claude Dee Moran, Jr.|When the image is new, the world is new.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|People will have their excitements, and a good rousing persecution used to stir things like the burning of Chicago or a Presidential election in our day.
Bob Proctor|The world is your canvas and your teacher.Take a day to reflect, measure and adjust on your goals; progress is essential to continued success.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|We must believe in free will, we have no choice.
Aaron Hill|I tend to think you're fearless when you recognize why you should be scared of things, but do them anyway.
Zachary Jernigan, No Return|Think, speak, and act. With age comes self-reproach: I might have done more. Therefore now do!
Bertrand Russell|I have lived in the pursuit of a vision, both personal and social. Personal: to care for what is noble, for what is beautiful, for what is gentle; to allow moments of insight to give wisdom at more mundane times. Social: to see in imagination the society that is to be created, where individuals grow freely, and where hate and greed and envy die because there is nothing to nourish them. These things I believe, and the world, for all its horrors, has left me unshaken.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|I glance at my boots. They are big and clumsy, the breeches are tucked into them, and standing up one looks well-built and powerful in those great drainpipes. But when we go bathing and strip, suddenly we have slender legs again and slight shoulders. We are no longer soldiers but little more than boys; no one would believe that we could carry packs. It is a strange moment when we stand naked; then we become civilians, and almost feel ourselves to be so. When bathing Franz Kemmerich looked as slight and frail as a child. There he lies now -- buy why? The whole world ought to pass by this bed and say: "That is Franz Kemmerich, nineteen and a half years old, he doesn't want to die. Let him not die!
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|We only came close to dying six or seven times, which I thought was pretty good. Once, I lost my grip and found myself dangling by one hand from a ledge fifty feet above the rocky surf. But I found another handhold and kept climbing. A minute later Annabeth hit a slippery patch of moss and her foot slipped. Fortunately, she found something else to put it against. Unfortunately, that something was mt face."Sorry," she murmured."S'okay," I grunted, though I'd never really wanted to know what Annabeth's sneaker tasted like.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|I believe each of us is a pilgrim in our own way; we are all lost souls, trying to find our way home.
Robin Wasserman, Girls on Fire|In my room, in the dark, I understood what I never had before, what no one else seemed to. I understood how a boy could go into the woods with a bullet and a gun and not come out. That there was no conspiracy, no evil influences or secret rituals; that sometimes there was only pain and the need to make it stop.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|And what are your interests and hobbies, Nicholas?" Annabel asked faintly, sounding like a cross between a television interviewer and a hostage. Nick considered this for a minute, and then said "I like swords." Annabel leaned over her plate and asked, her voice changing "You fence?" "Not exactly," Nick drawled. "I'm more freestyle.
Joanna Macy & Chris Johnstone, Active Hope|In the past, changing the self and changing the world were often regarded as separate endeavors and viewed in either-or terms. But in the story of the Great Turning, they are recognized as mutually reinforcing and essential to one another.
Scott Turow, Ordinary Heroes|The history of the American Negro is the history of this strife, -- this longing to attain self-conscious manhood, to merge his double self into a better and truer self. In this merging he wishes neither of the older selves to be lost... He simply wishes to make it possible for a man to be both a Negro and an American...
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you push your luck too hard, fortune's muscles might tear.
Harley King, Like A Hammer:Poems 1990 - 1999|Sometimes we live too much in the past,remembering what we wished had happened.
Justina Chen, North of Beautiful|If art made you think, then this was Art. Staring at the ball, made of layers and layers of cloth, I wondered about the glass marble at its heart. What if you wanted to reach that marble? Make sure it was still whole?You'd have to remove the layers. You'd have to risk breaking the ball for a chance at freeing it. Fear, knowledge, certainty - you'd have to be willing to let them all go.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|Time has taught me not to lose hope, yet not to trust too much in hope either.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|.it's a long road when you're on your own ,but there's no better teacher..
Steve Jobs, Steve Jobs: His Own Words and Wisdom|Great things in business are never done by one person,They are done by a team of people
Sarah Zettel, Dust Girl|I wasn't used to looking ahead. Not like Jack. Maybe that was why he had that ready grin. I could see through the dust, but he could see through time, and he didn't even need magic to do it.
Sheryl WuDunn, Half the Sky: Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide|...when women gain control over spending, less family money is devoted to instant gratification and more for education and starting small businesses.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Most of us waste this extraordinary thing called life. We have lived forty or sixty years, have gone to the office, engaged ourselves in social activity, escaping in various forms, and at the end of it, we have nothing but an empty, dull, stupid life, a wasted life.Now, please has created this pattern of social life. We take pleasure in ambition, in competition, in acquiring knowledge or power, or position, prestige, status. And that pursuit of pleasure as ambition, competition, greed, envy, status, domination, power is respectable. It is made respectable by a society which has only one concept: that you shall lead a moral life, which is a respectable life. You can be ambitious, you can be greedy, you can be violent, you can be competitive, you can be a ruthless human being, but society accepts it, because at the end of your ambition, you are either so called successful man with plenty of money, or a failure and therefore a frustrated human being. So social morality is immorality.
Peter Baynham|So many Christmas films either are twee, or try and go super edgy, then stick on something Christmassy at the end of the movie.
Kenneth Clark|Music, first of all, is completely about abstraction, which is exactly what architecture is not. In a way, it has been incredibly constructive to know what true abstraction is. So you don't fall into the trap of thinking that what you do is abstract.
Sir Winston Churchill|(When told that he is a drunk) My dear, you are ugly; but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
William Makepeace Thackeray|In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we understand that greatness is never a given. It must be earned. Our journey has never been one of shortcuts or settling for less. It has not been the path for the faint-hearted, for those who prefer leisure over work, or seek only the pleasures of riches and fame. Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things -- some celebrated, but more often men and women obscure in their labor -- who have carried us up the long, rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.
Mary Tornyenyor|It is the heaven-born instinct of a gracious soul to seek shelter from all ills beneath the wings of Jehovah. A hypocrite, when afflicted by God, resents the infliction, and, like a slave, would run from the Master who has scourged him
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I wanted to call you, but I find myself feeling...awkward when it comes to you.""'Awkward' is the word du jour," I agreed. "So, I make you nervous?""Not quite nervous," he said. "Just unsettled."I wriggled my eyebrows and inched a little closer to him. "Unsettled, that's even better.
Erwin Schrödinger, My View of the World|Forms come and go. You, the quantum non-entity behind your human identity, comes nor goes.
Tommy Tighe, The Catholic Hipster Handbook: Rediscovering Cool Saints, Forgotten Prayers, and Other Weird but Sacred Stuff|I just like how [glasses] look on me and how they make me feel more confident. Isn’t that the point of anything we wear, anyway?
Emily Dickinson|That I shall love always, I argue theethat love is life,and life hath immortality
Andy Weir, The Martian|Conclusion: I don't need the water reclaimer at all. I'll drink as needed and dump my waste outdoors. Yeah, that's right, Mars, I'm gonna piss and shit on you. That's what you get for trying to kill me all the time.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Why it's simply impassible!Alice: Why, don't you mean impos
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|It pleased Aliena that they were all together: she and Jack and their children, and Jack's mother, and Aliena's brother, and Martha. It was quite like an ordinary family, and Aliena could almost forget that her father had died in a dungeon, and she was legally married to Jack's stepbrother, and Ellen was an outlaw, and—She shook her head. It was no use pretending this was a normal family.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|The man saw no adventure, no challenge, no conquest, no sweat, and no sense of accomplishment in what we were about to do – only stupidity. There was no way to explain to him our need to explore, to find out about the rest of the world, and to discover and develop ingenuity, endurance, and self-reliance – that pioneer spirit that had been buried under the comforts of modern society.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Before marriage a man prays that she accepts, after marriage a woman prays that he accepts
Susan  Cartwright, Wolf Dawn|When searching for justice, what you sometimes find is just more trouble.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Today we know more about Jupiter than the guy who lives next door to us. We can predict where an election will go, we can turn a gene on or off, and we can even send a robot to Mars, but we are lost if asked to explain or predict the phenomena we might expect to know the most about, the actions of our fellow humans.
Holly Peterson|And I am revealed for exactly what I am - a particularly stupid fish, moving from hook to hook, never learning my lesson.
Richard E. Nisbett, Mindware: Tools for Smart Thinking|What nature hath joined together, multiple regression analysis cannot put asunder.
Ajeet Sharma, Three Marketeers|If you lose money in business, you can still cover up the loss. If you lose time, the only thing you have by your side is wreckage.
Darren Shan, Bec|We have the power to bend all men to our whim, but are forever pushing ourselves further, trying to fly higher… and falling.
George Zebrowski, Synergy: New Science Fiction, Volume 1|The obsession with correct political belief and expression in art is stultifying the genre as it is necessarily exclusive. We are losing our voice in artificial, forced homogeny posing as tolerance. Propaganda-disguised-as-story drives readers away as agenda takes the place of wonder, excitement, character. and conflict.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|I was told I must change my rigid attitude.and it would surely change my mood...I was told I appeared to always be down...Never a smile...always a frown...So I lifted myself out of my wheelchair..and made up my mind to mend my " err " But then the inevitable happened you see...I fell flat on my face...however I now actually now do look up...at everything around me... * ps..stupid horoscope !!!!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|With the power of solitude, you can actually take up a decision to invent anything.
Haruki Murakami|...somewhere, on some subterranean level, her darkness and his may have connected.
Edgar Lee Masters|Where the mind is without pain Where knowledge is gain; With you, life is not vain Where hate is a burdenFaith in humanity is not entwine The traces of you is meI am you and you are me Where dreams are not metWhere the sun set and yet;we still strive towards perfection;Where the clear stream of democracyhas not lost its way into a struggling nation frozen snow of dead end;The traces of you is found with in young soul that rise up with faith and knowing that positive activism is the way to create a just society.
Grace Metalious, Peyton Place|As Christians we must realize there are millions of people in the world (indeed, within the Christian faith) who do not live by our worldview, and we must learn how to interact with them, love them, and tolerate them.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|For that half-hour in the hospital delivery room I was intimate with immensity, for that half-minute before birth I held her hands and for that duration we three were undivided, I felt the blood of her pulse as we gripped hands, felt her blood beat in the rhythm that reached into the baby as she slipped into the doctor's hands, and for a few days we touched that immensity, we saw through her eyes to an immense intimacy, saw through to where she had come from, I felt important being next to her, and the feeling lasted when we entered our car for the drive home, thinking to myself that we weren't to be trusted with our baby, the feeling lasting while I measured us against the landscape, the February rain, the pewter sky, and then the rain freezing to the roadway, the warmth of the interior of the car with its unbreakable transparent sky dome and doors, until the car spun on the ice in the lane and twirled so that I could take an hour to describe how I threw up my hands in anguish as the baby slipped from her arms and whipped into the face of her mother reflected in the glass door, and she caught the baby back into her arms as the car glided to a stop in its usual place at the end of the drive, and nothing but silence and a few drops of blood at a nostril suggested that we would now be intimate with the immensities of death ("Interim")
Sandra L. Schneider|The process of leniency involves accepting the reality of the current situation and finding a satisfying meaning therein, as opposed to misconstruing or denying the facts of the situation.
Kate Atkinson, Behind the Scenes at the Museum|Get down,' Bunty says grimly. 'Mummy's thinking.' (Although what Mummy's actually doing is wondering what it would be like if her entire family was wiped out and she could start again.)
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Successful companies will almost always be described in terms of a clear strategy, good organization, strong corporate culture, and customer focus. But whether these things drive company performance, or whether they’re mainly attributions based on performance, is a different matter.
Sara Zarr, Sweethearts|Language, that most human invention, can enable what, in principle, should not be possible. It can allow all of us, even the congenitally blind, to see with another person’s eyes.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Tree of Codes|What is boredom? Endless repetitions, like, for example, Navidson’s corridors and rooms, which are consistently devoid of any Myst-like discoveries thus causing us to lose interest. What then makes anything exciting? Or better yet: what is exciting? While the degree varies, we are always excited by anything that engages us, influences us or more simply involves us. In those endlessly repetitive hallways and stairs, there is nothing for us to connect with. That permanently foreign place does not excite us. It bores us. And that is that, except for the fact that there is no such thing as boredom. Boredom is really a psychic defense protecting us from ourselves, from complete paralysis, by repressing, among other things, the meaning of that place, which in this case is and always has been horror.
Huseyn Raza|Never did an eye see the sun unless it had first become sun-like, and never can the soul have vision of the First Beauty unless itself be beautiful.
Darnell Lamont Walker|The world is full of 'friends' of suicide victims thinking 'if I had only made that drive over there, I could have done something.
Victoria Twead, One Young Fool in Dorset|The Americans were understandably on hair triggers. There was a good reason for all of this security. For despite TV images of quick victory, much of Baghdad certainly had not fallen and firefights with die-hard Ba’athists loyal to Saddam Hussein were raging all over the city.
Homer Hickam, Rocket Boys|The pen is mightier than the sword, for by the sword are mortal battles waged, but by the pen entire cultures swayed, eternal societies arrayed, and souls of men saved.
Tom Frieden|I, poor creature, worn out with scribbling for my bread and my liberty, low in spirits and weak in health, must leave others to wear the laurels which I have sown, others to eat the bread which I have earned. A common case.
Robert Mueller|If the Philippines must remain under the control of Spain, they will necessarily have to be transformed in a political sense, for the course of their history and the needs of their inhabitants so require.
Sunday Adelaja|If a child is loved, he feels worthy of love in the future
Deborah Harkness, A Discovery of Witches|Matthew kept hinting that his desire - for blood, chiefly- was so strong that it put everything else at risk. But vampires weren’t the only creatures who had to manage such strong impulses. Much of what qualified as magic was simply desire in action. Witchcraft was different- that took spells and rituals. But magic? A wish, a need, a hunger too strong to be denied- these could turn into deeds when they cross a witch’s mind.
Aldous Huxley, The Olive Tree|Deprived of their newspapers or a novel, reading-addicts will fall back onto cookery books, on the literature which is wrapped around bottles of patent medicine, on those instructions for keeping the contents crisp which are printed on the outside of boxes of breakfast cereals. On anything.
Barack Obama|Today continuing poverty and distress are a deeper and more important cause of international tensions, of the conditions that can produce war, than previously.
Terence McKenna|You are a divine being. You matter, you count. You come from realms of unimaginable power and light, and you will return to those realms.
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|Once, my mother told a whole host of angels that she’d rather die than go back to a man she didn’t love.
Kathleen Ossip, The Do-Over|She is emerging (she has no choice) / into a place / like sex or childbirth, / one thing to the observer, something very different to the participant.
Bernadette Marie, Walker Pride|Fill your life with love and you will be healthy, young, beautiful and full of energy and strength.
Anthony T. Hincks|Only the ideas penetrate and prevail nothing unless one has the knowledge, to bring that into the practical form; otherwise, buying the ideas, shows one's idiocy.
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|Humor is not an end in itself, but a tool to understanding. A dense head must be tickled with an ax.
Jordan Dane|For the modern solitary, the quest for silence has vastly broader boundaries than what one's predecessors faced. Solitude is real only when it is relative to the world in which it is lived. It is unreal if attempted in fantasy--as though telephones and fax machines, the Internet and E-mail did not exist. (36)
William Dunbar|There's traditionally been a large disconnection in contemporary art between the audience and the artist. Generally, audiences are looking towards what they like, and I can tell you, that's the last thing on an artist's mind.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Ha ha ha ha! Tee-hee-hee!Mwa-ha mwa-ha!Kee kee kee!Ho ho ho ho! Haw-hee-haw! Heh heh heh heh!Gah guffaw! Hoo hoo hoo hoo!Hoi hoi-eee!Ba ha ha ha! Tsee tsee tsee!Giggle, titter,snicker, crow,laughter makesmy 'happy' grow!
Bob Hope|Happiness is a thing to be practiced, like the violin.
Holly Michael, Crooked Lines|If I could turn my thoughts into spoken words and share them with someone, they’d become real and mean something. Now, they were only lines that could be erased when I didn’t feel them anymore or hopeful thoughts that, like shadows, would disappear when the sun went away. - Rebecca Meyer, Crooked Lines
Marcello Malpighi|New Rule: Stop leaving couches on the sidewalk. Besides being lazy and ugly, it's animal cruelty. You teach your dog not to pee on the couch, and then when you take him to the place he's supposed to pee, there's a couch.
Pat Barker, Life Class|Everything stinks: creosote, bleach, disinfectant, soil, blood, gangrene.The military authorities say uniforms must be preserved at all costs, but that means manhandling patients who are in agony. Cut them off, says Sister Byrd, and she's the voice of authority here, in the Salle d'Attente, not some gold-braid-encrusted crustacean miles away from blood and pain, so cut they do, snip, snip, snip, snip, as close to the skin as they dare.On either side of Paul as he cuts are two long rows of feet: yellow, strong, calloused, scarred where blisters have formed and burst repeatedly. Since August they've done a lot of marching, these feet, and all their marching has brought them to this one place.
Leymah Gbowee, Mighty Be Our Powers: How Sisterhood, Prayer, and Sex Changed a Nation at War|Organizations like the UN do a lot of good, but there are certain basic realities they never seem to grasp ...Maybe the most important truth that eludes these organizations is that it's insulting when outsiders come in and tell a traumatized people what it will take for them to heal.You cannot go to another country and make a plan for it. The cultural context is so different from what you know that you will not understand much of what you see. I would never come to the US and claim to understand what's going on, even in the African American culture. People who have lived through a terrible conflict may be hungry and desperate, but they are not stupid. They often have very good ideas about how peace can evolve, and they need to be asked.That includes women. Most especially women ...To outsiders like the UN, these soldiers were a problem to be managed. But they were our children.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|When the leader grows, the organization grows.
Michelle Gagnon|From now on, the technology companies that succeed will be those that have developed skills at listening and a sophisticated understanding of their customers' industries.
Emmie White, Captive|May we never go to hell, but always be on our way!
Deyth Banger|Oh...oh, goddess, it's true about your tongues...
Rebecca Boucher, Novel Hearts|My body shook from pain, exhaustion, and the beginning of shock. I'd pay for all the powers I'd used, but the portal most of all. Good girls weren't supposed to open hell dimensions.
Arthur C. Clarke, Rendezvous with Rama|People err who think my art comes easily to me. I assure you, dear friend, nobody has devoted so much time and thought to compositions as I. There is not a famous master whose music I have not industriously studied through many times.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|The moment you realize that life will hurt more than your death. While existing, we're forced to become acquainted with sadness. There's no antibiotic for the ridding of distress, and no alleviation of these intervals of pain we must encounter. Behind our eyes, are all these things: our stories, our dreams, our deficiencies, and our scars. Today would leave a scar.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|My grandma, Mrs Grace Ayorkor Acquah said 'Educating the child is everybody's business.
Robert Browning|The death of any man aged 56 is very sad for his widow and family. And no one would deny that Steve Jobs was a brilliant and highly innovative technician, with great business flair and marketing ability.
Josh Hanagarne, The World's Strongest Librarian: A Memoir of Tourette's, Faith, Strength, and the Power of Family|A library in the middle of a community is a cross between an emergency exit, a life raft and a festival. They are cathedrals of the mind; hospitals of the soul; theme parks of the imagination.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|If you don’t learn to control your mind, your mind will control you.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|The kingdom of God works in all spheres of culture, whether church, family, education, government, arts, business, or media. It is time to stop operating under the mindset that these spheres ought to be separated into secular and Christian, hoarding all the ‘sanctified spheres’ into the church, thereby leaving the world struggling in a vacuum of death. When we suck all the living water into the church, the world is left to die of thirst.
Gunnar Myrdal|I look at the NFL and see how the transition has gone at quarterback. I might be coming along at a good time. For me personally, this is about doing the same thing I've been doing at USF - just smile, have fun, enjoy the experience, keep a positive attitude and encourage my teammates. I like to feed off the people around me.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|And I meant to tell you: that was a one-in-a-thousand shot."She raised her hand. "Don't.""It was awesome," George confirmed. "It really was," Jack said. "His head exploded.
Keary Taylor|One of the great advantages ofhaving a library,your eminence,is that it is full of books.
Darell Hammond|These are my new shoes. They're good shoes. They won't make you rich like me, they won't make you rebound like me, they definitely won't make you handsome like me. They'll only make you have shoes like me. That's it.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|You have seen what Eblis the accursed has seen, when he said "I am of fire, while Adam is of clay."Cover up the Eblis-like eye for just a moment; how long will you see just the form? How long, indeed, how long?Alas for that eye that's blind and bruised! Within it the sun seemed like an atomOf an Adam who had no like. He saw nothing but a lump of
Alireza Salehi Nejad, The Third World: Country or People|I wanted to get away from him before he led me into talking, before he made me feel angry, or grieved, or jealous all over again. I did not want to feel anything for him, not desire, not resentment. I wanted to be cold to him, so I turned on my heel and started to walk away.
Dave Eggers, A Hologram for the King|I'd trapped myself in a script.... But to be scripted at all is to be prepackaged, programmed, pinned to a page. Only the unwritten can truly live a life. So who I was, what I was, had to be unwritten.
Yana Toboso, Black Butler, Vol. 1|I like black for clothes, small items, and jewelry. It's a color that can't be violated by any other colors. A color that simply keeps being itself. A color that sinks more somberly than any other color, yet asserts itself more than all other colors. It's a passionate gallant color. Anything is wonderful if it transcends things rather than being halfway...
Emma Watson|You don't know what unconditional love is. You may say you do, but if you don't have a child, you don't know what that is. But when you experience it, it is the most fulfilling ever.
Stacey  Lee, Outrun the Moon|You are blinded,” said Dumbledore, his voice rising now, the aura of power around him palpable, his eyes blazing once more, “by the love of the office you hold, Cornelius! You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the so-called purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow up to be!
Rosalie Lario, Blood of the Demon|Let me guess," Brynn said from across the room. "Another brother, right?"Keegan glanced at Brynn, who was staring at Ronin with an expression of disbelief. He switched back to English. "This is our younger brother, Ronin.""Of course he is." Brynn let out an incredulous chuckle. "Did they specifically breed you guys in a lab or something?"He exchanged a confused look with Ronin. What did that mean?Bryn must have caught the look, because she explained, "Since you're all so hot, I mean.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|Son, always tell the truth. Then you'll never have to remember what you said the last time.
Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig|And the child—your child—was born there in the midst of misery. It was a deadly place: strange, everything was strange, we women lying there were strange to each other, lonely and hating one another out of misery, the same torment in that crowded ward full of chloroform and blood, screams and groans.
Dave Barry|The best baby-sitters, of course, are the baby’s grandparents. You feel completely comfortable entrusting your baby to them for long periods, which is why most grandparents flee to Florida.
Jeff Goins, Wrecked: When a Broken World Slams into your Comfortable Life|If you are going to find work worth doing - a vocation to fulfill and challenge you - you will have to encounter a reality bigger than yourself. It may not be what others say it should be or what you think, but it will come if you are looking for it... At times, the work you're called to do will be hard and confusing, but if you press in, you will see the purpose behind the pain. You will see how the whole experience is causing you to grow. And you will thank God for the whole journey.
Anonymous|If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Day I Wore Purple|For all its material advantages, the sedentary life has left us edgy, unfulfilled. Even after 400 generations in villages and cities, we haven’t forgotten. The open road still softly calls, like a nearly forgotten song of childhood. We invest far-off places with a certain romance. This appeal, I suspect, has been meticulously crafted by natural selection as an essential element in our survival. Long summers, mild winters, rich harvests, plentiful game—none of them lasts forever. It is beyond our powers to predict the future. Catastrophic events have a way of sneaking up on us, of catching us unaware. Your own life, or your band’s, or even your species’ might be owed to a restless few—drawn, by a craving they can hardly articulate or understand, to undiscovered lands and new worlds.Herman Melville, in Moby Dick, spoke for wanderers in all epochs and meridians: “I am tormented with an everlasting itch for things remote. I love to sail forbidden seas…”Maybe it’s a little early. Maybe the time is not quite yet. But those other worlds— promising untold opportunities—beckon.Silently, they orbit the Sun, waiting.
Randeep Hooda|Enchanted partnership begins with the conscious understanding, on the part of two people, that the purpose of their relationship is not so much material as spiritual, and the internal skills demanded by it are prodigious.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Before a secret is told, one can feel the weight of it in the atmosphere.
Laurie Colwin|I love Chinese food, like steamed dim sum, and I can have noodles morning, noon and night, hot or cold. I like food that's very simple on the digestive system - I tend to keep it light. I love Japanese food too - sushi, sashimi and miso soup.
Lenny Breau|What I'm trying to do is make impressions. I think of myself as a colourist, adding different colours and shades by using different techniques and touching the guitar in different ways. I'd like to play sounds you can see if you've got your eyes closed.
Barbara T. Cerny, The Tiefling: Angel Kissed, Devil Touched - Amazon Best Seller!|I did not choose to be a monster—a shell of a man—half-human, half-fiend. I am a tiefling. I am what I am.
Edith Schaeffer, The Hidden Art of Homemaking|All art involves conscious discipline. If one is going to paint, do sculpture, design a building or write a book, it will involve discipline in time and energy — or there would never be any production at all to be seen, felt or enjoyed by ourselves or others. To develop ‘Hidden Art’ will also, of course, take time and energy – and the balance of the use of time is a constant individual problem for all of us: what to do, and what to leave undone. One is always having to neglect one thing in order to give precedence to something else. The question is one of priorities” (p. 32).
Jessie Baylin|I always wanted to be a filmmaker, but I started acting when I was 9 years old. I looked a certain part that I wasn't, really. I played, you know, a high school jock with a lot of attitude or a spoiled rich kid, and I was neither of those things. I was from a very working-class family in Van Nuys.
Benjamin Disraeli|When I want to read a novel, I write one.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|Lonely people tend, rather, to be lonely because they decline to bear the psychic costs of being around other humans. They are allergic to people. People affect them too strongly.
Dennis Prager, Happiness Is a Serious Problem: A Human Nature Repair Manual|Only marriage combines all three forms of companionship - spouse is family, best friend, and permanent companion. This is why it is widely held that while the death of a child is the most painful loss, the death of a spouse is the most disorienting one.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|But that's the Way, and there is no other. And once his mind's made up, the trembling and aimless walking stops, and he can look doom in the face without flinching. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Nana Awere Damoah, I Speak of Ghana|The youth. The youth of Africa. The youth of this world. Are we harnessing the potential of the youth enough? Are the young ones… giving off their best to the continent, the nation, the universe that is giving us so much? Why do we think we can only contribute something after age forty? Are we not causing wealth loss to our generation?
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|It takes all my strength to do daily tasks. To some people, I’m just a number. I’m a projected food stamps debit card lifetime member. I’m seen as crazy or insane, but it doesn’t matter. I know I am bigger than my suffering.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|Our age not only does not have a very sharp eye for the almost imperceptible intrusions of grace, it no longer has much feeling for the nature of the violences which precede and follow them.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|AnatasiaYou Are My More My Love, My LifeChristian
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Listen, Harper. I realize how hard this is for you."A flash of anger heats up in my chest. She doesn't understand. She can't. If she did, she'd leave me alone instead of trying to force me to talk about this.
Christopher  Ryan, Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality|Marriage," "mating," and "love" are socially constructed phenomena that have little or no transferable meaning outside any given culture. The examples we've noted of rampant ritualized group sex, mate-swapping, unrestrained casual affairs, and socially sanctioned sequential sex were all reported in cultures that anthropologists insist are monogamous simply because they've determined that something they call "marriage" takes place there. No wonder so many insist that marriage, monogamy, and the nuclear family are human universals. With such all-encompassing interpretations of the concepts, even the prairie vole, who "sleeps with anyone," would qualify.
Harvey Fierstein|We're taught Lord Acton's axiom: all power corrupts, absolute power corrupts absolutely. I believed that when I started these books, but I don't believe it's always true any more. Power doesn't always corrupt. Power can cleanse. What I believe is always true about power is that power always reveals.
Idries Shah, The Dermis Probe|Be a dog, but don't be a younger brother.Proverb.
John Christopher, The Sword of the Spirits|A man can lead a reasonably full life without a family, a fixed local residence, or a religious affiliation, but if he is stateless he is nothing. He has no rights, no security, and little opportunity for a useful career. There is no salvation on earth outside the framework of an organized state.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|I had tried marijuana several times, but in the words of my friend and longtime assistant Janet Stark, “When I smoke pot, it makes me want to hide under the bed with a box of graham crackers and not share.
Samar Sudha|My recommendation instead, however, is that we do not surrender questions of value, whether absolute matters of truth, goodness, and beauty or relative judgment of more or less truth, goodness, and beauty. With those questions to the fore, in fact, we can interrogate various other traditions and truly learn something that can improve our own. Perhaps the Presbyterians really do know more than we do about due process in church government. Perhaps the Orthodox really do know some things we do not about iconography. Perhaps the Mennonites really can teach us the meaning of 'enough.' Perhaps the Pentecostals can help liberate us from dull and disembodied worship. Baptists who have learned to improve their procedures from Presbyterians, their art from the Orthodox, their finances from the Mennonites, and their worship from the Pentecostals do not therefore become worse Baptists but better ones. And so around the ecumenical circle, no?
Katina Ferguson|Be noble minded! Our own heart, and not other men's opinions of us, forms our true honor.
Drew Barrymore|When they [breasts] are huge, you become very self-conscious...I've learned something though, through my years of pondering and pontificating, and that is: men love them, and I love that.
Anno Nomius, Thoughts from a naked unshackled mind|5 decades since JFK’s inaugural address it is time now to ask, what your country can do for you & not what you can do for your country. You, my friend have done enough!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There are so many people who though can fight life and win greatly, yet they have imprisoned their own true strength and they just beg at the feet of defeat and miserable life, knowingly or unknowingly, at the expense of their true purpose! Awake whilst you have life and do something noble with all our might now!
Frank Gehry|You know, I think the, the crucial thing, you know, we have put in place what is, is just simply the biggest, boldest recovery package in history, right; the stimulus package, biggest ever; the financial rescue, absolutely comprehensive; a housing plan - that is incredible medicine for the economy. And we fully expect it to work.
Keith Meldahl, Rough-Hewn Land: A Geologic Journey from California to the Rocky Mountains|If you want to save the snow leopard, or the giant Redwoods, or the Okavango delta, or the Amazon, or the atmosphere, or the Earth, or those you love, or yourself, or the human race, this is the only path that can achieve that–so the truth is the sooner you support and adopt this path of transformation through understanding the better. The choice is self-destruction or self-discovery.
Karon Waddell|Sometimes, we need to accept that life doesn’t always go the way we planned.
Dean Cavanagh|Your mind gives birth to an action and, whether you like it or not, it will never let it become orphaned
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|Arms wrapped around [Darcy's] abdomen from the back. Fingers felt for the spot above his navel. Two fists pushed in and upward. Darcy felt a violent squeezing sensation. The offending prawn shot out of his gullet, flew across the table, and knocked Tate's wine glass over...Tate looked down at the partially chewed shrimp in disgust and covered it with his napkin.
Ross David Burke, When the Music's Over: My Journey into Schizophrenia|Am I a mindless fool? My life is a fragment, a disconnected dream that has no continuity. I am so tired of senselessness. I am tired of the music that my feelings sing, the dream music.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Or as Gabe had done, to rescue your betrothed from some evil force. That appealed to him. But he'd yet to find a damsel in distress, oppressed by evil and in need of rescue.
Teresa of Ávila, Interior Castle|. . . you must not build upon foundations of prayer and contemplation alone, for, unless you strive after the virtues and practice them, you will never grow to be more than dwarfs.
Paul Tillich, Biblical Religion and the Search for Ultimate Reality|Faith…is a concern of the whole person; it is the most personal concern, and that which determines all others. …it is not something which we can produce by the will to believe, but that by which we are grasped.
Anonymous|"They say so" is half a lie.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|We don't like to admit it, but the idea of losing control is one that fascinates controlled people such as ourselves more than almost anything. All truly civilized people – the ancients no less than us – have civilized themselves through the wilful repression of the old, animal self.
Patrick Ness, The Rest of Us Just Live Here|The First book written by me was like a puzzle, like "What to write now, first?", "From Where to Start First?", "What to add more?", "Which will be liked??" A lot of questions, you know that biography books are difficult you need to add the stuff which will make impress, scar or give a lesson to the people, not to repeat the boring life!
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Westward on the high-hilled plainsWhere for me the world began, Still, I think, in newer veinsFrets the changeless blood of man....There, when hueless is the westAnd the darkness hushes wide,Where the lad lies down to restStands the troubled dream beside.There, on thoughts that once were mine,Day looks down the eastern steep,And the youth at morning shineMakes the vow he will not keep.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If that’s what you’re willing to do for someone you hate, what would you do for someone you love?
Stephen King|You know, there was a time when childbirth was possibly the most terrifying thing you could do in your life, and you were literally looking death in the face when you went ahead with it. And so this is a kind of flashback to a time when that's what every woman went through. Not that they got ripped apart, but they had no guarantees about whether they were going to live through it or not. You know, I recently read - and I don't read nonfiction, generally - Becoming Jane Austen. That's the one subject that would get me to go out and read nonfiction. And the author's conclusion was that one of the reason's Jane Austen might not have married when she did have the opportunity...well, she watched her very dear nieces and friends die in childbirth! And it was like a death sentence: You get married and you will have children. You have children and you will die. (Laughs) I mean, it was a terrifying world.
Eliot Engel|The independence once represented by the car has been replaced by cell phones and social networks, which are now at the forefront of people's expression of freedom and access. Once a symbol of 'coming of age,' many drivers are waiting longer to get their licenses.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|‎And yet I have had the weakness, and have still the weakness, to wish you to know with what a sudden mastery you kindled me, heap of ashes that I am, into fire.
Jay Crownover, Built|You seem....unsettled." Was "unsettled" another word for horny enough to climb the walls? Because if so, then yes, I was most definitely unsettled.
Joe Iacovino, In the Shadow of the Sun|The supernatural is not as it claims, for it is inherently unnatural; it seeks to separate us from our natural world.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|Now, you and I both know that if you can control the flow of information, you can control everything.
Debasish Mridha|When love is your power and imagination is your guide, nothing is impossible.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|A number is still very accurate, but its role is changed.In the changed role this number enriches the silence.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|People will tell you that you have to know math to be a scientist, or physics or chemistry. They're wrong. ... What comes first is a question, and you're already there. It's not nearly as involved as people make it out to be.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|But because two can play at this game, I stand on tiptoe and kiss his cheek. Right on his bruise. 
Leroy Hood|Just as we would have no need of the farmer's labor and toil if we were living amid the delights of paradise, so also we would not require the medical art for relief if we were immune to disease, as was the case, by God's gift, at the time of Creation before the Fall.
Robert Fanney|If a man has any greatness in him, it comes to light, not in one flamboyant hour, but in the ledger of his daily work.
Karen Salmansohn|The heart of who I am as a person and as a man is forgiveness, after forgiving my father for a lot of things that were done when I was child.
Siegfried Sassoon|I believe that this war, upon which I entered as a war of defense and liberation, has now become a war of aggression and conquest.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|A prudent man should always follow in the path trodden by great men and imitate those who are most excellent, so that if he does not attain to their greatness, at any rate he will get some tinge of it.
Jyoti Arora|But then all writers smoke, don't they? And drink? And sit in front of computer screens till their arteries clog and muscles atrophy?
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Yet, Step 2 and AA spirituality is about nothing if it isn’t about faith in God. Many good reasons exist why AA makes a distinction between religion and spirituality, but a denial of God is not one of them. – p. 127
Thomas More, Utopia|Human beings wear clothing and walk upright, but when you take that away, we're nothing but monkeys.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Everywhere you travel to, be fully there.
Cassandra Clare, The Runaway Queen|When I got home I mixed a stiff one and stood by the open window in the living room and sipped it and listened to the groundswell of traffic on Laurel Canyon Boulevard and looked at the glare of the big angry city hanging over the shoulder of the hills through which the boulevard had been cut. Far off the banshee wail of police or fire sirens rose and fell, never for very long completely silent. Twenty four hours a day somebody is running, somebody else is trying to catch him. Out there in the night of a thousand crimes, people were dying, being maimed, cut by flying glass, crushed against steering wheels or under heavy tires. People were being beaten, robbed, strangled, raped, and murdered. People were hungry, sick; bored, desperate with loneliness or remorse or fear, angry, cruel, feverish, shaken by sobs. A city no worse than others, a city rich and vigorous and full of pride, a city lost and beaten and full of emptiness. It all depends on where you sit and what your own private score is. I didn't have one. I didn't care. I finished the drink and went to bed.
K. Martin Beckner, Chips of Red Paint|I want you to learn that if you don't keep picking at old wounds, over time they will eventually heal. Oh sure, sometimes they will leave a nasty, jagged scar, but at least it won't hurt like it did anymore, and if you don't look at it, sometimes you can almost forget it's there.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Everywhere is nowhere. When a person spends all his time in foreign travel, he ends by having many acquaintances, but no friends.
Auliq Ice|Personal growth centers on two types of people, the ones we like and the ones that drive us crazy.
Shelique Lize, Velicious|My fangs extended then, automatically, like her voice were a fang charmer, and I followed impulsively, thinking about blood.
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. The champagne was non-alcoholic. You didn't notice, and laughed at my jokes anyway.
P. J. O'Rourke|I like Michael Moore, but I think of him more as a rabble-rouser. On his TV show, when he went to the home of the guy who invented the car alarm and set off all the car alarms on the block... pretty funny.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Take my hands,” Alec said. “And take my strength too. Whatever of it you can use to— to keep yourself going.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|Without silence, there cannot be any real appreciation in life, which is as delicate in its inner fabric as a closed rosebud.
Emily March, Dreamweaver Trail|Just like a butterfly, I had sprung from my cocoon for the first time. For my risk, I was rewarded with Jacob Bennett." - Laylla Jonson (Beneath the Blossom Tree)
Jack Zipes|I'm not buddy-buddy with the players. If they need a buddy, let them buy a dog.
David Louden, Heroes of Hollywood Boulevard|[C]ritics of Canadian securities regulators sometimes point out that a number of high-profile US securities cases have resulted in prison sentences for the offenders, while incarceration for Canadian securities law violators seems very rare...[A]s has often been noted, incarceration is far more frequent in the United States for crimes of all kinds, yet it is not usually suggested that this is proof that the United States is generally a safer place to live than Canada.
William Butler Yeats|It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed 'Wisdom.' And then I know exactly what is going to follow: 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.'
Chuck Klosterman|Perhaps we humans are still in command, and perhaps there really will be a conventional robot war in the not-so-distant future. If so, let's roll. I'm ready. My toaster will never be the boss of me. Get ready to make me some Pop-Tarts, bitch.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Non sense discussions, have you ever thought that most discussions which you have are useless, pointess?? It's true and that's why I never go out.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|I am looking at this shiny star tonight,Wishing wishes could come true...I wonder if by any chance,He sees the same star too!!The overwhelming darkness tickles the lonely heart tonight,I wonder if he sees the star I am watching,May be he would stand within its light!There are many miles between us,but still our souls can meet...At this point when we look at this star together,May be our hearts could find their beat!Don't you feel the need for someone to come,Into your life...I am wishing for the same thing,As I watch this star tonight!This gentle light on my face,Cheers and comforts and holds me tight...I wonder if by some chance, I find you holding me with love and sitting by my side!But this remains a wish as he is still unseen and unknown,I wonder who he might be, to whom I would be prone!A hopeless or born romantic,Everyone is searching for true love,Wishing wishes in the darkness,To this magical star that hangs above!
Jon Meacham, Thomas Jefferson: The Art of Power|Civility is not a specific code of behavior as much as it is a call to unrelenting preemptive thought, and steady effort to care about influence on others.
Les Wexner|Many women assume they can't be good mothers and have challenging careers at the same time, so they might give up trying to do both as they get to a crucial point in their career. Although it can be hard at times, it's important for women to recognize the benefits of working outside the home.
Eraldo Banovac|Success and failure are relative categories. Therefore, do not exult in victory and do not despair after defeat. Accept the changes in life placidly, knowing that autumn and winter come after summer.
Karen Salmansohn|If people think I'm angry, I don't want to burst anybody's bubble. I like sometimes for people to be afraid of me. But it's not really anger; it's discipline.
Kai McCarthy|It takes skill to win a battle, but brains to win a war.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|That Damon Matthews,” Linda spat. “You know, take one letter out of his name and it spells ‘ damn’ as in ‘damn, that kid’s a worthless sonovabitch’.
Ruben Hinojosa|In our post-9/11 world, our Nation's military deserves, at least the same access to institutions of higher education that any other major employer might enjoy.
Veronica Purcell|Challenges that go along with our desires are simply there to make sure we are ready and really want what we have asked for. We are all instruments of the divine, the possibilities within us are endless. Putting expectations aside, we allow ourselves room to really experience these miracles as they unfold.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|One thing I've learned: we don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves.
John F. MacArthur Jr.|Why is discipline important? Discipline teaches us to operate by principle rather than desire. Saying no to our impulses (even the ones that are not inherently sinful) puts us in control of our appetites rather than vice versa. It deposes our lust and permits truth, virtue, and integrity to rule our minds instead.
Julia Cameron|I think there are many ways to raise great kids. From what I can tell, Ayelet Waldman's kids are interesting, strong, and happy, and if that's the case, that's good parenting.
Clare Boothe Luce|At home, I love reaching out into that absolute silence, when you can hear the owl or the wind.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|You just had to get some idea of what matters and what doesn't, and how much, and try not to be scared of the stuff that doesn't. Put it in perspective.
Candace B. Pert, Molecules Of Emotion: The Science Behind Mind-Body Medicine|To me, the rainbow was a profoundly hopeful symbol, separating the the white light of appearances into its multiple spectrum and revealing a hidden dimension. It reminded me of my belief that it was the mission of science to pierce through the layers of everyday reality and penetrate to the truth.
Jhumpa Lahiri|Every time I act on a fear, I feel disappointed in myself. I have a lot of fear. If I can quit all fear in my life and all guilt, then I tend to be much, much more living up to my standards. I've never seen a person fail if they didn't fear failure.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|A journey is a person in itself; no two are alike. And all plans, safeguards, policing, and coercion are fruitless. We find that after years of struggle that we do not take a trip; a trip takes us.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Our strengths are built not with our words but with our actions,Our fears are faced through those actions,Our lives are shaped by these experiencesand our experiences are driven by our passions.Where is your heart taking you...
John Ciardi, The Collected Poems|Beer bottles, whiskey bottles, brown glass, green. They fell to the lawn and I'd feel serene. Adam was king to my stilted queen.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|There's more beauty in truth, even if it is dreadful beauty.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|You?" I start to laugh. "Look at you. You're a knock-out. You're smarter than I am. You're on a career track and you're family-centered and you probably even can balance your checkbook.""And I'm lonely, Cambell." Jewel adds. Why do you think I had to learn to act so independent? I also get mad too quickly, and I hog the covers, and my second toe is longer than my big one. My hair has its own zipcode. Plus, I get certifiably crazy when I've got PSM. You don't love someone because they're perfect," she says. "You love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
Mimi Shannon|I felt a smile on my face. "Thanks." "For what?" "Using my name instead of calling me a thing.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Don't you remember anything?! There is no 'devil.' There is no 'hell.' There is only Unrest. There is no down, only sideways; the transparent beside the opaque, and a thin wall to separate them.
George Fox|I am the guardian of power, not its owner.
Douglas Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid|You will see by this that no man should be judged by another here in this life, for the good or evil he has done. Deeds may be properly judged, whether they are good or bad, but not men.
Akansh Malik|She continues to do her best to inspire and make others smile with her attitude of "it can always get better.
Mark F.  LaMoure|Imagine yourself doing what is best for you. Commit yourself to excellence. Transform yourself with dedication into excellence, from daily self-improvement and practice. Enjoy doing the process.
Deyth Banger|School is a jail, people want there a lot of and when you are out of school what you know from school you remember few and it's useless. So far 12 years at school... (Take it 12 years at jail!)
Michelle Tea|They resumed walking. Alex felt an ache in his eyes and throat. "I don't know what happened to me," he said, shaking his head. "I honestly don't."Bennie glanced at him, a middle-aged man with chaotic silver hair and thoughtful eyes. "You grew up, Alex," he said, "just like the rest of us.
Criss Jami, Healology|So, how close are love and genius, really? We know that they are both mentioned far more than lived.
E.B. White|A library is a good place to go when you feel unhappy, for there, in a book, you may find encouragement and comfort. A library is a good place to go when you feel bewildered or undecided, for there, in a book, you may have your question answered. Books are good company, in sad times and happy times, for books are people - people who have managed to stay alive by hiding between the covers of a 
Karen  Gibbs, A Gallery of Scrapbook Creations|You just have to live your life with confidence, not caring what they think. Just shake off the drama because you know you're better than they think you are!
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I've always let my imagination run free, but now I try to rein it in. Things never turn out the way I imagine, so I am letting them rest. Instead, I am holding just what is in my hand.
Cara Beatrice|Sunshine brings a new day,moonlight ends the harsh light.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|It is an interesting concept, is it not- the idea of never aging? Would it appeal to you, to be rich, beautiful, and eternally young?""I think everyone has a desire for perennial youth," I admitted, "but in the end, this is a Faustian, cautionary tale, about vanity and frivolity, and the dangers of trying to interfere with the basic laws of life and death. When I really think about it, I would not wish to be young for ever.""No? And why not?""Because I would be obliged to watch everyone I loved grow old and die.""What if that were not the case? What if there was one person whom you loved deeply, with whom you could live on for ever, under the same terms?"I hesitated, then said: "Perhaps then it would prove agreeable, as long it did not involve selling my soul to the Devil.
Susan C. Young|It is in your replanting or transplanting that you can do some of your best work and expand your roots to grow, thrive, and flourish. Whether you have needed to change places physically or metaphorically, replanting and putting down new roots will encourage new possibilities.
Eric Schneiderman|The greatest obstacle to the welfare state is not greed but private charity that makes the welfare state irrelevant; the greatest obstacle to re-education of children in the name of the collective is allegiance to a higher power. More than that, the greatest obstacle to the state as god is an actual God above the state.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|What compels me to write now is the same as all those years ago. It is the love of writing and storytelling, driven by a desire to escape.
Teresa Tsalaky, The Transition Witness|Light precedes every transition. Whether at the end of a tunnel, through a crack in the door or the flash of an idea, it is always there, heralding a new beginning.
Juan Gabriel Vásquez, The Sound of Things Falling|There is no more disastrous mania, no more dangerous whim, than the speculation over roads not taken.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|I will tell you why we have these extraordinary minds and souls, Miss Whittaker," he continued, as though he had not heard her. "We have them because there is a supreme intelligence in the universe, which wishes for communion with us. This supreme intelligence longs to be known. It calls out to us. It draws us close to its mystery, and grants us these remarkable minds, in order that we try to reach for it. It wants us to find it. It wants union with us, more than anything.
Faith Sullivan, Hold Me Tight|You two want to get a room?" Dean asked."We already have one," Lucy answered.
J.D. Brewer, Vagabond|We'd seen it a million times before, since girls on the Tracks rarely knew of loyalty. She'd be gone when the breeze got under her skin. "You can't trust Vagabond hearts. They are already so broken that they think nothing of breaking yours," he had explained once. I wondered who was the first to break his heart–where he'd gained that knowledge the first time around.
Stephen Hawking|In the past, there was active discrimination against women in science. That has now gone, and although there are residual effects, these are not enough to account for the small numbers of women, particularly in mathematics and physics.
Tammy Bruce|To our Palestinian neighbours, I assure you that we have a genuine intention to respect your right to live independently and in dignity. I have already said that Israel has no desire to continue to govern over you and control your fate.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|They were drinking, laughing and dancing, but I was sitting alone in the corner and talking to your soul.
Ken Follett, World Without End|Excuses will become self-refuting. No man who does not believe that Jesus is the perfect, sinless Son of God can, in his desperation and love for sin, reasonably use and misconstrue Jesus' words that unless a Christian is perfect, then that Christian cannot judge sin. Otherwise this non-believer is unconsciously entertaining a belief that Jesus, unlike any other man to ever live, was indeed perfect and sinless in His judgments and therefore that Christian is supposed to be like Him.
Naomi Klein|We recruit for attitude and train for skill,
Andrew Solomon|My mom is big on moisturizer and water. She always reminds me to drink a lot of water and wear sunglasses because I always forget them when I go out, even though they are one of my favorite accessories. She always reminds me about wrinkles, and always did, so it's kind of been ingrained into me.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Every story must have such a terrible moment, or it wouldn't be interesting.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|You don’t write a book when God called you to publish a library! You don’t plant a tree when God send you to cultivate a forest! You don’t evangelize to a crowd when God called you for a multitude! No matter the circumstances, find yourself doing something relevant and do it till all is well done!
James Beard|Red onions are especially divine. I hold a slice up to the sunlight pouring in through the kitchen window, and it glows like a fine piece of antique glass. Cool watery-white with layers delicately edged with imperial purple...strong, humble, peaceful...with that fiery nub of spring green in the center...
David Wilkerson|After much prayer, careful study and reliance on the Holy Spirit, I have concluded this about Christ’s intercession for us. Jesus died on the cross to purchase peace with God for me – and He is in heaven now to maintain that peace, for me and in me.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Never allow your present situation deprive you from your happiness".
|When you start to pursue your dream with a strong faith, the length of its journey and the size of your obstacle ahead would become completely irrelevant.
Tarryn Fisher, Thief|Leah" Olivia says quietly, "if you point at me again I'm going to break that manicured finger right off your hand. Now turn around and smile, your daughter is waking up.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|The world isn't just the way it is. It is how we understand it, no? And in understanding something, we bring something to it, no?Doesn't that make life a story?
TemitOpe Ibrahim|GOD made you a masterpiece, stop treating yourself like a shattered piece.
Chin-Ning Chu|O reason, reason, abstract phantom of the waking state, I had already expelled you from my dreams, now I have reached a point where those dreams are about to become fused with apparent realities: now there is only room here for myself.
Sarah Todd Hammer|When you’re a child the world forbears you, allows you your flights of imagination, your feelings of specialness. But sooner or later the privileges are withdrawn, and all you’re left with is a stunned bitterness at the realisation that you’re just the same as everybody else.
Nikki Rowe|A pen that has clocked up a million words, a lifetime’s memories, is worth more than the centrepiece in a jeweller’s window.
John Patrick Hickey, All You Have Is Now: How Your Approach to the World Determines Your Destiny|A dream comes from within you. It is what you were created to do, so it has always been there.
Stephen Richards|Desire is what lends power to thought, it is that element that separates a wish or a day dream into reality, if properly directed.
Zu Vincent|I finally understand. Cancer is not a gypsy curse. It's a huge smashing wave. It catches you and drags you out. And anybody can be spit back up, and anybody can drown. -The Lucky Place
Debasish Mridha|For a moment, just be silent and feel the joy of life.
Mouloud Benzadi|Always be yourself, And take control of your own destiny. There is nothing more disgraceful in life, Than living someone else’s life.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Arriving at Your Own Door: 108 Lessons in Mindfulness|Meditation is a way of being, not a technique. Meditation is not about trying to get anywhere else. It is about allowing yourself to be exactly where you are and as you are, and the world to be exactly as it is in this moment, as well.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|The darker the night, the brighter the stars,  The deeper the grief, the closer is God!
Ferdinand Porsche|As an architect, you design for the present, with an awareness of the past, for a future which is essentially unknown.
Michio Kaku|[On the practical applications of particle physics research with the Large Hadron Collider.]Sometimes the public says, 'What's in it for Numero Uno? Am I going to get better television reception? Am I going to get better Internet reception?' Well, in some sense, yeah. ... All the wonders of quantum physics were learned basically from looking at atom-smasher technology. ... But let me let you in on a secret: We physicists are not driven to do this because of better color television. ... That's a spin-off. We do this because we want to understand our role and our place in the universe.
Eloise Dyson, Divided|I just want to die knowing that I’ve made a difference in the world... or at least a difference to someone, no matter how small the difference.
Dan Jenkins|I design all of my costumes. I like to go out there and feel like I have contributed to every part of what I do. I choose the music, the choreographer, I've obviously chosen my coach, my costumes - all if that falls under my realm of power, my realm of influence.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The poet is the sayer, the namer, and represents beauty.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|We are all receiving Charity. There is something in each of us that cannotbe naturally loved. It is no one's fault if they do not so love it. Only the lovable can be naturally loved. You might as well ask people to like the taste of rotten bread or the sound of a mechanical drill. We can be forgiven, and pitied, and loved in spite of it, with Charity; no other way. All who have good parents, wives, husbands, or children, may be sure that at some times and perhaps at all times in respect of some one particular trait or habit they are receiving Charity, are loved not because they are lovable but because Love Himself is in those who love them.
Val Uchendu|Get up, work out, eat well, enjoy the moment, be present and show up for people who need your love; family, friends, less privileged, your followers. Appreciate love and remember, the journey is more important than the destination.
David Halberstam, The Best and the Brightest|The only way to write honestly about the scene is to be part of it. If there is one quick truism about psychedelic drugs, it is that anyone who tries to write about them without first-expierience is a fool and a fraud.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|It will pass, whatever it is.
Brandon Sanderson, The Emperor's Soul|Some of the hardest battles we fight are those against the demons of our past, over which we have no control.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|When you rely on the principles of truth, they take you far.
Praveen Chenna|If you want to see what your truly committed to, look at your results.
Pamela Harju, The Truth about Tomorrow|My memories from this period are often nebulous. They bend and warp like clouds caught between two fronts. A lot of terrible things happened to me that I try not to remember, but I was a child, I was innocent, and I used to be happy sometimes. ”Excerpt From: Life of a Bastard Vol. 1 By Damien Black
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When most of the greatest individuals in history were misunderstood and you've spent so much of your own adult life misunderstood, you can't help but believe that the majority of people know very little worth knowing.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|Life is rather a short walk through eternity. Be they seeds, pups or infants, on the trek they all pick up weight, sensitivity and awareness. Then, much before the end of the run, they deteriorate, lead, legs and lungs. The tragicomedy of existence: the long walk of slow decay.
Carlos Hernández, The Assimilated Cuban's Guide to Quantum Santeria|Like everyone, I want my soul to thrum. I run my long nails over the keys like I'm scratching the back of a lover.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|How would it be after the last sentence? The last sentence he had always feared and from the middle of a book, he had always been tormented by the thought that there would inevitably be a last sentence.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|With the truth, all given facts harmonize; but with what is false, the truth soon hits a wrong note.
Kim Brittingham, Read My Hips: How I Learned to Love My Body, Ditch Dieting, and Live Large|Sanabalis never seemed to eat, and he deflected most of her questions about Dragon cuisine. Then again, he deflected most of her questions about Dragons, period. Which was annoying because he was one, and could in theory be authorative.
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|It was a though we’d been living for a year in a dense grove of old trees, a cluster of firs, each with its own rhythm and character, from whom our bodies had drawn not just shelter but perhaps even a kind of guidance as we grew into a family.
Stephen King|When we tell our stories, the gods hear our sorrows.
Dina Kucera, Everything I Never Wanted to Be|Drinking is such a necessity to human life that people cannot fathom an individual who, like a child confined to a church pew, gets little enjoyment out of it and would rather do other things.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Unlike most I don’t fear prison, never have, never will. Obviously I don’t want it, I hate it, but it’s the hate that drives me on to survive.
Katherine Applegate, The Alien|Give me liberty or give me death.' A human named Patrick Henry said that. I wonder if the Yeerks knew before they came to conquer Earth that humans said things like that. I wonder if the Yeerks knew what they were getting into." -Aximili Esgarrouth Isthill
Jan Cox Speas, Bride of the MacHugh|The honor a man carries in his heart cannot be explained, lass," he said slowly. "Nor can you measure the courage of a man who will not betray his friends, even though he faces disaster himself. We've no right to question, unless we have known the same dilemma and acquitted ourselves with the same integrity.
Sebastian Junger, War|although science interests me just because of its efforts to escape from anthropomorphic knowledge, I am nonetheless convinced that our imagination cannot be anything but anthropomorphic.
Megan Fox|If people just want to be famous, that's just not enough to get you up at 4 in the morning to go to work. You have to love what you're doing.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|My emotions are invisible, untouchable—invincible even—and their power far outweighs my own. And so it seems unfair that for all the little I can do to them, they can do so much to me.
Emily Dickinson|Whenever she turned her steep focus to me, I felt the warmth that flowers must feel when they bloom through the snow, under the first concentrated rays of the sun.
John Clare, Poems Chiefly from Manuscript|Crowded places, I shunned them as noises too rude And fled to the silence of sweet solitude. Where the flower in green darkness buds, blossoms, and fades, Unseen of all shepherds and flower-loving maids— The hermit bees find them but once and away. There I'll bury alive and in silence decay.
Jardine Libaire|There is no greater excitement than to support an intellectual wife and have her support you. Marriage is a partnership in which each inspires the other, and brings fruition to both of you.
Anne Rice, Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt|Fellow-Christians, do let us study the Bible portrait of the humble man. And let us ask our brethren, and ask the world, whether they recognize in us the likeness to the original.
Jeff Goins|...we find our vocations not by focusing on ourselves, but by focusing on others.
Rolf Potts|For some reason, we see long-term travel to faraway lands as a recurring dream or an exotic temptation, but not something that applies to the here and now. Instead - out of our insane duty to fear, fashion, and monthly payments on things we don't really need - we quarantine our travels to short, frenzied bursts. In this way, as we throw our wealth at an abstract notion called "lifestyle," travel becomes just another accessory - a smooth-edged, encapsulated experience that we purchase the same way we buy clothing and furniture.
Nelson Algren, The Neon Wilderness|Giving up alcohol is an asceticism for the modern do-gooder, drinking being, like sex, a pleasure that humans have always indulged in, involving a loss of self-control, the renunciation of which marks the renouncer as different and separate from other people. To drink, to get drunk, is to lower yourself on purpose for the sake of good fellowship. You abandon yourself, for a time, to life and fate. You allow yourself to become stupider and less distinct. Your boundaries become blurry: you open your self and feel connected to people around you. You throw off your moral scruples, and suspect it was only those scruples that prevented the feeling of connection before. You feel more empathy for your fellow, but at the same time, because you are drunk, you render yourself unable to help him; so, to drink is to say, I am a sinner, I have chosen not to help.
Paul Valery|Every science consists in the coordination of facts; if the different observations were entirely isolated, there would be no science.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|He smiled then, and that smile was like the sunset, stretching from one end of her existence to the other, lighting her way not by sight, but with a slow kindle inside she knew would never leave her bereft for the sun's warmth.
Max Weber|Tolstoi has given the simplest answer, with the words: ‘Science is meaningless because it gives no answer to our question, the only question important for us: "What shall we do and how shall we live?"' That science does not give an answer to this is indisputable. The only question that remains is the sense in which science gives ‘no’ answer, and whether or not science might yet be of use to the one who puts the question correctly.
Andrew Motion|I've been working on the soprano saxophone for 40 years, and the possibilities are astounding. It's up to you, the only limit is the imagination.
Steve Jobs|When you get into your car, shut the door and be there for just half a minute. Breathe, feel the energy inside your body, look around at the sky, the trees. The mind might tell you, 'I don't have time.' But that's the mind talking to you. Even the busiest person has time for 30 seconds of space.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|I have loved no part of the world like this and I have loved no women as I love you. You're my human Africa. I love your smell as I love these smells. I love your dark bush as I love the bush here, you change with the light as this place does, so that one all the time is loving something different and yet the same. I want to spill myself out into you as I want to die here.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|Success is never achieved for when your think you reach it, something else grabs your interest.
Ray A., Practice These Principles: Living the Spiritual Disciplines and Virtues in 12-Step Recovery to Achieve Spiritual Growth, Character Development, and Emotional Sobriety|The more you appreciate, the more you have to appreciate.
John Burley, The Forgetting Place|The worst kind of loneliness, I think, is to be in the presence of those you love and have them treat you like you aren't there.
Mrs. Oliphant, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|An ordinary man can enjoy breakfasting on juice and rye bread.But when you are underfed, scorned, miserable or just plain bored, you don’t want to eat dull wholesome food.You want something a little more colourful, exciting, tastier, meatier and juicier.
Lana Del Rey|I was always an unusual girl.My mother told me I had a chameleon soul, no moral compass pointing due north, no fixed personality; just an inner indecisiveness that was as wide and as wavering as the ocean.
Jo Brand|My dad's a very sensitive man, but as the archetypal rebellious teenager, I didn't realise that.
Yehudi Menuhin|Why is compassion not part of our established curriculum, an inherent part of our education? Compassion, awe, wonder, curiosity, exaltation, humility - these are the very foundation of any real civilization.
Anna N.|Outside it was dark, but not as dark as it was inside of me.
Shannon L. Alder|Every disability conceals a vocation, if only we can find it, which will 'turn the necessity to glorious gain.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Every book is a revolution. Books are our ticket out of boredom, despair, loneliness—but also ignorance.
Neil Gaiman, MirrorMask|Along the pavement-colored hall doors stood half open on either side, all the way down; each one was numbered in bright bald tin, each one stood just so much ajar in the gas-lit corridor. Just enough to reveal half-dressed men and women waiting for the rain or about to make love or already through loving and about to get drunk; or already half drunk and beginning to argue about how soon it was going to rain or whose turn it was to run down for whisky or whether it was time to make love again or forget it for once and just wait for rain.
Lance Morcan, The Orphan Uprising|To witness the awe of human beings delighting in their own hands forming the written word was humbling and he understood it profoundly at that moment watching those two, with the ancient land around them, in their traditional robes and the resting camels by their campfire, intently regarding writing with such immense respect … that illiteracy meant subsistence, while literacy meant human advancement, the base on which higher achievements and accomplishments of great civilizations could be built.
John Fowles, The Magus|I was worse off than even Alison was; she hated life, I hated mysef. I had created nothing, I belonged to nothingness, to the néant, and it seemed to me that my own death was the only thing left that I could create.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld|I thought of you with your hair silver as snow all through that cold, slow journey from Sirle. I felt you troubled deep within me, and there was no other place in the world I would rather have been than in the cold night riding to you. When you opened your gates to me, I was home.
Tina Mag|If you want to learn new things in life, make you busy in finding new people.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I don't know that we are actually human at this point, those of us who are like most of us, who grew up with TV and movies and now the Internet. If we are betrayed, we know the words to say; when a loved one dies, we know the words to say. If we want to play the stud or the smart-ass or the fool, we know the words to say. We are all working from the same dog-eared script.It's a very difficult era in which to be a person, just a real, actual person, instead of a collection of personality traits selected from an endless Automat of characters. And if all of us are play-acting, there can be no such thing as a soul mate, because we don't have genuine souls.It had gotten to the point where it seemed like nothing matters, because I'm not a real person and neither is anyone else.I would have done anything to feel real again.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Do we follow the road life’s placed before us? Or do we dare step up and forge an exceptional path. A path fraught with struggle and sacrifice, Yet one whose outcome places us in destiny’s arms.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|Bullies don't like to fight, son. They like to win. Being afraid is normal. The only fight you really have to win is the one against the fear.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|It has always seemed absurd to suppose that a god would choose for his companions, during all eternity, the dear souls whose highest and only ambition is to obey.
Johann Joachim Becher|Do not look for rest in any pleasure, because you were not created for pleasure: you were created for spiritual joy. And if you do not know the difference between pleasure and spiritual joy you have not yet begun to live.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Because I feared I couldn't walk to Newton Centre without her, I needed to hike through desert, snow and woods alone.Childhood is a wilderness.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|There isn't much a pan of warm Brownies and a glass of milk will fix. In less it's low grain prices. Or poverty. Or the national debt. I guess there are a few things, but nothing you have to worry about right this minute.
J.D. Cunegan, Bounty|By all means, tell the cops about the crazy robot lady with the black leather body suit and the Kill Bill sword. Hope you like straitjackets.
Criss Jami, Healology|Angels are good not simply because they see bad as bad, but also because they see bad as corny.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Simply by being your absolute, most genuine self in every interaction of every hour, you provide a great and rare service on this earth.
Fred Barnett|Purrrrrrrr” Elizabeth kneaded Vlad's pecs. “I hear a Kitty!” Vlad’s eyes sprung open. There was a moment of hurt, of sad. There was no kitty. “You’re teasing me!" — Bats
Jon Ossoff|Anger is an unnecessary emotion. Loads of stuff in life can trigger it, but what matters is how you react. I choose not to react.
Simon Blackburn, Mirror, Mirror: The Uses and Abuses of Self-Love|whether they knew of didn't know is not the main issue; the main issue is whether a man is innocent because he didn't know. (...) by beating himself on the chest and proclaiming, "My conscience is clear! I did not know! I was a believer!" Isn't his "I did not know I was a believer!" at the very root of his irreparable guilt?
Tony Hoagland, Donkey Gospel|The enemy came to steal,kill and destroy our hero Steve Biko. He was chosen by God and no one can deny that.
Lara Biyuts|Every morning is a reason to begin living again… in case if you have had a good sleep. If not, then begin living again, anyway, and take care of yourself!
Denny Taylor, Rosie's Umbrella|This is the starting point, Daisy had said. It's the symbol for self. Its essence is water. Your relationship with yourself is primary, like water you must be willing to change. The Rune means to me that I must strive to live the ordinary life in a non-ordinary way. This is what it says in The Book of Runes. Take heart, in the spirit you are always beginning.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|This is where I go, when I go:It's a room with no windows and no doors, and walls that are thin enough for me to see and hear everything but too thick to break through.I'm there, but I'm not there.I am pounding to be let out, but nobody can hear me. This is where I go, when I go: To a country where everyone's face looks different from mine, and the language is the act of not speaking, and noise is everywhere in the air we breathe. I am doing what the Romans do in Rome; I am trying to communicate, but no one has bothered to tell me that these people cannot hear.This is where I go, when I go:Somewhere completely, unutterably orange.This is where I go, when I go:To the place where my body becomes a piano full of black keys only—the sharps and the flats, when everyone know that to play a song other people want to hear, you need some white keys.This is why I come back:To find those white keys.
Michael Bassey Johnson|she was polite, charming, and damn pretty. Braith wanted to hate her, but she just couldn’t. The bitch.
Tanya Masse, Stripping Away the Insanity of Life and Parenthood! (Volume 1) Paperback|The children seemed to cast their Precursors like shadows about the house, sometimes tangibly, in the sound of a voice, sometimes by suggestion, because it was striking the hour for their return from a walk, sometimes mysteriously, because inside the shell of their mother's head the children were painted like angels on the roof of a chapel.
Amit Kalantri|Every person is a project, God's project, I want to be the most profitable one.
Calvin Coolidge|...After all, the chief business of the American people is business. They are profoundly concerned with producing, buying, selling, investing and prospering in the world. I am strongly of the opinion that the great majority of people will always find these are the moving impulses of our life. But it is only those who do not understand our people, who believe that our national life is entirely absorbed by material motives. We make no concealment of the fact that we want wealth, but there are many other things that we want much more. We want peace and honor, and that charity which is so strong an element of all civilization. The chief ideal of the American people is idealism.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Be a lamp, or a lifeboat, or a ladder. Help someone's soul heal. Walk out of your house like a shepherd.
Henry Ward Beecher|You need to be clever to best him. Are you clever, Rach
Isaac Newton|Light is meaningful only in relation to darkness, and truth presupposes error. It is these mingled opposites which people our life, which make it pungent, intoxicating. We only exist in terms of this conflict, in the zone where black and white clash.
Madison Thorne Grey, Recompense|When the demons of criticism have fled the thoughts, the Angels of beauty preside - oh cheerful sweet world exorcised!
J.A. Clement, On Dark Shores: The Lady|The skeleton picked up the second skull, so worn as to barely be recognisable as such. The vertebrae fell and rolled like beads from a string.
Graham Swift, Mothering Sunday|Once upon a time, before the boys were killed and when there were more horses than cars, before the male servants disappeared and they made do, at Upleigh and at Beechwood, with just a cook and a maid, the Sheringhams had owned not just four horses in their own stable, but what might be called a 'real horse', a racehorse, a thoroughbred. Its name was Fandango. It was stabled near Newbury. It had never won a damn thing. But is was the family's indulgence, their hope for fame and glory on the racecourses of southern England. The deal was that Pa and Ma - otherwise known in his strange language as 'the shower' - owned the head and body and he and Dick and Freddy had a leg each.'What about the fourth leg?''Oh the fourth leg. That was always the question.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|For this wire is as a part of our body, as a vein torn from us, glowing with our blood. Are we proud of this thread of metal, or of our hands which made it, or is there a line to divide these two?
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|Once in a while, right in the middle of an ordinary life love knocks our doors, enters our lives & changes it forever. You start believing in dreams, you start making wishes & you start to trust your heart even more! That love holds your hands & makes you feel you are safer than ever; that love makes you believe that nothing can go wrong now; and oh that warm hug, which makes you want to spend your entire life then & there! That’s when you realise you are not living an ordinary life, but it’s a fairytale!
John Lydon|My first car was an '84 Ford Taurus. It caught on fire from me trying to change the fuel pump, so that wasn't good at all. Dried leaves on the ground while I was trying to change the fuel pump. Don't do that. Do it on concrete.
Onyi Anyado|From Time to Time, Upgrade your list of Gratitude as well as your Bucket list.
Ginny Brown-Waite|After the Great Depression and after public urging, a nationwide public competition was held to determine a design for a memorial that would honor President Thomas Jefferson's bold vision for westward expansion for America.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|What do we say to a guest who forgets her umbrella? Do we run after her and say "What is the matter with you? Every time you come to visit you forget something. If it's not one thing it's another. Why can't you be like your sister? When she comes to visit, she knows how to behave. You're forty-four years old! Will you never learn? I'm not a slave to pick up after you! I bet you'd forget your head if it weren't attached to your shoulders." That's not what we say to a guest. We say "Here's your umbrella, Alice," without adding "scatterbrain." Parents need to learn to respond to their children as they do to guests.
Lili St. Crow, Strange Angels|To Gran, “strong medicine” could be good or bad, just like the laxatives she was forevertalking about. Good for makin’ the mail move smooth, but too much and you shit yerbrains out.-strange angels
T.L. Manning|The smallest drop of rain can project the most beautiful of visions, all we have to do is look a little deeper. -T.L. Manning
N.L. Gervasio, Nemesis|Truly," remarked Nandi as we entered a darkened tunnel, "it is amazing that you have not died yet, mistress." "Well, hang in there. The night is young.
John Piper, God Is the Gospel: Meditations on God's Love as the Gift of Himself|Few religions are definite about the size of Heaven, but on the planet Earth the Book of Revelation (ch. XXI, v.16) gives it as a cube 12,000 furlongs on a side. This is somewhat less than 500,000,000,000,000,000,000 cubic feet. Even allowing that the Heavenly Host and other essential services take up at least two thirds of this space, this leaves about one million cubic feet of space for each human occupant- assuming that every creature that could be called ‘human’ is allowed in, and the the human race eventually totals a thousand times the numbers of humans alive up until now. This is such a generous amount of space that it suggests that room has also been provided for some alien races or - a happy thought - that pets are allowed.
Billy Bragg|Although he's regularly asked to do so, God does not take sides in American politics.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|You must not love yourself. I’ll tell you, mademoiselle … your life belongs to you. Only a matter of treating your life a little better and maybe life would treat you better in return.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Leaders fight hard wars againstinjustice and unfairness. Theybelieve that the truth is a weapon;when triggered, the lie dies.
Ovid, Fasti|The miracles of Jesus are nevertheless more than individual blessings. They are also symbols and types that reveal the full scope of Jesus' identity as the mighty Jehovah, the Creator, the one who provides for his people, and above all the Christ, who wrought the great Atonement, conquering sin and death. For people in every age Jesus can redeem from sin, change hearts and heal souls, strengthen and empower, and bring about a glorious resurrection, which are the greatest miracles of all.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|Despise your heart. I wanted to. I didn't want to grieve anymore, to feel loss or guilt, or worry. I wanted to be hard, calculating. I wanted to be fearless.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|We extend our best wishes to you, inhabitants of another world.After reading the following message, you should have a basic understanding of civilization on Earth. By dint of long toil and creativity, the human race has built a splendid civilization, blossoming with a multitude of diverse cultures. We have also begun to understand the laws governing the natural world and the development of human societies. We cherish all that we have accomplished.But our world is still flawed. Hate exists, as does prejudice and war. Because of conflicts between the forces of production and the relations of production, wealth distribution is extremely uneven, and large portions of humanity live in poverty and misery.Human societies are working hard to resolve the difficulties and problems they face, striving to create a better future for Earth civilization.The country that sent this message is engaged in this effort. We are dedicated to building an ideal society, where the labor and value of every member of the human race are fully respected, where everyone's material and spiritual needs are fully met, so that civilization on Earth may become more perfect.With the best of intentions, we look forward to establishing contact with other civilized societies in the universe. We look forward to working together with you to build a better life in this vast universe.
Delmore Schwartz|Killing you is not the worst thing they can do to you," I say. "Controlling you is.
Ruskin Bond, Rain in the Mountains: Notes from the Himalayas|And when the rains were over and it was October and the birds were in song again, I could lie in the sun on sweet-smelling grass and gaze up through a pattern of oak leaves into a blind-blue heaven. And I would thank my God for leaves and grass and the smell of things, the smell of mint and myrtle and bruised clover, and the touch of things, the touch of grass and air and sky, the touch of the sky's blueness.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Knowledge is not something which you learn and then remembers it for a while.But,knowledge is that which you learn,remembers it for eternity and use it when unexpected.
Barbara Cooney, Chanticleer and the Fox|I believe that children in this country need a more robust literary diet than they are getting. …It does not hurt them to read about good and evil, love and hate, life and death. Nor do I think they should read only about things that they understand. '…a man’s reach should exceed his grasp.' So should a child’s. For myself, I will never talk down to, or draw down to, children.(from the author's acceptance speech for the Caldecott award)
Dave Pelzer, Help Yourself: Finding Hope, Courage, And Happiness|Positive energy, positive actions.
Adam D'Angelo|I have learned throughout my life as a composer chiefly through my mistakes and pursuits of false assumptions, not by my exposure to founts of wisdom and knowledge.
Machado de Assis|I considered the case and realized that if something can exist in opinion without existing in reality, or exist in reality without existing in opinion, the conclusion is that of the two parallel lives, only opinion is necessary – not reality, which is only a secondary consideration.
Christopher Hitchens|We inherited these principles and these freedoms and we here highly resolve that we shall pass them on, as we will pass on an undivided Republic purged of racism and slavery, to our descendants. The popgun discharges of a few pathetic sectarians and crackpot revisionists are negligible, and will be drowned by the mounting chorus that demands: 'Mr Jefferson! BUILD UP THAT WALL'.
Alistair Overeem|Nearly every moment of every day, we have the opportunity to give something to someone else - our time, our love, our resources.
George Burns|You have to be very, very good looking to get ahead in motion pictures.
Peter Leithart|The Church's obsession with sexual restrictions is and always has been wrong wrong wrong. Wrong to be contemptuous of naïve young women like Philomena and me. Wrong to ignore the men involved in creating "illegitimate" children. Wrong to demonize gays while knowing full well how many men and women of the Church are gay. Wrong to excuse and hide criminal priests, transferring them to new, unsuspecting parishes. Wrong to think that forbidding consensual human sexuality is more important than Christ's message of compassion and forgiveness.
Dean Ornish|When most people think about my work, they think about diet. To me, diet has always been the least interesting part of it.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Letty's first false step was here: she said to herself _I can not_, and did not. She lacked courage--a want in her case not much to be wondered at, but much to be deplored, for courage of the true sort is just as needful to the character of a woman as of a man.
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|One thing I can assure you, life is not easy, but it can be simple. Focus on what's important and don't let your distractions derail you.
M.A. George, Proximity|I decided that a movie marathon was clearly in order. I tried to narrow down the options. Anything romantic was definitely out, as was anything involving space travel, kings, or handsome princes. Preferably there should be no good-looking men whatsoever, lest they remind me of Aeron. Sadly, that eliminated practically everything.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust|Diamond is the hardest substance, but the Irony, it is also brittle.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Zombie nerds. They probably had the flyers already made up for this. There was nobody creepier than the zombie nerds, college guys who not only watched zombie movies and read zombie novels and played zombie video games, but actually formed clubs and collected zombie-killing weapons. Gun shops around there actually stocked zombie targets, and special zombie bullets with glow-in-the-dark tips. Not toy bullets, mind you. These guys would go out in the woods and train and shoot and defend to the death their right to stay in childhood until age thirty-five.
Caroline B. Cooney|She had never had a daydream that dreamed itself, like nightmares. That crawled out of her brain like a creature of the dark. A daymare.
Nick Rahall|When our forefathers put down roots in desolate places, the thing that allowed them to survive was that they had a faith to see them through the tough times.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Since eternity, mankind has denied what was to be deeply understood and transformed, all the emotions that were primal in one's progress in higher consciousness, was subjugated, condemned so deeply that we are still struck with basic human body, making it impossible to transcend towards self-realization. All forms of art are just devices to go within, from outer to inner journey.
William Gibson|The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past.
Abigail Barnette, The Stranger|And I dare say most people don't think too deeply on sex, beyond what they've been taught through the media and society.
Randy Gardner|There's something about putting on a pair of skates, and getting out there and moving like nobody else can. Freedom is a word that comes to mind.
Caprice Crane, Stupid and Contagious|We didn't kiss," I said. Jules cocked an eyebrow. "We brushed lips.
Quentin R. Bufogle, Horse Latitudes|What's this business about the 'little man in the canoe?' If it's big enough for a canoe, it's too big for me.
Debra Winger|Indeed - judicious, consistent parenting is a dream of mine. No judgements, learning space and listening carefully are my goals.
Emil M. Cioran|The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Have you ever considered another type of loneliness; a good and healthy, happy loneliness?
John Hughes|It's a funny thing. I'll be in my home town of Columbus at a restaurant or something, and the waiter maybe asks, 'What do you do?' and I say, 'Oh, I'm in a band... Twenty One Pilots,' and he'll say, 'Cool, I'll check it out. I never heard of them.' And then I say, 'In September we're playing the Schottenstein Center,' and it's like, 'What?!'
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Variety is the Spice of Life. Voices come in all shapes, tones, and sizes. Some are compelling and effective, while others are grating and agitating.
Jacques Pepin|So I think you have to marry for the right reasons, and marry the right person.
Conan O'Brien|Cats are the runes of beauty, invincibility, wonder, pride, freedom, coldness, self-sufficiency, and dainty individuality - the qualities of sensitive, enlightened, mentally developed, pagan, cynical, poetic, philosophic, dispassionate, reserved, independent, Nietzschean, unbroken, civilised, master-class men.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Heroes don’t have the need to be known as heroes, they just do what heroes do because it is right and it must be done.
Odell Beckham, Jr.|I've always had a huge fear of dying or becoming ill. The thing I'm most afraid of, though, is being alone, which I think a lot of performers fear. It's why we seek the limelight - so we're not alone, were adored. We're loved, so people want to be around us. The fear of being alone drives my life.
Lea Davey, The Shack by the Bay|The thing about books was, the more you read and liked them, the more you wanted to have on hand to read. Before you knew it you needed more bookshelves, and then all of the sudden they filled your house.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you try to buy love, you will go bankrupt trying to possess it.
Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project|I've sequenced the questions for maximum speed of elimination,’ I explained. ‘I believe I can eliminate most women in less than forty seconds. Then you can choose the topic of discussion for the remaining time.’ ‘But then it won’t matter,’ said Frances. ‘I’ll have been eliminated.’ ‘Only as a potential partner. We may still be able to have an interesting discussion.’ ‘But I’ll have been eliminated.’ I nodded. ‘Do you smoke?’ ‘Occasionally,’ she said. I put the questionnaire away. ‘Excellent.’ I was pleased that my question sequencing was working so well. We could have wasted time talking about ice-cream flavours and make-up only to find that she smoked. Needless to say, smoking was not negotiable. ‘No more questions. What would you like to discuss?
Cherie Lunghi|Better pass boldly into that other world, in the full glory of some passion, than fade and wither dismally with age.
Beatrix Potter|In Summer there were white and damask roses, and the smell of thyme and musk. In Spring there were green gooseberries and throstles [thrush], and the flowers they call ceninen [daffodils]. And leeks and cabbages also grew in that garden; and between long straight alleys, and apple-trained espaliers, there were beds of strawberries, and mint, and sage.
Robert Harris|You start at a young age, going on auditions, and you think you did a good job and expect to get that role, and you don't, and it's a letdown, a disappointment. So you tell yourself to just do the work and disconnect, because you have no control over the outcome.
Jonathan Safran Foer|What about a teakettle? What if the spout opened and closed when the steam came out, so it would become a mouth, and it could whistle pretty melodies, or do Shakespeare, or justcrack up with me? I could invent a teakettle that reads in Dad’s voice, so I could fall asleep, or maybe a set of kettles that sings the chorus of “Yellow Submarine,” which is a song by the Beatles, who I love, because entomology is one of my raisons d’être, which is a French expression that I know. Another good thing is that I could train my anus to talk when I farted. If I wanted to be extremely hilarious, I’d train it to say, “Wasn’t me!” every time I made an incredibly bad fart. And if I ever made an incredibly bad fart in the Hall of Mirrors, which is in Versailles, which is outside of Paris, which is in France, obviously, my anus would say, “Ce n’étais pas moi!”What about little microphones? What if everyone swallowed them, and they played the sounds of our hearts through little speakers, which could be in the pouches of our overalls? When you skateboard down the street at night you could hear everyone's heartbeat, and they could hear yours, sort of like sonar. One weird thing is, I wonder if everyone's hearts would start to beat at the same time, like how women who live together have their menstrual periods at the same time, which I know about, but don't really want to know about. That would be so weird, except that the place in the hospital where babies are born would sound like a crystal chandelier in a houseboat, because the babies wouldn't have had time to match up their heartbeats yet. And at the finish line at the end of the New York City Marathon it would sound like war.
Stormie Omartian|Sloth may disguise itself as "conscientious work" and meet with various forms of public approval or success. But work that is not motivated by love for the life of the community, beyond the temporal and spatial confines of one's own small life, cannot free either worker or community from profound anxiety.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji|You are here to remind me of someone I long for, and what is it you long for yourself? We must have been together in an earlier life, you and I.
Jill Soloway|Lets talk about the holidays, more specifically, consumption during the holidays. If it's true that 'We are what we eat,' most of us would be unrecognizable during the period that ranges from the night before Thanksgiving through that day in early January when everyone decides to return to the gym.
Billy Sothern, Down in New Orleans: Reflections from a Drowned City|If people are troubled by their view, they ought to offer these New Orleanians, and black and poor people in the places like the Lower Ninth Ward around the country, a reason to believe otherwise.
Lauren Oliver, Annabel|I mean, yes, I did ask that. But that’s not the part that you should be caring about right now. You lied to me. Your involvement with weaponizing the Protogen project is fully exposed, and that question is like asking what color Tuesday was. It’s meaningless.
Fernando Pessoa, The Education of the Stoic|A tree's shade is worth more than the knowledge of truth, my sons, for a tree's shade is true while it lasts, and the knowledge of truth is false in its very truth. The leaves' greenness is worth more, for a right understanding, than a great thought, for the leaves, greenness is something you can show others, but you can never show them a great thought. We are born without knowing how to talk and we die without having known how to express ourselves. Our life runs its course between the silence of one who cannot speak and the silence of one who wasn't understood, and around it hovers — like a bee where there are no flowers — a useless, inscrutable destiny.
Cecil Rhodes|It is always sound business to take any obtainable net gain, at any cost and at any risk to the rest of the community.
Katie Kiesler, My Problem with Grace|May spending time with You be my first priority, may listening and obeying mark my life, may extravagant childlike joy and amazement mark my demeanor, may an openness to share your grace quickly and easily flow from me, may I seek your forgiveness and excitedly accept it.
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|I knew I was catching at straws; but in the wide and weltering deep where I found myself, I would have caught at cobwebs.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we fail to listen to music, we shall be miserable.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|My dear Gorgas,Instead of being simply satisfied to make friends and draw your pay, it is worth doing your duty, to the best of your ability, for duty’s sake; and in doing this, while the indolent sleep, you may accomplish something that will be of real value to humanity. Your good friend, ReedDr. Walter Reed encouraging Dr. William Gorgas who went on to make history eradicating Yellow Fever in Havana, 1902 and Panama, 1906, liberating the entire North American continent from centuries of Yellow Fever epidemics.
Zooey Deschanel|The spirit of man is more important than mere physical strength, and the spiritual fiber of a nation than its wealth.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|The author relates George Bernard Shaw's sentiments that polite conversation excludes the only two subjects that matter, religion and politics.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|When you are stressed on mind...to pour it out, is the behaviour, most kind!
Dinty W. Moore, The Mindful Writer: Noble Truths of the Writing Life|Words will never fully capture what is alive in our hearts.It would be a shame, though, if we denied our bears their dancing.
Eileen Granfors|Since being back in London everything seemed greyer, but clearer. She couldn't explain it. The strangest thing was she couldn't recall her New York self. She wanted that part of herself back, but she couldn't remember what it was like to be that Elle. She would catch a whiff of it, like the snatch of a song that still won't lead you to the chorus, and then it would be gone.
Amos Bronson Alcott|Regard every suggestion that your life may be a failure, that you are not made like those who succeed, and that success is not for you, as a traitor, and expel it from your mind as you would a thief from your house.
Peter J. Tanous|And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many.
Sheryl Crow|if it makes you happy, then why the hell are you so sad?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are not just for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong.
Laurie Matthew, Groomed: An Uncle Who Went Too Far, a Mother Who Didn't Care, a Little Girl Who Waited for Justice|I hear nothing. I hear nothing, but what does it mean that I hear nothing? I walk in the cemeteries of this city at night and I hear nothing. I walk among mortals and sometimes I hear nothing. I walk alone and I hear nothing, as if I myself had no inner voice.
Sanchita Pandey|Music with all its subtlety has immense power to unite people, spread love and bring peace in the world!
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|The value the world sets upon motives is often grossly unjust and inaccurate. Consider, for example, two of them: mere insatiable curiosity and the desire to do good. The latter is put high above the former, and yet it is the former that moves one of the most useful men the human race has yet produced: the scientific investigator. What actually urges him on is not some brummagem idea of Service, but a boundless, almost pathological thirst to penetrate the unknown, to uncover the secret, to find out what has not been found out before. His prototype is not the liberator releasing slaves, the good Samaritan lifting up the fallen, but a dog sniffing tremendously at an infinite series of rat-holes.
Abraham Lincoln|A democracy cannot exist as a permanent form of government. It can only exist until the majority discovers it can vote itself largess out of the public treasury. After that, the majority always votes for the candidate promising the most benefits with the result the democracy collapses because of the loose fiscal policy ensuing, always to be followed by a dictatorship, then a monarchy.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It may take a village to raise a baby, but hell! it takes an army to produce a book.
Tabatha Coffey|Be as smart as you can, but remember that it is always better to be wise than to be smart.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|Kent had begun sleeping with his good eye open, for he knew the mark of sedition when he saw it. Even partway blinded, who could see it better?
Louis Simpson|Hart caressed the letters of baby Graham’s name. “Mac likes to say, We’re Mackenzies. We break what we touch. But this little Mackenzie… he broke me.
Sandesh limbu|Respect, love, Trust; Every such things works both ways. If yeu want someone to respect yeu, yeu must respect that someone too.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|A responsible Warrior is not someone who takes the weight of the world on his shoulders, but someone who has learned to deal with the challenges of the moment.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Brother Cadfael knew better than to be in a hurry, where souls were concerned. There was plenty of elbow-room in eternity.
Frank Cottrell Boyce|Sometimes life hits with a brick in the head, don't lose hope".-Steve Jobs.
Anne Rice|If you want to keep a secret, don't tell anyone!
John Marsden, The Other Side of Dawn|I knew then the answer to my question; the question I’d asked myself many times during this war, and many more times since it ended. When would I be able to put the war behind me? When would I be able to forget it? And I knew now that the answer was simple.Never. I never would. Some things end. But war never does.
Christian D. Larson|Expression is saying what you wish to say, Impression is saying what others wish to hear.
Richard Ronald Allan|How would it alter Juliet’s love perception to learn the sea is but a rounded jug of water? Would her sensuous analogy turned simple simile unveil to her the limits of herself? Or would she forget the ocean, that deplorable casket, and turn on the true bottomless tumbler, the only running tap: the sky? It may have lost the title ‘heavens’ when its gods were dethroned, but its infinity reigns. So long as you walk, it reigns. So long as I talk and you listen, there’s a voice and ears to keep it active, moving, and reason to say: look! infinity lives. And when we and the other consciousnesses pass, though it in part dies with us, still it reigns. It will, in a sense, plod on, like a lifeless coffin through its own space, sails set for nothing, unstoppable when trailing its fabric.
Debolina Bhawal|I've allowed myself to lead this little life, when inside me there was so much more.
Plato, Euthyphro. Apology. Crito. Phaedo. Phaedrus.|Piety, then, is that which is dear to the gods, and impiety is that which is not dear to them.
James Madison|We should not just consume hydrocarbon fuel but use it to develop nuclear energy, hydro power and renewable energy sources.
Dwayne Johnson|A novel is a work of poetry. In order to write it, one must have tranquility of spirit and of impression.
Margaret Landon|A thought experiment courtesy of the Stoics. If you are tired of everything you possess, imagine that you have lost all these things.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|There are some people who through hurts do not feel they are good enough and this is a destroyer of their self-images. As a true believer of your dream, you need to see yourself as God sees you. God sees you as his own handiwork and that is pretty great to carry you through!
Rabindranath Tagore, The Home and the World|I have never been able to make out," I began, "why women are so shy about being caught reading poetry.We men--lawyers, mechanics, or what not--may well feel ashamed. If we must read poetry, it should be at dead of night, within closed doors. But you women are so akin to poesy. The Creator Himself is a lyric poet, and Jayadeva must have practised the divine art seated at His feet.
Mallory Jansen|I love cooking during Christmas, all smells like the hot apple cider, the hot spiced wine.
Ikechukwu Joseph|One way to handle the discrepancy between our beliefs and our sinful inclinations is to repent, pray for grace and forgiveness, and struggle on in the belief that God will forge a greater harmony for us out of our battle with sin. That is the Christian approach. ~ p.75
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|Teachers' favorite color ink, splashed and dripped down his face a grisly reminder of mistakes bruising his life.
A.E.  Jones|Six years of dreams would end in eternal love, or an eternity of loss.
Mitch Lucker|I mean, reality sucks. The world is a cancer, and shits so bad it’s scary. Everything’s filthy. But you know what? One day, it’s not going to be here. So be glad you know what life is. You’re alive. Live.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|It might be worthwhile to take a familiar question—why is there so much crime in modern society?—and stand it on its head: why isn't there a bit more crime?After all, every one of us regularly passes up opportunities to main, steal, and defraud. The chance of going to jail—thereby losing your job, your house, and your freedom, all of which are essentially economic penalties—is certainly a strong incentive. But when it comes to crime people also respond to moral incentives (they don't want to do something they consider wrong) and social incentives (they don't want to be seen by others as doing something wrong).
Chantal Sutherland|I started writing stories in sixth grade. But writing wasn't cool, like being good at sports, or being part of the in crowd, or winning fights on the playground.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|I guess that we all need freedom, we all have a reason why we are here, but the most annoying thing is that we're mostly lost in our way, we are mostly wrong about things around us, Which it drives us nowhere than somewhere.
David Graeber, Revolutions in Reverse: Essays on Politics, Violence, Art, and Imagination|Like any dissidents they were neurotic archivists. Agree, disagree, show no interest in or obsess over their narrative of history, you couldn't say their didn't shore it up with footnotes and research.
Thomas Pynchon|There are places we fear, places we dream, places whose exiles we became and never learned it until, sometimes, too late.
R.J. Palacio|Everything is connected to everything else, and nothing is without consequence
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The closer the relationship, the greater the opportunities for intimacy. However the greater the opportunity the closer to offence. (A bit deep). Nobody can really make you mad more than someone that you really love. Nobody can hurt you like the somebody you have given your heart to.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|Why does a human body become deceased?The reason is that as long as the human body is not free from suffering, mind cannot be happy. If a man lacks enthusiasm, either his body or mind is in a deceased condition.... Now what saps the enthusiasm in man? If there is no enthusiasm, life becomes drudgery - a mere burden to be dragged. Nothing can be achieved if there is no enthusiasm. The main reason for this lack of enthusiasm on the part of a man is that an individual looses the hope of getting an opportunity to elevate himself. Hopelessness leads to lack of enthusiasm. The mind in such cases becomes deceased.... When is enthusiasm created? When one breaths an atmosphere where one is sure of getting the legitimate reward for one's labor, only then one feels enriched by enthusiasm and inspiration.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Selected Essays|To go into solitude, a man needs to retire as much from his chamber as from society. I am not solitary whilst I read and write, though nobody is with me. But if a man would be alone, let him look at the stars.
Anonymous|In order for one to be converted to the 'dark' side he/she must have a complete understanding of the 'light' side With it's understanding we all would want to defy, overpower, or destroy what it is capable of.
Winston S. Churchill|Still, if you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a precarious chance of survival. There may even be a worse case. You may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves.
Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy|There is a widespread philosophical tendency towards the view which tells us that Man is the measure of all things, that truth is man-made, that space and time and the world of universals are properties of the mind, and that, if there be anything not created by the mind, it is unknowable and of no account for us. This view, if our previous discussions were correct, is untrue; but in addition to being untrue, it has the effect of robbing philosophic contemplation of all that gives it value, since it fetters contemplation to Self. What it calls knowledge is not a union with the not-Self, but a set of prejudices, habits, and desires, making an impenetrable veil between us and the world beyond. The man who finds pleasure in such a theory of knowledge is like a man who never leaves the domestic circle for fear his word might not be law.
Jeffrey D. Sachs|The energy and daring is to resist the noes, until the final yes has been achieved.
Steven Redhead, Keys to The Laws of Creation|Open your mind to the infinite possibilities that exist for you. Born through your dreams, crystallised into form by your desires, given impetus by your expectations, then made real through your beliefs.
Vinnie Jones|Even when you have doubts, take that step. Take chances. Mistakes are never a failure - they can be turned into wisdom.
Baruch Spinoza|Looks are temporary and don't mirror what's inside. And usually, a great looking man is so vain. Maybe most good-looking women are too. I hope I'm not!
Haresh Sippy|Healthy debating enforces critical thinking principles - looking at things from the different angles, with increased perspective and less prejudgment.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|When we get our money, you can burn kruge to keep you warm.""I'm going to pay someone to burn my kruge for me.""Why don't you pay someone else to pay someone to burn your kruge for you? That's what the big players do.
Noureen DeWulf|Jiro Ono serves Edo-style traditional sushi, the same 20 or 30 pieces he's been making his whole life, and he's still unsatisfied with the quality and every day wakes up and trains to make the best. And that is as close to a religious experience in food as one is likely to get.
Patricia C. Wrede, Searching for Dragons|The cat is beauty and the beast, a baffling blend, a wicked feast.For all who dream of varied light, the cat holds both the dark and bright.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|Was there anyone in this world who could taste something delicious-economic freedom and political reform-a taste that was salty and fattening and sweet and promising, and only be satisfied with one mouthful? Who would wait patiently for nearly a billion people to also have a taste? No, anyone would try to get a second mouthful, a third, a whole bowl for themselves.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Sometimes I feel like we are the same, but sometimes, like right now, I feel the separation between our personalities like I've just run into a wall.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|You may fancy yourself safe and think yourself strong. But a chance tone of color in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play. I tell you Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
H.W. Brands|The very lack of explicit pressure was itself a compelling force, for it created a world in which the expectation of success was simply there, a fact of life as basic as breakfast.
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|It's politics . . . It makes everybody stupid. When you grow up, you'll know what I mean.
Victoria Caro, Trapped in a Dream|...if Faith shows up in your dreams again tonight, do yourself a favor and dream on.
Cory Booker|All religions and all communities have the same rights, and it is my responsibility to ensure their complete and total protection. My government will not tolerate or accept any discrimination based on caste, creed and religion.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|We checked our bags and got on line with some of our fellow passengers. Judging from the looks of them, it was clear that they were members of a different income bracket from the people I preferred to surround myself with. But since I also wasn't from the income bracket I preferred, I held off on voicing my initial feelings of despair.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|You know those afternoons," he asks, drawing a shaking breath, "where you’re just going along, doing fine, and then afternoon comes and it feels like you’ve just got the wind knocked out of you and everything is wrong?" He sighs and slowly pushes himself so he’s sitting upright. His shoulders are slumped. "That’s all," he says. "It’s just one of those afternoons."We are silent for a minute. Then he lies back down on the couch.I should say I love him. I should say it will be all right. But it won’t.I walk down the hall to my bedroom. I lie down on my side and stare at the wall, the blue-flowered wallpaper next to my nose. Despite my best efforts, I start to cry.I know those afternoons.
Diana Gabaldon, Lord John and the Haunted Soldier|This meaning-argument is of a very different kind from the arguments I have been speaking about so far. The premise entails the conclusion all right, but it is so astoundingly false that it defies criticism, at first, by the simple method of taking the reader's breath away. This was a method which the neo-Hegelian idealists later perfected: reasoning from a sudden and violent solecism. Say or imply, for example, that in English “value” means the same as “individuality.” You can be miles down the track of your argument before they get their breath back.  This method is not only physiologically but ethologically sound. Of course it should never be used first. You need first to earn the respect of your readers, by some good reasoning, penetrating observations, or the like: then apply the violent solecism. Tell them, for example, that when we say of something that it is a prime number, we mean that it was born out of wedlock. You cannot go wrong this way. Decent philosophers will be so disconcerted by this, that they will never do the one thing they should do: simply say, “That is NOT what ‘prime number’ means!” Instead, they will always begin … [by] casting about for an excuse for someone’s saying what you said, or a half-excuse, or a one-eighth excuse; nor is there any danger that they will search in vain.
Rita Dove|'Orphan Black' allows for people to have debates and theories and allegiances to different characters - to trust characters and hate other characters - but it doesn't tell you who is good or bad or right or wrong. That's the most exciting storytelling, in my book.
Timothy Joshua|Pluviophile -I remember how we began –you smiling,me falling,like the rain.
Leo Tolstoy, Walk in the Light & Twenty-Three Tales|As a house can be only be built satisfactorily and durably when there is a foundation, and a picture can be painted only when there is something prepared to paint it on, so carnal love is only legitimate, reasonable, and lasting when it is based on the respect and love of one human being for another.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|Had a couple of drinks by myself. It was a mistake. Have I got to give up drinking, too? If I eliminate everything, how will I exist? I was somebody who loved Maurice and went with men and enjoyed my drinks. What happens if you drop all the things that make you I?
Brian Cox|A physicist, an engineer and a psychologist are called in as consultants to a dairy farm whose production has been below par. Each is given time to inspect the details of the operation before making a report.The first to be called is the engineer, who states: "The size of the stalls for the cattle should be decreased. Efficiency could be improved if the cows were more closely packed, with a net allotment of 275 cubic feet per cow. Also, the diameter of the milking tubes should be increased by 4 percent to allow for a greater average flow rate during the milking periods."The next to report is the psychologist, who proposes:"The inside of the barn should be painted green. This is a more mellow color than brown and should help induce greater milk flow. Also, more trees should be planted in the fields to add diversity to the scenery for the cattle during grazing, to reduce boredom."Finally, the physicist is called upon. He asks for a blackboard and then draws a circle. He begins: "Assume the cow is a sphere....
Bilal Tanweer, The Scatter Here is too Great|Living in this city, you developed a certain relationship with violence and news of violence: you expected it, dreaded it, and then when it happened, you worked hard to look away from it, because there was nothing you could do about it - not even grieve, because you knew that it would happen again and maybe in a way that was worse than before. Grieving is possible only when you know you have come to an end, when there is nothing more to follow. This city was full of bottled-up grief.
Michael  Jackson|Each song is a child I nourish and give my love to. But even if you have never written a song, your life is a song. How can it not be?
Russell T. Davies, Doctor Who: The Writer's Tale|Writing is such an industry now. In many ways, that's a good thing, in that it removes all the muse-like mystique and makes it a plain old job, accessible to everyone. But with industry comes jargon. I was aware that jargon was starting to fill those growing shelves of Writer's Self Help books, not to mention the blogosphere. Wherever I looked, the writing of a script was being reduced to A, B, C plots, Text and Subtext, Three Act Structure and blah, blah, blah. And I'd think, that's not what writing is! Writing's inside your head! It's thinking! It's every hour of the day, every day of your life, a constant storm of pictures and voices and sometimes, if you're very, very lucky, insight.
Lauren DeStefano, Fever|I wish to live without hate, whim, jealousy, envy, and fear. I wish to be simple, honest, frank, natural . . to face any obstacle and meet every difficulty unabashed and unafraid.
Alexandria Marzano-Lesnevich, The Fact of a Body: A Murder and a Memoir|In the books I find the thrum of everything unsayable. The characters weep the way I want to, love the way I want to, cry, die, beat their breasts, and bray with life.
Lea Michele|Listen, I think movies serve many different purposes, from those movies that are frivolous and just an entertainment, to movies that just go to exploring the complexities of the human soul. Everything is valid if it's done with honesty and dignity, and I actually do both of those types of movies in my career.
Mary Quant|I'm bad on Valentine's Day, but even worse on Christmas. I go shopping at nine o'clock on December 24th every year. Nobody else is there. I'm in Toys'R'Us all by myself. I get there five minutes before closing.
Irina Serban, Full Circle|The best teacher you'll ever have is yourself. I'm not your teacher! I'm here only to show you the way towards what you already know, and also, show you a way to find out what you don't know but feel that it exists.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|A young nurse, someone new whom he didn't recognise, came up to Henry and patted him on the arm. "Are you a friend or a family member?" She whispered the question in his ear, trying not to disturb Sheldon. The question hung there like a beautiful chord, ringing in the air. Henry was Chinese, Sheldon obviously wasn't. They looked nothing alike. Nothing at all. "I'm distant family," Henry said.
Jennifer  Patterson, Queering Sexual Violence: Radical Voices from Within the Anti-Violence Movement|Whatever it was, she knew she would not be blamed for it, she was blameless. But what use had that been to her in the past, to be blameless? So at the same time she felt guilty, and as if she was about to be punished.
Yves Behar|A jellyfish is little more than a pulsating bell, a tassel of trailing tentacles and a single digestive opening through which it both eats and excretes - as regrettable an example of economy of design as ever was.
Tom Vilsack|Under Superintendent Johnson's leadership, our police department is on a path to earn the respect of every community in the City of Chicago.
Francesca Marciano, Casa Rossa|Are you lovers?""Excuse me?""Do you mind my asking you?""Yes.""It's off the record.""Then why do you need to know?"Daniel Moore smiled. A large, happy smile."Because I would like to ask you to dinner.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|As women glide from their twenties to thirties, Shazzer argues, the balance of power subtly shifts. Even the most outrageous minxes lose their nerve, wrestling with the first twinges of existential angst: fears of dying alone and being found three weeks later half-eaten by an Alsatian.
Charles de Leusse|I very specifically told you to stay away from Ned Blydon.""I chose not to follow your advice. Ned is a very nice person. Handsome, personable—a perfect escort.""That is precisely why I wanted you to keep him at arm's length.
Sunday Adelaja|We have one hundred percent chance of achieving what God has called us to, even if we are starting from scratch
Mercedes Lackey, Alta|Rnesh karr slithis," I hissed back, which was Draconic for eat your own tail, the dragon version of go screw yourself. No extra translation needed.
Anthony Liccione|Ripples of karmic events are best humbly done in an artistic, significant, unique karmic harvests without any forms of retaliation.
Emma Cline, The Girls|At that age I looked at women with brutal and emotionless judgement. Assessing the slope of their breasts, imagining how they would look in very crude positions.
Rebecca McKinsey|You see the mistakes of one system—the surveillance—and the mistakes of the other—the inequality—but there’s nothing you could have done in the one and nothing you can do now about the other. She laughs wryly. “And the clearer you see that, the worse you feel.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|If I had not grown up in Nigeria- and if all I knew of Africa were of popular images- I too would think that africa was a place of beautiful landscapes, beautiful animals and incomprehensible people fighting sensless wars, dying of poverty and aids- unable to speak for themselves and waiting to be saved by a kind white foreigner.
Nikita Gill|He shook his head. "No, we do. I may be a little buzzed and really fucking horny, but I also need you to know that I love you. I should have said it the first time months ago, and I will keep saying it every damn day. I love you more than every single star in the Louisiana sky above us.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|If you change the atmosphere, You can change the outcome!
Clive Barker, The Scarlet Gospels|I'm supposed to feel like it’s such a great apartment, but I don’t. It’s the right price, there are no bugs and it’s got a great view, but it’s the lair of Satan...
Tracey Ullman|I'm sure that my parents' behavior has entered my work, I'm sorry to say. I don't think you need to have a difficult childhood to be funny, but it helps.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Accept changes in others, as much as you would want them to accept changes in you.
Alain Delon|This happiness consisted of nothing else but the harmony of the few things around me with my own existence, a feeling of contentment and well-being that needed no changes and no intensification.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|A novel is not an allegory, I said as the period was about to come to an end. It is the sensual experience of another world. If you don't enter that world, hold your breath with the characters and become involved in their destiny, you won't be able to empathize, and empathy is at the heart of the novel. This is how you read a novel: you inhale the experience. So start breathing.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|The function of a nutrient is to become transmuted, not to leave unaltered traces.
Skye Elf|You were chasing stones forever, forgetting the diamond within you
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|I had a crush on Percy," Nico spat. "That's the truth. That's the big secret.
Leviticus 19 18 NIV|If you keep on retaliating what you receive, you'll be stuck in a infinite abyss of revenge and vendetta.
John Hawkes, Travesty|No order, no pattern, just chaos. Lots of little universes separated by invisible screens . . .
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|Oh yeah, well I suddenly realises that she’d only been with my boyfriend at the Co-op Christmas do when I were eighteen. So I grabs her head and I stuck it through a display of them Muller’s rices and I told her. That’s for shagging Kevin Cooper you stupid fucking cunt.
Debasish Mridha|When someone uses the power of their love, they feel strong, courageous, and enthusiastic.
Farshad Asl|The best thing I’ve learned, and still believe, is that I don’t have to be perfect to start, I have to start... so I can begin learning and growing.
George Eliot|Corporate tax reform is nice in theory but tough in practice. It most likely requires lower tax rates and the closing of loopholes, which many companies are sure to fight. And whatever new, lower tax rate is determined, there will probably be another country willing to lower its rate further, creating a sad race to zero.
Simon Fowler|One of the most important responsibilities in the Christian life is to care about others, smile at them, and be a friend to the friendless.
Lori Jenessa Nelson|Rare and powerful harmonies exist,Shaping both scent and contour in a flower.Thus brilliance lies unseen by us until,Beneath the chisel, it blazes in the diamond.And thus do images of fleeting vision,Drifting above like cloud-forms in the sky,Once turned to stone live on from age to age,Held always in a faultless, polished phrase.("A Sonnet To Form")
Erik Pevernagie|Some details in life may look insignificant but appear to be vital leitmotifs in a person's life. They may have the value of "Rosebuds" of Citizen Kane or "Madeleine cookies" of Marcel Proust or "Strawberry fields" of the Beatles. People regularly walk down the memory lane of their early youth. The paper boats of their childhood are recurrently floating on the waves of their mind and bring back the mood and the spirit of the early days. They enable us to retreat from the trivial, daily worries and can generate delightful bliss and true joy in a sometimes frantic and chaotic life. ("Paper boats forever" )
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|Because', she said, 'your problems are not real problems. You're dating two beautiful girls at once. Think about it. That's like...having rock-star problems.''Having rock-star problems may be the closest I ever get to being an actual rock star.
Rae Carson, The Bitter Kingdom|Well, we'll have no more of such foolishness," I say harshly, to cover the wavering in my voice. "We're getting married, and that's that.
Danielle Rocco, Labeled Love|The sooner growing older is stripped of reflexive dread, the better equipped we are to benefit from the countless ways in which it can enrich us.
Sunday Adelaja|Your expenses will rise to meet your increased income, unless you are on a mission.
Chris Stewart|You can tempt me, desert me, or cause me great pain; you can create a dark world that my cause me to fear; you can rule your world with blood and terror, that's true.But you can't win. And I know that. Weak as I am, with my imperfections and sins, even with all of my failing, I am stronger than you.I will soon have a body. And I have my agency now. I will increase in my faith and knowledge and power. I am not perfect, but I will be, and there's not a thing you can do! I will become like the Father if I follow the Son. You are powerless to stop me. You can threaten and tempt and whisper lies in my ear, but you can't stop me, Satan; I see that so clearly now! I can stop myslef, yes, but only if I follow you.And I reject you temptations. I reject your whispered lies. I reject you, Lucifer, and your entire plan. You have no power to control me. I am in control of myself. And try as you might, you won't control me on earth. We will defeat you in heaven, and we will deafeat you on earth. Here, or the earth, it doesn't matter; I am always stronger than you.
Samuel Goldwyn|I feel lucky because I was a nerd, which I talk about in the book, but I had academic success, so through that, because that's what my parents put a great deal of value on, I had a great childhood because I sort of fulfilled the expectations of being good at school.
Candace Watters|This is not another book about seeking fulfillment in your singleness. As beings created in God’s image, we were designed for relationship—that’s why extended singleness leaves so many women discontent. It’s also why we should be intentional about finding fulfillment in marriage. Getting married isn’t just something that’s ‘nice if it happens.’ Marriage is what most of us are called to pursue.
P.J. Parker, America Túwaqachi: The Saga of an American Family|No words in our ledgers could do justice to this sublime beauty,” Captain Lewis said. “The expedition should have brought a camera obscura.”Peter wasn’t familiar with the words, but no matter. He knew he was part of something magnificent—something greater than himself or the Corps of Discovery. And he knew what it was. It was America. And it was beautiful.
Robert F. Kennedy|I believe luck is preparation meeting opportunity. If you hadn’t been prepared when the opportunity came along, you wouldn’t have been lucky.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|If you have a definite purpose with a plan, you will definitely reach it.
Nicole  Williams|Listen, listen!" I interrupted her. "Forgive me if I tell you something else.... I tell you what, I can't help coming here to-morrow, I am a dreamer; I have so little real life that I look upon such moments as this now, as so rare, that I cannot help going over such moments again in my dreams. I shall be dreaming of you all night, a whole week, a whole year. I shall certainly come here to-morrow, just here to this place, just at the same hour, and I shall be happy remembering today. This place is dear to me already. I have already two or three such places in Petersburg. I once shed tears over memories ... like you.... Who knows, perhaps you were weeping ten minutes ago over some memory.... But, forgive me, I have forgotten myself again; perhaps you have once been particularly happy here....
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|And she says, “Then let’s just take the effing road and get ourselves to Hav
Richelle E. Goodrich|Someone described a writer's world as tormented, and I had to laugh.  A tormented writer?  I personally wouldn't have put those two words together.  Emotions have the power to torment a soul, yes, I agree to that.  But writers, through the formation of our characters, delve so often into the depths of a vast range of emotions that we earn the advantage.  For we've examined every little thrumming, fracture, spark, pang, and darkening of the heart to a point that we understand and appreciate the necessity and strength of emotions as well as the cause and effects manipulating them.  We understand.  We can imagine.  We sympathize.  Our knowledge is power over the torment of emotional ignorance.  I would suggest that those truly tormented are the readers of our works because those poor souls shall never know with such clarity and sentiment all the tiny little details that make our characters breath, move, and live before our very eyes.  Perhaps, if torment does lurk among writers, it comes simply through knowing more about an imagined friend than can ever be adequately expressed in words.
Debasish Mridha|If you like to be immortal, live for others and die for others.
Charles F. Stanley|Fear stifles our thinking and actions. It creates indecisiveness that results in stagnation. I have known talented people who procrastinate indefinitely rather than risk failure. Lost opportunities cause erosion of confidence, and the downward spiral begins.
Shikin Shimizu|Waqt masiha haeh, har gham ko samaa lega, Lekin waqt haeh, waqt lega. (Time is a messiah, every sorrow it shall contain. But time it is and time it shall take.)
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|He stood straight then, moving to stand directly in front of me as he dropped low and bowed dramatically. "Your Majesty.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Keep to active learning. You must learn, research and be so passionate about new ways and methods of doing things to be and remain relevant.
Ebelsain Villegas|There's that moment every day when you look in the mirror: Are you committed, or are you not? Commitment is a big part of what I am and what I believe. How committed you are to winning? How committed you are to being a good friend? To being successful?
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|The only way he could have her was to shatter this stubborn faith of hers. In doing so, would he shatter her? "What has this god of yours ever really done for you?" She stood very still for a long moment, her back to him. "Everything.
Ellie Goulding|Before breaking into music, I had various jobs: forklift driver, driving a courier. But I was forced into working rather than doing it off my own bat because that was my dad's way: you got a job and paid your way.
Martin Feldstein|Left to me, the whole purpose of government is for the security of the citizens, like the security of lives and property.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|And I feel that I am a man. And I feel that a man is a very important thing - maybe more important than a star. This is not theology. I have no bent toward gods. But I have a new love for that glittering instrument, the human soul. It is a lovely and unique thing in the universe. It is always attacked and never destroyed - because 'thou mayest'.
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|Having it all is just too much hassle. I'm not every-woman. I'm a working woman. And I'm not entirely sure I see the oint of being as dexterous in the kitchen as I am at my desk. If Mr. Y is perfectly satisfied with pre-packaged sushi every night, then far be it from me to raise his hopes with all sorts of homey behavior. The secret, I have discovered, is to manage expectations. If he doesn't expect it, then he's hardly going to be disappointed to discover he may never again eat a home-cooked meal. Or indeed, ever eat again.
Clive Barker|Making movies is a very different experience in a lot of ways. It's difficult when you're used to owning the copyright and having a landlord's possessory rights - I rent my plays to the companies that do them and, if I'm upset, I can pull the play. But the only two directors I've worked with are pretty great.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you focus on bitterness, you destroy your life.
Charlie Watts|An oligarchy of race, where the Saxon rules the African, might be endured; but this oligarchy of sex which makes father, brothers, husband, sons, the oligarchs over the mother and sisters, the wife and daughters of every household... carries discord and rebellion into every home of the nation.
Dosung Yoo, Thunderous Silence: A Formula for Ending Suffering: A Practical Guide to the Heart Sutra|Refutations of the views of inherently existent production are not just refutations of rival systems but should be taken as a branch of the process of overcoming one's own innate sense that things are inherently produced. The innate non-analytical intellect does not conceive cause and effect to be either the same, or inherently different, or both, or neither; however, if the objects that the intellect misconceives as inherently existent did in fact inherently exist, they would necessarily exist in one of these four ways. Thus, through eliminating these four possibilities, the inherently existent products that are the objects of this innate ignorance are shown to be non-existent. By attacking in this way the falsely conceived object, the falsely conceiving subject is gradually overcome. The false subject is removed by overcoming belief in the false object.
Larry Hagman|A lot of times on tour it's about, 'OK, where am I today? Wow, I'm in Costa Rica. What is their famous dish?' And it's about trying the food, and really experiencing it.
Madame de Stael|Neither current events nor history show that the majority rule, or ever did rule.
Martin Luther, On Christian Liberty|What a pure blessing it was to have a bath in a tub alone in a room where all you had to do was pump the water, not tote buckets. Then all you had to do was pull out the cork, not tote more buckets to the back porch--that kind of thing is easy to take lightly until you don't have it.
Julia Restoin Roitfeld|My dream job would be to design a sexy maternity collection, maybe also beautiful lingerie for expecting women. It's impossible to find nice sexy lingerie anywhere for pregnant or nursing women, which is when you actually need an extra boost of confidence and feel sexy.
Hendrik Willem van Loon, The Story of Mankind|The world demands I make good choices on no information, and then blames my maidenhood for my mistakes, as if my maidenhood were responsible for my ignorance. Ignorance is not stupidity, but it might as well be. And I do not like feeling stupid.
Stephen Moffat|What's a horse doing on a spaceship" "What's pre-revolutionary France doing on a spaceship? Mickey, get a little perspective!"Dr. Who "The Girl In The Fireplace
Olga Grushin, The Line|Quote from "A la bulgaro":"So long time has passed since those days, and since that story, which is still vivid in my memory, and even more vivid than all the rest. Some times I stay alone in my work - room here, in my father's old mansion in Pasadena, and I look through the old, yellow pages again and again. Then I go back to the north part which is furnished in my style, with many colored Bulgarian carpets and blankets (special kind of Bulgarian blankets with long fur), I make my coffee in a cooper coffee - pot, which has been brought from there, and my thoughts wonder to those absurd memories of mine...Very often some friends ask me - what is that unusual memories of yours? I can't explain to them, better say I don't want to, and I always avoid the answer by saying - a la Bulgaro - in a Bulgarian way..."Oh, yes, yes"...
Sanober  Khan|When admiring other people's gardens, don't forget to tend to your own flowers.
Nalini Singh, Blaze of Memory|Dev?" This time, she got a grunt. Smiling, she pressed her lips to his jaw, loving the roughness under her lips. "I like sex."She saw the edge of a smile, and it made her own lips curve. "I really like it." Rubbing her heel over the back of his leg, she ran her hand down his muscled arm, wanting only to touch him. "When can we do it again?"He sounded like he was chocking as he said, "You're not acting like a Psy.""Maybe if they tried sex with you, the others would change their minds, too.
Vince Lombardi|The world of sports knows no religious, racial or political differences. Athletes, from whatever land they come, speak the same language. The lessons of competition are lessons for life.
John Ruskin|Your desire to advise other people, grows in line with your perception...that assumes you're wiser than them.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|Seriously, I think it is a grave fault in life that so much time is wasted in social matters, because it not only takes up time when you might be doing individual private things, but it prevents you storing up the psychic energy that can then be released to create art or whatever it is. It's terrible the way we scotch silence & solitude at every turn, quite suicidal. I can't see how to avoid it, without being very rich or very unpopular, & it does worry me, for time is slipping by , and nothing is done. It isn't as if anything was gained by this social frivolity, It isn't: it's just a waste.
Marika Christian, Phone Kitten|Wisdom of the Ages: "Brian Williams Week" Just like me in 2003, it looks like Brian Williams ended up "Between Iraq and a Hard Place.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|We photographers deal in things which are continually vanishing, and when they have vanished there is no contrivance on earth which can make them come back again. We cannot develop and print a memory.
Gina Conkle, The Lady Meets Her Match|Her feet moved into the vast space, but all she couldsee was Cyrus. He strode through the room the way acaptain commands his ship. Was it possible his maroon bruise made him more dashing? He was a fine sight in a black broadcloth coat. Hersalacious gaze dropped to a brass button lower on hiswaistcoat. The metal glimmered, winking at her withflirtatious intent very near the tuft of hair she rememberedso well at his navel. The corner of Cyrus’s mouth crooked. If shelooked ready to devour him, he read the message onher face, no words required. “Claire.” He said her name like a treasured sound. Then, herlandlord bent low over her hand, kissing her knucklesand keeping her fingers in a tender hold.Her flesh sung a merry tune recalling how she’dgripped those broad shoulders of his in a fit of passion.Was that only two nights ago? Her cheeks turned hotat the memory. Cyrus rose to his full height, holding her hand. Heplanted a kiss on her forehead. “Mmmm…” he hummed approvingly. “You smellof almonds.” His lips lingered on her hairline, givingher another soft kiss. “And vanilla, I think. Somethingyou cooked?” He breathed in her scent, standing close yet notintimidating in the least. His own smell was cleanand starched with a hint of coffee. She reached high,touching his face like a woman with every right topartake of the feast he offered. “It’s face powder.” One finger stroked the smoothsquare of his jaw, her voice curving with amusement. “Today I join the ranks of ladies who meet for luncheon,and I can’t be sure if I’ve been lured here orgoaded by one very challenging man put on earth toharass my senses.” She caressed his jaw, the grain of his skin smoothto the touch. He must’ve shaved in the last hour. Hismouth quirked sideways, pressing the maroon bruisehigher up his cheek. “Something tells me you’re the perfect woman tosoothe such a man or put him in his place.” His pewterstare flicked over her exposed skin, settling on hercleavage. “As to your senses, I shall treat them withthe utmost care.
Roger Kimball, The Long March: How the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s Changed America|Contrary to popular belief, some animals would not have each chosen to be a human being, if they were given the choice between being what they are and being human.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|So what is it that you are doing - seeking security in your restlessness? The desire to be secure is one of the most curious things. And that security must be recognized by the world; I don't know whether you see this. I write a book and in the book I find my security. But that book must be recognized by the world, otherwise there is no security. So look what I've done - my security lies in the opinion of the world!...So it means I am deceiving myself constantly.
C. JoyBell C.|When you trust and you lose— it is because you were wrong to trust and what you believed was merely a phantom. But when you doubt and you lose— it is because in your wanting so much not to be wrong, you lost something that was entirely beautiful for you. More is lost, in the end, by those who doubt. I would rather lose the phantom.
Veronica Franco, Poems and Selected Letters|So sweet and delicious do I become,when I am in bed with a manwho, I sense, loves and enjoys me,that the pleasure I bring excels all delight,so the knot of love, however tightit seemed before, is tied tighter still.
Akiroq Brost|Life is a lot easier when you make peace with yourself. When you forgive yourself. When you stop tormenting yourself over the past or things you have no control over. When you live in acceptance of who and what you are instead of fighting with yourself every day. Loving yourself is vital. Love will heal your heart and the relationship you have with yourself. When you find peace with yourself, when you learn to love yourself everything in your life will be so much easier. You will have a stable place to work from. You will have a home within yourself. You will have a greater inner strength you can draw from. Make peace with yourself first.
Alen Joans|What befalls me couldn’t have missed me, and what misses me could not have befallen me.
Richard Dreyfuss|If there is any principle of the Constitution that more imperatively calls for attachment than any other it is the principle of free thought, not free thought for those who agree with us but freedom for the thought that we hate.
Julian Barnes, Metroland|Cut privet still smells of sour apples, as it did when I was sixteen; but this is a rare, lingering exception. At that age, everything seemed more open to analogy, to metaphor, than it does now. There were more meanings, more interpretations, a greater variety of available truths. There was more symbolism, Things contained more.
William Golding|It seems to me that we do live in two worlds... there is this physical one, which is coherant, and there is the spiritual one, which to the average man with his flashes of religious experience, is very often incoherant. This experience of having two worlds to live in all the time, or not all the time, is a vital one, and is what living is like.
Ellen Herrick, The Sparrow Sisters|It was as Frank said: the Sparrow Sisters Nursery had quite a reputation. Sally told Henry about the Nursery that was now a landmark in the town. The plants that grew in tidy rows, the orchids that swayed delicately in the beautiful glass greenhouses, and the herbs and vegetables sown in knot gardens around the land were much in demand. Sorrel had planted a dense little Shakespeare garden as a tribute to her reading habits. The lavender, rosemary, roses and honeysuckle, clematis and pansies, creeping thyme and sage were not for sale in that garden, but Sorrel would re-create versions of it for clients whose big houses on the water needed the stamp of culture, even if their owners had little idea what their lovely gardens meant.
René Daumal, Mount Analogue|I think I possess because I do not try to give,Trying to give, I see that I have nothing.
Sri Aurobindo|The existence of poverty is the proof of an unjust and ill-organised society, and our public charities are but the first tardy awakening in the conscience of a robber.
V. Vale, Modern Primitives: An Investigation of Contemporary Adornment and Ritual|A tattoo is a true poetic creation, and is always more than meets the eye. As a tattoo is grounded on living skin, so its essence emotes a poignancy unique to the mortal human condition.
Michael Meade, Fate and Destiny, The Two Agreements of the Soul|As long as our voiced were in harmony, it didn't matter that our accents were at war.
Charlie Maclean, Unforgettable|I wish I had the talent to paint the way I feel about you, for my words always feel inadequate. I imagine using red for your passion and pale blue for your kindness; forest green to reflect the depth of your empathy and bright yellow for your unflagging optimism. And still I wonder: can even an artist's palette capture the full range of what you mean to me?
Toni Sorenson|The crucial distinction can be discerned by differentiating between deification, an ontological sharing in the Godhead in which the human literally becomes divine, and theosis, a participation in the life of God the Father through union with Jesus Christ by the power of the Holy Spirit which the human becomes truly human.
Paul Beatty|I stared in awe at the Lincoln Memorial. If Honest Abe had come to life and somehow managed to lift his bony twenty-three-foot, four-inch frame from his throne, what would he say? What would he do? Would he break-dance? Would he pitch pennies against the curbside? Would he read the paper and see that the Union he saved was now a dysfunctional plutocracy, that the people he freed were now slaves to rhythm, rap, and predatory lending, and that today his skill set would be better suited to the basketball court than the White House?
Kanye West|I believe in myself like a five-year-old believes in himself. They say look at me, look at me! Then they do a flip in the backyard. It won't even be that amazing, but everyone will be clapping for them.
Zig Ziglar|You’re beautiful and wild and kind, and I can’t stop thinking about you.” A sunny, foolish smile breaks across his face. “It’s wrong and stupid and wonderful, Zahra. I didn’t mean for it to happen, but here I am. I love you.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|When I read obituaries I always note the age of the deceased. Automatically I relate this figure to my own age. Four years to go, I think. Nine more years. Two years and I'm dead. The power of numbers is never more evident than when we use them to speculate on the time of our dying.
Glenn Hefley|It is the bane, and pleasure when creating Romance fiction, to know immersion and fulfillment for the reader are based on clarity. Clarity of plot, clarity of message, clarity of the characters, clarity of the changes going on inside of them, clarity of the darkest moment -- but don't you dare be obvious ~ Persuasion for the Endowment of Sex Appeal (Academic Paper)
Grant Morrison, Supergods: What Masked Vigilantes, Miraculous Mutants, and a Sun God from Smallville Can Teach Us About Being Human|If our shallow, self-critical culture sometimes seems to lack a sense of the numinous or spiritual it's only in the same way a fish lacks a sense of the ocean.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Save your work, you may never know when the light will go off.
Dawn Powell|The human comedy is always tragic, but since its ingredients are always the same—dupe, fox, straight, like burlesque skits—the repetition through the ages is comedy.
Annie Dillard, For the Time Being|You can live as a particle crashing about and colliding in a welter of materials with god, or you can live as a particle crashing about and colliding in a welter of materials without god. But you cannot live outside the welter of colliding materials.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Ignore those that make you fearful and sad, that degrade you back towards disease and death.
Cassandra Duffy|Like other women who sought equality, the amount of trouble I cause is inversely proportional to my physical size.
Julia Quinn, Everything and the Moon|I don't hate it here," she said automatically. Surprising herself, she realized that as much as she'd been trying to convince herself otherwise, she was telling the truth. "It's just that I don't belong here."He gave her a meloncholy smile. "If it's any consolation, when I was growing up, I didn't feel like I belonged here, either. I dreamed about going to New York. But it's strange, because when I finally escaped this place, I ended up missing it more than I thought I would. There's something about the ocean that just calls to me.
Lou Gehrig|As a person, I have a lot of different sides to me, and I genuinely just embrace them. I don't think, 'Oh, I gotta put on my cool face now!'
