Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|And what about the lovers who spend hours staring into each other's eyes? Is it a display of trust? I will let you in close and trust you not to hurt me while I'm in this vulnerable position. And if trust is one of the foundations of love, perhaps the staring is a way to build or reinforce it. Or maybe it's simpler than that. A simple search for connection.To see.To be seen.
Rita Mae Brown|I come from a real working class background, and I didn't know anyone sophisticated - except I saw Edie Sedgewick once at the Art Museum in Philly. She had these black leotards and little black pumps and this big ermine cape and all these white dogs and black sunglasses and black eyes. She was classy!
Jack Campbell, Dauntless|Your father died for me, and dying with you would be an honor, though not as great as dying to save you.
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|There is nothing spiritual about a marriage that uses guilt, blame, shame or religious manipulations to keep a relationship together.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|I did it the hard way ( a poem)_________________________Many of the big dreams I dreamt,I dreamt, when I met a failed attempt.Life taught me to believe thatGreat ideas can start from a wretched hut.Many of the strongest steps I took,I took, when I was given the fiercest look.My passion pokes me to understandThat people’s mockeries, I can withstand.Many of the fastest speeds I gained,I gained when I was bitterly stained.I first thought the only way was to quitAs I tried again, I no longer have guilt.Many of the bravest decisions I made,I made, when my life was about to fade.I was frustrated and ripe to sink.But then I strive to release the ink.Many of the longest journeys I started,I started, having no resource; money partedI relied on God my creator all dawn longAnd at dusk He gave me a new song.Many of the hardest questions I tackled,I tackled, when I was heckled.They were very troublesome to settleBut I make it happen little by littleYet, it was not I, but the Lord JesusThe saviour who gives me success.In Him, through Him and by HimI have the liberty to do everything with vim.I don’t want to enjoy this liberty alone.You too must step out of your comfort zone.It’s not easy, but you can do it anyway.Jesus is the life, the truth and the way.___________________________Israelmore Ayivor
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I shrug. I don't really need to explain this to Aaron. He's been demoted from most important friend to friend, and he's going to have to earn that, even. And you know what else? I don't owe people anything, and I don't have to talk to them any more than I feel I need to.
A.E. Housman|Now hollow fires burn out to black,And lights are fluttering low:Square your shoulders, lift your packAnd leave your friends and go.O never fear, lads, naught’s to dread,Look not left nor right: In all the endless road you treadThere’s nothing but the night.
Stephanie Herseth|I always voted at my party's call, and I never thought of thinking for myself at all.
Gabriel García Márquez|If God hadn't rested on Sunday, He would have had time to finish the world.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Nothing...They're from nothing,' he said. 'They came in the book...I found the book and inside were these flowers...They were in the book when I bought it... I bought it used...Because they meant something."'To someone else.' 'To someone.
Scott Herring|History gives us the facts, sort of, but from literary works we can learn what the past smelled like, sounded like, and felt like, the forgotten gritty details of a lost era. Literature brings us as close as we can come to reinhabiting the past. By reclaiming this use of literature in the classroom, perhaps we can move away from the political agitation that has been our bread and butter—or porridge and hardtack—for the last 30 years.
Bill Richardson, Bachelor Brothers' Bed & Breakfast|The conversation progressed, bumper-car style, to a very heated discussion about death and the survival of the soul. It amazes me that we, as a species, can argue so fervently over something that is, when all is said and done, unknowable and unprovable. Nonetheless, we all arrive at conclusions and cleave to our certainties: that there is nothing but the Void; or that we will find ourselves writing an admissions exam at the Pearly Gates.
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|OctoberO love, turn from the changing sea and gaze,Down these grey slopes, upon the year grown old,A-dying 'mid the autumn-scented hazeThat hangeth o'er the hollow in the wold,Where the wind-bitten ancient elms infoldGrey church, long barn, orchard, and red-roofed stead,Wrought in dead days for men a long while dead.Come down, O love; may not our hands still meet,Since still we live today, forgetting June,Forgetting May, deeming October sweet? - - Oh, hearken! hearken! through the afternoonThe grey tower sings a strange old tinkling tune!Sweet, sweet, and sad, the toiling year's last breath,To satiate of life, to strive with death.And we too -will it not be soft and kind,That rest from life, from patience, and from pain,That rest from bliss we know not when we find,That rest from love which ne'er the end can gain?- Hark! how the tune swells, that erewhile did wane!Look up, love! -Ah! cling close, and never move!How can I have enough of life and love?
Mehmet Murat ildan|No war has ever won in the history, because people died in every single war! Where there are deaths, there is no victory!
D.H. Lawrence, Apocalypse|We are so overwhelmed with quantities of books, that we hardly realize any more that a book can be valuable, valuable like a jewel, or a lovely picture, into which you can look deeper and deeper and get a more profound experience very time. It is far, far better to read one book six times, at intervals, than to read six several books.
Deyth Banger|You like my quotes..., because of what???You know me??You think that you understand me... or why??
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|I don't think the world is the way we like to think it is. I don't think it's one solid world, but many, thousands upon thousands of them--as many as there are people--because each person perceives the world in his or her own way; each lives in his or her own world. Sometimes they connect, for a moment, or more rarely, for a lifetime, but mostly we are alone, each living in our own world, suffering our small deaths.
Putu Wijaya, Gres|Saya akan lebih mendulukan kebenaran-kebenaran universal, bukan hutang budi, bukan kewajiban moral dan bukan juga pengabdian buta.
Rose Lerner, True Pretenses|‎"If there is no discipline, there is anarchy. Good citizenship demands attention to responsibilities as well as rights.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Wisdom is made complete with knowledge, understanding and good judgement.
Gore Vidal, Point to Point Navigation|Hamlet misspoke, Strawl decided. It is consciousness that makes cowards of us all, not conscience. Right and wrong are venomless when compared to the simple awareness of being alive. The knowledge that existence can equal something past the sum of our circulation and digestion, that those corporeal purposes serve a galaxy of space between a man's ears, whose suns and planets obey his own peculiar science, but one in which he alone recognizes the order, and only in glimpses, epiphanies that melt before he can speak or even think them--and the knowledge even this distant self is not his possession but belongs to others weighing and judging the dim and distant light he emits.
Scarlett Dawn, King Hall|She tasted like a Chateau Margaux, perfectly rounded, slightly plumy with an aftertaste of ripe berries.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|depression in its major stages possesses no quickly available remedy: failure of alleviation is one of the most distressing factors of the disorder as it reveals itself to the victim, and one that helps situate it squarely in the category of grave diseases.
William Gibson|What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, CELLOGIRLS: Identity and Transformation in 2CELLOS Fan Culture|Great was the work of creation, but greater was the work of redemption. Great wisdom was seen in making us—but more miraculous wisdom in saving us. Great power was seen in bringing us out of nothing—but greater power in helping us when we were worse than nothing. (...) In the creation, God gave us ourselves; in the redemption, He gave us Himself.
Sarra Manning, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me|Is it love, or is it attachment? Do you want to love her, or do you want to control her?
C.J. Sansom, Dissolution|How men fear the chaos of the world, I thought, and the yawning eternity hereafter. So we build patterns to explain its terrible mysteries and reassure ourselves we are safe in this world and beyond.
Debasish Mridha|You see beauty, not with your eyes, with your beloved heart.
Alden Bell, Exit Kingdom|Honesty Is Soul Of Love"Laila Majnu,Shirin Farhad,Romeo Juliet,These love stories are immortal,ideal love stories ,not because of love but because of honesty,honesty which they keep hold for their beloved,Love is there in every love story but not honesty so Only love story which has honesty its become Immortal and ideal love story.
Thomas Merton, Thomas Merton on St. Bernard.|The East is unfamiliar with those confessions, memoirs, and autobiographies so beloved in the West. There is a clear difference in tonality. One's gaze never lingers on the suffering humanity of Christ, but penetrates behind the kenotic veil. To the West's mysticism of the Cross and its veneration of the Sacred Heart corresponds the eastern mysticism of the sealed tomb, from which eternal life eternal wells up.
Cindy Ann Peterson, My Style, My Way: Top Experts Reveal How to Create Yours Today|Good posture is important for health reasons, as well as for your appearance, because it reflects your personal attitude.
Jim Butcher, White Night|But you'd get arguments from all kinds of people that the Bible has got to be perfect. That God would not permit such errors to be made in the Holy Word.""I thought God gave everyone free will. Which would presumably - and evidently - include the freedom to be incorrect when translating one language into another.""Stop making me think. I'm believing over here.
Joe C., Beyond Belief: Agnostic Musings for 12 Step Life: Finally, a Daily Reflection Book for Nonbelievers, Freethinkers and Everyone|Who am I? What am I doing here? Who are these others? This trilogy of spiritual conundrums is as practical as it is philosophical. Mindful inquiry devoted to these three questions is as spiritual as it is material and as obvious as it is unanswerable. Knowledge isn’t to comfort our souls; it is to enhance awareness—that is what some call an awakening. Some things have to be believed to be seen. Feelings articulate truth in ways that our brains cannot. We may have a sense about who we are, what our purpose is and how we relate to the rest of the world even without the vocabulary to articulate it. Recovery is visceral as much as it is intellectual. The Eleventh Step is our spiritual barometer, feeding back sensations, feelings and thoughts as we observe our life.
Craig Ferguson|Violence?"Skulduggery said. "Violence is never the answer, until it's the only answer.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|God has left sin in the world in order that there may be forgiveness: not only the secret forgiveness by which He Himself cleanses our souls, but the manifest forgiveness by which we have mercy on one another and so give expression to the fact that He is living, by His mercy, in our own hearts.
|Strive to always please your inner positive self, and those who truly matter would be highly pleased with your way of life.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|You can read in the space of a coffin, and you can write in the space of a toolshed meant for mowers and spades.
Bjorn Lomborg|When I come home, it's about my kid, who needs to eat, needs to do homework, and needs to get to basketball. I don't have a lot of time to think about me.
Fredg Morales|Darkness is going into the Unknown as we are ignorant of this place, until we understand and go and learn of the light, which is the truth bringing knowledge ..
Beth Moore|To a man without a country, He appeared a joint sojourner. To Joshua armed but afraid, He came a valiant warrior.To Moses raised up on the mount, He was the One yet higher. To Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, He was the fourth man in the fire.To Elijah who stood as one for God, he was never less alone. For Noah's faithful family, He made an ark their home. To Ezekiel He appeared to be the light cast over the dark. To King David running from the throne, He was the true Monarch. To Daniel at the bite of death, He was the lock upon their jaws. To King Solomon who'd had it all, He was the only worthy cause. To a sinking fisherman, He was life upon the water. To a grieving Jairus, He was life unto his daughter.To a woman at the well, He was complete acceptance. To a doubting Thomas, He was the proof for his reluctance. To a dozen throwbacks from the world, He unleashed His awesome power. From a greedy grave of several days burst forth his finest hour."~Things pondered
Lierre Keith|I want my life to be a battle cry, a war zone, an arrow pointed and loosed into the heart of domination: patriarchy, imperialism, industrialization, every system of power and sadism.
Anne Enright|Maybe I stepped into the skin my mother left behind, and became the girl my mother had been, the one she still wanted to be. Maybe I was wearing her youth now like an airy scarf, an accessory, all bright nerves and sticky pearls, and maybe that's why she spent so much time staring at me with that wistful look in her eyes. I was wearing something of hers, something she wanted back. It was written all over her face.
Dee Dee Artner|When it's about your life, it's time to be selfish.
Swavin Joysury|I am not scared of you, I am scare of these feelings.
Simone Weil, Gravity and Grace|To love purely is to consent to distance, it is to adore the distance between ourselves and that which we love.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Creating True Peace: Ending Violence in Yourself, Your Family, Your Community, and the World|Fifteen years ago, a business manager from the United States came to Plum Village to visit me. His conscience was troubled because he was the head of a firm that designed atomic bombs. I listened as he expressed his concerns. I knew if I advised him to quit his job, another person would only replace him. If he were to quit, he might help himself, but he would not help his company, society, or country. I urged him to remain the director of his firm, to bring mindfulness into his daily work, and to use his position to communicate his concerns and doubts about the production of atomic bombs.In the Sutra on Happiness, the Buddha says it is great fortune to have an occupation that allows us to be happy, to help others, and to generate compassion and understanding in this world. Those in the helping professions have occupations that give them this wonderful opportunity. Yet many social workers, physicians, and therapists work in a way that does not cultivate their compassion, instead doing their job only to earn money. If the bomb designer practises and does his work with mindfulness, his job can still nourish his compassion and in some way allow him to help others. He can still influence his government and fellow citizens by bringing greater awareness to the situation. He can give the whole nation an opportunity to question the necessity of bomb production.Many people who are wealthy, powerful, and important in business, politics, and entertainment are not happy. They are seeking empty things - wealth, fame, power, sex - and in the process they are destroying themselves and those around them. In Plum Village, we have organised retreats for businesspeople. We see that they have many problems and suffer just as others do, sometimes even more. We see that their wealth allows them to live in comfortable conditions, yet they still suffer a great deal.Some businesspeople, even those who have persuaded themselves that their work is very important, feel empty in their occupation. They provide employment to many people in their factories, newspapers, insurance firms, and supermarket chains, yet their financial success is an empty happiness because it is not motivated by understanding or compassion. Caught up in their small world of profit and loss, they are unaware of the suffering and poverty in the world. When we are not int ouch with this larger reality, we will lack the compassion we need to nourish and guide us to happiness.Once you begin to realise your interconnectedness with others, your interbeing, you begin to see how your actions affect you and all other life. You begin to question your way of living, to look with new eyes at the quality of your relationships and the way you work. You begin to see, 'I have to earn a living, yes, but I want to earn a living mindfully. I want to try to select a vocation not harmful to others and to the natural world, one that does not misuse resources.'Entire companies can also adopt this way of thinking. Companies have the right to pursue economic growth, but not at the expense of other life. They should respect the life and integrity of people, animals, plants and minerals. Do not invest your time or money in companies that deprive others of their lives, that operate in a way that exploits people or animals, and destroys nature.Businesspeople who visit Plum Village often find that getting in touch with the suffering of others and cultivating understanding brings them happiness. They practise like Anathapindika, a successful businessman who lived at the time of the Buddha, who with the practise of mindfulness throughout his life did everything he could to help the poor and sick people in his homeland.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|Apart from its famous healing properties, manuka has a strong, woody flavour.
John  Adams|Women in my country take their rights for granted and completely dissociate themselves from the women's rights movement and feminism. But I think anything's possible. If I don't help the women in Afghanistan, they won't be around to help me.
Hermann Hesse, Wandering|Thoughts and sorrows seem to have remained on the other side of the mountains. Between tormented men and hateful deeds, a person has to think and sorrow so much! Back there it is so difficult and so desperately important to find a reason for staying alive. How else should a person go on living? Sheer misery makes one profound.
Christopher Brookmyre, Bedlam|I suppose there are some advantages to this place,' he admitted. 'I bet it's fucking raining in Stirling.
Nyona Matende|When the society missteps, it's the youth who first fall sideways.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|Tell me something good about your life," I whispered, needing to hear that he wasn't as broken as I thought him to be.Peter breathed into the handset for about two minutes. I began wondering if he was about to hang up, or had fallen asleep, when he answered. "You." It was so quiet I almost didn't hear it. And then he hung up before I could ask him to repeat himself.I fell asleep, grinning, with the phone still clutched in my hand and my milk souring on the coffee table.
Israelmore Ayivor|Spread your courtesy across the door posts of everyone you know, but reserve your intimacy with the little trustworthy friends who are going where you are going. Get it simply: wide courtesy, narrow intimacy!
T.D. McKinney, Kissing Sherlock Holmes|You remarked once in a fit of pique you had made me famous. You were wrong, my dear. You have made me.
Jettie Necole, The Vault|Thanks, for saving me.”“I didn’t have a choice,” he said softly.“Everyone has a choice.”“Then mine was easy.”“Easy?”He chuckled. “Olivia, my choice will always be simple when it comes to you...
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|A woman who writes has power, and a woman with power is feared.
Nora Roberts, The Villa|I don't understand', I say,'why they care what I think, as long as I'm acting how they want me to.''You're acting how they want you to now', he says,'but what happens when your Abnegation-wired brain tells you to do something else, something they don't want?
Lisa Mantchev, Perchance to Dream|Yeah, you’re right about having entire rooms full of film and photos… in that Sydney Mines house I have a darkroom, I have boxes of film and home movie footage… I have a few projectors, I have piles of Kodachrome slides… I like photographs. The world is always running away from society and the only way to keep the stuff that’s happened in the past is by taking photographs, I can keep memories of things alive with photographs,” Alecto responded. “People say that a time machine can’t be invented, but they’ve already invented a device that can stop time, cameras are the world’s first time machines… The steel mill, the coal mines, the train tracks, the smog in the sky, I’ve been able to rescue it on super-8 and Kodachrome, and no one can remediate those photographs, I can keep them as long as I want to.
Sunday Adelaja|All humans are important to God, so treat them all with love
Cassandra Giovanni, Flawed Perfection|I know a womanwho keeps buying puzzleschinesepuzzlesblockswirespieces that finally fitinto some order.she works it outmathmaticallyshe solves all herpuzzleslives down by the seaputs sugar out for the antsand believesultimatelyin a better world.her hair is whiteshe seldom combs ither teeth are snaggledand she wears loose shapelesscoveralls over a body mostwomen would wish they had.for many years she irritated mewith what I considered hereccentricities-like soaking eggshells in water(to feed the plants so thatthey'd get calcium).but finally when I think of herlifeand compare it to other livesmore dazzling, originaland beautifulI realize that she has hurt fewerpeople than anybody I know(and by hurt I simply mean hurt).she has had some terrible times,times when maybe I should havehelped her morefor she is the mother of my onlychildand we were once great lovers,but she has come throughlike I saidshe has hurt fewer people thananybody I know,and if you look at it like that,well,she has created a better world.she has won.Frances, this poem is foryou.
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|A good book, he had concluded, leaves you wanting to reread the book. A great book compels you to reread your own soul. Such books were for him rare and, as he aged, rarer. Still he searched, one more Ithaca for which he was forever bound.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|He possesses the minimum sensibility necessary for his intelligence not to be merely mathematical, the minimum a human being needs so that it can be proven with a thermometer that he's not dead.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Please don’t tell me, it was less painful than a broken backbone, a forgotten poem, a lost home.
Nahisha McCoy|It only takes one minute to find a really good book, but it can give you a lifetime of memories when you read a really good book that leaves you with lasting impression.
Ben Macallan, Desdaemona|She pouted prettily, and he wondered if that was one of the things they taught wealthy young girls at schools like Miss Porter's. If not, it had been passed down from one generation to another as carefully as the secret of fire.
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|I am lost without you. I am soulless, a drifter without a home, a solitary bird in a flight to nowhere. I am all these things, and I am nothing at all. This, my darling, is my life without you. I long for you to show me how to live again.
Allyson Felix|If a man can beat you, walk him.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise know much, but pretend to know little; the ignorant know little, but pretend to know much; and the foolish know nothing, but pretend to know all.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Agility: The Rocky Road from Doing Agile to Being Agile|Culture should be a business ‘app,’ everyone can apply it daily.
Louis de Bernieres|We all know how powerful the web can be for raising political money. Well, if you're game, the Duke Cunningham Legal Defense Fund is apparently ready to accept your donation.
Kendra Wilkinson|The blood of Christ covers all of our sins, but each of us must do personal business with God in order to experience his forgiveness.
Michael S. Horton, Christless Christianity: The Alternative Gospel of the American Church|There is nothing better - nothing - than knowing that the risen Christ lives right now in heaven, singing over his people - singing over me - with love. 
Hugo Wolf|I appear at times merry and in good heart, talk, too, before others quite reasonably, and it looks as if I felt, too, God knows how well within my skin. Yet the soul maintains its deathly sleep and the heart bleeds from a thousand wounds.
Bradley B. Dalina|Building a trust to a friend or to anyone else is like sewing a an elegant gown, once betrayed the string or needle breaks and gonna need to replace them.The relationship will go on but it will never have the same treatment.
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Mercy|Look before you leap. Don't take risks lightly. Make sure someone is watching your back. Safety is a shifting illusion, move with it," Grandpa recited in Hadadian before leaning forward and adding his own little ending, "And pray. Trust that God knows best, in every situation.
Nina LaCour, We Are Okay|The trouble with denial is that when the truth comes, you aren't ready.
John Dominic Crossan, The Historical Jesus: The Life of a Mediterranean Jewish Peasant|It is impossible to avoid the suspicion that historical Jesus research is a very safe place to do theology and call it history, to do autobiography and call it biography.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|Every book has a soul, the soul of the person who wrote it and the soul of those who read it and dream about it.
Tony DiTerlizzi, A Hero For WondLa|Any ape can reach for a banana, but only humans can reach for the stars.
Lemony Snicket, The Carnivorous Carnival|Someone who normally moved so slowly, this time, for once, was long gone.
G.I. Gurdjieff|With thorns in the inner world there will always be roses in the outer world, in law-able compensation.
Robert Burton Robinson, Bicycle Shop Murder|One must live with all, e'en if life be hell: Crime makes shame, not monetary stricture
Khaled Al-ostath|I write. I imagine. The act of imagining in itself enlivens me. I invent characters. At times I feel as if I am digging up people from the ice in which reality enshrouded them. I write because I could not tell her that my life has fallen into categories. I write because I am no longer able to see the spark in her eyes! I write because she used to read my words but she is no longer by me to read! I admit, sometimes, I wish if I can sleep for the rest of the life! Does this really makes sense?
Jean-Christophe Valtat, Luminous Chaos|If we are continuing to attract partners that are emotionally unavailable, then it’s essential that we observe our own addictive patterns rather than focusing on theirs.
Dorothy Parker|If you want to know what God thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The real question of life after death isn't whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves.
P. J. O'Rourke|Feeling good about government is like looking on the bright side of any catastrophe. When you quit looking on the bright side, the catastrophe is still there.
Gary Inrig, The Parables: Understanding What Jesus Meant|I do not want God to give me what I want; I trust Him to give me what I need. The truth is, He is infinitely wiser than I am. If we always get what we ask for, I for one will cease to pray.
Joseph Delaney, The Spook's Sacrifice|It's safe to say that 'Horror,' as a fictional genre, has claim to it's own canon. There is a definite history that can be traced back to the origins of human language, both orally and written, and now multimedia based. We at this point, have access to the full gambit of 'genre' Horror in all its hybrid forms (electronically at least). Sub-genres ensure that Horror can and will multiply in its complexities and evolve along with human fears.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|Because hope comes from in you, and wishes are just magic.
Friedrich Max Müller, India: What it Can Teach Us|Truthfulness is a luxury, perhaps the greatest, and let me assure you, the most expensive luxury in our life—and happy the man who has been able to enjoy it from his very child hood.
Michael Hastings, The Operators: The Wild and Terrifying Inside Story of America's War in Afghanistan|Basically, financial reporting is this sinking hole at the centre of journalism. You start by swimming around it until finally, reluctantly, you can't fight the pull anymore and you get sucked down the drain into the biz pages.
Baltasar Gracian|TV requires a lot more patience. No one's ever like, 'I gotta get up at 5 A.M. and write my stand-up!' It's an easy life. With 'Silicon Valley,' it's long hours and very unglamorous.
Wade Boggs|One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad.
Mark Twain, On the Decay of the Art of Lying|I lied," I said. ..."I know it," he said."Then do something about it. Do anything, just so it's something.""I cant," he said."There aint anything to do? Not anything?""I didn't say that," Grandfather said. "I said I couldn't. You can.""What?" I said. "How can I forget it? Tell me how to.""You cant," he said. "Nothing is ever forgotten. Nothing is ever lost. It's too valuable.""Then what can I do?""Live with it," Grandfather said."Live with it? You mean, forever? For the rest of my life? Not ever to get rid of it? Never? I cant. Dont you see that I cant?""Yes you can," he said. "You will. A gentleman always does. A gentleman can live through anything. He faces anything. A gentleman accepts the responsibility of his actions and bears the burden of their consequences, even when he did not himself instigate them but only acquiesced to them, didn't say No though he knew he should.
Wole Soyinka|The basic policy of the British Government was that since the majority of people in Northern Ireland wished to remain in the United Kingdom, that was that. We asked what would happen if the majority wanted something else, if the majority wanted to see Irish unity.
Debasish Mridha|When we declare war for peace, we may win the war and lose the battle.
Paul Kalanithi, When Breath Becomes Air|Will having a newborn distract from the time we have together?' she asked. 'Don't you think saying goodbye to your child will make your death more pain¬ful?''Wouldn't it be great if it did?' I said. Lucy and I both felt that life wasn't about avoiding suffering. Years ago, it had occurred to me that Darwin and Nietzsche agreed on one thing: the defining characteris¬tic of the organism is striving. Describing life otherwise was like painting a tiger without stripes. After so many years of living with death, I'd come to understand that the easiest death wasn't necessarily the best. We talked it over. Our families gave their blessing. We decided to have a child. We would carry on living, instead of dying.
Mehmet Murat ildan|This love of theirs, with its reassuring domesticity and its easy silences, its permanence, has yoked Sally directly to the machinery of mortality itself. Now there is a loss beyond imagining.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|True happiness lies in being compassionate and appreciating the world and our circumstances, rather than being coldhearted and greedy. We often realize too late that our favorite moments are those spent simply with the people we love. In seeing the miracles that unfold around us every day. Eventually we all come to understand that our happiness is derived from being present in the moment. Why wait until the end of your life to discover this Truth?
Woody Allen|Give me a couple of years, and I'll make that actress an overnight success.
Suzanne Morrison, Yoga Bitch: One Woman's Quest to Conquer Skepticism, Cynicism, and Cigarettes on the Path to  Enlightenment|GOD. Sometimes I think there might be a god out there, and that every once in a while he tunes in to see what we're up to, and have a good laugh at how we like to dress him up in various costume. Robes, thorny crowns, yarmulkes and curls, saris and butt-hugging yoga pants. Male, female, a genderless reincarnation factory; a Mother Earth or a withholding Father Christmas. I would think it would amuse the hell out of him. That we're all idolaters, worshiping figments of our own creation who bear no resemblance to him.Maybe he's sitting in some alternate dimension somewhere, saying, 'Shit, I didn't even create the world! I was just cooking my dinner, not paying attention to the heat, and suddenly here was this big band and a few hours later, a bunch of dinosaurs...
Joy Williams, The Quick and the Dead|When sorrow knocks at your door, tell it you're busy finding happiness.
Dan Groat, Monarchs and Mendicants|Politics is all about dividing up the power. Washington D.C. likes to talk about spreading the wealth, but never spreading the power.
Kinley MacGregor, Claiming the Highlander|How much of my fever-induced dream was real? I felt safe assuming that my time as a bee was fiction, as well as a few mythological animals that I swear I'd seen. Then I'd lived on the sun with aliens.
Amy Carmichael|The mere telling of how a need was met is often like telling of a need, which is asking crookedly instead of straight out. But this much I will say--with every fresh need has come a fresh supply.
Andrew Solomon|I reserve the right to survey the national political landscape for candidates at all levels who reflect a proper understanding of our national security, economic security, and family security - the ideals of social conservation, the heart and strength of our country.
Mia Couto, The Tuner of Silences|To Nine’s way of thinking, the problems surrounding the exploitation of coltan in the DRC epitomized the problems the entire African continent faced in capitalizing on the huge untapped wealth that lay beneath its surface. Corruption, political unrest and outside interference from non-African countries ensured the continent that should be the world’s wealthiest remained the poorest.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you want to go to a place you have never been before, you have to ask questions you have never asked before. Don't feel shy to ask questions about things you don't know!
Troy Ragland|You never listen to me anymore. Before, if I was talking to you, you would always listen. But now you have no time to even talk to me.'Yeah... Has Keaty told you not to eat the Stew?''Richard!'I frowned 'What?''You are not listening to me!''… Oh. Well I'm sorry. I've got a lot on my mind.''Not me.''Huh?''I am not on your mind.''Uh... of course you are.''I am not' she poked me in the ribs. 'I think you do not love me anymore.'I looked at her in astonishment '… Are you serious?''Very serious' she said petulantly'But... I mean... do we have to talk about this right now?''Yes. It must be now. Etienne is not here, and maybe soon I will never see you agai...''Francoise!' I hissed. 'Keep it down!''Maybe I should keep it down but maybe I should not. In the dope field, when I would not be quiet, you pushed me to the ground and held me tightly'. She giggled. 'It was very exciting'.
Chris Bell|It was Stevenson, I think, who most notably that there are some places that simply demand a story should be told of them. ...After all, perhaps Stevenson had only half of the matter. It is true there are places which stir the mind to think that a story must be told about them. But there are also, I believe, places which have their story stored already, and want to tell this to us, through whatever powers they can; through our legends and lore, through our rumors, and our rites. By its whispering fields and its murmuring waters, by the wailing of its winds and the groaning of its stones, by what it chants in darkness and the songs it sings in light, each place must reach out to us, to tell us, tell us what it holds. ("The Axholme Toll")
Shannon L. Alder|Here is to all the brilliant minds that love deeply, for they write the stories that make us dream of true love. Here is to all the visionaries that create a miracle when others give up hope. Here is to all the artists, musicians, actors, singers, songwriters, dancers, screenwriters, philosophers, inventors and poetic hearts that create a perspective of heaven we can experience in this lifetime. But most of all, here is to the wild souls that the world calls broken, insane, abnormal, weird or different because they are the ones that renew our faith, by what they overcome and create, in a world that needs a sign that God doesn’t forget the least of us.
Susane Colasanti, So Much Closer|I was afraid to let other make any decisions, because I had no confidence they would be concerned for me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the darkest time, we are left alone to face the fate of life.
Songkee R. EEP|The way you live each day is a sentence in the story of your life. Every day, you make the choice whether the sentence ends with a period, question mark, or exclamation point.
Louis L'Amour, The Walking Drum|There are many ways of fighting. Many a man or woman has waged a good war for truth, honor, and freedom, who did not shed blood in the process. Beware of those who would use violence, too often it is the violence they want and neither truth nor freedom.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|And I'm suppose to sit by while you date boys and fall in love with someone else, get married...?" His voice tightened. "And meanwhile, I'll die a little bit more every day, watching.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You want to do something good for the flowers? Then, keep the flowers in the soil, in nowhere else!
Philip G. Zimbardo, The Lucifer Effect: Understanding How Good People Turn Evil|Majority decisions tend to be made without engaging the systematic thought and critical thinking skills of the individuals in the group. Given the force of the group's normative power to shape the opinions of the followers who conform without thinking things through, they are often taken at face value. The persistent minority forces the others to process the relevant information more mindfully. Research shows that the deciscions of a group as a whole are more thoughtful and creative when there is minority dissent than when it is absent.
David Ebershoff|The injustices endured by black Americans at the hands of their own government have no parallel in our history, not only during the period of slavery but also in the Jim Crow era that followed.
Chandni Maurya|When you don't find a way... don't wait every time for others, Sometimes you have to be yourown angel.
Colin Meloy, Wildwood|We are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and pain. But likewise are we the children of an indifferent universe. We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what is, by nature, a wide web of chaos.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Take notice of what thoughts you fill your mind with each day. Our thoughts draw to us whatever is dominating our mind, so always keep what you are thinking about in check.
John F. Kennedy|Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all others.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I stop at the tune store, where I'm greeted by Javier and Jules. Half the store is Javier's, half is Jules's—they have entirely different musical tastes, so you have to know going in whether the tune you're looking for is more like Javier or Jules. They have been together for more than twenty years, and today as they offer me cider and argue the blues, I want to ask them how they've done it. To be together with someone for twenty years seems like an eternity to me. I can't seem to manage twenty days. Twenty weeks would be a stretch. How can they stand there behind the counter, spinning songs for each other day in and day out? How can they find things to say—how can they avoid saying things they'll always regret? How do you stay together? I want to ask them, the same way I want to ask my happy parents, the same way I want to go up to old people and ask them 'what is it like to live so long'?
HaveYouSeenThisGirL|We judge others according to our image ofperfection as well, and naturally they fall short of our expectations.
Timothy Schaffert, The Coffins of Little Hope|Two words from him, and I had seen my pouting apathy change into I’ll play anything for you till you ask me to stop, till it’s time for lunch, till the skin on my fingers wears off layer after layer, because I like doing things for you, will do anything for you, just say the word...
Grand Admiral Thrawn|I tell you not to be timid. I tell you to make the choices, make the mistakes, big, terrible, reckless mistakes, really screw it all up. I tell you it is the only way.
Thomas Babington Macaulay|We should not be so taken up in the search for truth, as to neglect the needful duties of active life; for it is only action that gives a true value and commendation to virtue.
M.F. Moonzajer|Nightmare and dream both are not real, but I do always love my nightmare; because it offers me gratitude while the latter makes me disappointed.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Alessandro…we should go down-” “Oh I agree.” He smiled, mischievous brown eyes lifting to hers. “Downstairs,” she corrected. “I like my meaning better,” and with that he went down on his knees. “No!” Bree hissed even as her body was screaming YES! “Stop arguing with me, darling.
Debasish Mridha|You only know there is love and you feel beloved when you share,when you're gasping for air.You only know you are living and every moment you were longing for air.
Ken Kercheval|We are looking for happiness and running after it in such a way that creates anger, fear and discrimination. So when you attend a retreat, you have a chance to look at the deep roots of this pollution of the collective energy that is unwholesome.
Joseph Jenkins, The Humanure Handbook: A Guide to Composting Human Manure|A tree is alive, and thus it is always more than you can see. Roots to leaves, yes-those you can, in part, see. But it is more-it is the lichens and moss and ferns that grow on its bark, the life too small to see that lives among its roots, a community we know of, but do not think on. It is every fly and bee and beetle that uses it for shelter or food, every bird that nests in its branches. Every one an individual, and yet every one part of the tree, and the tree part of every one.
Angie karan|To have peace in our life we must honour our every MOMENT. Imagine living a full, meaningful and joyous life. Imagine miracles happening all around us. Imagine being filled with awe and gratitude each day, and laying down to sleep each night feeling peaceful and relaxed. We can, if we honour the sacred present in us and around us. Thus we make our lives collectively precious. Every moment is sacred! Being mindful of the sacredness of time encourages us and nurtures our awareness. By honouring every moment, even the “meaningless” ones, we make them sacred
Voltaire|I tried to believe in God, but I confess to you that God meant nothing in my life, and that in my secret heart I too felt a void where my childhood faith had been. But probably this feeling belongs only to individuals in transition. The grandchildren of these pessimists will frolic in the freedom of their lives, and have more happiness than poor Christians darkened with fear of Hell.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|...it occurred that the birds, whose twitters and repeated songs sounded so pretty and affirming of nature and the coming day, might actually, in a code known only to other birds," be the birds each saying 'Get away' or 'This branch is mine!' or 'This tree is mine! I'll kill you! Kill, kill!' Or any manner of dark, brutal, or self-protective stuff--they might be listening to war cries. The thought came from nowhere and made his spirits dip from some reason.
George Santayana|Music is essentially useless, as life is.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Where love germinates, peace is harvested!
Karen Witemeyer, To Win Her Heart|. . . if you can't see the good man he is, you need to unscrew them eyeballs of yours and try on a different pair.
Leora Tanenbaum, Slut!: Growing Up Female with a Bad Reputation|I couldn't stand being identified by my sexuality, I retaliated by insisting that people regard me for my intellectual worth. My intellect became a form of damage control.
Paul L. Maier, The Flames of Rome|We could endlessly reminisce, live in the past to an unhealthy degree, then politely kill each other some winter night before bedtime, stirring poison into our cups of whiskey-spiked chamomile tea, wearing party hats. Then, nervous about our double homicide, we could lie in bed together, holding hands again, frightened and waiting, still wondering, after all these years, if we even believed in our own souls.
John Dolan, A Poison Tree|Our children form a large part of our Immortality Project. This is one of the reasons a child’s death cuts so deep; some of the future dies with them. Through them and their descendants, part of us lives on forever, just as it does in the friends we touch and the ripples our actions cause in the world. All these effects are conscripts, earthwork defences against the finality of extinction.
Dominic Riccitello|My mistakes were because I was selfless. I wanted to complete someone else, I didn’t think about completing myself.
D.L. Given, Vital Perception|You’ll be civilized or we’ll leave your arse here.” Johan... "Vital Perception
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Many a woman would not be in a relationship with or married to her man, if he earned half of what he earns; and many a man would not be in a relationship with or married to his woman, if he earned twice as much as he earns.
Christina Milian|Knowledge, learning, is an eternal thing.
Dweezil Zappa|I did the 'Bionic Woman,' which of course had a lot of humor in it, and that was really a function of a lot of the ad-libbing and the things that I did in it.
Judie McCarty, Finding Your Wings: Unleashing Your Creative  Powers|We do not just go through life blindly,we create our own journey.Your faith has sculpted you into the human being you have become.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|That night, before bed, he goes first to Willem's side of the closet, which he has still not emptied. Here are Willem's shirts on their hangers, and his sweaters on their shelves, and his shoes lined up beneath. He takes down the shirt he needs, a burgundy plaid woven through with threads of yellow, which Willem used to wear around the house in the springtime, and shrugs it on over his head. But instead of putting his arms through its sleeves, he ties the sleeves in front of him, which makes the shirt look like a straitjacket, but which he can pretend—if he concentrates—are Willem's arms in an embrace around him. He climbs into bed. This ritual embarrasses and shames him, but he only does it when he really needs it, and tonight he really needs it.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Pain|I swallowed, feeling like I'd just gotten the wind knocked out of me. He was breathtaking.
Debasish Mridha|We must not forget the beauty of humanity. At the core of our being, we must love humanity.
Caroline Hanson, Love is Darkness|The more we learn and stretch our comfort zone, the better our ability will be.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|I am not sad because I do not have you, I am sad because I don't have love.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|Old-age sucks, but the alternative doesn't look that great, either.
Joan Rivers|I'm not great at dealing with death, I have to say. I find death very hard: my mum, my dad, Sid Vicious. I'm not a monster; I feel it and it scares me. One death at a time, please, is all my heart will bear.
Cherise Sinclair, Dark Citadel|A brick is a biographical film in which a young orphan brick from the wrong side of the track grows up to be one of the most important bricks in all brick kind, as it is now quite literally the cornerstone of one of America’s greatest ballparks.(Fenway)
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heart you kiss today, the lips you kiss tomorrow.
Nalini Singh, Caressed by Ice|While waiting for Brenna to prepare the drink he did as directed and worked through their conversation. It would've gone faster had he not kept getting distracted by the sight of her moving with feminine efficiency mere meters away. The sway of her hips were-"Don't I ever want to lick a woman all up?" She squeaked, then swivelled to face him, bracing her hands on the counter behind her. "Not quite how I would've put it." Her tone was higher than normal."But yeah." "You," he said quietly, no longer able to lie, "You tempt me." "Oh." Her breasts rose up as she took a deep, shuddering breath. "You've never let on."Yes, he had. If she ever saw the way he watched her when she wasn't looking, she'd be in no doubt as to the strength of his unacceptable reaction to her.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Individually, every grain of sand brushing against my hands represents a story, an experience, and a block for me to build upon for the next generation.
Rainer Maria Rilke|O Stunden in der Kindheit,da hinter den Figuren mehr als nurVergangnes war und vor uns nicht die Zukunft.
Tom Althouse|This is everybody’s journey: to be experienced and witnessed within the confines of this frailty, which is our human body that moves towards its inevitable end. The only way to strengthen this frailty is to know exactly who you are and do exactly what you know you need to do. To claim your power this way is the only worthwhile journey to be undertaken as a human being.
Malcolm X, Malcolm X Speaks: Selected Speeches and Statements|The greatest mistake of the movement has been trying to organize a sleeping people around specific goals. You have to wake the people up first, then you'll get action.
Basil Hume|Nothing in life is certain except death, taxes and the second law of thermodynamics.
Agatha Christie, Mrs. McGinty's Dead|Smoke and mirrors’ is a useful metaphor for the ways in which organised abuse has chided conceptualisation and understanding. The chapter provides an overview of cite often incendiary debates over organised abuse before going on to suggest that critical theories on gender, crime and intersubjectivity may offer new insights into the phenomenon.
Michael Burke|Making wine and drinking wine is not new to African Americans and others in the Diaspora. South Africa has a three-century history in growing, harvesting and distilling grapes as wine. The entire continent of Africa has a history in wine-making. In this country, slaves cultivated the vineyards owned by Thomas Jefferson and other vintners.
Frank Wolf|I spend most of my time at the ranch with my family, and enjoy life - watch the sun come up, watch it go down, thank God for another day, and just be happy.
Thabo Jijana, Failing Maths and My Other Crimes|We are all orbits of some sort,circling around the world we call our own, and literature...Literature is a compass;
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Deal mildly with his youth; for young hot colts, being rag's, do rage the more.
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Human nature is universally imbued with a desire for liberty, and a hatred for servitude.
Kristen Reed, Out of the Garden|Though I’d proven to be a wretched, foolish woman, I knew deep in my broken heart that God was still just as good and loving as he’d been the moment he plucked a rib from Adam’s side and used that bone to give me life.
Marissa Clarke, Neighbors with Benefits|It's just a kiss, she mentally swore. But kiss was much too simple a word to call the powerful connection that simply rocked her world.
Dan Glickman|For me, honestly, one of the first movies I did I was always pounding coffee, and I crashed so horribly. So I've kind of weaned myself off. You keep getting second and third winds. But for me, I've stopped doing energy drinks or any kind of stimulant. I just kind of go natural.
C.S.  James, Pink Ice|For if you try to forget yourself, force your heart and thoughts to become indifferent to the sight before you and take share of that entity which seems like one of the courses of the meal.
Steven Burd|Well, paycheck protection is an important ingredient for a successful campaign finance reform measure.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|Stirred with passion, laced with fun, spiked with laughter & served with a smile. On the road. No sugar, no mil. Horn OK Please. Buy my books or maythe wrath of a thousand locusts infest your underpants *Smack!!* :-)
The Elizabeths|Rule number six: no promises.""Okay", I agree easily. "No promises, ever.""Promise?" he asks."Promise.""And that's it.""That's the only one.
Paul Stamets|I'm a big believer in what's called personalized medicine, which refers to customizing your health care to your specific needs based on your physiology, genetics, value system and unique conditions.
Orson Scott Card|Music isn't just a pleasure, a transient satisfaction. It's a need, a deep hunger; and when the music is right, it's joy. Love. A foretaste of heaven. A comfort in grief. Is it too much to think that perhaps God speaks to us sometimes through music? How, then, could I be so ungrateful as to refuse the message?
Holly Black|But it's not hell," Pete spoke with amazing confidence. "Not if you love him.
Herbert Spencer|Music is my life, professionally, for nearly 60 years. To be recognized by the academy is still the highest honor.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|People are often frightened of Parisians, but an American in Paris will find no harsher critic than another American.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country? Plato: I have, and think it odd they do this.Socrates: How so, Plato?Plato: It is like reminding a baker he is a baker, or a sculptor he is asculptor.Socrates: You mean to say if someone is convinced of their trade, they haveno need to be reminded.Plato: That is correct.Socrates: I agree. If these citizens were convinced of their freedom, they would not need reminders.
Stacie Evans, Crying Bloody Murder|The gravedigger knew a fine trick. When the worms looked unhappy he would leave his place in the mausoleum and go up into the sunshine. He would go empty-handed, but when he returned, with him came a most exquisite corpse. The worms would rejoice, and they would feast upon the corpse until they were fat and could feast no more. The young would come with the old to see this trick and glory in it. No worm knew where the gravedigger got his corpses, but they were always succulent and nourishing. They praised the gravedigger’s generosity. -- From "Worms
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|Science and technology were the only keys to opening the door to the future, and people approached science with the faith and sincerity of elementary school students.
Maimonides|Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
Margaret Atwood|For me the experience of writing is really an experience of losing control.… I think it’s very much like dreaming or like surfing. You go out there and wait for a wave, and when it comes it takes you somewhere and you don’t know where it’ll go.
Leonard Baskin|With everything that I design, from a church to a plate to skyscraper to a spoon. I am always thinking about voluptuous volumes and spaces.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Top lines to a human being who tends to isolate (an avoidant) would mean they make an effort to talk to another human being when the opportunity arises. A top line can also mean that, whether we feel like it or not, we are committed to our recovery and to improving our emotional and professional life. The idea of ‘top lines’ is not to be hard on ourselves or to put us in a position where we feel unsafe or burnt out. It’s a way to avoid missing opportunities to learn, serve and grow.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|Then he looked up, despite all best prior intentions. In four minutes, it would be another hour; a half hour after that was the ten-minute break. Lane Dean imagined himself running around on the break, waving his arms and shouting gibberish and holding ten cigarettes at once in his mouth, like a panpipe. Year after year, a face the same color as your desk. Lord Jesus. Coffee wasn't allowed because of spills on the files, but on the break he'd have a big cup of coffee in each hand while he pictured himself running around the outside grounds, shouting. He knew what he'd really do on the break was sit facing the wall clock in the lounge and, despite prayers and effort, count the seconds tick off until he had to come back and do this again. And again and again and again.
Piper Payne|He knows her like man knows earth, touching the surface but unaware of her depth.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|Are you going to threaten to kill anyone?" Vega asked dryly.Even though he knew she wasn't being completely serious, the truth was, he would kill someone if they attempted to harm her. "I won't threaten anyone." Which was the truth. If he had to act, he would just kill, not bother with meaningless threats.
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|Except. What is normal at any given time? We change just as the seasons change, and each spring brings new growth. So nothing is ever quite the same.
P. J. O'Rourke|Man's only true happiness is to live in hope of something to be won by him. Reverence something to be worshipped by him, and love something to be cherished by him, forever.
William Wordsworth|Victory is a fleeting thing in the gambling business. Today's winners are tomorrow's blinking toads, dumb beasts with no hope.
Alice Oseman, Solitaire|Two girls walk past in gargantuan heels and dresses so tight that their skin is spilling out, and one of them says to the other, "Wait, who the fuck is Lewis Carroll?" and in my imagination I pull a gun out of my pocket, shoot them both and then shoot myself.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|You,” I said, “are sweet music in a distant room.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Passion is not just about the object of your focus or desires—it is the compelling emotion, fulfillment, and intense enthusiasm that it engenders.
Lucy Christopher, The Killing Woods|We might be a bit slow on some things down in the South, but we know murder.
Kaye Gibbons, A Virtuous Woman|Right, well, we've got to work out what we need. We've got to work out what we need, how we get it, and what we need to get to get what we need.
Anonymous|Posthumous: It sounds like the name of a Roman gladiator, an unconquered gladiator. At least that’s what poor Posthumous would like to believe. It gives him courage.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders|Charlotte said that if I chose, I could cease to be a Gray and take the name my mother should have had before she was married. I could be a Starkweather. I could have a true Shadowhunter name." She heard Will exhale a breath. It came out a puff of white in the cold. His eyes were blue and wide and clear, fixed on her face. He wore the expression of a man who had steeled himself to do a terrifying thing, and was carrying it through. "Of course you can have a true Shadowhunter name," Will said. "You can have mine.
Brenda Russell|Bora Bora is peaceful and quiet, but fun, so full of cool activities and more; spiritual to the core, and you leave with fully recharged batteries.
Eugène Ionesco, Rhinoceros / The Chairs / The Lesson|BERENGER: And you consider all this natural?   DUDARD: What could be more natural than a rhinoceros?   BERENGER: Yes, but for a man to turn into a rhinoceros is abnormal beyond question.   DUDARD: Well, of course, that's a matter of opinion ...   BERENGER: It is beyond question, absolutely beyond question!  DUDARD: You seem very sure of yourself. Who can say where the normal stops and the abnormal begins? Can you personally define these conceptions of normality and abnormality? Nobody has solved this problem yet, either medically or philosophically. You ought to know that.   BERENGER: The problem may not be resolved philosophically -- but in practice it's simple. They may prove there's no such thing as movement ... and then you start walking ... [he starts walking up and down the room] ... and you go on walking, and you say to yourself, like Galileo, 'E pur si muove' ...   DUDARD: You're getting things all mixed up! Don't confuse the issue. In Galileo's case it was the opposite: theoretic and scientific thought proving itself superior to mass opinion and dogmatism.   BERENGER: [quite lost] What does all that mean? Mass opinion, dogmatism -- they're just words! I may be mixing everything up in my head but you're losing yours. You don't know what's normal and what isn't any more. I couldn't care less about Galileo ... I don't give a damn about Galileo.   DUDARD: You brought him up in the first place and raised the whole question, saying that practice always had the last word. Maybe it does, but only when it proceeds from theory! The history of thought and science proves that. BERENGER: [more and more furious] It doesn't prove anything of the sort! It's all gibberish, utter lunacy!   DUDARD: There again we need to define exactly what we mean by lunacy ...   BERENGER: Lunacy is lunacy and that's all there is to it! Everybody knows what lunacy is. And what about the rhinoceroses -- are they practice or are they theory?
Matthew Perry|I have a great job writing for 'The Office,' but, really, all television writers do is dream of one day writing movies. I'll put it this way: At the Oscars the most famous person in the room is, like, Angelina Jolie. At the Emmys the huge exciting celebrity is Bethenny Frankel. You get what I mean.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|All men are born with a nose and ten fingers, but no one was born with a knowledge of God.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Your expectations of other people should never be greater than what you expect of God. Why is it that you can patiently wait for him to make your life better, but you won't consider he is patiently waiting for you to be better?
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|When Rosencrantz asks Hamlet, "Good my lord, what is your cause of distemper? You do surely bar the door upon your own liberty, if you deny your grief to your friends"(III, ii, 844-846), Hamlet responds, "Why, look you now, how unworthy a thing you make of me! You would play upon me; you would seem to know my stops; you would pluck from my lowest note to the top of my compass; and there is much music, excellent voice, in this little organ, yet cannot you make it speak. 'Sblood, do you think I am easier to be played on than a pipe? Call me what instrument you will, though you can fret me, you cannot play upon me." (III,ii, 371-380)
Hilary Thayer Hamann, Anthropology of an American Girl|And loneliness. I should say something of loneliness. The panic, the sweeping hysteria that comes not when you are without others, but when you are without yourself, adrift. I should describe the filthy province of mind, the blighted district inside, the place so crowded you cannot raise the lids of your eyes. Your shoulders are drawn and your head has fallen and your chest is bruised by the constant assault of your heart. (p. 37)
Sunday Adelaja|Determined is a quiet inner resolve, focused on your purpose.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Whatever your desire, use Cosmic Ordering to get what you require!
Rajesh Walecha|Together we can;alone I can't".
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The true measure of a person is not in what he knows, but what he does with what he knows.
Arthur Penn|I was obsessed with romance. When I was in high school, I saw 'Doctor Zhivago' every day from the day it opened until the day it left the theater.
Ezra Taft Benson|The author emphasizes the importance of self-forgetfulness when his statistics were marred by a bad outing. He forgot all of that outing to such an extent that he quipped, "What was my name?
Theresa Dedmon|Just as teenagers can live in the same house as their parents, yet choose not to live “close” to them in partnership, so we can choose to be children of God, yet live very distant from God in our hearts. On the other hand, we can choose to have the closest partnership with Him, in which we know what He thinks, believes, and acts and what is important to Him. In this place of intimacy, we also discover just how close He wants to be with us.
David Lindsay-Abaire|Can I be blunt on this subject? If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.
Santosh Kalwar|Crystal ball and candle light, I want your dance tonight. Show me the power of love as we stand together in the middle of the night.
Donald Jeffries, Hidden History: An Exposé of Modern Crimes, Conspiracies, and Cover-Ups in American Politics|He himself felt defeated because he was fighting against something he did not hate, because he did not understand the fratricidal hatred between the sons of Araby and Israel, and because he loved and knew and appreciated and wanted to save the merits of their cultures, although not the cruelty of their powers; he knew and loved the fountains and the gardens and the patios and high towers of al-Andalus, the nature that has been made more beautiful by man for man's pleasure, not for his mortification.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Suicide is a permanent answer to a temporary problem." They say, it's not an "answer" in any way. Taking your own life is SE Self Execution, many have said that's a terrible name. I ask should killing yourself sound good?
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we set an intention to explore our emotional hot spots, we create a pathway to real love.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You should either be like the candle that produces light or you live like mirror which reflects it. Pray for love; Sow love, Show love and Share love!
Mark Haddon|Marketers use big data profiling to predict who is about to get pregnant, who is likely to buy a new car, and who is about to change sexual orientations. That's how they know what ads to send to whom. The NSA, meanwhile, wants to know who is likely to commit an act of terrorism - and for this, they need us.
John Fugelsang|Though American scenery is destitute of many of those circumstances that give value to the European, still it has features, and glorious ones, unknown to Europe...the most distinctive, and perhaps the most impressive, characteristic of American scenery is its wildness
Sihan Tan, this is how you walk on the moon: an anthology of anti-realist fiction|It's emotions. Sometimes you feel, sometimes you don't. You can't force yourself into feeling something, can you?
Roy Bourgeois|It is important to note that when Mary Magdalene and other women were chosen by Jesus to bring the important news to the men, the men did not believe the women. Today 2,000 years later men still don't believe women when they say "We are also chosen by Jesus to be leaders in the church.
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|Sin is not merely wrong doing; sin is essentially wrong adoring. Sin is the fastening of our hearts on any good, treasure, or security in life that replaces the good, treasure, and security of God.
David W. Earle|The greater the pain associated with love, the more likely a person is to be attracted to others who will inflict this pain…for isn’t this what love is? Hurt people tend to hurt other people.
Emmanuel Aghado|If you love three people at the same time, choose the first one, because if there was a 4th or 5th one, you might still fall for them.
Kim Jong-un|Our moral authority is as important, if not more important, than our troop strength or our high-tech weapons. We are rapidly losing that moral authority, not only in the Arab world but all over the world.
Clemence Housman, The Were-Wolf|The last hour from midnight had lost half its quarters, and the stars went lifting up the great minutes...
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|For those of you out there today who have already been through hard times and are desperate for a word of encouragement, let me assure you that you can trust this Lord of heaven and earth. Remember that Scripture warns us to “lean not on your own understanding” (Proverbs 3:5).
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your mind is filled with ample secret abilities not known to you, keep it active by shutting down disbelieve.
Ransom Riggs, Hollow City|Strange, I thought, how you can be living your dreams and your nightmares at the very same time.
Thomas Goodwin, What Happens When I Pray|Our prayers are granted as soon as we have prayed, even though the process of fulfilling our requests has not yet begun.
Lin Yutang|I will miss myself in relation to others. The rareness. The exceptional differences. I will miss the gift that comes with hardship and paying the price. I will miss the tragedy of my own life. As I once spoke...emphatically, but I now repeat here, quietly—the pain, the pain is what made it so God damn beautiful. I endured. You can wait a lifetime for thirty seconds, five minutes, or for an hour to come into your life—a brief interval that makes all the suffering purposeful. In such moments of splendor and rapture—even if the rapture be stilled, the private hours and years of reckoning are unloaded, a burden lifted and the spirit feels as it did on the happiest day of its life when it was young and untormented Or rather, unconscious of the torment waiting to be ignited.
Jameela Jamil|I look up to a strong woman; maybe that's why I fell for Gaga. She works incredibly hard and is very strong and inspirational like Mom, with a great work ethic.
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|You cannot wait for an untroubled world to have an untroubled moment. The terrible phone call, the rainstorm, the sinister knock on the door—they will all come. Soon enough arrive the treacherous villain and the unfair trial and the smoke and the flames of the suspicious fires to burn everything away. In the meantime, it is best to grab what wonderful moments you find lying around.
Sarah Jessica Parker|When people think of the word 'drive,' they often think you have it or you don't, and that's where we're wrong. Drive is something that can be encouraged by a wonderful teacher, by a terrific classroom environment, by an awesome soccer team that you are on, and it can be squashed as well.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Your body can be in captivity, your life can be in captivity, but there is only one thing you should not allow to be in captivity; that is your soul.
Susan C. Young|We are engineered for health, vitality, and resilience, yet we tend to lose a lot as the years go by. What pleasures have you denied yourself? What dreams did you once hold dear? What do you want now? Restore them to their former glory and recapture that which brings you joy.
Guy de Maupassant, A Parisian Affair and Other Stories|Old Hubert must have had a premonition of his squalid demise. In October he said to me, ‘Forty-two years I’ve had this place. I’d really like to go back home, but I ain’t got the energy since my old girl died. And I can’t sell it the way it is now. But anyway before I hang my hat up I’d be curious to know what’s in that third cellar of mine.’The third cellar has been walled up by order of the civil defence authorities after the floods of 1910. A double barrier of cemented bricks prevents the rising waters from invading the upper floors when flooding occurs. In the event of storms or blocked drains, the cellar acts as a regulatory overflow.The weather was fine: no risk of drowning or any sudden emergency. There were five of us: Hubert, Gerard the painter, two regulars and myself. Old Marteau, the local builder, was upstairs with his gear, ready to repair the damage. We made a hole.Our exploration took us sixty metres down a laboriously-faced vaulted corridor (it must have been an old thoroughfare). We were wading through a disgusting sludge. At the farend, an impassable barrier of iron bars. The corridor continued beyond it, plunging downwards. In short, it was a kind of drain-trap.That’s all. Nothing else. Disappointed, we retraced our steps. Old Hubert scanned the walls with his electric torch. Look! An opening. No, an alcove, with some wooden object that looks like a black statuette. I pick the thing up: it’s easily removable. I stick it under my arm. I told Hubert, ‘It’s of no interest. . .’ and kept this treasure for myself.I gazed at it for hours on end, in private. So my deductions, my hunches were not mistaken: the Bièvre-Seine confluence was once the site where sorcerers and satanists must surely have gathered. And this kind of primitive magic, which the blacks of Central Africa practise today, was known here several centuries ago. The statuette had miraculously survived the onslaught of time: the well-known virtues of the waters of the Bièvre, so rich in tannin, had protected the wood from rotting, actually hardened, almost fossilized it. The object answered a purpose that was anything but aesthetic. Crudely carved, probably from heart of oak. The legs were slightly set apart, the arms detached from the body. No indication of gender. Four nails set in a triangle were planted in its chest. Two of them, corroded with rust, broke off at the wood’s surface all on their own. There was a spike sunk in each eye. The skull, like a salt cellar, had twenty-four holes in which little tufts of brown hair had been planted, fixed in place with wax, of which there were still some vestiges. I’ve kept quiet about my find. I’m biding my time.
Nur Bedeir|We are our choices.. That's why I am so afraid to choose.. Because more than anything else, I am afraid of facing myself..
Shannon L. Alder|It is not your talents that make you great, but your decisions.
Daniel Mendelsohn, The Lost: A Search for Six of Six Million|I need to remember what they look like. I try to hold them still behind my eyes, their faces, like pictures in an album. But they won't stay still for me, they move, there's a smile and it's gone, their features curl and bend as if the paper's burning, blackness eats them. A glimpse, a pale shimmer on the air; a glow, aurora, dance of electrons, then a face again, faces. But they fade, though I stretch out my arms towards them, they slip away from me, ghosts at daybreak. Back to wherever they are. Stay with me, I want to say. But they won't.
Tito Jackson|The real reason we ended up getting into that type of music was our dad worked for an oil company so we spent a year overseas when we were young kids. Because of that, it was all Spanish TV and radio so we ended up having these '50s and '60s tapes, tapes of that music.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Where are you, oh heart, which I loved from the start? Did you ever arrive? How long must we stay apart?
Heidi Barr, Prairie Grown: Stories and Recipes from a South Dakota Hillside|It seemed everything that had ever lived and died in this world had passed through here, had left its indelible imprint.
Emmanuel Serenity|Don't assume it will work for you because it has worked for everybody else, the singular reason is because you ain't everybody else; You should also never assume it won't work for you because it hasn't work for anybody else, the singular reason is because you ain't anybody else!
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|The strength of a patent doesn’t come from its claims, it comes from the invention
John Geddes|when I see you, I see mystery - a pale moon's beauty behind a veil of cloud
Hannah Ashworth, A Royal Reborn|If there is one thing I refuse to do, it is to drown.
Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudevuru|—and I say you still haven't answered my question, Father Bleu.""Haven't I, dear lady? I thought I stated that death is merely the beginning 
Carl Sagan|Before the Plan, there is an Idea. Before the Idea, there is a Purpose. Before the Purpose, there is Your Spirit...aching to express Itself
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|Food is everything we are. It's an extension of nationalist feeling, ethnic feeling, your personal history, your province, your region, your tribe, your grandma. It's inseparable from those from the get-go.
John Gaddis, The Cold War|The sign of a good novel is what it can cause its reader to see, even if this lies beyond the author's own vision.
Mercedes Lackey, Fortune's Fool|Some writers, notably Anton Chekov, argue that all characters must be admirable, because once we've looked at anyone deeply enough and understood their motivation we must identify with them rather than judge them.
Mark Van Doren|Painting (like poetry) chooses from universals what is most apposite. It brings together, in a single imaginary being, circumstances and characteristics which occur in nature in many different persons.
Mairead Falcon, Not By Blood|Only this time, now that she knew what it felt like to kiss him, she didn’t want to slap that look off his face, she wanted to kiss it off.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Fanatics are those who, when following a doctrine becomes inconvenient, make up rules of their own.
Debasish Mridha|When you write and when you read, you are living in a different world.
Robin McKinley, Shadows|Slowly, painfully, I let go. It was like prying my own fingers off the edge of the cliff. And that hurt too-particularly the falling part, and not being sure what was at the b
Craig D. Lounsbrough|God’s absence in the carnage is due to one single rather unnerving fact; that at some time past He honored our request that He leave. And if we are not brutally honest with ourselves regarding that choice, it is we ourselves who have set the stage for the next tragedy.
Lindsey Rietzsch|In order for us to grow we have to get our feet wet. If God put all the answers in front of us, we would never learn. We need to dig a little deeper, reach a little further, think a little harder, run a little faster, and surprisingly when we utilize our capabilities and push our limits, we begin to grow in leaps and bounds.
Amy Reed, Crazy|You act like you're invincible, but I know deep down you want someone to hold your hand and buy you flowers and look you in the eye and tell you you're his soul mate. You want someone who will love every piece of you, even the pieces you can't love yourself.
Orson Scott Card, Alvin Journeyman|History's got no bows on it, only frayed ends of ribbons and knots that can't be untied.
Brenna Ehrlich, Placid Girl|It tugs at me, filling me with the kind of seasick nostalgia that can hit you in the gut when you find an old concert ticket in your purse or an old coin machine ring you got down at the boardwalk on a day when you went searching for mermaids in the surf with your best friend.That punch of nostalgia hits me now and I start to sink down on the sky-coloured quilt, feeling the nubby fabric under my fingers, familiar as the topography of my hand.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Through joy, the Soul finds its greatest - physical expression.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|The War Has Been Declared.Your Ally Been Ensnared.It Is Now Or It Is Never.Break The Code Or Die Forever.Time Is Running OutRunning OutRunning OutTo the Warrior Give My BladeBy His Hand Your Fate Is MadeBut Do Not Forget the TickingOr the Clicking, Clicking, ClickingWhile a Rat's Tongue May Be FlickingWith Its Feet It Does the TrickingFor the Paw and Not the Jaw Makes the Code of ClawTime Is Standing StillStanding StillStanding StillSince the Princess Is the KeyTo Unlock the TreacheryShe Cannot Avoid the Matching or the Scratching, Scratching, ScratchingWhen a Secret Plot is HatchingIn the Naming Is the CatchingWhat She Saw, It Is the FlawOf the Code of ClawTime is Turning BackTurning BackTurning BackWhen the Monster's Blood Is SpilledWhen the Warrior Has Been KilledYou Must Not Ingore the RappingOr the Tapping, Tapping, TappingIf the Gnawers Find you NappingYou Will Rot While They Are MappingOut the Law of Those Who GnawIn the Code of Claw
Akshay Vasu|The thing about the human race is, It turns up against everything or everyone that it loses its faith and belief on. And the saddest thing to witness is, Most of it have lost its faith towards humanity.
Abbi Glines, Bad for You|Ask me again, once we defeat Gaea.
Chris Burkmenn|Warriors will always have wounds from the battle, but they are only stronger from them.
Auliq Ice|The New Economy brings the need to tap people’s curiosity, quest for knowledge and understanding, in order to develop a sustainable society.
Shannon L. Alder|You must do what you need to do to survive, but you will never survive your own heart if you don't also make it a need.
Judy Blume|Many of my friends think I read books all day and alphabetize the shelves. Well, sometimes I do alphabetize shelves. But more often than not, my job title could be "friend". Or just simply "caring ear." Public librarians are often part information seekers, part social workers.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|The best antidote to the furtive poison of anger, fear, anxiety, or any of our destructive, unwieldy passions, is just gratitude. And not the grandiose, boisterous or especially obvious kind. It is not necessarily the verbose or expressive kind. It's often the full immersion, a kind of deep submersion even, into a pool of awareness. This penitent affect distills within us surreal realizations; it is a focus, tinged with layers of deep remorse and the profound beauty of newfound appreciation that washes over us about the simplest things we have slipped into, or suddenly become aware of our own complacency over. This cooling antidote instantly soothes any veins swollen with the heat of pride, or stopped up with pearls of finely polished self-pity. This all comes about with a balm of humility that is simultaneously soothing and jolting to all of our senses at the same time. It is a cocktail both sedative and stimulant in the same, finite instant. It often occurs as we are halted dead in our tracks by a thing so extraordinary and breathtakingly natural, even luscious in its simplicity and unusually ordinary existence; often something we have been blatantly negligent of noticing as we routinely trudge past it in our self-absorbed haze. These are akin to the emotions one might feel as they finally notice the well-established antique rose garden, in full bloom; the same one they have walked by for years on their way to somewhere - but never noticed before. This is the feeling we get when our aging parent suddenly, in one moment, is 87 in our mind's eye - and not the steady 57, or eternal 37 we have determinedly seen our so loved one to be, out of purely wishful thinking born of the denial that only the truest love and devotion can begin to nurture - for the better of many decades.
Michael Barbarulo|She's finding it hard to cope - her hopes have been dashed, the future she dreamed about has gone and she's scared about that. There's nothing in its place. She wants you back. She doesn't want to let go of everything it meant to her. Because the world seems horribly big and empty. Because the future is a very frightening concept when you'd previously planned on sharing it with someone. Because she's a girl, she's a romantic and she fears if she lets  go of her dream, she'll live a nightmare. Because she has a hope and she fears if she lets her hope go, who will she be?The effort, the pain of clinging on is preferable to the wide-open fear of letting go.
Edgar Allan Poe|The ninety and nine are with dreams, content, but the hope of the world made new, is the hundredth man who is grimly bent on making those dreams come true.
Guru Gobind Singh, Zafarnama|Their quarry had been cornered in his defenses and their bloodlust was such that they were likely to pay top Julep to watch him escape, so that he might be brutalized and killed before their very eyes, as this was much more gratifying to them than simply watching justice be enacted. They, too, understood that societal constructs for justice were moderate gratification, at best, as they were empty and subject to contradictions and compromises steeped in moral relativism and an unconditional dependence upon overblown semantics that made the law a mockery of itself. As for the ideologies that these hollow systems of jurisprudence sought to define and uphold: these could easily be subjugated through a meticulous analysis of the trivial components of one statute or another. The rule of law had failed them. What the people wanted, in its stead, was rather simple: moral absolutes. Good versus evil. And evil was not to be simply prevailed over. Evil was to be dominated and effectively eliminated, because as long as it was able to while away the time somewhere—in some sweaty prison cell, far away, staring out the barred window with a wry smile, as it plotted its next offensive on the Common Good, a sense of wholeness could not be achieved.
Genevieve Scott|Alice leaned first one way and then the other, down the line of children. She said, Is everybody understanding this?"One child said, "The misuse of power is the root of all evil?"Alice said, "Well...."Another child said, "There is no justice on the earth?"Alice said, "Well..."Another child said, "We are all alone in the world?"Alice said, "Well..."Another child said, "The greatest depth of our loss is the beginning of true freedom?"Alice said, "Well..."Another child said, "The disposal of human waste is the responsibility of the brokenhearted?"These were all phrases Alice had put on the chalkboard after other field trips. It occurred to Alice, hearing these phrases now, that she might have attempted to do too much with a class of fourth graders. She was willing to admit to some excesses.Alice said, "Just listen.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. It is up to you to give [life] a meaning.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi, The Terrorist's Daughter|Oh yes, even I cry. Just not over you. Who is "you?" The one who has to ask or the one who doesn't?
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|If you have confident, courage and strength, you can succeed in life.
Vladimir Nabokov|Every human is not born with the extraordinary capacity to accept himself unconditionally, the kind of acceptance that helps him to survive when the whole world stands in opposition.~ Aarush Kashyap
Bear Bryant|In a balanced organization, working towards a common objective, there is success.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The reality is, no matter what you were told, whatever happened to you as a child was not legally or morally your fault. Abused children are instilled with guilt regarding their "participation." It's an especially complex issue if the abuser is a family member. The child is told and believes that by his word his family will disintegrate, or harm may descend upon other loved ones. He fears he will lose more by telling than not.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|Would you like to come in?" I said. My hands were sweaty. Inside my chest an ocean heaved and crashed and heaved again."I would," he said. I saw his Adam's apple jerk as he swallowed. "Thank you."I was distracted by that thank you. We had moved past the language of formality long ago. It was strange to relearn it with each other.
Brandon Sanderson, Mistborn Trilogy Boxed Set|If a politician wins in a dirty way at election, he will sat in position and works with corruption.
Faye Hall, She's ALot like You|Everyone has fantasies and the variations in these visions of passion vary widely. It is a natural experience that occurs in every human being. Having a rich fantasy life is not only enjoyable, but psychologically "normal.
James Carlos Blake|Men tend to remember the best things about the women they've loved and to forget the worst, which is why so many men make the same mistakes with women again and again. Women tend to forget the best things about the men they've loved and to remember the worst, which is why so many women become bitter about men.
Douglas Adams|Do you work for the government, any government?”"I pay taxes, which means I work for the government, part of the time. Yes.
Idries Shah|Before you speak... I have already heard. Before you see... I had seen a million times. Before you reach... I came and departed, so is the way and life of a versatile soul.
W.W. Jacobs, Ghost Stories|It was an unusual sunset. Having sat behind opaque drapery all day, I had not realized that a storm was pushing in and that much of the sky was the precise shade of old suits of armor one finds in museums. At the same time, patches of brilliance engaged in a territorial dispute with the oncoming onyx of the storm. Light and darkness mingled in strange ways both above and below. Shadows and sunshine washed together, streaking the landscape with an unearthly study of glare and gloom. Bright clouds and black folded into each other in a no-man's land of the sky. The autumn trees took on the appearance of sculptures formed in a dream, their leaden-colored trunks and branches and iron-red leaves all locked in an infinite and unliving moment, unnaturally timeless. The gray lake slowly tossed and tumbled in a dead sleep, nudging unconsciously against its breakwall of numb stone. A scene of contradiction and ambivalence, a tragicomedic haze over all. A land of perfect twilight.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Your problem is you don't understand what that word means. People think a soul mate is your perfect fit, and that's what everyone wants. But a true soul mate is a mirror, the person who shows you everything that's holding you back, the person who brings you to your attention so you can change your life. A true soul mate is probably the most important person you'll ever meet, because they tear down your walls and smack you awake. But to live with a soul mate forever? Nah. Too painful. Soul mates, they come into your life just to reveal another layer of yourself to you, and then they leave.
Michael Ondaatje, Divisadero|A boy's will is the wind's will, And the thoughts of youth are long, long thoughts.
Shannon L. Alder|The merit of persons is to be no rule of our charity, but we are to do acts of kindness to those that least deserve it.
Shannon L. Alder|Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, but I chose neither one. Instead, I set sail in my little boat to watch a sunset from a different view that couldn't be seen from shore. Then I climbed the tallest mountain peak to watch the amber sun through the clouds. Finally, I traveled to the darkest part of the valley to see the last glimmering rays of light through the misty fog. It was every perspective I experienced on my journey that left the leaves trodden black, and that has made all the difference.
A.A. Patawaran, Write Here Write Now: Standing at Attention Before My Imaginary Style Dictator|And because the world is too big and time is too short and you only have one life to live, read!
Robert Sternberg|The real question is, when will we draft an artificial intelligence bill of rights? What will that consist of? And who will get to decide that?
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Ummm, anyone else getting the creeps? Breccan asked. "Okay, let's vote. Who here is in favor of daylight? Come on, show of hands. Don't be shy.
John Cheever, Falconer|Murderers — serving life sentences — were caring for their dying fellow inmates. Washing their bed-sore covered bodies, changing their diapers, holding their hands while they took their last breath. It was the other side of death, not the one at the end of a sudden muzzle flash, but the slow and wrenching kind, leaving plenty of time for hard reflection.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|Some were brilliant bordering on genius. Others, genius bordering on madness
Kenneth Eade|Most laws only exist if people believe in them. That's why the mass media has to propagate them. If you are wise enough, join the police and ignore unfair laws. Be the friend and helper instead and thereby increase the reputation of the police.
Stacy Hawkins Adams, Lead Me Home|Talking about ideas for a novel is a bit like showing pictures of the ultrasound if you're pregnant. Until they're out in the world, they can only be wonderful to you.
Stephanie Georgopulos|Every time you rip the bandages off, you just open the wound up again. Every time he sees you, it's like tearing off the bandages.
Maya Angelou|You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.
Jason Isbell|I didn't know what to expect when we first started touring behind 'Southeastern' because you don't want to lull anybody to sleep or lose their attention. But it's really been incredible how the crowds seem to be just as excited for the slow, sad songs as they are for the old rockers.
Anssen Augustus, ALLBLACK Project|The Wishing BonesA thousand grandmothers ago Pyrrha and Deucalion repopulated the world with rocks, bones of mother Earth, a generation of my ancestors strained from the mud of a drowned planet.But I’m more interested in my earliest grandmothers, their gills and wetness,before they crawled from that blue expanseand learned to carry the sea within them,in their cells, between their cells, in their eyes.The buoyancy of ocean has never left us.It hides in skin’s complex reservoir where we're selectively permeable and our bodies exchange the smallest life.If we had no need to distinguish ourselves from others we’d be missing the skin that defines lovers and enemies and opens itself to both.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If achieving world peace and ending poverty were really genuine concerns to the majority, then they would have happened already by now. So, either people are not aware of their collective power, or their fears overpower their desires. The amount of money spent on the military-industrial complex in one year is more than enough to end hunger in Africa. Every problem on earth today has more than one solution. However, priorities are determined by values.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|Overall, the library held a hushed exultation, as though the cherished volumes were all singing soundlessly within their covers.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Just as little as a reader today reads all of the individual words (let alone syllables) on a page—rather he picks about five words at random out of twenty and "guesses" at the meaning that probably belongs to these five words—just as little do we see a tree exactly and completely with reference to leaves, twigs, color, and form; it is so very much easier for us to simply improvise some approximation of a tree. Even in the midst of the strangest experiences we will still do the same: we make up the major part of the experience and can scarcely be forced not to contemplate some event as its "inventors." All this means: basically and from time immemorial we are—accustomed to lying. Or to put it more virtuously and hypocritically, in short, more pleasantly: one is much more of an artist than one knows.
Debasish Mridha|I see the life with your sight,O" the love; you're my light.
Marcha A. Fox, A Psilent Place Below|I told her I hated normal people and the land of the fucking free and the home of the asshole brave, and I hated God and George and all and everything.
Santonu Kumar Dhar|Life can be as easy as you wish to make it, or as difficult as you are prepared to believe that it is.
Anonymous|When a fire rises, don't be quick to worry. Find the purpose of the fire, if it's negative, water it down, if positive, feed the flames.
Astro|When you're growing up, I think there's this idea that the coolest people are the ones who are really rude and feverish. But I've come to realize that isn't cool.
Joseph N. Welch|Have you no sense of decency, sir?
Thomas Friedman|We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Rodrigo Duterte|There is inestimable blessing in a cheerful spirit. When the soul throws its windows wide open, letting in the sunshine, and presenting to all who see it the evidence of its gladness, it is not only happy, but it has an unspeakable power of doing good.
Charles Stross, The Rhesus Chart|If we look at the force of anger, we can, in fact, discover many positive aspects in it. Anger is not a passive, complacent state. It has incredible energy. Anger can impel us to let go of ways we may be inappropriately defined by the needs of others; it can teach us to say no. In this way it also serves our integrity, because anger can motivate us to turn from the demands of the outer world to the nascent voice of our inner world. It is a way to set boundaries and to challenge injustice at every level. Anger will not take things for granted or simply accept them mindlessly.Anger also has the ability to cut through surface appearances; it does not just stay on a superficial level. It is very critical; it is very demanding. Anger has the power to pierce through the obvious to things that are more hidden. This is why anger may be transmuted to wisdom. By nature, anger has characteristics in common with wisdom.Nevertheless, the unskillful aspects of anger are immense, and they far outweigh the positive aspects.
Dada Bhagwan|The mind-speech-body are effective. When will they not have effect on one? It is when one realizes one’s own [True] Self. It is when one attains the awareness, ‘I am indeed absolute Supreme Self (Parmatma).
Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, Davening: A Guide to Meaningful Jewish Prayer|God is always present. The question is, how present are we?
Kate Luysterborg, Blame It on My Youth: Stories by students on the art of being young|Then I tell you that sadness, in a way, is just another form of beauty. It can be a bit more melancholic, dramatic, heart-breaking and so, so quiet. The most emotional of things, finding its reflection in the world in decay, are those things we love the most from time to time.
Paul Hogan|I've been around some very famous people, but no one has the effect Maradona has; people tremble in his presence.
Mo Willems, Hooray for Amanda & Her Alligator!|I always say, 'Books beat boredom,' said Amanda wisely.
Zack Love, The Doorman|The Creator never singles out an individual for an important service to mankind without first testing him, through struggle, in proportion to the nature of the service he is to render.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|When I'm inside you, buried so deep I'm the only thing that exists in your world, that's when I'm not going to go slow. It's going to be fast and hard because I'm going to lose my mind.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|There is perhaps some hope to be derived from the fact that in most instances where an attempt to realize an ideal society gave birth to the ugliness and violence of a prolonged active mass movement the experiment was made on a vast scale and with a heterogeneous population. Such was the case in the rise of Christianity and Islam, and in the French, Russian and Nazi revolutions. The promising communal settlements in the small state of Israel and the successful programs of socialization in the small Scandinavian states indicate perhaps that when the attempt to realize an ideal society is undertaken by a small nation with a more or less homogeneous population it can proceed and succeed in an atmosphere which is neither hectic nor coercive.
Joan Frances Turner, Dust|She sticks to the rules, because it's all she's got. It's like her feelings dried up and they were replaced with a pile of useless laws. Like my appendix. Don't know what I need it for, but it's still there.
D.S. Mashego|When our ‘thought life’ is in good shape, our thought processes shape-up, and quality decision-making becomes a norm. It is these quality decisions that will take you to your destiny. Change your thinking and affect your environment.
Mark Slouka, Essays from the Nick of Time: Reflections and Refutations|I suspect that on some level, life is a matter of indefensible loyalties.
Christopher Hitchens|It is notorious that the news of the Emancipation Proclamation was kept from the people of Texas and not celebrated until 'Juneteenth'. There may be those in Texas now who believe they can insulate their state—a state that had its own courageous revolution—from the news of evolution and from the writing in 1786 of a Constitution that refuses to mention religion except when demarcating and limiting its role in the public square. But we promise them today that they will join their fore-runners in the flat-earth community, and in the mad clerical clique of those who believed that the sun revolved around the earth. Yes, they will be in schoolbooks—as a joke on the epic scale of William Jennings Bryan. We shall be fair, and take care to ensure that their tale is told.
Rose Macaulay|wouldn't you like to make sure all those millions you give to Uncle Sam went to schools and hospitals instead of nuclear warheads?'As a matter of fact, he would. Playgrounds for big kids, preschool programs to little ones, and mandatory LASIK surgery for NFL refs.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Every time he tries to fly high, but his memories always hold his broken wings.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|Now logic is a wonderful thing but it has, as the process of evolution discovered, certain drawbacks. Anything that thinks logically can be fooled by something else which thinks at least as logically as it does.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|There's no trouble in this world so serious that it can't be cured with a hot bath, a glass of whiskey, and the Book of Common Prayer.
Stuart Connelly|For he was drinking too much. Not uncontrollably nor offensively, but still he seldom seemed to have a glass out of his hand.
Ross Caligiuri|Cherish your existence, for memories become legacies and life can change in an instant.
Gyomay M. Kubose, Everyday Suchness: Buddhist Essays on Everyday Living|None could be the most perfect. If indeed any, it is only perfect.
Jenn LeBlanc|Samson’s grace and surefootedness at breakneck paces was the closest Roxleigh had ever come to some semblance of peace in his life. His head was never clearer, his nerves were never calmer, and his mind was never more unbound than when he rode Samson. He listened to the horse’s steady breathing, the exertion of his exhalations, and the steady beat of his hooves, punctuated by the swift silence of the jumps and the exclamation of the landing, like a staccato symphony. His mind unfurled its stressed tethers with the smooth action of Samson at full speed.
Martin Bashir|In sports, every day you can be the hero or the goat.
Henry Johnson Jr|407Justice was like coloured balls in a magician's hand, changing colour and shape all the time beneath the light of politics.
Stephen Richards|Don’t settle for a half empty glass, always go for a full one!
C.S. Lewis|The public talk -- and injuriously! -- Well! are you ignorant of the little importance of such talk? -- The public speak! -- It is not the world, it is only the despicable part of it -- only the ill-natured, who upon the smallest evidence pass rash judgements, and anticipate events, the wise wait for them and are silent.
Erin Hunter, Fire and Ice|Who shall tell the lady's griefWhen her Cat was past relief?Who shall number the hot tearsShed o'er her, beloved for years?Who shall say the dark dismayWhich her dying caused that day?
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|if you can’t acquaint an opponent with reason, you must acquaint his head with the sidewalk.
Clementine von Radics, Mouthful of Forevers|Activism” is not just what we see on the streets or on the Internet or in the news; sometimes, “activism” is the simple act of doggedly, determinedly surviving.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|Mostly I couldn't bear... the paltry notion that memory was all that eternal life really meant, and I spent too much time wondering where people got the fortitude or delusion to keep on moving past the static dead.
Alexander Chee|While Pickstown may not be what it once was, it still is framed by the natural beauty of the ancient river, the sweep of the Great Plains, and the long, unbroken shoreline of the lake behind the dam. It gave me a 19th-century childhood in a modern mid-20th-century town, and for that I will always be grateful.
Scott Kelly|Diamond, for all its great beauty, is not nearly as interesting as the hexagonal plane of graphite. It is not nearly as interesting because we live in a three-dimensional space, and in diamond, each atom is surrounded in all three directions in space by a full coordination.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|When people come to a conclusion that is contrary to popular opinion, there’s a calm resolution to them, for they are experiencing a short burst of pride. They have just captured an intellectual territory, and they will hold that territory.
Aldous Huxley|We really only have two choices. Play it safe, or take a chance. For me, pulling back because of fear has always made me feel worse.
Ella Frank, Veiled Innocence|In public, you’re Joss Butler. Cool, self-possessed. In bed, you’re Jocelyn Butler—you’re hot, babe. Uncontrolled. Needy. Sweet,” he breathed. “I like that I know that. I don’t like the fact that other men do too.
Mopelola  Adeniyi, A Rough Diamond|Words can create, words give life, words can build, words can destroy. Words can bring something out of nothing. What are you saying?
Tomu Ohmi, Midnight Secretary, Vol. 05|Neither you, nor me, are "just vampires." Being vampires is just a part of what we are. There is no need to feel bound and chained by it.
Stephen McAndrew, Why It Doesn't Matter What You Believe If It's Not True: Is There Absolute Truth?|One of the most pernicious effects of religion is that it tends to divorce morality from the reality of human and animal suffering. Religion allows people to imagine that their concerns are moral when they are not--that is, when they have nothing to do with suffering or its alleviation. Indeed, religion allows people to imagine that their concerns are moral when they are highly immoral--that is, when pressing these concerns inflicts unnecessary and appalling suffering on innocent human beings.
Juliet Marillier, Raven Flight|One of the most difficult things to think about in life is one's regrets. Something will happen to you, and you will do the wrong thing, and for years afterward you will wish you had done something different.
Henry Winkler|What I kind of want to spread as my message to all kinds of youth that I get to reach out to is, you can do cool stuff; you've just got to put in time and be dedicated.
Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy|Some care is needed in using Descartes' argument. "I think, therefore I am" says rather more than is strictly certain. It might seem as though we are quite sure of being the same person to-day as we were yesterday, and this is no doubt true in some sense. But the real Self is as hard to arrive at as the real table, and does not seem to have that absolute, convincing certainty that belongs to particular experiences.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|Now, however open a person manages to be, there is one possibility to which he remains as closed as ever: the possibility that when he uncovers his deepest anxieties he will find hidden inside them certain horrifying truths which his whole effort to control his life has been designed to keep repressed.
David Walliams|My mum lives in Boston; she's famous for teaching wushu and t'ai chi. So from when I was young, my mum and aunt were like: 'You're training; you're not playing baseball or football.' Training every day was normal. Later, when I was almost a teenager, Bruce Lee became my idol.
Megan Duke, Without Me|He was protecting me with just the tips of his fingers, like five miniature copies of his heart touching my skin.
J. Oswald Sanders|If done "as God wants.' then leadership will surely include intercessory prayer. The saintly Bishop Azariah of India once remarked to Bishop Stephen Neill that he found time to pray daily, by name, for every leader in his extensive diocese. Little wonder that during his thirty years of eldering there, the diocese tripled its membership and greatly increase in spiritual effectiveness
Criss Jami|You are believing not in your god but in yourself if your god knows no better than you do...and yet, in this alone, I am afraid, you have already been fooling yourself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|La religion n'est pas un pont entre Dieu et l'homme, c'est une Grande Muraille de Chine entre eux!
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Why is it, that no matter how busy we are, we still find time to worry?
Jeanne McElvaney, Personal Development Insights|We sometimes get together with others hoping their mood will elevate ours. In a way, we want to bring leftovers to the potluck and we're hoping to fill our plates with apple pie. Energy tells us why this won't happen.When we show up for a buffet of conversations, we will be drawn to the moods that reflect what we brought with us. Our feelings, beliefs, and thoughts seek similar energy fields.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|I can't promise you that money will bring you happiness, because it didn't do it for me.But the lack of it, for sure, will bring you unhappiness.Money buys you options and security. Without options and security your soul cannot soar and be free.From my Upcoming book
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|I remember the big gaping hole left by my dad’s absence in the months following the accident. He’d been the one who went to my parent-teacher conferences, the one who taught me mnemonics to memorize the Great Lakes and the Earth’s atmospheres. Whenever I did something silly, my dad always made me feel better by telling me a story from the firehouse about someone who had done something even sillier. Sometimes you don’t realize all the things a person does for you until they aren’t there to do them anymore.
Dani Harper, Storm Bound|High to low, roof to floor, wall to wall, and door to door; Basement deep to sky above, fill this home with light and love.
J.J. Brown, Brindle 24|The quality of light by which we scrutinize our lives has direct bearing upon the product which we live, and upon the changes which we hope to bring about through those lives. It is within this light that we form those ideas by which we pursue our magic and make it realized. This is poetry as illumination, for it is through poetry that we give name to those ideas which are — until the poem — nameless and formless, about to be birthed, but already felt.
|No matter the level of sacrifices they may demand, it's far better to occupy yourself with your goals than to leave them unattended.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|I turned and found Dionysus standing there, still in his black suit.Walk with me,” he said.Where to?” I asked suspiciously.Just to the campfire,” he said. “I was beginning to feel better, so Ithought I would talk with you a bit. You always manage to annoy me.”Uh, thanks.
Mira Midha, Silent Voices on Paper white|Sometimes it is good to breach the rulesso as to achieve an end,Yet keep an edge and not break or bend.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|No one can make you 'better' emotionally, mentally, spiritually or physically. You have to find this for yourself. You have to taste that brutal moment when you're crying in a corner of the room, curled up on the floor and you think this is your end. You have to fight to stand up, literally. And you have to walk over to your reflection and scream, scream it all out. Then you have pick up your sword and fight and never quit. This is your life. Don't let those bastards win.
David Nicholls, Us|Well I can tell you now that married life is not a plateau, not at all. There are ravines and great jagged peaks and hidden crevasses that send the both of you scrabbling into darkness. Then there are dull, parched stretches that you feel will never end, and much of the journey is in fraught silence, and sometimes you can't see the other person at all, sometimes they drift off very far away from you, quite out of sight, and the journey is hard. It is just very, very, very hard.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Until you begin to sow yourself, ability, gifts, talent into that land God has called you into, prosperity will then be yours
Natalia Sanmartín Fenollera, The Awakening of Miss Prim|Big data is based on the feedback economy where the Internet of Things places sensors on more and more equipment. More and more data is being generated as medical records are digitized, more stores have loyalty cards to track consumer purchases, and people are wearing health-tracking devices. Generally, big data is more about looking at behavior, rather than monitoring transactions, which is the domain of traditional relational databases. As the cost of storage is dropping, companies track more and more data to look for patterns and build predictive models".
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Excellence is the Result of Caring more than others think is Wise, Risking more than others think is Safe, Dreaming more than others think is Practical, and Expecting more than others think is Possible.
Danu Morrigan, You're Not Crazy - It's Your Mother! Understanding and Healing for Daughters of Narcissistic Mothers|As you may already know, post-traumatic stress disorder is extremely complex. Each client has a unique, perhaps virtually unbelievable, set of experiences, and an almost equally set of reactions to those experiences.
Maria Shriver|It's difficult for a young girl like me. Because there's a certain time for young actresses, which is like a really juicy period when all the parts are love interests and young heroines. Of course, there's always work for men whatever age they are.
Ha-Joon Chang, Economics: The User's Guide|We believe in equality for all, and privileges for none. This is a belief that each American regardless of background has equal standing in the public forum, all of us. Because we believe this idea so firmly, we are an inclusive, rather than an exclusive party. Let everybody come.
Jose Rizal|I guess we all like to be recognized not for one piece of fireworks, but for the ledger of our daily work.
James Altucher, The Rich Employee|On the off-chance you won't live forever, maybe you should try being happy now.
Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz, Monadology|For all bodies are in perpetual flux like rivers, and parts are passing in and out of them continually.
Donald Maass|Beautiful writing is more than pretty prose. It creates resonance in readers’ minds with parallels, reversals, and symbols. It conjures a story world that is unique, highly detailed, and brought alive by the characters that dwell there. It offers moments of breath-catching surprise, heart-gripping insight, revelation, and self-understanding. It engages the reader’s mind with an urgent point, which we might call theme.
Raymond Holliwell|The mind of man has perplexed itself with many hard questions. Is space infinite, and in what sense? Is the material world infinite in extent, and are all places within that extent equally full of matter? Do atoms exist or is matter infinitely divisible?
Liane Moriarty, The Last Anniversary|She was infamous once upon a time. She's legendary now. The girl is a definite force to be reckoned with, though perhaps she doesn't know it yet.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|There comes a point when you have to realize that the sum of all your blood, sweat, and tears will ultimately amount to zero.
Timo Aijo|Sales is a constant state of information gathering and analysis. There are numerous factors that will affect your sale – from market position, to manufacturing capacity, to a seemingly harmless tidbit of information received over lunch. The more quality information you have, the better your analysis, and the better your sales results will be.
Jacqueline Novogratz|In the United States, where we have more land than people, it is not at all difficult for persons in good health to make money.
Pauline Hanson|The rise or fall of wages is common to all states of society, whether it be the stationary, the advancing, or the retrograde state.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|I've been playing in the field of life on my own for a while now and it's fair to say I have gained myself along the way, I gotta admit though, after all this time I am damn well excited to fall insanely inLove with someone who knows how to take my breath away.
Akosua Dardaine Edwards, What Did I Learn Today? Lessons on The Journey to Unconditional Self-Love|Believe in yourself. Believe in your abilities; believe in your talent, your uniqueness on this earth. Believe that there is something in you that’s special. Believe that you are here for a reason, that you have something to contribute. You must believe in you before others will do so
Sergei Lavrov|My relationship with the mountains actually started when I was 16. Every year, a group used to be taken from Auckland Grammar down to the Tangariro National Park for a skiing holiday.
Thomas Jefferson, Notes on the State of Virginia|The poor who have neither property, friends, nor strength to labor are boarded in the houses of good farmers, to whom a stipulated sum is annually paid. To those who are able to help themselves a little or have friends from whom they derive some succor, inadequate however to their full maintenance, supplementary aids are given which enable them to live comfortably in their own houses or in the houses of their friends. Vagabonds without visible property or vocation, are placed in work houses, where they are well clothed, fed, lodged, and made to labor
Anthony Liccione|And when the earth began to rumble and quake, as fear and frantic set in, he ran back inside the house past his wife and children, gathering all the valuables and things he thought of importance, and ran back to his car packing away. After making two trips in and out, he waited in the car for his family to come out, in fear they darted through the darkness and pelting cold rain. When everything calmed down, and the house was intact and safe, he returned putting everything back in its place, had the kids go to bed, told his wife he loves her and turned off the light.
Nikos Kazantzakis|With the passage of days in this godly isolation [desert], my heart grew calm. It seemed to fill with answers. I did not ask questions any more; I was certain. Everything - where we came from, where we are going, what our purpose is on earth - struck me as extremely sure and simple in this God-trodden isolation. Little by little my blood took on the godly rhythm. Matins, Divine Liturgy, vespers, psalmodies, the sun rising in the morning and setting in the evening, the constellations suspended like chandeliers each night over the monastery: all came and went, came and went in obedience to eternal laws, and drew the blood of man into the same placid rhythm. I saw the world as a tree, a gigantic poplar, and myself as a green leaf clinging to a branch with my slender stalk. When God's wind blew, I hopped and danced, together with the entire tree.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|How quickly people changed, with their interests, their feelings. Well-made phrases replaced by well-made phrases, time is a flow of words coherent only in appearance, the one who piles up the most is the one who wins.
José Saramago, Skylight|Experience-taking changes us by allowing us to merge our own lives with those of the characters we read about. It doesn’t happen all the time. It only occurs when people are able, in a sense, to forget about themselves and their own self-concept and self-identity while reading.You have to be able to take yourself out of the picture, and really lose yourself in the book in order to have this authentic experience of taking on a character’s identity.
William Howard Taft|A National Government cannot create good times. It cannot make the rain to fall, the sun to shine, or the crops to grow, but it can, by pursuing a meddlesome policy, attempting to change economic conditions, and frightening the investment of capital, prevent a prosperity and a revival of business which might otherwise have taken place.
Keith Ablow, Murder Suicide|From cradle to grave this problem of running order through chaos, direction through space, discipline through freedom, unity through multiplicity, has always been, and must always be, the task of education, as it is the moral of religion, philosophy, science, art, politics and economy; but a boy's will is his life, and he dies when it is broken, as the colt dies in harness, taking a new nature in becoming tame...
Jillian Cantor, Margot|I am good at keeping secrets. I am wrapped in them now, the way I am wrapped in lies, like my sweater, clinging tightly to my skin, even on the hottest of days.
Justin Verlander|I suffer from an amazing amount of insecurities, and I'm grateful that my body image, it's normally not something I pay attention to.
Wallace D. Wattles, The Science of Getting Rich|There are three motives for which we live; we live for the body, we live for the mind, we live for the soul. No one of these is better or holier than the other; all are alike desirable, and no one of the three—body, mind, or soul—can live fully if either of the others is cut short of full life and expression.
Alexandra Bunker|He’d do what was best for her. He’d take her to safety and send her back home to a bright future…with amore honorable man than him. The stick broke in his hand, and he muttered an oath. All he wanted was for Amelia to be safe and happy, dammit. That and to beat every honorable man in England into the dust.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|You can resolve to live your life with integrity. Let your credo be this: Let the lie come into the world, let it even triumph. But not through me.
Knausgaard, Karl Ove|There is pleasure in reading a version of myself I know in my heart could never exist, since mine is not an iron mind coldly calculating every possible option and outcome. Instead I am a businessman who loves excitement, loves tension, loves risk and the unexpected, and just happens to possess an extraordinary, on occasion even miraculous, degree of good luck.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|Love keeps no record of wrongs, but bitterness keeps detailed accounts.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Just because someone is a keyholder, does not mean they will always help you unlock the door you want to go through – no matter how much you think you deserve to go through it. Sometimes you just have to reach out and take it.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|Um i'm happy to sit close to you and everything, but i had no idea you would like it so much,' Paris muttered.
Arlene Brown|At the end, someone or something always gives up. It is either you give up and quit or the obstacle or failure gives up and makes way for your success to come through.
Sarvesh Jain|In the world we live, either everyone is stupid or no one is.
Hanya Yanagihara|You get people who come to London, sever links with where they come from, and then when they need people, there's nobody there. To feel like you can't go back home would be a horribly sad place to be, as is mistaking fame for genuine love and affection.
Michael B. Jordan|The Industrial Age is not sustainable. It's not sustainable in ecological terms, and it's not sustainable in human terms.
Louise L. Hay|You have to enable and empower people to make decisions independent of you. As I've learned, each person on a team is an extension of your leadership; if they feel empowered by you they will magnify your power to lead.
Scott Howell|What we now call 'finance' is, I hold, an intellectual perversion of what began as warm human love.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|There is nothing wrong with being on the bottom once in awhile, but don’t stay there, women! New positions will give you new perspective, and new perspective will give you new experiences, and new experiences will give you a meaningful life.
Jeff Bridges|The Oklahoma City bombing was simple technology, horribly used. The problem is not technology. The problem is the person or persons using it.
D.  Miller, Robbie the Dysfunctional Robot|...you missed the chance to explore the equally interesting Buddhist belief in being present for every facet of your daily life, of being truly present. Be present in this class. And then, when it's over be present out there,
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated: The Life Of A Boy Who Never Knew A Mother's Love|Life was fragile and love was, too. At any moment, even our happiest ones, our world could shatter and we wouldn’t see it coming. There was only more loss ahead, showing its ugly face when we least expected it.
Rajeev|Borrowing other people’s culture and adopting other people’s way of life does destroy nation’s self-respect which is the greatest asset a true citizen can enjoy more than food and clothes, more than all amenities and more than military glory. You can adopt a system of government and a way of life, but can you adopt the past history, travail and tradition out of which that system of government and a way of life were evolved? Can we adopt King Charles, King John, Magna Carta and civil wars and Cromwell as our own? They can always say “We evolved a system and a way of life”, but we must always sing in refrain, “We borrowed them”. Adopting a culture is not the same as adopting the use of a gadget. It is like tying other peoples’ mangoes to your tree, while plucking and throwing away your own. How absurd!
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|I don't know, where i am goingBut i know, i am on my wayI don't know, what i am doingBut i know, it is rightI don't know , what i seeBut i know, it is beautifulI don't know, what i hearBut i know, it is sweetI don't know, who i amBut i know, i am nothing
James F. Cooper|The momentum of freedom in our world is unmistakable - and it is not carried forward by our power alone. We can trust in that greater power Who guides the unfolding of the years. And in all that is to come, we can know that His purposes are just and true.
Liz Zombie|Once you start something, finish it. Never give up...
Gwyneth Paltrow|It doesn't matter what anyone else thinks. It matters what you think of yourself and what your children think. So if anyone is going to ask my advice, I'd say, do what is right for you and don't give a shit what anyone else thinks
George Gordon Byron|Making judgments on films is in many ways so peculiarly vaporous an occupation that the only question is why, beyond the obvious opportunities for a few lectures fees and a little careerism at a dispiritingly self-limiting level, anyone does it in the first place.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Forget about letting nature taking its course to make you wealthy, Cosmic Ordering works faster.
Martin Luther|Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.
Elizabeth Morgan, Cranberry Blood|Hey!” He snapped out of his musings as Destiny’s hand trailed down his body to cup his less than interested cock through his trousers. “Claws to self, Vampira, I assume you brush your teeth twice a day but I have no idea where those hands of yours have been.
Myles Munroe, Waiting and Dating|A woman may be beautiful but have poor character. A man may be a business genius, making money left and right, but lack common courtesy, sensitivity, and compassion.
Adam Nicolson, God's Secretaries : The Making of the King James Bible|Many today view love and doctrine as enemies, or at best as rivals.
WeeKittyAndTAT|Am learning every day that there are more threads to me That I have been rising and changing, rediscovering who I ambecoming who I want to be putting the broken pieces back together and becoming an arrowcontinuing to rise into the light.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|The aftermath of bearing shackles is an exquisite devastation, fraught with the ravages of survival. Even though one is no longer held captive—be that from a person, a government, or one’s inner self—the scars are deeply engraved into one’s psyche, and there’s no remedy for the soul. Many have the misconception that freedom equals happiness forever and ever.That’s a wicked delusion.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Work is just a part of our Life, not vice versa. So Live life full time, work work, part time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be like stars; when darkness tries to stop you from shining, shine all the more.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Abu'd-Darda' (may Allah be pleased with him) said, "I heard the Messenger of Allah (may Allah bless him and grant him peace), say, 'Allah will make the path to the Garden easy for anyone who travels a path in search of knowledge. Angels spread their wings for the seeker of knowledge out of pleasure for what he is doing. Everyone in the heavens and everyone in the earth ask forgiveness for a man of knowledge, even the fish in the water. The superiority of the man of knowledge to the man of worship is like the superiority of the moon to all the planets. The men of knowledge are the heirs of the Prophets. The Prophets bequeath neither dinar nor dirham; they bequeath knowledge. Whoever takes it has taken an ample portion.'" [Related by Abu Dawud and Tirmidhi; Riyad al-Salihin: 1388]
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|Couples will no longer spend their nights in their houses dedicated to habitation and reception, the customary social reason for banalization. The chamber of love will be more remote from the center of the city: it will completely naturally re-create for the partners the notion of ex-centricity, in a place less open to the light, more hidden, in order to return to the atmosphere of the secret. The contrary move, the search for a center of thought, will proceed by the same technique.
Shannon L. Alder|A fool I was to sleep at noon,  And wake when night is chilly Beneath the comfortless cold moon; A fool to pluck my rose too soon,  A fool to snap my lily. My garden-plot I have not kept;  Faded and all-forsaken,I weep as I have never wept: Oh it was summer when I slept,  It's winter now I waken. Talk what you please of future spring  And sun-warm'd sweet to-orrow: Stripp'd bare of hope and everything, No more to laugh, no more to sing,  I sit alone with sorrow.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Close your eyes!""You can't kiss me from down there, Wylan." "Just do it!
Walt Griffin, Diggin' Elroy|I can write about all of these bizarre and funny characters in my book, "Diggin' Elroy," because I know them better than anyone else. I have a little bit of all of them in me.
Ally Condie, Reached|Writing, painting, singing- it cannot stop everything. Cannot halt death in its tracks. But perhaps it can make the pause between death’s footsteps sound and look and feel beautiful, can make the space of waiting a place where you can linger without as much fear. For we are all walking each other to our deaths, and the journey there between footsteps makes up our lives.
Horace|Make money, money by fair means if you can, if not, but any means money. 
Travie McCoy|I think our movie, 'Now You See Me,' is an emotional movie rooted in smart and wits and fully amazing actors working perfectly together. It's like a supergroup of musicians.
Helen Humphreys, Leaving Earth|Dark is just light turned inside out, thinks Maddy. Why be afraid of that?
Sunday Adelaja|Destruction was calm, almost content- would he next break out in song like a Disney princess?
w.e. channing|God be thanked for books! they are the voices of the distant and the dead, and make us heirs of the spiritual life of past ages.
A.J. Locke, Affairs of the Dead|Out in the shadows of the city, in the houses and cellars, in the secret rooms and locked attics, a stirring cold be sensed. The ghosts and spirits-of-place whispered and muttered on the edge of hearing, glided and flowed on the edge of sight. They were pleased with the turn of events; it was they who had driven the small garrison of Polypontian troops out to die in the snow. It was they who’d haunted their movements through the cities. And it was they who had joined them on watch in the dark of the night, filling their minds with a slow-growing fear, which had evolved into a terror that had driven them mad… The Queen had returned, and some of the people, and the rest of the folk would one day come back and they could slip back into their minds, becoming the warp and the weft of the legend and stories. Becoming the fireside companions of long winter nights, living their lives for a while in the minds of the breathing, in the blood that still flowed, in the feelings that still thrilled to nerves that still sensed.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|As much as they were right for each other, time wasn't right for them.
Scott Spencer|He's seen me at my stray dog lowest and still he stood behind me, did everything he could to help me. He saw the future I could have before I even wanted it for myself, and he was the one to push me towards it. That's faith. Growing up, I thought faith was about believing Jesus died for us and that if I held on to that, I'd get to meet him when I died too. But faith doesn't mean that to me anymore. Now it means someone seeing something in you that you've never seen in yourself, and not giving up until you see it too. I want that. I miss that.
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|We are not just a skin-encapsulated ego, a soul encased in flesh. We are each other and we are the world.
Elie Wiesel, Open Heart|I still believe in man in spite of man. I believe in language even though it has been wounded, deformed, and perverted by the enemies of mankind. And I continue to cling to words because it is up to us to transform them into instruments of comprehension rather than contempt. It is up to us to choose whether we wish to use them to curse or to heal, to wound or to console.
Lawrence  W. Reed|My take on socialism is this: Socialism only seems to work when you don't fully implement it, when you keep enough capitalism around to pay socialism's bills, at least for a time. It's the difference between milking the cow and killing it. Socialism has no theory of wealth creation; it's just a destructive, envy-driven fantasy about redistributing it after something else (and somebody else) creates it first.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|... an artist should paint from the heart, and not always what people expect. Predictability often leads to the dullest work, in my opinion, and we have been bored stiff long enough I think.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|First, be better than yourself, then strive to better than your competitors.
Zeena Schreck|There are Tantrics who deliberately break taboos and social norms and then there are other Tantrics who, by means of their practices and the way that they practice, that to society in general, it may have the appearance of breaking social norms but in fact that is just the manifestation of the progress of their practice.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|In my work with hundreds of women over the past few years a theme has emerged: women’s desperate, unquenchable desire to step into their power, countered by the fear of what will happen if they do. The longing to express the riches inside them, wrestling with the deep terror of being burned by the judgement, hatred or rejection of strangers or loved ones if they do. This fear of being burned is an oddly female one. It is a fear which keeps us small and scared… but seemingly safe. From the outside this can seem like an overreaction. Both the need, and the fear. But women, it seems, have an innate knowing of what it means to burn… and be burned. They know the dangers in their bones. And it makes them wary.
Courtney Milan, Unraveled|Secrets affect you more than you’d think. You lie to keep them hidden. You steer talk away from them. You worry someone’ll discover yours and tell the world. You think you are in charge of the secret, but isn’t it the secret who’s actually using you?
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|There is an interdependence between those who have and those who have not. The process of giving exalts the poor and humbles the rich. In the process, both are sanctified.
Ron Rash, Serena|We had some good times at school. I didn't know how good those times was till I left, but I guess that's the way of it
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Pure|Ever since I’ve met you, I’ve wanted to break every rule.” Aiden turned away, the muscles in his neck tensing. He sighed. “You’ll become the centre of someone’s world one day. And he’ll be the luckiest son of a bitch on this earth.
Woody Guthrie|Take it easy, but take it.
Rajasaraswathii, I Want to be a Millionaire|Producing what is required for the time, without damaging our inbuilt features is an art
Penelope Lively, Moon Tiger|I control the world so long as I can name it. Which is why children must chase language before they do anything else, tame the wilderness by describing it, challenge God by learning His hundred names.
Andre Gide|It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
Twiggy|I'd love there to be more larger models, but it's just not going to happen. Designers love to design for slim girls.
Bernard Cornwell, Vagabond|Certainly the primary imperative of a physician is to be skilled in medical science, but if he or she does not probe a patient's soul, then the doctor's care is given without caring, and part of the sacred mission of healing is missing.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|Yesterday he had limped, but today there was no part of his feet that didn't hurt, so limping did no good.
Susan Goldsmith|Destiny was a machine built over time, each choice that you made in life adding another gear, another conveyor belt, another assemblyman. Where you ended up was the product that was spit out at the end—and there was no going back for a redo. You couldn‟t take a peek at what you‟d manufactured and decide, Oh, wait, I wanted to make sewing machines instead of machine guns; let me go back to the beginning and start again. One shot. That was all you got.
Virginia Woolf|That is why Napoleon and Mussolini both insist so emphatically upon the inferiority of women, for if they were not inferior, they would cease to enlarge. That serves to explain in part the necessity that women so often are to men. And it serves to explain how restless they are under her criticism; how impossible it is for her to say to them this book is bad, this picture is feeble, or whatever it may be, without giving far more pain and rousing far more anger than a man would do who gave the same criticism. For if she begins to tell the truth, the figure in the looking-glass shrinks; his fitness for life is diminished. How is he to go on giving judgement, civilising natives, making laws, writing books, dressing up and speechifying at banquets, unless he can see himself at breakfast and at dinner at least twice the size he really is?. . . they say to themselves as they go into the room, I am the superior of half the people here, and it is thus that they speak with that self-confidence, that self-assurance, which have such profound consequences in public life and lead to such curious notes in the margin of the private mind.
Miguel Ángel Sáez Gutiérrez «Marino»|The greatest joy of the oppressed people, is enjoying his freedom while,the greatest misfortune of the oppressors is to suffer for the joy of his people.
Belsebuub|To struggle against darkness is not to blunder ignorantly; intelligence is needed to generate right action. Wisdom guides whether to act or not, and if so how. Sometimes darkness is overwhelming and intelligent action is required. Sometimes silence and inaction is required, but a silence which is the result of intelligence is different from that born of ego states such as pride, fear and laziness.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Suddenly, like a thing falling upon me from without, came fear.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Most of our fears are borrowed. Since that’s the case, we should get busy returning them.
Nora Roberts, Heart of the Sea|Sex might satisfy, food might fuel, love might sustain, but without coffee, what is the point?
Paul Leppin, Blaugast : A Novel of Decline|The gap in the fire which had opened up before him, so that the twisted grimace on the face of existence had become visible through the play of the flames, narrowed to disappear completely. His back hurt and he could hear darkness breathing audibly.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|In a universe in which past, present, and future came into existence all at once, complete from beginning to end, with all possible outcomes of every life woven through the tapestry, there is no chance, only choice, no luck, but only consequences.
Victoria H. Smith, Holiday Fling|I think of it like a caterpillar--a wrinkly, ugly worm with traces of dull colors on it. But when the worm metamorphoses, it becomes something truly beautiful.” Charli
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Love and compassion are the mother and father of a smile. We need to create more smiles in our world today. Smiles, after all, pave the way to a happy world.
Charbel Tadros|It is the duty of every wise person to seek out people with potential and freely guide them on the path of wisdom. By doing so, the wise leaders of the future are born, and the world will have a chance to mend itself.
Molly Friedenfeld|It’s not difficult to put a girl in bottle; especially when she thinks, she is the boss.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|What keeps all living things busy and in motion is the striving to exist. But when existence is secured, they do not know what to do: that is why the second thing that sets them in motion is a striving to get rid of the burden of existence, not to feel it any longer, 'to kill time', i.e. to escape boredom.
C. JoyBell C.|Losing something happens in a day. An end takes one day. We all seem to focus on that one day, on that ending, rather than on the beautiful story that was created before the end came. We are obsessed with endings, so much so, that we would rather not live at all, than live and then lose. So, we have two choices: to not create our stories because we know that one day they have endings, or, to build our stories and therefore to live, filling the many years with memories and moments! An end takes one day to happen, but life takes place in the moments and in the memories that we choose to feel, to build, to hold. Don't miss out on the years, for the fear of one day.
Roberto Burle Marx|From plants that wake when others sleep, from timid jasmine buds that keep their odour to themselves all day, but when the sunlight dies away let the delicious secret out to every breeze that roams about.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|Respect is reverence out of love, Fear is reverence out of hate.Choose Wisely
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|The ultimate goal of farming is not the growing of crops, but the cultivation and perfection of human beings.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you are waiting to be compelled before you could invest your time productively, then, it means you are not the owner of your life but the system that is compelling you.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|A Colder breeze lifted a dead leaf to the roof and sent it scuttling merrily on its way to catch in my hair. It crackled dry and brittle when Chris plucked it out and held it, just staring down at a dead maple leaf as if his very life depended on reading its secret for knowing how to blow in the wind. No arms, no legs, no wings... bit it could fly when dead.
Paul Gallico|Nothing snubs quite like a cat. What evolutionary purpose did it serve, this inherent disdain, this artful blanking?
Anja Owona Okoa, What if we're faeries?|Sometimes you see English people going out to pub, bar or disco with friends, standing awkwardly together drinking beer or gin and tonic and waiting for something ‘romantic’ to happen. Usually nothing happens apart from everybody getting drunk, which is hardly romantic. So, typically, instead of meeting Mr or Miss Right they meet Mr or Miss Right Now, which lasts as long as there is enough alcohol circulating in the blood vessel.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known.
P.G. Wodehouse, Very Good, Jeeves!|We will meet; and there we may rehearse mostobscenely and courageously.Shakespeare, Midsummer Night's Dream. Spoken by Bottom, Act I Sc. 2
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|On this night I had searched for them without success, fearing to find them; they were nowhere in the house, nor about the moonlit dawn. For, although the sun is lost to us for ever, the moon, full-orbed or slender, remains to us. Sometimes it shines by night, sometimes by day, but always it rises and sets, as in that other life.
Abhijit Naskar|Belief is indeed psychologically important for the human mind of general population, but that belief should be nicely compatible with scientific reasoning, otherwise that belief turns into prejudice, which is never beneficial to the human life.
Sunday Adelaja|Rich people don’t work for money, they are doing what they like to do; they devote themselves to a job they love and do not live waiting for a well-deserved rest or retirement, but work passionately until the end of their lives
Shannon Celebi, Papa Was A Gypsy|He seemed to hasten the retreat of departing light by his very presence; the setting sun dipped sharply, as though fleeing before our nigger; a black mist emanated from him; a subtle and dismal influence; a something cold and gloomy that floated out and settled on all the faces like a mourning veil. The circle broke up. The joy of laughter died on stiffened lips.
Oliver North|The healthcare bill not only is a monstrosity in terms of growing the government and cutting out the private sector, the way it was passed was sleazy. Every old Washington trick was used to pass the healthcare bill.
Ginnifer Goodwin|I remember being a teenager and seeing Seymour Cassel across a crowded room and being incredibly star struck, and not having the courage to say, 'Hello.'
M.A. George, Relativity| It’s a long shot, but this baby is pretty cool.” He pushed the button that brought up the menu. “I need to run a search.”“Of course, master,” the computer said with an inviting smile. “Which pornographic material should I seek out today?”Dante grinned. “Really? You can do that?” He felt Meg’s stare. “Nothing like that.
Norman Maclean, Young Men and Fire|Love your neighbor, even the ones who do not show you the same courtesy. You can’t expect to receive love if you’re selective and not really willing to give it. What you put into the world, you will indeed get back, even if it’s not from the person you’re expecting it to be.
Catherine Anderson, Comanche Moon|I strike fear into you because I am a man?""It isn't funny.""I do not laugh. It is a sad thing, yes, that your husband is a man. A very terrible thing.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Listen, Google,’ I will say, ‘both John and Paul are courting me. I like both of them, but in a different way, and it’s so hard to make up my mind. Given everything you know, what do you advise me to do?’And Google will answer: ‘Well, I know you from the day you were born. I have read all your emails, recorded all your phone calls, and know your favourite films, your DNA and the entire history of your heart. I have exact data about each date you went on, and if you want, I can show you second-by-second graphs of your heart rate, blood pressure and sugar levels whenever you went on a date with John or Paul. If necessary, I can even provide you with accurate mathematical ranking of every sexual encounter you had with either of them. And naturally enough, I know them as well as I know you. Based on all this information, on my superb algorithms, and on decades’ worth of statistics about millions of relationships – I advise you to go with John, with an 87 per cent probability of being more satisfied with him in the long run.Indeed, I know you so well that I also know you don’t like this answer. Paul is much more handsome than John, and because you give external appearances too much weight, you secretly wanted me to say “Paul”. Looks matter, of course; but not as much as you think. Your biochemical algorithms – which evolved tens of thousands of years ago in the African savannah – give looks a weight of 35 per cent in their overall rating of potential mates. My algorithms – which are based on the most up-to-date studies and statistics – say that looks have only a 14 per cent impact on the long-term success of romantic relationships. So, even though I took Paul’s looks into account, I still tell you that you would be better off with John.
Debasish Mridha|Hope is the thread between life and death,As long as hope is alive we take breath.
Laura Lippman, Baltimore Blues|Librarians who are arguing and lobbying for clever e-book lending solutions are completely missing the point. They are defending the library-as-warehouse concept, as opposed to fighting for the future, which is librarian as producer, concierge, connector, teacher, and impresario.
Franca Storm, Comfort Zone|The man was more highly strung than Margaret Thatcher on the rag, God rest her.
Colin Quinn|Sometimes you don't let us talk about how we're feeling. If we feel scared, you say, 'Nothing to worry about, guys,' but that doesn't make it go away. It makes it grow.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|If I knew I was going to die tomorrow,And Spring came the day after tomorrow,I would die peacefully, because it came the day after tomorrow.If that’s its time, when else should it come?I like it that everything is real and everything is right;And I like that it would be like this even if I didn’t like it.And so, if I die now, I die peacefullyBecause everything is real and everything is right.
Jade Goodmore|Thank god he's holding me because if he weren't, I'd float away.
Marsha Blackburn|Earmarks are almost always inserted by a member of Congress without any notice to other members, and without a chance for Congress as a whole to debate a particular earmark as they relate to national priorities.
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|God did not create evolution--evolution created God. The evolution of religion is as follows: animism--polytheism--monotheism--agnosticism--atheism. As history progresses, people worship fewer and fewer gods, and the one God becomes the incredible shrinking god. He shrinks and shrinks until he becomes insignificant. More and more theists go about their business as if God isn't there. Some even become agnostics or atheists.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|It may be that I link every library to that first one - to my early childhood experience of drawing on the floor near my father's desk. A library is of course a real place, but it is also an unreal one. What happens there is mostly silent. I think I've always liked the whispering aspect of libraries, the hushing librarians and my feeling of solitude among many.
Mark Twain|In a good bookroom you feel in some mysterious way that you are absorbing the wisdom contained in all the books through your skin, without even opening them.
Brittany Snow|If you want to make the best of yourself, you don't necessarily need to diet - you need to wear the right stuff.
Hillary Clinton|Very early, I thought I would go into music, but I was aware that it would bring a set of obstacles I didn't find particularly attractive. Also, I'm not a great performer! For a while, I thought I would do something in landscape gardening. But it was always fashion for me.
John C. Maxwell|I don't believe that if you do good, good things will happen. Everything is completely accidental and random. Sometimes bad things happen to very good people and sometimes good things happen to bad people. But at least if you try to do good things, then you're spending your time doing something worthwhile.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|Jesus was surely not the first exorcist to walk the shores of the Sea of Galilee. In first-century Palestine, professional wonder worker was a vocation as well established as that of woodworker or mason, and far better paid. Galilee especially abounded with charismatic fantasts claiming to channel the divine for a nominal fee. Yet from the perspective of the Galileans, what set Jesus apart from his fellow exorcists and healers is that he seemed to be providing his services free of charge.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Striving to be good is the ultimate struggle of every man. Being bad is easy, but being good requires sincere commitment, discipline and strength. We have to work hard every day just to remain good.
Farzana Zahid, The Prince and The Fairy|She believes in love, in destiny and she knows ...she feels her prince in her destiny. She just has to wait for the right time.....
Susan C. Young|Reconsideration creates a great opportunity for you to contemplate a previous decision, opinion, action, behavior, or position. “Second-guessing” can at times be very helpful. Have you ever felt strongly about something, but when you reconsidered new information which came to light you changed your position?
Lana Del Rey|Like a groupie incognito posing as a real singer, life imitates art.
Gabor Maté, In the Realm of Hungry Ghosts: Close Encounters with Addiction|Abigail Adams is willing to risk her son's exposure to danger in Europe so that he can be at his fathers side, at an age where he can "most benefit from his father's example and precepts.
Tim Clinton, Break Through: When to Give In, How to Push Back: The Moment that Changes Everything|Often, our misunderstandings about love are born in disruptive family relationships, where someone was either one-up or one-down to an extreme. There is an appropriate and necessary difference in the balance of power between parents and young children, but in the best situations, there should be no power struggles by the time those children have become adults - just deep connection, trust, and respect between people who sincerely care about each other.In disruptive families, children are taught to remain one-up or one-down into adulthood. And this produces immature adults who either seek to dominate others (one-up) or who allow themselves to be dominated (one-down) in their relationships - one powerful and one needy, one enabling and one addicted, one decisive and one confused.In relationships with these people, manipulation abounds. Especially when they start to feel out of control.
Gertrude Stein, Tender Buttons|A FEATHER.A feather is trimmed, it is trimmed by the light and the bug and the post, it is trimmed by little leaning and by all sorts of mounted reserves and loud volumes. It is surely cohesive.
Shannon L. Alder|Every broken heart has one time or another asked, "What is important to me now?
David Benioff|The merciful Providence - or whatever power there is in the universe - has so ordained things that our little world will go on without us. Indeed, it will not miss us for long. It is a comfort to know that the waters close over us quickly. Only a few remember the splash and struggle, and fancy it important, really....I daresay we are making all this fuss for nothing.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Do you give the horse his strength or clothe his neck with a flowing mane? Do you make him leap like a locust, striking terror with his proud snorting? He paws fiercely, rejoicing in his strength, and charges into the fray. He laughs at fear, afraid of nothing; he does not shy away from the sword. The quiver rattles against his side, along with the flashing spear and lance. In frenzied excitement he eats up the ground; he cannot stand still when the trumpet sounds."Job 39:19-25
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|Generations of readers, bored with their own alienating, repetitious jobs, have been mesmerized by Crusoe's essential, civilization-building chores.
Shay Rucker, On the Edge of Love|Look here, cousin,” Big Country’s drawled in the background. “This here’s a car. We just got off a plane, and no matter how fast you push this bitch, she ain’t gon’ fly, so believe me when I say, I refuse to die over some foolishness you call love, not today.
Joe Abercrombie, The Blade Itself|When he heard there was nothing to eat, he sat down and wept… “Why did I ever wake up!” he cried.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|We’re meant to protect each other, but not from everything. Not fromthe truth. That’s what it means to love someone but let them be themselves.-Jace Wayland
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|When God is our Holy Father, sovereignty, holiness, omniscience, and immutability do not terrify us; they leave us full of awe and gratitude. Sovereignty is only tyrannical if it is unbounded by goodness; holiness is only terrifying if it is untempered by grace; omniscience is only taunting if it is unaccompanied by mercy; and immutability is only torturous if there is no guarantee of goodwill.
Shampa Sharma, Soulmates Never Part|Sometimes happiness can come very simply, purely, merely if one is ready to embrace it with open arms.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The worst readers are those who behave like plundering troops: they take away a few things they can use, dirty and confound the remainder, and revile the whole.
Jimmi Simpson|Future generations will know there's nothing mystical about wetware because by 2100, Moore's law will have given us tiny quantum computers powerful enough to upload a human soul.
Ellen Schreiber, The Coffin Club|Their beauty had always seemed to him like the beauty of pressed flowers-lovely, but dead.
Bill Plotkin|Imagination may be the most essential, uniquely human capacity - creating both the dead-end crises of our time and the doorway through them.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The reason why the world lacks unity, and lies broken and in heaps, is, because man is disunited with himself.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|I never asked my mother where babies came from but I remember clearly the day she volunteered the information....my mother called me to set the table for dinner. She sat me down in the kitchen, and under the classic caveat of 'loving each other very, very much,' explained that when a man and a woman hug tightly, the man plants a seed in the woman. The seed grows into a baby. Then she sent me to the pantry to get placemats. As a direct result of this conversation, I wouldn't hug my father for two months.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep pain, the sacred voice must speak to survive.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Writing is my passion, expression and an incessant obsession.
Shunryu Suzuki|The best way to control people is to encourage them to be mischievous...To give your sheep or cow a large, spacious meadow is the way to control him. So it is with people: first let them do what they want, and watch them... To ignore them is not good; that is the worst policy. The second worst is trying to control them. The best one is to watch them, just to watch them, without trying to control them.
John Eldredge|The storm is over, there is sunlight in my heart. I have a glass of wine and sit thinking of what has passed.
Cate Blanchett|Marriage is a risk; I think it's a great and glorious risk, as long as you embark on the adventure in the same spirit.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|Did you know I have always suspected that men were idiots," Daphne ground out, "but I was never positive until today.
James Russell Lowell|At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom.
Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life|A sure way of retaining the grace of heaven is to disregard outward appearances, and diligently to cultivate such things as foster amendment of life and fervour of soul, rather than to cultivate those qualities that seem most popular.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Dear Lord,” she said in a strangled whisper. “I can bear it for a while...but please don't let it hurt forever.
Kamand Kojouri|Poetry is seeing everything when there is only one thing. It is looking at a rose but seeing the stars, moons, seas, and trees. It is a truth beyond logic, an experience beyond thought. Poetry is the Earth pausing on its axis in order to manifest itself as a rose.
M.L. Terese, Fear Not the Starry Sky: A Kathleen Lang Novel|A black telephonereceiver was stuffed in the small space between his ear and hisshoulder; he motioned for them to sit in the stiff wooden armchairs infront of his desk. Moments later he hung up the phone, the baseringing lightly from the impact.“So you’re still in a mess, aren’t you?” he said.
Mary Higgins Clark, A Stranger Is Watching|maybe if people weren't so careless, then nothing would need to be caged.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|The line from Pulp Fiction—the one Samuel L. Jackson shouts at John Travolta as they’re trying to wash blood off their hands—pops into my head: 'I used the same soap you did and when I dried my hands, the towel didn't look like no fuckin’ maxi-pad!' I almost—almost—share this most quotable of cinematic quotes with him, when I remember it contains The Word. You know: 'maxi-pad.
J.M. Darhower, Extinguish|I’ve spent my entire existence watching over children, trying to keep the evil from tainting them. I look at the kids and see their inherent goodness, their innocence, and their compassion. They’re born that way. They only change, only turn their backs on the world, when the world turns their back on them.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|Dogs are masters of creating emotionally safe space just by being themselves. ... it is as if something deep within our souls resonates with their energy, their unwavering unconditional love and unbridled joy to be in our presence, their undivided loyalty, and complete trust in us. Dogs make us feel special, and teach us by example to relish simple pleasures and live totally in the moment. They teach us there is only now and only who you are, who you are with, and what you are doing right then–andwhat could be better than to sniff the wind and be in the company of those you love?
|Amazing things would never seize to unfold if you think with faith and walk to the cadences of courage, confidence and enthusiasm.
Captain B. F. 'Hawkeye' Peirce, M*A*S*H|War isn't hell. War is war, and Hell is hell, and not the two, war is a lot worse.
Thomas Sowell|Mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own government.
Calia Read, Every Which Way|Pride is all about selfishness. Valuing and preferring ourselves, our agendas, our perspectives over anything or anyone else. Pride is easily o ended (“How dare he say that!”). Pride is easily irritated (“ at’s not what I said!”). Pride is easily embittered (“I am never speaking to her again!”). Pride has no problem breaking up relationship based on misunderstanding.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must seek together to address the good aspirations of people everywhere, for we are bound together through great commonality.
George Herbert|Things happen for a reason, and the only thing you can do is at night time get on your knees and ask God for forgiveness for anything that you did that you didn't feel was right.
Harry S Truman|There may be a great fire in our hearts, yet no one ever comes to warm himself at it, and the passers-by see only a wisp of smoke.
Raouf Ayoub|He always maintained that we fear something because we recognize it as fearsome through rational inferences, and that only the reason had any power; the heart had none. While I ate well and drank well, he kept demonstrating to me the advantages of reason... In striving after the positive, the poor man had argued away all life's splendour, all the sunbeams, all the faith and all the flowers, leaving nothing but the cold, positive grave.
Dierks Bentley|I've three children, three grandchildren, I work, I travel, and I'm very happily married. I'm very satisfied and happy with my life and there really isn't anything I want.
scott mcgoldrick|If you can't tell from my rap lyrics already, yes I am a feminist. And when I'm saying "hoe" or "bitch" I am actually referring to men. ...That sounded bad, in someway. But at the end of the day, I'm sick of rappers using "bitches" and "hoes" as terms towards women. Feminists are NOT a hate group. Feminists are not all female. Nor has it got an anti-male agenda. It's about equality! I've had a weird, special bond with women since I was a kid. And it's just a shame really that I'm gay.
Robin Sacredfire|Who's poorer, the one who begs for money or those who have not enough to give away? Or are they reflecting one another and the same nature?
John F. Kennedy|If a free society cannot help the many who are poor, it cannot save the few who are
Mark Andrew Poe, Showdown on Nightingale Lane|We all know what we have to do what the inkling provokes us. We have to do the right thing. We have to make that extra push out of bed, or off the sofa. We must just do it.
Carolyn Weber|The terrible things that happen to us,” Tessa said slowly. “What wedo with them...I think that’s what makes us artists.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|Once, this whole world had been hidden beneath a shallow sea.
Ludwig von Mises|How will the remaining portion of the community like to have the amusements that shall be permitted to them regulated by the religious and moral sentiments of the stricter Calvinists and Methodists? Would they not, with considerable peremptoriness, desire these intrusively pious members of society to mind their own business? This is precisely what should be said to every government and every public, who have the pretension that no person shall enjoy any pleasure which they think wrong.
Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast|I mean, it's okay if you're the one with the low sex drive. We'll just have to adjust and learn to accommodate that.
Michael  Grant|He said that he was sure you would be amendable to this course of action." April paused, eyes widening, before she said indignantly, "I believe he may have lied to me!
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|There, there, sweetin’,” he murmured into her hair.“He loved me, he truly did,” she gasped.“I know he did,” Michael said.“And I loved him.”“Mm-hmm.”She raised her head, glaring angrily. “You don’t even believe in love. Why are you agreeing with me?”He laughed.“Because”—he leaned down and licked at the tears on her cheeks, his lips brushing softly against her sensitive skin as he spoke, “ye’ve bewitched and bespelled me, my sweet Silence, didn’t ye know? I’ll agree that the sky is pink, that the moon is made o’ marzipan and sugared raisins, and that mermaids swim the muddy waters o’ the Thames, if ye’ll only stop weepin’. Me chest breaks apart and gapes wide open when I see tears in yer pretty eyes. Me lungs, me liver, and me heart cannot stand to be thus exposed.”She stopped breathing. She simply inhaled and stopped, looking at him in wonder. His lips were quirked in a mocking smile, but his eyes—his fathomless black eyes—seemed to hold a great pain as if his strong chest really had been split open.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|I've begun worshipping the sun for a number of reasons. First of all, unlike some other gods I could mention, I can see the sun. It's there for me every day. And the things it brings me are quite apparent all the time: heat, light, food, and a lovely day. There's no mystery, no one asks for money, I don't have to dress up, and there's no boring pageantry. And interestingly enough, I have found that the prayers I offer to the sun and the prayers I formerly offered to 'God' are all answered at about the same 50% rate.
Auliq Ice|Accept fate, and move on. Don't yield to the seductive pull of self-pity. Acting like a victim threatens your future.
Kanye West|you cut me deep bitch,cut me like surgery.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|You know how they say you only hurt the ones you love? Well, it works both ways.
Vironika Tugaleva|Amazing relationships aren't about making one perfect choice in your choice of partner. They're about the infinite amount of choices you make in each conflict, each conversation, and each moment to open yourself and to stay open, even when it's hard.
Charlie Sheen|My mom always said I was the peacemaker in the family. My older brother, Eric, was the leader, the creative one. I was just his puppet.
Rainer Maria Rilke, New Poems|His vision, from the constantly passing bars, has grown so weary that it cannot hold anything else. It seems to him there are a thousand bars; and behind the bars, no world.
Savannah Stuart, Power Unleashed|His hands, which had been on her hips, suddenly grasped the slim strap of her panties and snapped the material apart.	"You owe me another pair," she gasped.	"Stop wearing them and it won't be a problem.
Machado de Assis|I believe that when the last ding-dong of doom has clanged and faded from the last worthless rock hanging tideless in the last red and dying evening, that even then there will still be one more sound: that of man's puny, inexhaustible, voice still talking! ...not simply because man alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice, but because man has a soul, a spirit capable of compassion, sacrifice and endurance.
Aldous Huxley, The Doors of Perception & Heaven and Hell|However expressive, symbols can never be the things they stand for.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be brave to share your story! Each of our stories, have a golden treasure for a specific need.
Debasish Mridha|If you try to forget it, nothing can erase a memory.
Cheryl Strayed|My faith is a tool I employ, a metaphorical context I find apt, but it is inert until placed in a hand that needs it.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|While doing an enquiry on renowned horror author, “Edgar Allen Poe” I was astonished to notice how more successful his biographical books sold compared to his own books.
Steve Merrick|Gordon Van Wylen, Chairman of the Dept. of Mechanical Engineering at the University of Michigan commented that, “The question that arises is how the universe got into the state of reduced entropy in the first place, since all natural processes known to us tend to increase entropy?” (Gordon Van Wylen and Richard Edwin Sonntag, Fundamentals of Classical Thermodynamics, 1973). He concludes by saying, “The author has found that the second law [of thermodynamics] tends to increase conviction that there is a Creator.
Michelle Cruz-Rosado, Pursuing Your Destiny: How to Overcome Adversity and Achieve Your Dreams|Everything must come to an end, you know!
Becky Wade, A Love Like Ours|Loving someone wasn't about their perfection. It was about coming to accept every part of them, their good qualities at their weaknesses and flaws--looking on everything they were and loving it all.As she looked on everything Jake was, right down to his center, she loved him.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|While love lasts it should be relished, gobbled up like ice cream, explored as the conquistadors explored the unknown continent. But when love evaporates, when love hurts, we must learn to let go of the idea that love is forever.
Debasish Mridha|Schooling gives you knowledge, but education makes you wise.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|You know, Aunt Tasha makes jokes about how youʹd actually be a better queen than the others, except sometimes . . . I donʹt think sheʹs joking.
Maria McCann, As Meat Loves Salt|Behold,' said the Voice, 'earthly beauty. It is nothing but seeming, for to the uninstructed eye the world appears fruitful and sweet, yet in it is nothing but a pile of skulls, showing where others were lost as they went before.
Debasish Mridha|You achieve greatness, not by accumulating wealth, but by becoming king, loving, forgiving, and simple.
Shannon Ables|The beauty of traveling solo is that you wonder unexpectedly, but almost certainly into the direction you were meant to go.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|As you know Jesus more, you naturally love Him more. The less you know of Him, the less you love. To know Jesus is to love Him.
W.H. Auden, Lectures on Shakespeare|In any first-class work of art, you can find passages that in themselves are extremely boring, but try to cut them out, as they are in an abridged edition, and you lose the life of the work. Don't think that art that is alive can remain on the same level of interest throughout — and the same is true of life.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|When you have orientational awareness, your perceptions and impressions are based on location and proximity. Orientation may imply hierarchy, position, and prestige, or be the result of habits, traditions, and perceptions.
Steven Kotler, Stealing Fire: The Secret Revolution in Altered States|That day, after barely resurfacing from a seventy-two meter warm up dive into the Blue Hole, Mevoli went into cardiac arrest and died. This time, he wasn’t able to bring himself back. When asked to comment on the accident, Natalia Molchanova, regarded by many as the greatest freehold breath diver in the world, said, “the biggest problem with freedivers . . . [is] now they go too deep too fast.” Less than two years later, off the coast of Spain, Molchanova took a quick recreational dive of herown. She deliberately ran though her usual set of breathing exercises, attached a light weight to her belt to help her descend, and swam downward, alone. It wassupposed to be a head-clearing reset. But, Molchanova didn’t come back either. And that’s the problem that free diving shares with many other state-shifting techniques: return too soon, and you’ll always wonder if you could have gonedeeper. Go too far, and you might not make it back.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I feel as if I could be any thing or every thing, as if I could rant and storm, or sigh, or cut capers in any tragedy or comedy in the English language.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|O, never from the memory of my heartYour dear, paternal image shall depart,Who while on earth, ere yet by death surprised,Taught me how mortals are immortalized;How grateful am I for that patient careAll my life long my language shall declare.
Burton Raffel, Beowulf|May we know fear, but may we always refuse to court cowardice.
Marsha Altman, The Darcys & the Bingleys|I was of course discussing the book of Leviticus. I don't know why your mind is so filthy these days, Bingley.
Diana Mankin Phelps, A Mother's Side of War|For every wounded warrior, there is a myltitude of family, friends, and communities who are forever changed.
Ron Chernow, Alexander Hamilton|Love was undoubtedly one of the things capable of changing a person's whole life, from one moment to the next. But there was the other side of the coin, the second thing that could make a human being take a totally different course from the one he or she had planned; and that was called despair. Yes, perhaps love really could transform someone, but despair did the job more quickly.
Scott Stabile|Every heartbeat a syllable for words I can’t speak, to explain what I want from him. What I want from myself. To know and be known, totally and completely. To be someone worth knowing.
Bradley B. Dalina|The true pleasure of living is hidden in the heart of  a man, So whatever you do, do it heartily, and you'll be happy! :)
Peter Straub, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|Human beings across every culture I know about require such stories, stories with cool winds and wood smoke. They speak to something deep within us, the capacity to conceptualize, objectify and find patterns, thereby to create the flow of events and perceptions that find perfect expression in fiction. We are built this way, we create stories by reflex, unstoppably. But this elegant system really works best when the elements of the emerging story, whether is is being written or being read, are taken as literal fact. Almost always, to respond to the particulars of the fantastic as if they were metaphorical or allegorical is to drain them of vitality.
A.E. Samaan|Funny, I don't particularly care for either "laws" or "order". Liberty is messy. Freedom yields imperfect results.
Edgar A. Guest|A little bit of hatred can spoil a score of yearsAnd blur the eyes that ought to smile with many needless tears.A little bit of thoughtlessness and anger for a dayCan rob a home of all its joy and drive delight away..A little bit of shouting in a sharp and vicious toneCan leave a sting that will be felt when many years have flown.And just one hasty moment of ill temper can offendAnd leave an inner injury the years may never mend.It takes no mental fiber to say harsh and bitter things;It doesn't call for courage to employ a lash that stings.And cruel words and bitter any fool can think to say,But the hurt they leave behind them takes years to wipe away.Just a little bit of hatred robs a home of all delight,And leaves a winding trail of wrong that time may never right.For only those are happy and keep their peace of mind,Who guard themselves from hatred and words that are unkind!
Nikki Rowe|Give your all to every experience, feel it breathe it appreciate it, nothing lasts forever, when it's gone you'll remember the feeling it once gave you and sometimes that's enough.
Orrin Woodward, The Financial Matrix|If you want to live the life you've always wanted, you will have to change some things you've always avoided.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|You and I, God’s ambassadors, are called to sound the warning, to call sinners to repentance, to point the way to peace with God and the hope that is in Christ.
Walter Lippmann|This is why it's good manners to give gifts in wrappers: so that, for a moment, that beast in all of us that makes us feel alive and keeps us from becoming angels can be satisfied. While a gift is in a wrapper, it can be anything, even that one indescribable thing that will make us happy enough to die in peace.
Uma Shanker|In a society, IF people place intellect and ethics above money & material , the nation is on the ascendancy. But when it is the reverse, that is, money and material are more important, then it is an indication that the nation is becoming decadent.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|What is demanded of man is not, as some existential philosophers teach, to endure the meaninglessness of life, but rather to bear his incapacity to grasp its unconditional meaningfulness in rational terms.
Daniel Delgado F.|To inspire others, you must first inspire yourself. Only true passion can awake passion in others
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|You cannot know what I do not tell you, yet you will be judged harshly for not knowing.
Tucker Max, Assholes Finish First|Our stories are not meant for everyone. Hearing them is a privilege, and we should always ask ourselves this before we share: "Who has earned the right to hear my story?" If we have one or two people in our lives who can sit with us and hold space for our shame stories, and love us for our strengths and struggles, we are incredibly lucky. If we have a friend, or small group of friends, or family who embraces our imperfections, vulnerabilities, and power, and fills us with a sense of belonging, we are incredibly lucky.
Cameron Díaz|I lived through this horror, and no one can tell me I have to stay quiet."I have been silenced long enough, and I will not allow that family to silence me again. I will continue to speak out and make sure my voice is heard.
Walter Cronkite|Take my hand, hold on tight, and together we will jump. Jump out of the darkness and into the blinding light. I don’t know what struggle we will experience out there but I believe it is better than struggling here in the darkness. Together let’s change our lives. Let us take risks to create a better life. I believe.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|He was justifying his existence, than which life can do no greater; for life achieves its summit when it does to the uttermost that which it was equipped to do.
Eric Hoffer|An "attack on SeaWorld" might mean a bomb, or it might mean graffiti and glitter and a cream pie in the face. The government doesn't always seem to distinguish between the two.
Rose Christo, The Dogs of Balboa|You can't change the past, you know? You can't change who you were, but you can change who you're going to be.
Apryl Baker, The Ghost Files|We all have that inner fear of the dark, no matter how old we get. It's an ingrained instinct to fear the velvety blackness of the night, of things you can't quite see, but know deep down in your bones is there, waiting.
Lloyd DeMause, The Emotional Life of Nations|Maria, it sounds like he was insane. Rational people don't intentionally addict people. I feel sorry for those poor people who were unsuspecting victims.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko|Thieves are not so bad, and killing wears all possible costumes. There is no death, no murder that is better than any other. If you can kill me, the manner hardly bears consideration. You want to kill your own father, and you think it will make your sleep easier for the next seventy years if you can say you did it honorably. But your honor is blackened by patricide, and no amount of high-sounding formalities will make it white again.
Leisa Rayven, Mr. Romance|Loneliness is like a big, empty room inside you that echoes with the sounds of the life you're not living.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|I haven’t entirely adjusted to the whole yum, blood, yum aspect of being a vampire. My body wants it, but my head is still like, Ew, that is BLOOD, time to faint.
Munia Khan|Your eyes need to be opened wider than your heart, when love is blinder than your eyes.
Max Lucado, You'll Get Through This Study Guide: Hope and Help for Your Turbulent Times|God doesn’t manufacture pain, but he certainly puts it to use.
Douglas Wilson|Wealth is a gift from God, and pride is bequeathed to us from the devil.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|I guess what I'm sayin' is, if you want to give Jules a job, be very careful.” “Why be careful?” Marnes asked.Marck gazed up at the confusion of pipes and wires overhead.“'Cause she'll damn well do it. Even if you don't really expect her to.
Lionel Suggs|If you cannot build from nothing, then you'll have to destroy in order to create.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|The forest is blanketed by the greenest ferns and moss and bonsai-like trees, a wild majesty that beckons hobbits and pixies and elves and dreamers.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|Sometimes we feel we straddle two cultures; at other times, that we fall between two stools.
R.A. Spratt, Big Trouble|I love the caraway seeds in the classic rye bread, but I wonder if the rich dough might not also hold up to other flavors. I jot down some notes. Aniseed. Fennel seed. Orange zest. Golden raisins. Coarse salt? Maybe if Herman doesn't come down when I am working on the dough, I can use a small batch for a little experiment. I'm thinking rolls, not loaves. The kind of rolls you want to smear with cold sweet butter at dinner, or split and toast and spread with cream cheese for breakfast. Savory and sweet. Maybe semolina on the bottom instead of the coarser cornmeal we use for the regular rye loaves.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|It couldn't have been gonorrhea, which never stops eating you up of its own accord. Why should it ever stop of its own accord? It's having such a nice time. Why call off the party? Look how healthy and happy the kids are.
Betsy DeVos|I think Republicans need to take income inequality more seriously. Not because I favor equality of outcomes. I do not. I think the Right is correct to stress merit and earned rewards, not handouts and forced equality. But I think what Republicans are blind to is that power corrupts.
Jim Pattison|In the history of the world, no one has ever washed a rented car.
Blaise Pascal|Knowlege of God without knowledge of man's wretchedness leads to pride. Knowledge of man's wretchedness without knowledge of God leads to despair. Knowledge of Jesus Christ is the middle course, because by it we discover both God and our wretched state.
Margaret J. Wheatley|Breast cancer is not just a disease that strikes at women. It strikes at the very heart of who we are as women: how others perceive us, how we perceive ourselves, how we live, work and raise our families-or whether we do these things at all.
Robert Crais, Suspect|Men," said Mr. Kyle, "people have been trying to understand dogs ever since the beginning of time. One never knows what they'll do. You can read every day where a dog saved the life of a drowning child, or lay down his life for his master. Some people call this loyalty. I don't. I may be wrong, but I call it love--the deepest kind of love.
Swami Dhyan Giten|I know a lot of things about you, Garth...And I'm rooting for you anyways.
Ellen Tien|Marriage can bore you but there is a fortitude that comes from it, too. When you need to lean on it, you are so thankful that you can.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|I use your love as a man burns a candle, burns it away, to light his steps.
Hanson|We have seen year after year the passion you have for music, and the way you have always been incredibly passionate fans, even though Hanson has not always been the coolest thing to be into.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|The universe doesn't know good or bad, only less or more.
Ashly Lorenzana|It's always almost Autumn, down here at Rock Bottom.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|In an electroencephalogram… one of her seizures was almost identical to an orgasm... Nothing happened during a seizure that couldn’t happen outside one, except that Roselyn was not in control of it and it happened all at once. Since then, she had experienced hundreds of orgasms and dozens of seizures and, though she didn’t come close to finding the latter nearly as entertaining as the former, it was always in her mind. In the midst of Dryden’s often machine gun lovemaking or her own considerably more directed and soft ministrations, it was always in the back of her mind at the moment of climax—this is a tenth of a seizure, this is a fifth of one.
Mariella Frostrup|The publishing scene in India is evolving rapidly, and the key challenge is to keep reinventing oneself so that one does not become formulaic. Sometimes it is safer to deal with the consequences of failure than the fruits of success. Remaining on one's toes is critical, and often one finds that success makes one complacent.
John Green|You can't know what an experience will mean to future-you until you are future-you. You need millions of seconds of perspective, which ultimately, only time can buy.
Alexander Pushkin|The many contradictions in our lives – such as being home while feeling homeless, being busy while feeling bored, being popular while feeling lonely, being believers while feeling many doubts – can frustrate, irritate, and even discourage us. They make us feel that we are never fully present. Every door that opens for us makes us see how many more doors are closed.But there is another response. These same contradictions can bring us into touch with a deeper longing, for the fulfillment of a desire that lives beneath all desires and that only God can satisfy. Contradictions, thus understood, create the friction that can help us move toward God.
James MacDonald, Vertical Church: What Every Heart Longs for. What Every Church Can Be.|Focus on the highest, clearest, and most meaningful teaching you can find, and let all else go.
Matthew Gallaway, #Gods|Maybe the point of life (and youth, once it was over), was to elevate yourself, through time and reflection, into something worthy of contemplation (even if you were the only one doing the contemplating).
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|I don't want any funny business, and above all I don't want to be dragged into other people's funny business. If it's to be my head on the block, I want to know that it's doing there, and not that it's some stupid things that other people have done.
Jennifer Lee Carrell, Interred with Their Bones|For the rest of the afternoon, Miss Bloom smiled almost as bright as the big yellow sun shining through the front picture window. Her library was filled up with people who loved books.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Obedience appears to me more and more the whole business of life, the only road to love and peace.
Josh Lanyon, Fatal Shadows|You were tossed away like a pair of beautiful, brand new shoes that did not quite fit.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Running away, avoiding life's battles or giving up robs you of the opportunity to grow and be stronger.
Tiffany Baker, The Gilly Salt Sisters|Need we go into details about what I said to Judy? I am no poet, and I suppose what I said was very much what everybody always says, and although I remember her as speaking golden words, I cannot recall precisely anything she said. If love is to be watched and listened to without embarrassment, it must be transmuted into art, and I don't know how to do that, and it is not what I have come to Zurich to learn.
Tariq Ramadan, The Quest for Meaning: Developing a Philosophy of Pluralism|...faith must recognize the autonomy of reason and its ability to produce a rational, secular ethics. By the same criterion, reason must accept that it is legitimate for the heart, consciousness and faith to believe in an order and ends thar exist prior to its observation, discoveries and hypotheses. Once the distinction between the realms of faith and reason, and religion and science, has been accepted, it is therefore futile to debate, and still less to dispute, the hierarchy of first truths or the nature of the authority granted to their methods and their references.
George Foreman|It is surprising how little most small business values the customers. A positive feedback from the customer is critical to your business, and what's more important is their referral.
Mike Pence|Call-time has renewed my faith in the need for public financing of elections. 'Call-time' is where I as the candidate, sit in a room with my 'call-time manager,' and a phone. Then I call people and ask them for money. For hours. Apparently, I'm really good at it.
Frank Beddor|Should is my all time least favorite word. It’s this sort of guilt inducing, finger wagging word that we use to beat up others and ourselves.
Robert Wilensky|If there really had been a Mercutio, and if there really were a Paradise, Mercutio might be hanging out with teenage Vietnam draftee casualties now, talking about what it felt like to die for other people's vanity and foolishness.
Alexei Maxim Russell, The New Homeowner's Guide to House Spirits|The one plus side to demonic infestation is that children cannot be harmed by a demon. The sanctified aura of a child somehow repels the demon and they can only oppress them if the parent makes a contract allowing them to do so. Because they can be very clever in tricking people into agreeing to additional contracts, it is important to never converse with a demon. Either call in a priest or move out as soon as possible.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Go on Louis, jump up,” I’d say every day for the first three months. From the vacant look on his face, I may as well have asked him to solve a Rubik cube puzzle.
Louis Kronenberger|The closer and more confidential our relationship with someone, the less we are entitled to ask about what we are not voluntarily told.
Paul Klee|Speech is human nature itself, with none of the artificiality of written language.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|For God to prove himself on demand, physically, would be a grave disappointment, and the strongest Christians should be considerably grateful that he chooses not to do so. The skeptic endlessly demands proof, yet God refuses to insult the true intelligence of man, the '6th sense', the chief quality, the acumen which distinguishes man from the rest of creation, faith.
B.F. Skinner, Science and Human Behavior|Adam says I isolate. He is addicted to telling me that I spend too much time in my head. It’s an unhealthy behavior. Look, I don’t see how not bothering other people with your screwed-up vision of the world constitutes unhealthy behavior.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Many criminologists believe that the source of the state’s pacifying effect isn’t just its brute coercive power but the trust it commands among the populace. After all, no state can post an informant in every pub and farmhouse to monitor breaches of the law, and those that try are totalitarian dictatorships that rule by fear, not civilized societies where people coexist through self-control and empathy. A Leviathan can civilize a society only when the citizens feel that its laws, law enforcement, and other social arrangements are legitimate, so that they don’t fall back on their worst impulses as soon as Leviathan’s back is turned.
Sandhya Jane, Second Spring|A heartbreak is a blessing from God. It's just His way of letting you realize, He saved you from the wrong one
Sheena Kamal|.No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself." Friedrich Nietzsche
Jennifer    Ryan, The Chilbury Ladies' Choir|Human nature defeats me sometimes, how greed and spite can lurk so divisively around the utmost courage and sacrifice.
John Bonham|I used to get quite upset that I'd make friends with a guy or a girl and then within the space of three years we'd move and go and live somewhere else, and you'd have to say goodbye to that person.
Pedro Almodovar|With 'The Sixth Sense,' my dad and I discussed how this was not so much a horror story as a story about communication. I understudied with my dad, in a sense. It made a huge difference.
Guy de Maupassant, 88 More Stories|She smelled like water that had been warmed by the sun, and she also had the sharp, enticing aroma of birch leaves.
Austin Grossman, You|The Master, by residing in the Tao,sets an example for all beings.Because he doesn't display himself,people can see his light.Because he has nothing to prove,people can trust his words.Because he doesn't know who he is,people recognize themselves in him.Because he has no goal in mind,everything he does succeeds.
|No one knows it all. Asking questions about the things that you don't know doesn't make you unintelligent. You don't have a million years on earth to make all the mistakes in the world and learn from them. You can learn from better informed people, and save yourself the headaches that come from making too many avoidable mistakes.
Dōgen|Consider your own place in the universal oneness of which we are all a part, from which we all arise, and to which we all return.
Oli Anderson, Personal Revolutions: A Short Course in Realness|Whenever we find ourselves stuck, whenever we find ourselves lost or confused by the chaos of the world, we can be sure that the only way to free ourselves is to take action of some kind. Action is the only thing that ever changes anything and in a world that ever changes, it is the best way to keep ourselves in the flow of the world unfolding.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Who, if I cried, would hear me among the angelic orders? And even if one of them suddenly pressed me against his heart, I should fade in the strength of his stronger existence. For beauty's nothing but the beginning of terror we're still just able to bear.
Judith C. Waller, Radio: The Fifth Estate|Because of the times, and because the child has been living in a world filled with every kind of thrill and adventure, it is safe to assume that he is not interested in the same type of radio that amused him before the war.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|If you want to be reminded of the love of the Lord, just watch the sunrise.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|Knight seemed to weigh the precision of every word he used, careful as a poet. Even his handwritten letters had gone through at least one draft, he said, mostly to remove unnecessary insults. Only necessary ones remained.
Balroop Singh|When we forgive, our emotions evolve and reveal the futility of carrying the baggage of anger, antipathy, hostility and hatred. We emerge out of those dark corridors of fear, angst and insecurity.
Lal Bahadur Shastri|The most important accomplishment, I believe, was my voting against the First World War.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|What I really want is to be recognized as a writer; that someday, my poetry — this is an interesting paradox — would be taught in English classes; for my name, along with my poetry, to exist 500 years from now.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Be careful what you tell yourself, and do not belittle yourself, even in jest. Negative, deprecating self-talk can do significant harm to your self-image.
Jackie Joyner-Kersee|I go to the gym every day. That tends to taper off when I'm at a tournament. During tournaments, I'm not trying to build fitness. I'm simply trying to keep away any kind of tension. I go for long walks to clear my head.
Richie Norton|People who say "it's just business" are lying. It's a deceptive and manipulative tactic used by weak minds. Anyone who has ever run or been in business knows that a business will fail if the relationships are not healthy. Business is the business of relationships. That is all.
Christopher Morley|Between ourselves, there is no such thing, abstractly, as a 'good' book. A book is 'good' only when it meets some human hunger or refutes some human error. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more we give of ourself, the more we find ourself.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Justice can be achieved only if one has the pertinent facts, and excusing evil requires that those facts be obscured; justice is thus precluded.
Boethius|I feel like music can affect you in so many ways. When you hear a song with a happy melody, it can change your mood; it can change your day.
Walter Pater|Against barbarity, poetry can resist only by confirming its attachment to human fragility like a blade of grass growing on a wall while armies march by.
Jim Dyar, The Zeus Gambit|He couldn't imagine, couldn't imagine the horror of scrubbing your own father's blood out of the floor. Better to set the whole house on fire, better to leave and never come back."pg 338
Stella McCartney|I can only tell you that eggs, country ham, biscuits, a pot of coffee, a morning paper, a table by the window overlooking the veranda and putting green, listening to the idle chitchat of competitors, authors, wits and philosophers, hasn't exactly been a torturous way to begin each day at the Masters all these years.
Madonna Ciccone|Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
Magnus Scheving|You always hear that tragedies put sports in perspective, that they prove we shouldn't care this much about the successes and failures of a bunch of wealthy strangers. I'm going the other way - sometimes, sports put everything else in perspective.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|A lot of what we know to be history isn’t…it serves a purpose. Events are exaggerated, heroes fabricated, goals are rewritten to appear more noble than they actually were. All to manipulate public opinion, to manufacture a common purpose or enemy. And the cornerstone of a really great movement? A powerful symbol. Take away or tarnish that and everything starts to crumble, everything’s questioned.
Michael A. Contés II|This is not a dirty little secret which was discovered just yesterday. But, if you follow the Golden Rule, good things happen to you and those around you.
Cath Staincliffe|She hadn't met Earth or Fire, the other two cousins, but she'd filled a couple of library requests for each of them in the past week. If they were around, they would help her. Wouldn't they?
Saaif Alam|When a person is devastated, it coneys that the individual is regretting for his or her mistakes.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 2|All drama is about lies. All drama is about something that’s hidden. A drama starts because a situation becomes imbalanced by a lie. The lie may be something we tell each other or something we think about ourselves, but the lie imbalances a situation. If you’re cheating on your wife the repression of that puts things out of balance; or if you’re someone you think you’re not, and you think you should be further ahead in your job, that neurotic vision takes over your life and you’re plagued by it until you’re cleansed. At the end of a play the lie is revealed. The better the play the more surprising and inevitable the lie is. Aristotle told us this
William Wilberforce|How can we judge fairly of the characters and merits of men, of the wisdom or folly of actions, unless we have . . . an accurate knowledge of all particulars, so that we may live as it were in the times, and among the persons, of whom we read, see with their eyes, and reason and decide on their premises?
Anthony Zinni|There is no glory in war, yet from the blackness of its history, there emerge vivid colours of human character and courage. Those who risked their lives to help their friends.
Bethenny Frankel, A Place of Yes: 10 Rules for Getting Everything You Want Out of Life|Make the most of every moment. Get excited about every little thing. Why not? Why not have your wonderful moment of excited anticipation? Why not be happy NOW? This is my greatest challenge, but something I'm pouring my heart into: learning how to enjoy what I have, right here, right now. Every moment is precious and although sometimes I struggle to see it, I see it more and more every day.
Debasish Mridha|We kept our heads down and did our jobs. We controlled the only thing we could, which was the show. We did the thing. Because remember, the talking about the thing isn't the thing. The doing of the thing is the thing.
Oscar Wilde, The Remarkable Rocket|Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everybody in good society holds exactly the same opinions.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|See?” I’d whispered to Bones, nudging him with a grin. “He never argues with her. Isn’t that sweet?”A snort preceded his response. “Keep dreaming, pet.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|To conquer, you must endure not just your own suffering but the suffering of others. Indifference is the ultimate evolutionary achievement, the highest rung on nature's ladder.
Stephen Hopkins|I'm amazed. When I was 40, I thought I'd never make 50. And at 50 I thought the frosting on the cake would be 60. At 60, I was still going strong and enjoying everything.
Daniel Kofman, A Matter of Principle: Humanitarian Arguments for War in Iraq|First Afghanistan, now Iraq. So who's next? Syria? North Korea? Iran? Where will it all end?' If these illegal interventions are permitted to continue, the implication seems to be, pretty soon, horror of horrors, no murderously repressive regimes might remain.
Miya Yamanouchi|Whenever you hear yourself or others telling you you cannot do something, do that particular something, and notice how quickly everyone shuts the hell up.
Julie Koh, Capital Misfits|Never forget,' says Sugar Daddy, 'we are a nation built on sugar. It is our history and it is the source of our prosperity, now and in the future.'This is true. Our entire nation sits on reclaimed land made from sugar. Ours is an island that rose out of the sea, built on a hard core of toffee.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Jobs insisted that Apple focus on just two or three priorities at a time. “There is no one better at turning off the noise that is going on around him,” Cook said. “That allows him to focus on a few things and say no to many things. Few people are really good at that.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Tell me what you do with the food you eat, and I'll tell you who you are. Some turn their food into fat and manure, some into work and good humor, and others, I'm told, into God. So there must be three sorts of men. I'm not one of the worst, boss, nor yet one of the best. I'm somewhere in between the two. What I eat I turn into work and good humor. That's not too bad, after all!'He looked at me wickedly and started laughing.'As for you, boss,' he said, 'I think you do your level best to turn what you eat into God. But you can't quite manage it, and that torments you. The same thing's happening to you as happened to the crow.''What happened to the crow, Zorba?''Well, you see, he used to walk respectably, properly - well, like a crow. But one day he got it into his head to try and strut about like a pigeon. And from that time on the poor fellow couldn't for the life of him recall his own way of walking. He was all mixed up, don't you see? He just hobbled about.
Deyth Banger|First it was "The Silent Generation", then "Generation Boomers", then "Generation X", then "Generation Y" and as last "Generation Z".
Jellis Vaes|There is not one single thing you cannot do if you are able to see fear for what it truly is. Life is full of choices, and one of those choices involves fear. You can either let it control you, or you can learn to control it.
Alfred Bester, The Stars My Destination|If you can have everything at fifty that you wanted when you were fifteen, you're happy.
Dee-Anne Hayes, Simultaneous Minds: Reinventing Yourself for Globalisation Change to Achieve Enlightenment of Purpose|The mind you use to try to see your true self does not recognise if it has never seen. Once you stop looking within and realise you are the one doing the looking to recognise yourself, the mind will understand.
Ty Burrell|I don't think my wife likes me very much, when I had a heart attack she wrote for an ambulance.
Christopher Moore, The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove|No holidays, no country.
Jil Sander|As a chef, you need to respect your guests and their needs. If they decide that they want to eat certain things and not eat others, if for religious reasons or just decide they don't want to eat certain ingredients, you have to respect that.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|The waves splash against my face, carrying a message: Welcome, you belong here.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|It takes practice to stand with others facing pain of death, and it helps if you don't have to do it all alone. We should practice on the small stuff so that we will be better able to stand together for what we believe and for what we love, who may someday need our support.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We have one great assignment: to fully accomplish what we have been divinely charged by God to the very limit of our sincere strength, with due fear and courage, in wit and in truth, and within the scope of our Assigner: Jehovah!
Lillian Smith|At Microsoft, we're aspiring to have a living, learning culture with a growth mindset that allows us to learn from ourselves and our customers. These are the key attributes of the new culture at Microsoft, and I feel great about how it seems to be resonating and how it's seen as empowering.
Tom Payne, A Guide to God's Perplexing Path|God can communicate to us through powerful feelings. They have an energy that impels us to action. They grip our mind and will not let us go. What is calling you? What has the voice of God been whispering to you through the desires of your heart? To what are you drawn and constantly compelled to do? It could be that God is opening the eyes of your heart to see something that no one else is seeing, and to do something that others aren’t doing. If that is true, then move forward and let God worry about the how.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Help me,” the girl pleaded softly.Sam knelt beside her. He recoiled in shock. “Bette?”The left side of Bouncing Bette’s face was covered in blood. There was a gash above her temple. She was panting, gasping, like she had collapsed after a marathon and was trying with her last ounce of energy to crawl across the finish line.“Bette, what happened?”“They’re trying to get me,” Bette cried, and clutched at Sam’s arm.The three dark figures advanced to the edge of the circle of light. One was clearly Orc. No one else was that big. Edilio and Quinn moved into the garage doorway.Sam disengaged from Bette and took up a position beside Edilio.“You want me to beat on you guys, I will!” Orc yelled.“What’s going on here?” Sam demanded. He narrowed his eyes and recognized the other two boys, a kid named Karl, a seventh grader from school, and Chaz, one of the Coates eighth graders. All three were armed with aluminum bats.“This isn’t your business,” Chaz said. “We’re dealing with something here.”“Dealing with what? Orc, did you hit Bette?”“She was breaking the rules,” Orc said.“You hit a girl, man?” Edilio said, outraged.“Shut up, wetback,” Orc said.“Where’s Howard?” Sam asked, just to stall while he tried to figure out what to do. He’d lost one fight to Orc already.Orc took the question as an insult. “I don’t need Howard to handle you, Sam.”Orc marched right up to Sam, stopped a foot away, and put his bat on his shoulder like he was ready to swing for a home run. Like a batter ready for the next fastball. Only this was closer to T-ball: Sam’s head was impossible to miss.“Move, Sam,” Orc ordered.“Okay, I’m not doing this again,” Quinn said. “Let him have her, Sam.”“Ain’t no ‘let me,’” Orc said. “I do what I want.”Sam noticed movement behind Orc. There were people coming down the street, twenty or more kids. Orc noticed it too, and glanced behind him.“They aren’t going to save you,” Orc said, and swung the bat hard.Sam ducked. The bat whooshed past his head, and Orc rotated halfway around, carried forward by the momentum.Sam was thrown off balance, but Edilio was ready. He let loose a roar and plowed headfirst into Orc. Edilio was maybe half Orc’s size, but Orc was knocked off his feet. He sprawled out on the concrete.Chaz went after Edilio, trying to pull him off Orc.The crowd of kids who had come running down the street surged forward. There were angry voices and threats, all aimed at Orc.They yelled, Sam noted, but no one exactly jumped into the unequal fight.
Win Butler|The whole ability to look at the complexity of race and any sort of associated -ism and still find humor, that's a very interesting space.
Jenim Dibie|Why can't we breathe now, In this moment we have breath?
Tom Petty|Nevertheless the passions, whether violent or not, should never be so expressed as to reach the point of causing disgust; and music, even in situations of the greatest horror, should never be painful to the ear but should flatter and charm it, and thereby always remain music.
Christoph Waltz|A long healthy life is no accident. It begins with good genes, but it also depends on good habits.
Kathy Herman "Never Look Back"|Let us never be deceived into thinking that the magnitude of our sin negates His grace, for grace just abounds all the more.
John Yang aka Private83|Sometimes the heart weakens the individual that makes him/her do things he/she wouldn't normally do. Following ones heart varies by situations, but should never be followed when making decisions on critical situations. The heart is full of love and compassion thus welling to forgive, show mercy, and weakens the mind of the individual. So, be passionate of your performance and sympathize and empathize with sensitive situations, but let your mind guide your heart.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|Tex?” I whispered.“Yeah?”“Enemies or lovers right now?”He sighed and kissed my head. “Both, we’ll always be both.
Zygmunt Bauman|I work in colour sometimes, but I guess the images I most connect to, historically speaking, are in black and white. I see more in black and white - I like the abstraction of it.
David Gilmour|I'm a writer of faith who worries about the intolerance of religion. I look at the past and fear we haven't learned from it. I believe that humanity is capable of evil as well as great acts of courage and goodness. I have hope. Deep down, I believe in the human spirit, although sometimes that belief is shaken.
Ashly Lorenzana|If you love yourself the most at your happiest moments, there is no reason not to be fond of who you are in the dark.
Daniel Goleman|There are species that retain their characteristics even in conditions that are relatively different from their natural ones; other species in similar circumstances instead become extinct; otherwise what takes place is racial mixing with other elements in which no assimilation or real evolution occurs. The result of this interbreeding closely resembles Mendel’s laws concerning heredity: once it disappears in the phenotype, the primitive element survives in the form of a separated, latent heredity that is capable of cropping up in sporadic apparitions, even though it is always endowed with a character of heterogeneity in regard to the superior type.
Akansh Malik|Sportsmanship isn't about criticizing the "ONE" who didn't win on "That ONE"day... it's about appreciating and supporting their hard work amidst failures!!!
P. J. O'Rourke|Louis Pasteur said, 'Chance favors the prepared mind.' If you're really engaged in the writing, you'll work yourself out of whatever jam you find yourself in.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|It’s okay to glance at the light of another. But when you look to long, it will blind you from seeing your own.
Anton Krotov|They think the government shows people everything —how to work, study, eat, sleep and that’s it. They are afraid of change. They do not understand that if you want to do something, you should do it. You are free, people, free!
Clare Winger Harris, The Dreaming Sex: Early Tales of Scientific Imagination by Women|There are some who complain most energetically and inconsolably of any, because they are, as they say, doing their duty. I also have in my mind that seemingly wealthy, but most terribly impoverished class of all, who have accumulated dross, but know not how to use it, or get rid of it, and thus have forged their own golden or silver fetters.
Epictetus, Of Human Freedom|If, on the other hand, we read books entitled On Impulse not just out of idle curiosity, but in order to exercise impulse correctly; books entitled On Desire and On Aversion so as not to fail to get what we desire or fall victim to what we would rather avoid; and books entitled On Moral Obligation in order to honour our relationships and never do anything that clashes or conflicts with this principle; then we wouldn’t get frustrated and grow impatient with our reading. Instead we would be satisfied to act accordingly. And rather than reckon, as we are used to doing, ‘How many lines I read, or wrote, today,’ we would pass in review how ‘I applied impulse today the way the philosophers recommend
Idina Menzel|Sometimes people go to a yoga class and think it's not for them, but it might just not be the right studio or teacher - try a new one!
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If you catch yourself wondering why you want more of the world and you're not satisfied with God, it's because you have a spiritual problem.
Robin Hobb, Shaman's Crossing|We line up and make a lot of noise about big environmental problems like incinerators, waste dumps, acid rain, global warming and pollution. But we don't understand that when we add up all the tiny environmental problems each of us creates, we end up with those big environmental dilemmas. Humans are content to blame someone else, like government or corporations, for the messes we create, and yet we each continue doing the same things, day in and day out, that have created the problems. Sure, corporations create pollution. If they do, don't buy their products. If you have to buy their products (gasoline for example), keep it to a minimum. Sure, municipal waste incinerators pollute the air. Stop throwing trash away. Minimize your production of waste. Recycle. Buy food in bulk and avoid packaging waste. Simplify. Turn off your TV. Grow your own food. Make compost. Plant a garden. Be part of the solution, not part of the problem. If you don't, who will?
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|I may be permitted, like the doctors, to cure a greater evil by a less, for I shall not fall seriously in love with the young widow, I think, nor she with me - that's certain - but if I find a little pleasure in her society I may surely be allowed to seek it; and if the star of her divinity be bright enough to dim the lustre of Eliza's, so much the better, but I scarcely can think it
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|The bad psychological material is not a sin but a disease. It does not need to be repented of, but to be cured. And by the way, that is very important. Human beings judge one another by their external actions. God judges them by their moral choices. When a neurotic who has a pathological horror of cats forces himself to pick up a cat for some good reason, it is quite possible that in God's eyes he has shown more courage than a healthy man may have shown in winning the V.C. When a man who has been perverted from his youth and taught that cruelty is the right thing does dome tiny little kindness, or refrains from some cruelty he might have committed, and thereby, perhaps, risks being sneered at by his companions, he may, in God's eyes, be doing more than you and I would do if we gave up life itself for a friend.It is as well to put this the other way round. Some of us who seem quite nice people may, in fact, have made so little use of a good heredity and good upbringing that we are really worse than those whom we regard as fiends. Can we be quite certain how we should have behaved if we had been saddled with the psychological outfit, and then with the bad upbringing, and then with the power, say, of Himmler? That is why Christians are told not to judge. We see only the results which a man's choices make out of his raw material. But God does not judge him on the raw material at all, but on what he has done with it. Most of the man's psychological makeup is probably due to his body: when his body dies all that will fall off him, and the real central man, the thing that chose, that made the best or worst out of this material, will stand naked. All sorts of nice things which we thought our own, but which were really due to a good digestion, will fall off some of us: all sorts of nasty things which were due to complexes or bad health will fall off others. We shall then, for the first time, see every one as he really was. There will be surprises.
R. Kelly|I belive I can fly, I believe I can touch the sky. 
Gary Ackerman|Women are not stupid, but they were not clever enough to realise that feminism did not bring freedom, but the opposite. That's why I'm glad feminism is dead.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|Allow yourself to let go, surrender, and breathe in the beautiful world that is waiting for you just outside of your comfort zone.
Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|You love your child for who the child is, not as an extension of your identity or as an example of your good parenting or even as a companion.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Kessa ran her fingers over her stomach. Flat. But was it flat enough? Not quite. She still had some way to go. Just to be safe, she told herself. Still, it was nice the way her pelvic bones rose like sharp hills on either side of her stomach. I love bones. Bones are beautiful.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We would prefer all gain and no loss in life, yet that would gain us nothing more than great loss.
Sam Hamill, Tao Te Ching|There's a new kind of Giving-I remember when Philanthropy was inconspicuous and anonymous.Now it has turned in to " Look at me, I just saved the world" kind of show.
Swapna Rajput|No matter how long it takes, true love is always worth a wait, because waiting is the sign of true love....
Belsebuub|To live without awareness is to live as the deaf, blind, and dumb in a world of vibrant light and sound.
Steven Magee|If the natural environment is changed and the electromagnetic radiation levels increase, then it may cause illness and disease in humans.
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|Contrary to Expectation. A wise man, the wonder of his age, taught his disciples from a seemingly inexhaustible store of wisdom. He attributed all his knowledge to a thick tome which was kept in a place of honour in his room. The sage would allow nobody to open the volume. When he died, those who had surrounded him, regarding themselves as his heirs, ran to open the book, anxious to possess what it contained. They were surprised, confused and disappointed when they found that there was writing on only one page. They became even more bewildered and then annoyed when they tried to penetrate the meaning of the phrase which met their eyes. It was: 'When you realise the difference between the container and the content, you will have knowledge.
Roy  Bennett|Accept yourself, love yourself, and keep moving forward.
Youssou N'Dour|Broadcasters or politicians or writers who think that they are respecting Struggle Street, the battlers, by dumbing things down into one-line sound bites are not respecting them, they are treating them with contempt. It's our job above all in politics to tackle the big issues and to explain them.
Debasish Mridha|If we can teach everyone how to calm their minds, this world will see peace.
Qiu Miaojin|it is strange, is it not, how an accident of millimeter here, a millimeter there, makes one face so important.
Jonathan Tropper, One Last Thing Before I Go|Anger is a legitimate feeling, one often designed for self-protection.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|A southern moon is a sodden moon, and sultry. When it swamps the fields and the rustling sandy roads and the sticky honeysuckle hedges in its sweet stagnation, your fight to hold on to reality is like a protestation against a first waft of ether.
Andrew McNeillie|One of the reasons that hiddenness is such an important aspect of the spiritual life is that it keeps us focused on God. In hiddenness we do not receive human acclamation, admiration, support, or encouragement. In hiddenness we have to go to God with our sorrows and joys and trust that God will give us what we most need.In our society we are inclined to avoid hiddenness. We want to be seen and acknowledged. We want to be useful to others and influence the course of events. But as we become visible and popular, we quickly grow dependent on people and their responses and easily lose touch with God, the true source of our being. Hiddenness is the place of purification. In hiddenness we find our true selves.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, Islanders And, The Fisher Of Men|Don't forget that we lawyers, we're a higher breed of intellect, and so it's our privilege to lie. It's as clear as day. Animals can't even imagine lying: if you were to find yourself among some wild islanders, they too would only speak the truth until they learned about European culture.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|When you learn to talk people up, you will never talk yourself down.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|Maria, lonely prostitute on a street of pain,You, at least, hail me and speak to meWhile a thousand others ignore my face.You offer me an hour of love,And your fees are not as costly as most.You are the madonna of the lonely,The first-born daughter in a world of pain.You do not turn fat men aside,Or trample on the stuttering, shy ones,You are the meadow where desperate menCan find a moment's comfort.Men have paid more to their wivesTo know a bit of peaceAnd could not walk away without the guiltThat masquerades as love.You do not bind them, lovely Maria, you comfort themAnd bid them return. Your body is more Christian than the Bishop'sWhose gloved hand cannot feel the dropping of my blood.Your passion is as genuine as most,Your caring as real!But you, Maria, sacred whore on the endless pavement of pain,You, whose virginity each man may make his ownWithout paying ought but your fee,You who know nothing of virgin births and immaculate conceptions,You who touch man's flesh and caress a stranger,Who warm his bed to bring his aching skin alive,You make more sense than stock markets and football gamesWhere sad men beg for virility.You offer yourself for a fee--and who offers himself for less?At times you are cruel and demanding--harsh and insensitive,At times you are shrewd and deceptive--grasping and hollow.The wonder is that at times you are gentle and concerned,Warm and loving.You deserve more respect than nuns who hide their sex for eternal love;Your fees are not so high, nor your prejudice so virtuous.You deserve more laurels than the self-pitying mother of many children,And your fee is not as costly as most.Man comes to you when his bed is filled with brass and emptiness,When liquor has dulled his sense enoughTo know his need of you.He will come in fantasy and despair, Maria,And leave without apologies.He will come in loneliness--and perhapsLeave in loneliness as well.But you give him more than soldiers who win medals and pensions,More than priests who offer absolutionAnd sweet-smelling ritual,More than friends who anticipate his deathOr challenge his life,And your fee is not as costly as most.You admit that your love is for a fee,Few women can be as honest.There are monuments to statesmen who gave nothing to anyoneExcept their hungry ego,Monuments to mothers who turned their childrenInto starving, anxious bodies,Monuments to Lady Liberty who makes poor men prisoners.I would erect a monument for you--who give more than most--And for a meager fee.Among the lonely, you are perhaps the loneliest of all,You come so close to loveBut it eludes youWhile proper women march to church and fantasizeIn the silence of their rooms,While lonely women take their husbands' armsTo hold them on life's surface,While chattering women fill their closets with clothes andTheir lips with lies,You offer love for a fee--which is not as costly as most--And remain a lonely prostitute on a street of pain.You are not immoral, little Maria, only tired and afraid,But you are not as hollow as the police who pursue you,The politicians who jail you, the pharisees who scorn you.You give what you promise--take your paltry fee--andWander on the endless, aching pavements of pain.You know more of universal love than the nations who thrive on war,More than the churches whose dogmas are private vendettas made sacred,More than the tall buildings and sprawling factoriesWhere men wear chains.You are a lonely prostitute who speaks to me as I pass,And I smile at you because I am a lonely man.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|All I could say was, "I don't know what to do." I remember her taking me by the shoulders and looking me in the eye with a calm smile and saying simply, "Tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Mindfulness helps us to live in harmony with our thoughts, words and actions.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When I returned in the next stage of life, I wish to return as Lailah Gifty Akita.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Let me implore the reader to try to believe, if only for a moment, that God, who made these deserving people, may really be right when He thinks that their modest prosperity and the happiness of their children are not enough to make them blessed: that all this must fall from them in the end, and if they have not learned to know Him they will be wretched. And therefore He troubles them, warning them in advance of an insufficiency that one day they will have to discover. The life to themselves and their families stands between them and the recognition of their need; He makes that life less sweet to them.If God were proud He would hardly have us on such terms: but He is not proud, He stoops to conquer, He will have us even though we have shown that we prefer everything else to Him, and come to Him because there is 'nothing better' now to be had.
Gemma Malley, The Declaration|He slid the photo out and raised it. The sun washed out any distinguishable characteristics. All except her eyes. He didn’t need a picture to remember those. As turquoise as the waters near Cozumel, and just as warm.
Chuck Todd|Of course everybody's thinking evolves over time. Only dead people cease learning, and I am not certified dead yet. So I am still learning.
SanviWords|This outburst caused Vexis to tremble and reach up to her neck. Fox groaned and glared at them exasperated. ‘Shut up! Stop blaming yourselves! You think you’re these big heros going around doing good, saving the world? Does it make you feel good? Well, you’re not. You can’t change much, you can do a bit of good here and there, but you can’t blame yourselves for every wrong you failed to right!'~Fox FletcherDeathsworn Arc 5: The Temple of the Mad God- Martyn Stanley
Patrick Stewart|Whatever you attempt, if your attitude sucks, so will you.
Roger Zelazny|It’s not enough to be oppressed, you must also be in the right. Most oppressed people are in the wrong to an almost ridiculous degree. What shall I believe in?
Roger Zelazny, Doorways in the Sand|Had I realized while on Earth," he said, "that Hell was such a delightful place, I should have put more faith in the teachings of religion. As it was, I actually doubted its existence. A foolish error, cherie. I am pleased to say that you have converted me completely.""I, too," observed Mr. Hamilton, helping himself to wine, "was something of an unbeliever in my time, and while never quite an atheist, like my arch-enemy Jefferson, I was still inclined to look upon Satan as merely a myth. Imagine my satisfaction to find him ruling a monarchy! You know I spent the greater part of my earthly existence fighting Mr. Jefferson and his absurd democratic ideas and now look at the damn country! Run by morons!
Unarine Ramaru|Being focused in life is not only knowing what you want, but also how and why.
Alice Munro, The Moons of Jupiter|The time for lies and secrets is over," she meowed. "The truth must come out. Starclan was wrong not to tell you who you were a long time ago.
E. Lockhart, We Were Liars|My head and shoulders melted first, followed by my hips and knees. Before long I was a puddle, soaking into the pretty cotton prints. I drenched the quilt she never finished, rusted the metal parts of her sewing machine. I was pure liquid loss...
William Ames|And as the Divine that goes forth from the Lord is the good of love and the truth of faith, the angels are angels and are heaven in the measure in which they receive good and truth from the Lord.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World / Brave New World Revisited|Our “increasing mental sickness” may find expression in neurotic symptoms. These symptoms are conspicuous and extremely distressing. But “let us beware,” says Dr. Fromm, “of defining mental hygiene as the prevention of symptoms. Symptoms as such are not our enemy, but our friend; where there are symptoms there is conflict, and conflict always indicates that the forces of life which strive for integration and happiness are still fighting.” The really hopeless victims of mental illness are to be found among those who appear to be most normal. “Many of them are normal because they are so well adjusted to our mode of existence, because their human voice has been silenced so early in their lives, that they do not even struggle or suffer or develop symptoms as the neurotic does.” They are normal not in what may be called the absolute sense of the word; they are normal only in relation to a profoundly abnormal society. Their perfect adjustment to that abnormal society is a measure of their mental sickness. These millions of abnormally normal people, living without fuss in a society to which, if they were fully human beings, they ought not to be adjusted, still cherish “the illusion of individuality,” but in fact they have been to a great extent deindividualized. Their conformity is developing into something like uniformity. But “uniformity and freedom are incompatible. Uniformity and mental health are incompatible too. . . . Man is not made to be an automaton, and if he becomes one, the basis for mental health is destroyed.
Debasish Mridha|Uniconsciousess is a consciousness and awareness that everything, everyone, every beauty, every life, and every thought arises from the same thing. We are one. We are different expressions of one.
Peter J Tanous|What’s the mission at hand? To save the Church? To save the pope? Uncover a menacing secret society within the Church? Eliminate the would-be assassins? Or could it be something else, something even more portentous and earth-shattering?
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|There is more than one kind of freedom," said Aunt Lydia. "Freedom to and freedom from. In the days of anarchy, it was freedom to. Now you are being given freedom from. Don't underrate it.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I slept well last night. But when I woke this morning, I missed you so intensely. I don't even know how to describe the sensation. I looked at the other pillow, and it just seemed wrong that you weren't there. As though I'd woken up missing my own arm or half of my heart. I felt incomplete. So I rose, and dressed, and I just started walking toward you--because I couldn't move in any there direction.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|The act of sex is healthy, normal, God-given. It's the emotions and entitlement that everyone attaches to it that is harmful.
Michelle Sagara, Cast in Fury|My mother is quite the character. You'd hate her. Sometimes I think I hate her too, but mainly I feel sorry for her. Which is kind of worse.
Jackie Joyner-Kersee|I love outdoor sports, like volleyball, and I play them whenever I can.
Peter Jackson|Hope is necessary in every condition. The miseries of poverty, sickness and captivity would, without this comfort, be insupportable.
Debasish Mridha|Consciousness is the awareness of the interaction and interdependence among mind, body, spirit, and the universe where it resides.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|Islam is in a formative period struggling to consolidate the vast reach won by both inspiration and force at its founding. Two centuries along, the faith of Muhammad hangs like an intricate veil: a religion still searching for institutional wholeness, a set of lessons to live by.
Isabel Allende, Daughter of Fortune|Their song reminds me of a child’s neighborhood rallying cry—ee-ock-ee—with a heartfelt warble at the end. But it is their call that is especially endearing. The towhee has the brass and grace to call, simply and clearly, "tweet". I know of no other bird that stoops to literal tweeting.
Kate Winslet|Part of our tradition as black women is that we are universalists. Black children, yellow children, red children, brown children, that is the black woman's normal, day-to-day relationship. In my family alone, we are about four different colors.
Dada Bhagwan|Marriage results in two possibilities: sometimes it results in prosperity, sometimes it results in destruction.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|The low E is at the top, the second string is A, then it's D, G, B, and the last one is high E." A mnemonic device he once heard came to mind and, plucking the strings, he said, "Eddie Ate Dynamite... Good Bye Eddie,.
John Scalzi, Questions for a Soldier|Making peace is often a simple thing, but simple isn’t the same thing as easy.
Al Franken|My views about God come from my dad. Dad told me that he believed Nature, which to him included humankind, to be so beautiful, so magnificent, that there had to be something behind it all.
Glendon Swarthout, The Homesman|You shut your door to these poor women," he said so they could hear him, "and you'll answer for it the rest of your lives. You won't sleep. You'll choke on drinks. The food you eat'll block up your bowels and you'll die of your own shit.
Joyce Meyer|The truth is God created us to have relationship with us. He wants to love us and take care of us, and He wants us to love Him. That's where our walk with Christ has to start.
Eli Siegel, Damned Welcome: Aesthetic Realism Maxims|The self can watch itself becoming lazy, or non-watchful; this is an asset that can make both for humor and profound well-being.
|Your children are not your children.They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.They come through you but not from you,And though they are with you, yet they belong not to you.You may give them your love but not your thoughts,For they have their own thoughts.You may house their bodies but not their souls,For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow,Which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Pablo Neruda|I was born anew, owner of my own darkness.
Maya Panika|And there has been no attempt to investigate it,' I said, 'to see what it really is?''Eh, Cornel,' said the coachman's wife, 'wha would investigate, as ye call it, a thing that nobody believes in? Ye would be the laughing-stock of a' the country-side, as my man says.''But you believe in it,' I said, turning upon her hastily. The woman was taken by surprise. She made a step backward out of my way.'Lord, Cornel, how ye frichten a body! Me! there's awful strange things in this world. An unlearned person doesna ken what to think. But the minister and the gentry they just laugh in your face. Inquire into the thing that is not! Na, na, we just let it be.' ("The Open Door")
Moxie Mezcal, Concrete Underground|Can you hear me? Sighing. You were right. My requiem is well prepared. Still to be written is the poem that is never complete, an endless rubbing on the ink block, an endless dipping of the pen, an endless swoop over the white paper, the poem of my life. I will try to write it down. Soon, no, now, I will try. The first line. I called him Necktie. I will write: He taught me to see with eyes of feeling.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|You should choose your battles if you can, but if the battle chooses you then kick the sod in his fuse box!
LeeAnn Whitaker, Never Another You|I always believed that first love would stay in my heart the longest, that it would be reminded through every man I met, through every song and every place I had been too, it hurt like hell to experience my heart crashing into a thousand pieces amongst the floor & the feeling of missing them so bad that my body ached that I spent a lot of time alone wondering if I deserved to be loved the way I love and then I met you & you gently reminded me that I was worthy and in your actions taught me to give love one more chance. So I did and as vulnerable and uncertain it all is, im glad my heart has met someone it wants to open for again.
Clara Winter, The Starless Chronicles|All people want to belong to some sort of hierarchy. Allow me to explain. The rich want to be the richest; the poor want to be the smartest; those who are both rich and smart want to be the better persons; the better persons want to go to heaven; those who are in heaven will look down upon those who are in hell... there is always some kind of hierarchy desired by everyone; even by those who claim the opposite of this. So how do you find true divinity? Divinity is found in those who reach down low; because it is those who are above who must reach down low, while it is those who are below who must constantly reach for what is above! And this is divinity. What is divine, is what will have a curiosity in what is below. There is no fear of becoming "tainted"; because what is lesser can never really taint what is greater. it is what is greater that is able to transform what is lesser. The alchemist must first find the mud, pick it up, before she is able to transform it into diamond. She must first reach into the swamp, in order to pull out roses.
Lisa Unger, Beautiful Lies|The Universe doesn't like secrets. It conspires to reveal the truth, to lead you to it.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, On Duties|The contrast between earthly and spiritual is not a contrast between the tangible and the intangible; it is between the transitory and the eternal. Earthly is temporary, spiritual is everlasting. [Ed Welch, Running Scared, 127]
Keira Knightley|There are some movies I can watch over and over, never get sick of. I'll put one of those on and be puttering around the house. Then a certain scene will come on and I'll just have to go over and watch.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Pleasure is a kind servant, but a cruel master.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If kindness is beauty, patience is disarming elegance.
Jamie McCall|See it, learn it, do it ALL.
Ron Baratono|Dear God, I don’t ask that my life be perfect but that you allow the myriad of emotions in my life to end each day with calmness. May I sleep peacefully to do your work again by morning light. I ask for these things in Jesus’s name, amen.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|Teaching isn’t rocket science. It’s about being engaged, listening, paying attention. Despite conventional wisdom, you don’t need to talk a lot to teach well. You do need to care, though. Not so much about what people think of you or whether or not they like you, but about the kids and doing what’s best for them.
Diann Ducharme|He said to himself that he really had not suffered enough to deserve such radiant happiness, and he thanked God, in the depths of his soul, for having permitted that he, a miserable man, should be so loved by this innocent being." He said to himself that he really had not suffered enough to deserve such radiant happiness, and he thanked God, in the depths of his soul, for having permitted that he, a miserable man, should be so loved by this innocent being." -Jean Valjean about Cossette-
Stanley Milgram, Obedience to Authority|So sad "Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior" the series ended open and it was made in 2011 and it ended in 2011!
J. Cole|My dreams for the future are simple: work, a happy, healthy family, a lovely long motorcycle ride, and continuing the struggle to awaken people to the need for serious human rights reform.
Marcus Brotherton, We Who Are Alive and Remain: Untold Stories from the Band of Brothers|its more a trance, jonah said. the whole world is pressing in on me, like a weight on my chest, slowly pushing me down ans down. and there's nothing between me and this weight but my flimsy skin. Its not enough. It won't protect me. It doesn't keep anything out. The outside will keep pressing until my ribs are crushed.
ehddah|I wanted to leave marks or what?prints or blemishes? so when they track you, they'd know, i'd been there inside you, like an odour of your skin
Takina Cupp|Usually when your imagination is bigger then one's comprehension, this normally means you've out grown the small circle. Get with like-mined people and go after your vision.By T-cupp
Julian Baggini|Urgent optimism is the desire to act immediately to tackle an obstacle, combined with the belief that we have a reasonable hope of success.
Henry David Thoreau|In nature we never see anything isolated, but everything in connection with something else which is before it, beside it, under it and over it.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Give yourself unto reading. The man who never reads will never be read; he who never quotes will never be quoted. He who will not use the thoughts of other men’s brains, proves that he has no brains of his own. You need to read.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When I preach—no matter where it is in the world—I can always count on five areas of human need that afflict all peoples. Emptiness, loneliness, guilt, fear of death, deep-seated insecurity.
Ann B. Keller|You’re still a little shy, I see, the wizard noted. I think if you ignore evil, my friend, it tends to grow stronger. (Quinhelm, the wizard - from BRIGGEN)
V.S. Carnes|He’d thought it would be the right thing to say, but she scoffed a little… and that, more than anything—more than the prospect of having his ribs crushed in or his face pulled off or his neck stretched on a rope—scared him out of his wits.
Kunal  Sen, Left from Dhakeshwari|The last thing Farinoush did on several nights just before she went to bed was to rummage through her cardboard box of old things looking for him. And there he invariably remained, nestled forever between a copy of ‘Jana Aranya’ and ‘The Hours’. She read about thirty pages of his still incomprehensible stage-directions before passing out from exhaustion and hoping that the morning would bring him back to her; yearning to be yanked out of bed by him, devoured by him again. But he never returned.
Meredith T. Taylor, Churning Waters (The Churning Waters Saga)|It is certain that the labors of these early workers in the field of natural knowledge were brought to a standstill by the decay and disruption of the Roman Empire, the consequent disorganisation of society, and the diversion of men's thoughts from sublunary matters to the problems of the supernatural world suggested by Christian dogma in the Middle Ages. And, notwithstanding sporadic attempts to recall men to the investigation of nature, here and there, it was not until the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries that physical science made a new start, founding itself, at first, altogether upon that which had been done by the Greeks. Indeed, it must be admitted that the men of the Renaissance, though standing on the shoulders of the old philosophers, were a long time before they saw as much as their forerunners had done.
Jostein Gaarder, Maya|When we die, as when the scenes have been fixed on to celluloid and the scenery is pulled down and burnt — we are phantoms in the memories of our descendants. Then we are ghosts, my dear, then we are myths. But still we are together. We are the past together, we are a distant past. Beneath the dome of the mysterious stars, I still hear your voice.
Wang Shaoguang|Measured in terms of the World Bank poverty standard, the number of poor people in China fell from 652 million to 135 million between 1981 and 2004 - in other words, more than half a billion people were lifted out of poverty. The number of poor people in the developing world as a whole declined by only 400 million over the same period. In other words, but for China, there would have been an increase in the number of poor people in the developing world. No wonder a World Bank report said that "a fall in the number of poor of this magnitude over such a short period is without historical precedent.
Geoffrey Robert|The fish, whose tail was nipped, separated itself from the group and began to appear sickly, most likely from stress, Coal reasoned. He refused to be this fish, or the belly up fish, or the blue fish gasping for air. Rather, he resolved to be the other fish, the one who found purpose and meaning despite the unnatural environment, despite depending upon keepers for survival.
Hugh Prather|Enjoy yourself. These are the "good old days" you're going to miss in the years ahead.
Nikki Rowe|Amongst it all my soul craved one thing, Love, for it was the beginning and end of anything that will ever truly matter.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Your opponents would love you to believe that it's hopeless, that you have no power, that there's no reason to act, that you can't win. Hope is a gift you don't have to surrender, a power you don't have to throw away.
Milan Kundera|This scene expresses the basic situation of immaturity; lyricism is an attempt to face that situation: the individual expelled from the protected enclosure of childhood wishes to enter the world, but at the same time, because he is frightened of it, he fashions an artificial replacement world out of his own verse. He makes his poems revolve around him like the planets around the sun; he becomes the center of a small universe in which nothing is alien, in which he feels as much at home as a child inside its mother, for everything here is fashioned only from the substance of his soul. Here he can accomplish everything that is so difficult "outside;" here he can, like the student Wolker, march with a proletarian crowd to make a revolution and, like the virginal Rimbaud, lash his "little girlfriends" because that crowd and those girlfriends are not fashioned out of the hostile substance of an alien world but out of the substance of his own dreams, and they are thus he himself and do not shatter the unity of the universe he has constructed for himself.
Mikhail Naimy, The Book of Mirdad: The Strange Story of a Monastery Which Was Once Called the Ark|So think as if your every thought were to be etched in fire upon the sky for all and everything to see. For so, in truth, it is.
Brian Christian, Tom Griffiths|I believe that I have not been fair to you and that, as a result, I must have led you around in circles and hurt you deeply. In doing so, however, I have led myself around in circles and hurt myself just as deeply. I say this not as an excuse or a means of self-justification but because it is true. If I have left a wound inside you, it is not just your wound but mine as well. So please try not to hate me. I am a flawed human being - a far more flawed being than you realize. Which is precisely why I do not want you to hate me. Because if you were to do that, I would really go to pieces. I can't do what you can do: I can't slip inside my shell and wait for things to pass. I don't know for a fact that you are really like that, but sometimes you give me that impression. I often envy that in you, which may be why I led you around in circles so much. This may be an over-analytical way of looking at things. Don't you agree? The therapy they perform here is certainly not over-analytical, but when you are under treatment for several months the way I am here, like it or not, you become more or less analytical. "This was caused by that, and that means this, because of which such-and-such."Like that. I can't tell whether this kind of analysis is trying to simplify the world or complicate it.In any case, I myself feel that I am far closer to recovery than I once was, and people here tell me this is true. This is the first time in a long while I have been able to sit down and calmly write a letter. The one I wrote you in July was something I had to squeeze out of me (though, to tell the truth, I don't remember what I wrote - was it terrible?), but this time I am very calm. How wonderful it is to be able to write someone a letter! To feel like conveying your thoughts to a person, to sit at your desk and pick up a pen, to put your thoughts into words like this is truly marvellous. Of course, once I do put them to words, I find I can only express a fraction of what I want to say, but that's all right. I'm happy just to be able to feel I want to write to someone. And so I am writing to you.
Nerlens Noel|We are willing enough to praise freedom when she is safely tucked away in the past and cannot be a nuisance. In the present, amidst dangers whose outcome we cannot foresee, we get nervous about her, and admit censorship.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|Julia Kline, you’ve spent your whole life running and all you’ve done is run farther away from the love that’s been waiting for you all along. The first time you smiled at me with your two missing teeth you had my undivided attention. When you laugh, I want to laugh with you. When you cry, I want to be the one to hold you. When you said you loved me, you highjacked my heart forever. They say that love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. Your happiness is what I will spend the rest of my life striving to give you. I love you so much. Will you do the honor of marrying me?
Richard Yates|Why do writers write? Why do actors act? Why do painters paint? It doesn't pay much, unless you're very successful. It's who we are.
William Ritter, Jackaby|Some people hate the smell of hospitals. I hate the smell of jails and prisons, all the same: stale cigarette smoke, Pine-Sol, urine, sweat, and dust.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Immobilization: A state, however mild or serious, in which you are not functioning at the level that you would like to. If feelings lead to such a state, you need to look no further for a reason to get rid of them.
Debasish Mridha|I like curiosity. It's a mind game, not a necessity.
Jeanette Winterson, Christmas Days: 12 Stories and 12 Feasts for 12 Days|I am sure that if we can find reconciliation with our past – whether parents, partners or friends – we should try and do that. It won't be perfect, it will be a compromise . . . but it might mean acceptance and, the big word, forgiveness.
Lilly Wilde, Touched|We both grew up at a time when homosexuality was not even spoken about. There were certainly no books that could help a young person understand that two people of the same sex could build a happy, productive and loving life together. When we entered our 50th year, another same sex couple told us we were ‘an inspiration’, so we began to feel we had the responsibility to make what we’ve experienced available to others. We also wanted to show people who were not gay that our life was not unlike theirs. We are all pretty much the same, so we deserve equal protection under the Constitution.
Thomas Paine|Nothing, they say is more certain than death, and nothing more uncertain than the time of dying
Dodie Smith, The 101 Dalmatians|As worthless as guilt was known to be, he couldn't help feeling it, seeing his wife work herself to exhaustion for a parish tea that would last only two hours.
Grigoris Deoudis|Death is a part of Life, they are dancing together the dance of infinity in front of the gates of Time. We can live our dreams as we are dreaming our future. Time is the Endless Consciousness
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|I felt despair. The word’s overused and banalified now, despair, but it’s a serious word, and I’m using it seriously. For me it denotes a simple admixture — a weird yearning for death combined with a crushing sense of my own smallness and futility that presents as a fear of death. It’s maybe close to what people call dread or angst. But it’s not these things, quite. It’s more like wanting to die in order to escape the unbearable feeling of becoming aware that I’m small and weak and selfish and going without any doubt at all to die. It’s wanting to jump overboard.
Bonnie Friedman, Writing Past Dark: Envy, Fear, Distraction and Other Dilemmas in the Writer's Life|The most important trait of a writer is an authentic voice. Writers have to have faith in their own voice, and their own way of doing things. Originality is the gem that every writer possesses. Originality also brings on the most merciless attacks. The world resents originality in the beginning writer, and then rewards it abundantly once that writer has been successfully published. Cherish your own voice. Don't try to sound like anybody else. Sound like yourself and take the slings and arrows and keep going.
Aminatta Forna|If you want to know a country, read its writers.
Jeremy Aldana|I am intrigued by the smile upon your face, and the sadness within your eyes
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|a bit of a dirty fighter, quick with cutting words that he later regrets and doesn't really mean. Then again, I wonder if there isn't always a grain of truth in them, somewhere
John Krasinski|I do respond well to a director, a teacher - someone who doesn't accept mediocrity.
Robert Penn|The bicycle saves my life every day. If you've ever experienced a moment of awe or freedom on a bicycle; if you've ever taken flight from sadness to the rhythm of two spinning wheels, or felt the resurgence of hope pedalling to the top of a hill with the dew of effort on your forehead; if you've ever wondered, swooping down bird-like down a long hill, if the world was standing still; if you have ever, just once, sat on a bicycle with a singing heart and felt like an ordinary human touching the gods, then we share something fundamental. We know it's all about the bike.
Various|If he is not the word of God, then God never spoke.
David Perlmutter|In the same way that our school system feels strongly about requiring vaccinations and annual physicals, I feel strongly that it is essential to add a mental health component to that annual physical.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|A sacred picture of Saint Anthony alone is one vertical, unwavering band of light. If a cockroach were near him, or a cocktail waitress, the picture would be two such bands of light. Our awareness is all that is alive and maybe sacred in any of us. Everything else about us is just dead machinery.
Sabrina Newby|If you're the smartest person in the room, you might wanna switch rooms.
John Redwood|I went to my boss, and I said, 'Look, I'd like to design these ties because I think they could be new.' He said, 'The world isn't ready for Ralph Lauren.' I never forgot that because... I thought that was a compliment.
Reaz Uddin|...though by then it had become increasingly difficult to distinguish the acts of God from the endeavors of men. The wind was God; of this they were confident. As were the mountains funneling the wind.But the sand, all that monstrous, infinite sand. Who had latticed the Southwest with a network of aqueducts? Who had drained first Owens Lake then Mono Lake, Mammoth Lake, Lake Havasu and so on, leaving behind wide white smears of dust? Who had diverted the coast's rainwater and sapped the Great Basin of its groundwater? Who had tunneled beneath Lake Mead, installed a gaping outlet at its bottommost point, and drained it like a sink? Who had sucked up the Ogallala Aquifer, the Rio Grande aquifer, the snowpack of the Sierras and the Cascades? If this was God, he went by new names: Los Angeles City Council, Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, City of San Diego, City of Phoenix, Arizona Water and Power, New Mexico Water Commission, Las Vegas Housing and Water Authority, Bureau of Land Management, United States Department of the Interior.
Dying Inside by Robert Silverberg|The biggest problem occurswhen i try to forget you are nights,cuz i ain't got control on my dreams...
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When your attention is for the most important things, you mind the most important things! Give your attention to the most important things, and don't let anything at all get you thinking about anything! Have a true passion for living; you are here to accomplish a true mission!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We often hear about stepping outside ourselves, but rarely about stepping outside our generation.
Jeremy M Coates|You can't do wrong right, but you can do right wrong.
Marjorie Celona, Y|Peeling an OrangeBetween you and a bowl of oranges I lie nudeReading The World’s Illusion through my tears.You reach across me hungry for global fruit,Your bare arm hard, furry and warm on my belly.Your fingers pry the skin of a naval orangeReleasing tiny explosions of spicy oil.You place peeled disks of gold in a bizarre patternOn my white body. Rearranging, you bend and biteThe disks to release further their eager scent.I say “Stop, you’re tickling,” my eyes still on the page.Aromas of groves arise. Through green leavesGlow the lofty snows. Through red lipsYour white teeth close on a translucent segment.Your face over my face eclipses The World’s Illusion.Pulp and juice pass into my mouth from your mouth.We laugh against each other’s lips. I hold my bookBehind your head, still reading, still weeping a little.You say “Read on, I’m just an illusion,” rollingOver upon me soothingly, gently unmoving,Smiling greenly through long lashes. And soonI say “Don’t stop. Don’t disillusion me.”Snows melt. The mountain silvers into many a stream.The oranges are golden worlds in a dark dream.
Bill Bryson, The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid|I used to give X-ray vision a lot of thought because I couldn’t see how it could work. I mean, if you could see through people’s clothing, then surely you would also see through their skin and right into their bodies. You would see blood vessels, pulsing organs, food being digested and pushed through coils of bowel, and much else of a gross and undesirable nature. Even if you could somehow confine your X-rays to rosy epidermis, any body you gazed at wouldn’t be in an appealing natural state, but would be compressed and distorted by unseen foundation garments. The breasts, for one thing, would be oddly constrained and hefted, basketed within an unseen bra, rather than relaxed and nicely jiggly. It wouldn’t be satisfactory at all—or at least not nearly satisfactory enough. Which is why it was necessary to perfect ThunderVision™, a laserlike gaze that allowed me to strip away undergarments without damaging skin or outer clothing. That ThunderVision, stepped up a grade and focused more intensely, could also be used as a powerful weapon to vaporize irritating people was a pleasing but entirely incidental benefit.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|Antonin Artaud wrote on one of his drawings, "Never real and always true," and that is how depression feels. You know that it is not real, that you are someone else, and yet you know that it is absolutely true.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human beings are self-motivated. The two desires that spur human action are hunger and love. Without memory, humankind would no longer hunger for love.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|As ages passed we the people, were all blinded and misled in their ventures, by the heralds of the past. In the art of suppression apartheid and slavery were born and raised. In the final stage we established our earth as a drain of fuel and the religion of money made his appearance.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|A few birds sang in the distance; everything was still. We were truly alone. This was it, no turning back now. Even if we did, it was a long walk home.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|Kiss the lips upon me once, and I shall never tell.
Cecil Lewis|The most self confident aces began to wonder when their turn would come.. Faced by the empty chairs of men you had laughed and joked with at lunch. And, miraculously, you were still there. Until tomorrow..
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|I have a big heart and give with love everywhere I go, i am hungry for life and if you do me bad you will be my fucking dinner.
Cory Doctorow|Just because we have birds inside us, we don't have to be cages.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Well-lit streets discourage sin, but don't overdo it.
Kathleen Sebelius|Young women especially have something invested in being nice people, and it's only when you have children that you realise you're not a nice person at all, but generally a selfish bully.
Sam Yagan|The sort of the most efficient way for online dating marketplace to evolve and, in fact, any marketplace to evolve is to have one really big market where people can enter and exit as they please, where people have really advanced search, sort, and filtering technology.
David  Cain, Making Things Clear|Meditation isn’t only the act of successfully keeping your attention on the breath, it’s the whole period of time you spend with the intention to observe the breath. It is this intention and its application — not your success at achieving perfect concentration — that is responsible for the benefits of meditation.
Tammy Johnson|Always trust your instinct! If you just close your eyes, talk to God and listen you can always hear the truth
Pico Iyer|While we celebrate our diversity, what surprises me time and time again as I travel around the constituency is that we are far more united and have far more in common with each other than things that divide us.
Richard Dawkins|A grand and almost untrodden field of inquiry will be opened, on the causes and laws of variation, on correlation of growth, on the effects of use and disuse, on the direct actions of external conditions, and so forth.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It may shock some parents to learn that we don’t own our children. God has given them to us in trust . . . however, God may transfer our children to His home at any time.
John Eldredge|For me, horror movies are a real escape.
Marlo Thomas|I have wit in my work and a sense of humor, but I do not use irony in any way.
Serina Hartwell|Once upon a time, there was a man as great as the gods…But even the great can tremble with fear.Even the great can fall
Marcus Tullius Cicero|All censorships exist to prevent anyone from challenging current conceptions and existing institutions. All progress is initiated by challenging current conceptions, and executed by supplanting existing institutions. Consequently, the first condition of progress is the removal of censorship.
Michael Bassey Johnson|I am an Agnostic because I am not afraid to think. I am not afraid of any god in the universe who would send me or any other man or woman to hell. If there were such a being, he would not be a god; he would be a devil.
Keith Carter|I would never understand photography, the sneaky, murderous taxidermy of it. 
David Crystal|I think it's very hard to find a good friend. That's why I'm so lucky to have two sisters, because they're my best friends, and they have to be with me forever. They're stuck with me.
Christos Tsiolkas, Barracuda|He imagined forgiveness was like flying, that it made you soar. He imagined that it looked like an eagle, a silver bolt in the sky, that it was pure light.
Ellen G. White|False religion may prevail, iniquity may abound, the love of many may wax cold, the cross of Calvary may be lost sight of, and darkness, like the pall of death, may spread over the world; the whole force of the popular current may be formed to overthrow the people of God; but in the hour of greatest peril the God of Elijah will raise up human instrumentalities to bear a message that will not be silenced.
Munia Khan|Love is like dried flowers sometimes. Even though you watch the petals shrink and change colour, you cannot help treasuring them
George Washington|It is now no more that toleration is spoken of, as if it was by the indulgence of one class of people, that another enjoyed the exercise of their inherent natural rights. For happily the government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no sanction - to persecution no assistance, requires only that they who live under its protection should demean themselves as good citizens.
Tim Kreider, Twilight of the Assholes|My feeling toward Republicans is like my feeling about sharks: of course they're stupid and vicious. It's in their nature to be mindless, ravening killing machines. It's nothing personal. They don't know any better. Pretty much the only thing you can do about them is stay out of their waters and, if you're unlucky enough to meet with one, shoot it through its rudimentary brain with a spear gun.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Passando fra gli insorti che si scostavano con religioso rispetto, [papà Mabeuf] continuò dritto verso Enjolras che indietreggiava impietrito, gli strappò la bandiera, e senza che nessuno osasse trattenerlo né aiutarlo, quel vecchio ottuagenario col capo vacillante, ma col piede fermo, salì lentamente la scala di pietre costruita nella barricata. Lo spettacolo era così serio che tutto all'intorno dissero: «Giù il cappello!». A ogni gradino che saliva diventava sempre più terribile: i suoi capelli canuti, il volto decrepito, l'ampia fronte calma e rugosa, gli occhi incavati, la bocca attonita e semiaperta, il vecchio braccio che sosteneva la bandiera rossa, uscivano dall'ombra e ingigantivano nel sanguinoso chiarore della torcia, e sembrava di vedere lo spettro del 1793 sorgere dalla terra inalberando la bandiera del terrore.Quando fu all'ultimo gradino, quando quel fantasma tremante e terribile, ritto su quel mucchio di rovine dinanzi a milleduecento fucili invisibili, si drizzò in faccia alla morte come se fosse più forte di essa, tutta la barricata assunse nelle tenebre un aspetto colossale e soprannaturale. Vi fu uno di quegli istanti di silenzio che accompagnano i prodigi. In mezzo a quel silenzio il vegliardo sventolò la bandiera rossa e gridò:«Viva la Rivoluzione! Viva la Repubblica! Fratellanza! Uguaglianza! E morte!».
Miklós Bánffy, The Phoenix Land|The public can never know all the facts, ands public opinion is always swayed by passion, never by reason and the best interests of the country.It may sometimes be necessary to stir up passion, but only if action is to follow...but to go on doing so is a great mistake. If one particular hatred is allowed to become fixed in the public mind it can be like putting shackles on the politicians with the results that measures vital to the country's best interests cannot be passed since government is impossible without public support.
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|I was not sure where I was going, and I could not see what I would do when I got [there]. But you saw further and clearer than I, and you opened the seas before my ship, whose track led me across the waters to a place I had never dreamed of, and which you were even then preparing to be my rescue and my shelter and my home.
Patty Houser, A Woman's Guide to Knowing What You Believe: How to Love God With Your Heart and Your Mind|There is nothing more powerful than gaining knowledge through our beliefs via personal experiences because when we turn belief into knowledge this way, we know what we know at the very core of our being, at a visceral level.
Debasish Mridha|You can overspend money but you never can over spend love, so spend it without any thought.
Shannon L. Alder|You’ve one mark on your record,” Tamas said. “You once punched a na-baron in the face. Broke his jaw. Tell me about that.”Olem grimaced. “Officially, sir, I was pushing him out of the way of a runaway carriage. Saved his life. Half my company saw it.”“With your fist?”“Aye.”“And unofficially?”“The man was a git. He shot my dog because it startled his horse.”“And if I ever have cause to shoot your dog?”“I’ll punch you in the face.”“Fair enough. You have the job.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|Love is another kind of power, which shouldn't surprise you. Magic comes from emotions, among other things. And when two people are together, in that intimacy, when they really, selflessly love each other it changes them both. It lingers on in the energy of their lives, even when they are apart.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Society collapses when no two come together as one; however, when things do come together true beauty can occur.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Don't look my appearance,my lookMy Soul has a beautiful Grave
Leon Wieseltier|...it's exemplification of our moment in American culture and American cultural journalism. It is an accurate document of the discourse of "takes." This movie, that book, this poem, that painting, this record, that show: Make a smart remark and move on. A take is an opinion that has no aspiration to a belief, an impression taht never hardens into a position. Its lightness is its appeal. It is provisional, evanescent, a move in a game, an accredited shallowness, a bulwark against a pause in the conversation. A take is expected not to be true but to be interesting, and even when it is interesting it makes no troublesome claim upon anybody's attention. Another take will quickly follow, and the silence that is a mark of perplexity, of research and reflection, will be mercifully kept at bay. A take asks for no affiliation. It requires no commitment.
Candi Kay, Blake the Rogue Reindeer & His Cocky Human|All ceremony depends on symbol; and all symbols have been vulgarized and made stale by the commercial conditions of our time...Of all these faded and falsified symbols, the most melancholy example is the ancient symbol of the flame. In every civilized age and country, it has been a natural thing to talk of some great festival on which "the town was illuminated." There is no meaning nowadays in saying the town was illuminated...The whole town is illuminated already, but not for noble things. It is illuminated solely to insist on the immense importance of trivial and material things, blazoned from motives entirely mercenary...It has not destroyed the difference between light and darkness, but it has allowed the lesser light to put out the greater...Our streets are in a permanent dazzle, and our minds in a permanent darkness.
Nathacha Appanah|It was a kind of love where no matter what your relation with the person is, you care for them as much as you possibly can. Your protect them like parent, understand them like a sibling, talk to them like a friend and love them like a life-partner.
Deepak Chopra, Life After Death: The Burden of Proof|There are poisons that blind you, and poisons that open your eyes.
Deyth Banger|How do you say, 'Do things for me without me asking you to' since in saying that, you are asking them?
Clyde Edgerton|If we have a purpose in life beyond being a cog in the human machine, mine is to help inspire people and that's pretty cool. I would like to motivate the world.
Nancy Astor the Viscountess Astor|Nancy Astor: "Winston, you are a drunk!"Winston Churchill: "And you, madam, are ugly. But I shall be sober in the morning."(Reported exchange will Winston Churchill.
Shannon L. Alder|Go to the Source of Purity; there you will find the truth. Go to the river of Acheron; there you will find the human truth, it is, however, fed by lies.
Timothy D. Lane, How People Change: How Christ Changes Us by His Grace, Leader's Guide|We are often at odds with our wise and loving Lord because the change he is working on is not the change we have dreamt about. We dream about change in it, while God is working in the midst of it to change us.
Daven Anderson|A lot of people see doubt as legitimate philosophical posture. They think of themselves in the middle, whereas of course really, they're nowhere.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|You may kill a fire. And everything you know falls to dust and ash. Yet the remarkable treasure in this seemingly hopeless pile, is hidden deep within. The burning embers incarnate the perpetual desire to go from spark to flame.
Jeanette Winterson, Art Objects: Essays on Ecstasy and Effrontery|To pronounce French properly you must have within you a deep antipathy, not to say scorn, for some of the most sacred of the Anglo-Saxon prejudices.
Bodhidharma, The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma|A Buddha doesn’t observe precepts. A Buddha doesn’t do good or evil. A Buddha isn’t energetic or lazy. A Buddha is someone who does nothing, someone who can’t even focus his mind on a Buddha. A Buddha isn’t a Buddha. Don’t think about Buddhas.
David Levithan, Every Day|I wake up feverish, sore, uncomfortable.Is it sickness or is it heartbreak?I can't tell.The thermometer says I'm normal, but I'm clearly not.
Miriam Joy, Fleeting Ink|It became a weekend of reading, of trying to see her in the fragments of the poem she'd left for me.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|I don’t understand hate. I’ve seen its power. I’ve known its wrath. I’ve even felt it coursing through my veins, pushing me on. But I don’t know where it comes from or why it lasts, how it can take hold in some people and grow.
Rose George|I've taught fifth-year Christmas leavers last thing on a Friday afternoon. Basically, if you can face that you can face anything.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The breeze is cold and refreshing, I draw the night into my lungs and try to calm myself down.
Morgan Llywelyn, Lion of Ireland|He took her into his arms again, using all his strength to be gentle, and let his lips touch hers so lightly he could hardly feel it.
TheWolfmyinnerSoul - Arven|You cannot change others, all you can do is change yourself. If there’s something in your life you don’t like; it’s up to you to alter how you face that issue. Whither it’s something about yourself, or an issue you face; when you change the pattern of energy, you can change the thing causing stress and strife. In doing this, you change the pattern not only in your life, but in how others react to you as well.
Sunday Adelaja|If you despise increase, you are a strange personality in the society
Dielle Ciesco, The Unknown Mother: A Magical Walk with the Goddess of Sound|Reading is a source of liberation. Children who are taught to read early on, are commonly taught to communicate in other significant verbal and nonverbal ways.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|It’s not only about sadness. In truth, sadness really has little to do with it. Depression is pain in its purest form and I would do anything to be able to feel an emotion again. Any emotion at all. Pain hurts, but pain that’s so powerful that you can’t feel anything anymore, that’s when you start to feel like you’re going crazy.
Aldous Huxley|Off with you! You're a happy fellow, for you'll give happiness and joy to many other people. There is nothing better or greater than that!
Yael Shahar|Are we not, all of us, in some way, damaged mirrors? Are we not constantly engaged in focusing the light of thought—memories out of the depths of human experience—onto the photographic plate of each moment? The image captured in this instant is a snapshot of all eternity, subtly altered by our own brokenness. And who’s to say that the image formed by a damaged mirror is not a truer picture of the universe?
Robert Farrar Capon, The Supper of the Lamb: A Culinary Reflection|Smile. Give Earth the biggest smile you've got. See every glimmer of light in the scariest, darkest sky. And when people think you're crazy, then you know you've accomplished something very few dare to try.
yakoobkhan|Live in the moment... where everything is just right, take your time and limit your bad memories and you'll get wherever it is you're going a lot faster and with less bumps in the road along the way.
Maggie  Hall, The Conspiracy of Us|The thing is, being lonely is like walking in the cold without a coat. It’s uncomfortable, but eventually you go numb. Once you get used to not being lonely, though, the shock of going back is like having your down comforter yanked off at six o’clock on a Minnesota December morning.
Matshona Dhiliwayo|Money is the most beautiful woman in the world;even when old and wrinkled, men are head-over-heals in love with her.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Return of the Prodigal Son: A Story of Homecoming|Don’t a man has serf esteem, it’s only woman who is sign of dignity, don’t man have their own?
Sri Chinmoy|He learned the most important part of the language that all the world spoke - the language that everyone on earth was capable of understanding in their heart. It was live. Something older than humanity, more ancient than the desert. Something that exerted the same force whenever two pairs of eyes meet . . .
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have been told by God that if we sin against Him and break His commandments, He will bring judgment upon the world. It is my responsibility and my duty as a minister of the Gospel to [warn] people. This is the message I must deliver.
Matthew Little, Hell in a Basket: A small collection of personal poems.|I didn't look over my shoulder; there wasn't a sound behind me on the pavement, but I knew he was coming slowly after me. The crawl of the skin up and down my back told me. Little needles of warning that gathered at the back of my skull told me. I'd never known until then that the jungles aren't so very far behind us, after all, and tails, and four feet instead of two. Where else did those symptoms come from?("Don't Wait Up For Me, Tonight")
Ralph Ellison, Invisible Man|When I discover who I am, I’ll be free.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|My goal tonight is to maintain a steady stream of invincibility. If I hit stage four—“I’m Invisible”—I’ll likely pass out, and that would ruin all my fun.
Sharon Swan|The key to happiness? Find someone who would rather you be happy than themselves and then you treat them the same way. That way, no matter what, you are both trying to insure the OTHER person's happiness and in turn, yours is undeniable.
Megan Fox|My mom lived with me until I started making enough money to support myself. I was asking her to leave the entire time. I'd been ready to move out since I was, like, 14.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 3|My dad used to warn me that the devil doesn't have horns and a pitchfork, he'll appear as the most beautiful thing you've ever seen. He'll make you laugh. He'll make you feel good. You'll do things you never thought you would, but he'll tell you it's okay. And before you know it, you've sold your soul to him.
Emily Thorne|I see you brought along your violent little girlfriend. What a nice surprise!" - Saint Dane (The Reality Bug)
Walt Whitman|Song of myselfNow I will do nothing but listen, To accrue what I hear into this song, to let sounds contribute toward it. I hear bravuras of birds, bustle of growing wheat, gossip of flames, clack of sticks cooking my meals, I hear the sound I love, the sound of the human voice, I hear all sounds running together, combined, fused or following, Sounds of the city and sounds out of the city, sounds of the day and night, Talkative young ones to those that like them, the loud laugh of work-people at their meals, The angry base of disjointed friendship, the faint tones of the sick, The judge with hands tight to the desk, his pallid lips pronouncing a death-sentence, The heave'e'yo of stevedores unlading ships by the wharves, the refrain of the anchor-lifters, The ring of alarm-bells, the cry of fire, the whirr of swift-streaking engines and hose-carts with premonitory tinkles and color'd lights, The steam-whistle, the solid roll of the train of approaching cars, The slow march play'd at the head of the association marching two and two, (They go to guard some corpse, the flag-tops are draped with black muslin.) I hear the violoncello, ('tis the young man's heart's complaint,) I hear the key'd cornet, it glides quickly in through my ears, It shakes mad-sweet pangs through my belly and breast. I hear the chorus, it is a grand opera, Ah this indeed is music--this suits me.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|It’s SpongeBob, Eleanor,” he said, speaking very slowly and clearly as though I were some sort of idiot. “SpongeBob SquarePants?” A semi-human bath sponge with protruding front teeth! On sale as if it were something completely unremarkable! For my entire life, people have said that I’m strange, but really, when I see things like this, I realize that I’m actually relatively normal.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|The Gods know what it is to be eternal, and they love to toy with mortals who use absolutes.
Master (Eugen Herrigel)|This is shaping up even worse than you anticipated. Still, you feel a measure of detachment, as if you had suffered everything already and this were just a flashback. You wish that you had paid more attention when a woman you met at Heartbreak told you about Zen meditation. Think of all of this as an illusion. She can't hurt you. Nothing can hurt the samurai wh enters combat fully resolved to die. You have already accepted the inevitability of termination, as they say. Still, you'd rather not have to sit through this.
Jeff Lemire|There is a lack of talent in technology, and we need to be encouraging kids in school to learn how to code. We need to encourage computer science as a major. We need to encourage entrepreneurism.
Demetri Martin|But it wasn't until I graduated from Texas A & M University and joined the United States Air Force, flying C-130's all around the globe, that I truly appreciated the blessings of freedom.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Hungry Joe was crazy, and no one knew it better than Yossarian, who did everything he could to help him. Hungry Joe just wouldn’t listen to Yossarian. Hungry Joe just wouldn’t listen because he thought Yossarian was crazy
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|INTEREST. Here is the key to the whole thing. If and when you are truly interested in what you are doing, or are about to do, then you will center your attention on it with little or no effort, and almost irrespective of the attendant conditions.
Andrea Heltsley, Dissolve|I’m suddenly not hungry,” Shane, said, his face ashen. “Noah, you go get the note. Be careful not to touch anything else. Don’t step in the blood.
Thomas Brooks, Precious Remedies Against Satan's Devices|[I]t is not hasty reading--but serious meditating upon holy and heavenly truths, that make them prove sweet and profitable to the soul. It is not the bee’s touching of the flower, which gathers honey--but her abiding for a time upon the flower, which draws out the sweet. It is not he who reads most--but he who meditates most, who will prove the choicest, sweetest, wisest and strongest Christian.
Sunday Adelaja|The most important thing is not to achieve success, but to keep it so that it would be stable
Deyth Banger|Once we come to understand why we must love each other, it becomes easier for us to love.
Shelli NT|My friend Annabel calls it "Reverse Perfectionism" - if a man thinks he can't do something perfectly, he'd rather not do it at all…
Anupama Garg|Observe the things you are instintively attracted to, they are often linked to your purpose and path in life.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Brother," Artemis chided. "You do not help my hunters. You do not look at, talk to, or flirt with my Hunters. And you do not call them sweetheart.
William S. Burroughs|In Shanghai, there were several pro-right circles of former officers. They realized that the Great War and European revolutions were a direct consequence of rotten liberalism. Words like order, family, discipline and duty didn't mean anything anymore. Civil liberties, so dear to Nina Kupina and people like her, resulted in monstrous egotism and total moral degradation: I do what I want and don't give a damn about others.
Carrie Brownstein, Hunger Makes Me a Modern Girl|I suppose we were better observers than communicators; we were all subjects to be worried over, complained about, even adored, but never quite people to be held or loved. There was an intellectual, almost absurd distance.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Why grace? Because some days, it's the only thing we have in common. Because it's the one thing I'm certain is real. Because it's the reason I'm here. Because it's the oxygen of religious life, or so says a musician friend of mine, who tells me, “Without it, religion will surely suffocate you.” Because so many of us are gasping for air and grasping for God, but fleeing from a kind of religious experience that has little to do with anything sacred or gracious.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Of course I need you. I go insane when I see you. You can do almost anything you wish with me. Is that what you want to hear? Almost, Dominique. And the things you couldn't make me do — you could put me through hell if you demanded them and I had to refuse you, as I would. Through utter hell, Dominique. Does that please you? Why do you want to know whether you own me? It's so simple. Of course you do. All of me that can be owned. You'll never demand anything else. But you want to know whether you could make me suffer. You could. What of it?" The words did not sound like surrender, because they were not torn out of him, but admitted simply and willingly. She felt no thrill of conquest; she felt herself owned more than ever, by a man who could say these things, know them to be true, and still remain controlled and controlling — as she wanted him to remain.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|You were wrong. She really is the new general in town."I smiled back, hoping he wasn't aware of my body's reaction to us standing so close. "Maybe. But, it's okay. You can still be colonel."He arched an eyebrow. "Oh? Did you demote yourself? Colonel's right below general. What's that make you?"I reached into my pocket and triumphantly flashed the CR-V keys I'd swiped when we'd come back inside. "The driver," I said.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|... we sat back and let the moon shine itself all over her, and we saw that Tia was full of light. Billy said that when we die the darkness leaves us.'We're pure and perfect then,' he said, 'the way we are when we're born.
E.B. White, Essays of E.B. White|...the book had been written with winter nights in mind. Without a doubt, it was a book for when the birds had flown south, the wood was stacked by the fireplace, and the fields were white with snow; that is, for when one had no desire to venture out and one's friends had no desire to venture in.
Harold Bloom|We read frequently if unknowingly, in quest of a mind more original than our own.
Eli Pariser, The Filter Bubble: How the New Personalized Web Is Changing What We Read and How We Think|A Wikipedia article is a process, not a product.
Felicia Day|If someone were to put a proposition before men bidding them choose, after examination, the best customs in the world, each nation would certainly select its own.
Thomas Gibson|I was very sad to hear of the death of Ronnie Barker, who was such a warm, friendly and encouraging presence to have when I started in television. He was also a great comic actor to learn from.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|God’s grace does not require a condition to abound. However to obtain the promises of his blessings, you have to strive for it, fight for it, work hard for it and insist upon it.
Lloyd Alexander, The Arkadians|Any fool can tell a story. Take a few odds and ends of things that happen to you, dress them up, shuffle them about, add a dash of excitement, a little color, and there you have it.
David Levithan|There are friends, but they are people to spend time with, not people to share time with.
Joss Whedon|My mom, if you asked her if she was interested in whether or not people gambled, would say no.
Sunday Adelaja|We have to continually grow in the knowledge of Christ, in order to avoid every limitation of our human understanding, and allow the Lordship of God’s information, which is hidden in His wisdom
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|There is no more valuable skill than studentship. The farther we go down one area of human understanding, the more we see the corollaries that all activities share. Everything I do for the rest of my life, all the skills I acquire, will be made possible because of my time spent on the mats. It has revealed a symbiosis between all things that I never knew existed.
Bill O'Reilly|'The Christmas Song,' by Nat King Cole, is not only a masterful performance; to me it just sounds like the holidays. I've never sung it, because Nat's version is so perfect. I gotta leave it alone.
Vanda, Juliana: Volume 1: 1941-1944|He was an animal, that great thing for someone else to be.
ASAP Rocky|Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle, Old Age a regret.
Mia Wasikowska|The Islamic tradition does show some areas of apparent incompatibility with the goals of women in the West, and Muslims have a long way to go in their attitudes towards women. But blaming the religion is again to express an ignorance both of the religion and of the historical struggle for equality of women in Muslim societies.
Daphne Gottlieb, Kissing Dead Girls|As she bends for a Kleenex in the dark, I am thinking of other girls: the girl I loved who fell in love with a lion--she lost her head over it--we just necked a lot; of the girl who fell in love with the tightrope, got addicted to getting high wired and nothing else was enough; all the beautiful, damaged women who have come through my life and I wonder what would have happened if I'd met them sooner, what they were like before they were so badly wounded. All this time I thought I'd been kissing, but maybe I'm always doing mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, kissing dead girls in hopes that the heart will start again. Where there's breath, I've heard, there's hope.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|For I’m neither a submitter nor a hating retaliator, I acknowledge the boundaries of my existence; yet, I still care. I care regardless of the way they choose to reduce me to the brand that is the birthmark of the accident of my conception. I care less about what that brand signifies in terms of my character, potential, and intentions. For the harmed I care. For the real victims. It’s the most basic of my mandatory civil duties. Only in caring, am I a citizen of the world.
Ashbeel Roy|The bright the light is, the darker the shadows are.
Emile Durkheim|Religion and philosophy are to be preserved distinct. We are not to introduce divine revelations into philosophy, nor philosophical opinions into religion.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Confessions|My dislike has no consequences. It accrues only in my mind—like preserves on a shelf or guns zeroing in, and never firing.
Jo Beverley|When you're doing a film called 'Interstellar,' at some point - the idea was to be grounded in the science as much as possible - but with a name like 'Interstellar,' you had better go somewhere big and bold.
Osho Samuel Adetunji|Think like the great,speak like the great,act like the great,and you will become like the great.
