Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|In the future, when something comes up, you tell exactly how it happened but write down for yourself the way you think it should have happened. Tell the truth and write the story. Then you won't get mixed up. It was the best advice Francie every got.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|I whisper over to myself the way of loss, the names of the dead. One by one, we lose our loved ones, our friends, our powers of work and pleasure, our landmarks, the days of our allotted time. One by one, the way we lose them, they return to us and are treasured up in our hearts. Grief affirms, them, preserves them, sets the cost. Finally a man stands up alone, scoured and charred like a burnt tree, having lost everything and (at the cost only of its loss) found everything, and is ready to go. Now I am ready.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Man cannot survive except through his mind. He comes on earth unarmed. His brain is his only weapon. Animals obtain food by force. man had no claws, no fangs, no horns, no great strength of muscle. He must plant his food or hunt it. To plant, he needs a process of thought. To hunt, he needs weapons,and to make weapons - a process of thought. From this simplest necessity to the highest religious abstraction, from the wheel to the skyscraper, everything we are and we have comes from a single attribute of man -the function of his reasoning mind.
The Harvard Lampoon, Nightlight: A Parody|So, Belle, what's new today?"Dad," I said, grasping his hands and looking directly into his eyes. "I'm in the deepest love that has ever occurred in the history of the world."Gosh, Belle. When someone asks you 'What's new?' the correct answer is 'Not much'. Besides, isn't it a little soon to cut yourself off from the rest of your peers, depending on a boyfriend to satisfy your social needs as opposed to making friends? Imagine what would happen if something forced that boy to leave! I'm imagining pages and pages would happen - with nothing but the names of the months on them.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|I had come to realize that you must do what you must for your children, even it if called for the sacrifice of your very soul.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|If he didn't want to be mauled by a sex-starved woman who hadn't gotten any skin in months, he'd better keep his hands to himself.
Aphra Behn|But for my faith in God, I should have been a raving maniac.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|We don't go back to wallow, we go back to undo the lies that are back there that are holding its captive from living a wondrous and full life.
Erica Bauermeister, The School of Essential Ingredients|...though she had not had the strength to shake off the spell that bound her to him she had lost all spontaneity of feeling, and seemed to herself to be passively awaiting a fate she could not avert.
Anonymous|You regard us here neither as thieves nor as robbers. Today, as in the time of Pilate, Christ the Savior is accused. Once again there is mocking and scorn, slander and noisy jubilance. But he remains yet, and his glance embraces sinners with unending compassion.
Debasish Mridha|The biggest risk in life is not the failure, but the failure to get an education.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|When she started with the first empty canvas, she didn’t know what she was going to paint, she just let her paint brushes glide and they religiously followed the trajectory of her angst; the choice of colours and the strokes, they were all a reflection of what was going through her mind. The reds were the embers within her that refused to die. The blues were the rare instances when she was spent by her grief. The blacks were her moments of absolute weakness, the colour of the bottomless pit within her that she had plunged into, falling through and through. The brush strokes moved around blank canvases like snakes with fangs of elixir that filled her scars with a deluge of hope and a gale of faith in herself. The colours spoke to her in whispers, narrating their own tale while she poured out hers to them. They allowed her to channel her life through them. They listened. They cared. They laughed. They cried. They reassured her that there was life waiting ahead, staring at her past, urging her forward with eager arms. And Preeti rushed into them with her brush in hand that rose along with her and fell along with her.
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|Emma Willard told the legislature that the education of women "has been too exclusively directed to fit them for displaying to advantage the charms of youth and beauty" The problem, she said, was that "the taste of men, whatever it might happen to be, has made into a standard for the formation of the female character." Reason and religion teach us, she said, that "we too are primary existences...not the satellites of men.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|If you see the light at the end of the tunnel, you’re lookingthrough binoculars the wrongway
Ehsan Sehgal|The day might come when I had nothing but memories, and the choice of whether to indulge my romantic side and wallow in them, or my cynical side and reflect on the reliability.
Adriana Trigiani, Don't Sing at the Table: Life Lessons from My Grandmothers|Whever I came into the room, she'd light up, so happy to see me. No one ever in the course of my entire life was ever as happy to see me as she was. Looking back, now, I realize that you only ever need one person who lights up that way when you enter a room. One person is all it takes to give a kid confidence.
King James Bible|The father of the righteous shall greatly rejoice, and he that begetteth a wise child shall have joy in him. Proverbs 23:24
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|To me the erotic is the relationship that organically manifests itself between people finding and exploring love. It is the universality of accepting the darkness that makes up human nature, the darkness I find so romantic within that dance, the inevitable opening up that lets in the light of sensuality between two human beings becoming one together without the confines of preconceived morality. In short, an exploration of all the facets of both the subconscious and conscious of light and dark. “Emotional connectedness.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|When you are touched by a calling, answer on the first ring. As time passes the volume decreases until it is silenced forever by our allotted time.
Jorge Luis Borges, Selected Non-Fictions|The winged beasts and angels know, that mortals cannot fly. But how I flew to see the sun; a broken bird am I.
Stéphane Mallarmé, Mallarmé in Prose|I should point out, creating one's own style, as much as is required to illustrate one of the aspects, the golden seam of language, involves beginning again at once, in a different manner, adopting the guise of a pupil when one risked becoming pedantic - thus by a shrugging of one's shoulders, disconcerting some with their genuflecting stance, and immortalizing oneself in multiple, impersonal, or even anonymous forms in response to the gesture of arms raised in stupefaction.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|If You Don't want to Reveal your Secrets,Just keep your Mouth Shut.
Bao Dai|We will persevere, come life or death.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|Sir, I admit your general rule, That every poet is a fool, But you yourself may serve to show it, That every fool is not a poet.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Oh, Hazel is awesome," Don Said. "She's so nice! All the other campers are like 'Go away Don.' But she's like 'Please go away, Don.' I love her!
Naomi Wolf|Possibilities for women have become so open-ended that they threaten to destabilize the institutions on which a male-dominated culture has depended, and a collective panic reaction on the part of both sexes has forced a demand for counter images.The Beauty Myth
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Darkness just loosens the mask. Sharpens the mind's eye. Makes the color of a remembered pencil, or a tick of waxy red on a cracked plaster wall, as vivid as that taillight a few feet away.
Sarah Waters, Affinity|They might be kind, I thought. They might be sensible and good. They will not be like you.  But I did not say it. I knew it would mean nothing to her. I said something - something ordinary and mild, I cannot think what. And after a time she came and kissed my cheek, and then she left me.
Ricky Maye|In all of your living, don't forget to live.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Moral obligations verses Legal obligations. Legally, you must abide by the laws of the land or face the consequences of being fined, imprisoned or both. Moral obligations tend to lean more towards a spiritual nature of a person. Some people perform immoral acts because legally there are no consequences. Morals birth in the heart of the individual. Moral characteristics are developed at an early age and continue into adulthood. It's a disgrace to neglect having good moral character.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|What the hell? Die in a fire, youth. Die in a fire.
James A. Baldwin|I want to change history, do something important in my life, and influence individuals like we have with millions of small businesses on Alibaba. Then they love and respect you because you made their life important.
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|I wanted to play with death, like a child with a new toy, I wanted to push all the buttons and see what would happen.
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|Communication through revelation is part of what makes Christianity unique. It takes you from a vague idea of “there is some kind of something up there,” to a personal God who communicates with us, revealing what he is like and how to have a relationship with him. Anything that could get in the way of that revelation would be disastrous to us either knowing about God or knowing him personally.
Edward Hirsch|As long as there's been poetry, there have been lamentations.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Inner-calm will lead you on a beautiful journey back to your original self; the perfect, beautiful you.
Kenneth Branagh|Since the very beginning, Emeril's had a sense of humor about me calling him names and poking fun at him.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|Anyone can make a baby, but it takes a man to be a father.
Unknown|There are only three rules in life. Traffic is real, Fire Burns and You Cannot Fly
Pandora Poikilos, Excuse Me, My Brains Have Stepped Out|Any fool can write, we start learning it at school at the age of three....
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|There was nothing particularly special about her, except that she was good with numbers, and very good at lying, and she made her home in between the pages of books.
Jerry Falwell|I have no respect for the passion of equality, which seems to me merely idealizing envy - I don't disparage envy, but I don't accept it as legitimately my master.
M. Basilea Schlink|Is it not shameful to accept God's blessings as though they were our due without thinking of the heart of the Giver, who planned them all in love for us, and giving Him the response of love and gratitude?
Simone Elkeles|Cartoons are the best stuff on TV. 'Wonder Showzen,' 'Aqua Teen,' 'SpongeBob,' and, of course, 'South Park' - one of the funniest shows ever made.
N'Zuri Za Austin|I write amongst the stars, and the canvased paper moon. I paint the fields of green, sprinkling morning dew. I teach the birds to sing, a tweet, a tweet, times two. And when my busy day is done, I dream sweet dreams of you.
Laurann Dohner, Justice|We are always in a constant state of conspiracies, at least thats what they keep telling us...
Robb Johnson|Information, contemplated over time, is knowledge. 
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|I can't remember what I really felt. Maybe nothing happened, maybe these emotions I remember are not the right emotions.
Jane Devin, Elephant Girl: A Human Story|Positivity can be a negative," I tell her, "if it's used to diminish events that should be cause for concern. Saying 'bad things happen to good people' or "God doesn't give anyone more than they can handle', for instance, isn't necessarily helpful to the person to whom something bad happened--it is much more beneficial to those who wish to be dismissive- who don't really care to think about the why or how or who. And if we cease to see the real human part in events--if instead, we relegate human experiences to some sort of mystical concept like karma, destiny or everything happens for a reason, and consider more realistic views to be negative--then we diminish compassion and empathy, as well as the possibility of positive change.
Thomas R. Insel|With a hundred and seventy-eight machines to sequence the precise order of the billions of chemicals within a molecule of DNA, B.G.I. produces at least a quarter of the world's genomic data - more than Harvard University, the National Institutes of Health, or any other scientific institution.
Walt Disney Company|Somehow I can't believe that there are any heights that can't be scaled by a man who knows the secrets of making dreams come true. This special secret, it seems to me, can be summarized in four Cs. They are curiosity, confidence, courage, and constancy, and the greatest of all is confidence. When you believe in a thing, believe in it all the way, implicitly and unquestionable.
A Haunting|Every time he studied this instrument, with its slender, gleaming steel rod that tapered down to such needle-like sharpness, he wondered why it was necessary to have things like this in the world. If it were truly only for chopping ice, you'd think a completely different design might do. The people who produce and sell things like this don't understand, he thought. They don't realize that some of us break out in a cold sweat at just a glimpse of that shiny, pointed tip.
courtland kusmierz|The Hands create, what the Heart feels!
Donna Leon, By Its Cover|Neleus...The son of Poseidon!A birth that came from the mate of a god and a mortal woman.Not plain at all!So it was, when the gods love, mate as humans with humans!From such a union two children were born, both boys.Their mother placed them in a small boat, and dropped it into the sea.The sea loved and saved them, children of Neptune were anyway!The river itself is connected with the sea, fresh water with salt, the land and the sea..."The sea herself guided us like legendary heroes into this new place ..".It couldn't be differently.Children of the Gods aren't we, our race? Have similar origin and similar history! Could not abandoned us, prey and exposed, like the two babies?
Ryū Murakami, 69|If everyone could feel as I felt at that moment, dressed in my preppy sweater and McGregor coat and about to set out on a little journey with my Bambi-eyed girlfriend on Christmas Eve, all conflicts in the world would vanish. Mellow smiles would rule the earth.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|Who knows? Maybe they’re right. Maybe we are driven crazy by our feelings. Maybe love is a disease, and we would be better off without it. But we have chosen a different road. And in the end that is the point of escaping the cure: We are free to choose.We are even free to choose the wrong thing.
Debasish Mridha|For women, men creates war, even though women are the symbols of love, peace, and harmony.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|In the break-up of a marriage the world inclines to take the side of the partner with most vitality, rather than the one apparently least to blame.
Sakura Tsukuba, Land of the Blindfolded, Vol. 3|Spending time with the ones who are dear to you is like being in a dream, is it not?
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|Life is one sick joke after another, I'm discovering. Because it hardly seems fair that it should hurt so much to finally get exactly what I've been wishing for.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Such is the strength of the burden of habit. Here I have the power to be but do not wish it. There I wish to be but lacks the power. On both grounds, I'm in misery.
Susan C. Young|It is impressive to see how people work hard to transform their lives, their bodies, and their relationships to become the best version of themselves. Release the layers that weigh you down and hold you back. Release the past and re-emerge to begin your next chapter.
Tonya Sheridan|The evening I went for a walk. To walk for the sake of walking is something I seldom do.Inside my apartment I'd felt inexplicably anxious. I needed to talk to someone, to be reassured. Or perhaps I needed to confess my sin: I was once again having impure thoughts about saving the world. Or it was neither of these--I was afraid I was dreaming. Indeed, considering the events of the day, it was likely that I was dreaming. I sometimes fly in my dreams, and each time I say to myself, "At last--it's happening in reality and not in a dream!"In any case, I needed to talk to someone, and I was alone. This is my habitual condition, by choice--or so I tell myself. Mere acquaintanceship leaves me unsatisfied, and few people are willing to accept the burdens and risks of friendship as I conceive of it.
Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness|When we allow negative messages to fester in our head, they take on a life of their own.
John Hughes|In the early 1940s, as a young teenager, I was utterly appalled by the racist and jingoist hysteria of the anti-Japanese propaganda. The Germans were evil, but treated with some respect: They were, after all, blond Aryan types, just like our imaginary self-image. Japanese were mere vermin, to be crushed like ants.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|My perfect morning is spent drinking coffee, eating porridge and reading the paper at a local cafe.
Ann Aguirre, Aftermath|We stand a professional distance apart, as if I can’t feel his pain screaming in my head. Mine amplifies his; they share a joint sound—that of glass breaking—until they swell to a crescendo that deafens.
Susan Spencer Wendell|Accept the life that comes. Work and strive, but accept. Don't force the world to be the one you dream.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Money is a cheap but powerful substitute for Jesus, and wielding money is intoxicating, but it won't usher in the kingdom of God, nor will it ensure eternal treasures.
Abu Bakr|If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
Woody Allen|Having sex is like bridge. If you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
Alex Guarnaschelli|I have a very large shoebox overflowing with lyrics I've been writing and collecting since my teen years and into my late 20s, with lyrics from all walks of my life. Darkness, being in love, being heartbroken, finding yourself... and lyrics that I've been sitting on for, like, seven years, that I haven't done anything with.
Rudyard Kipling, The Collected Works|If history were taught in the form of stories, it would never be forgotten.
J.R. Ward, Lover Avenged|Gail loved to talk about how stressed she was. She would do this thing where we'd be walking in the hallway, and suddenly she'd stop in her tracks, rub both of her temples with her index and middle fingers, and theatrically let out a deep guttural moan: "Mooooog.""Mooog. Minz. I am just so stressed out," she'd say. "I just want to go home, open a bottle of red wine, draw up a hot bath, light some candles and listen to David Gray." A note about me: I do not think stress is a legitimate topic of conversation, in public anyway. No one ever wants to hear how stressed out anyone else is, because most of the time everyone is stressed out. Going on and on in detail about how stressed out I am isn't conversation. It'll never lead anywhere. No one is going to say, "Wow, Mindy, you really have it especially bad. I have heard some stories of stress, but this just takes the cake.
Natsuki Kizu, リンクス [Links]|I found it impossible with his mouth so close to me, his lips being so fantastic and my eyes dropped to them again.They were fine.I licked my lips.“Ava.”My eyes drifted back to his and I was in a Luke Lip Fog. “Yeah?”“You lick your lips while looking at my mouth one more time, you’ll find that pretty pink tongue of yours in my mouth.
Malak El Halabi|Like a tenacious ivy, your presence clings onto the drab wall of my existence. Cling harder onto me love, like a blood sucking bed-bug who is never satiated.
Qandeel khokher|Some people come into your life as blessings, and others come in your life as lessons. You are both to me.
Joel Fuhrman, Disease-Proof Your Child: Feeding Kids Right|Health is normal. The human body is a self-repairing, self-defending, self-healing marvel. Disease is relatively difficult to induce, considering the body's powerful immune system. However, this complicated and delicate machinery can be damaged if fed the wrong fuel during the formative years. ... Healthy living with nutritional excellence throughout life can slow the decline of aging. It can prevent the years and years of suffering in ill health that is so common today as people get older and become dependent on medical treatments, drugs, and surgery. Nutritional excellence is the only real fountain of youth.
Chuck Palahniuk, Zombie|It sounds trite, but only because words make everything true sound trite. Because words always screw up what you're trying to say.
Santosh Kalwar|A child fish asks mother fish, 'Mother, why cannot we live on the Earth?' Mother fish replied, 'Dear… it is not the place for fish, it is the place for selfish
James Mattis|Even the most meticulous historians work subjectively. The historian's point of view, his or her selection of subject and sources, the emphasis, the tone - all of these lead to subjective history, inevitably so. I do not say this as a criticism, merely as an observation.
Jack London|It’s the enemy of your enemy who is your friend Sophie, not the friend of your friend.
Mark McCormack|The trouble with movies as a business is that it's an art, and the trouble with movies as art is that it's a business.
John Donne|That young man with the long, auburn hair and the impudent face - that young man was not really a poet; but surely he was a poem.
Tim W. Burke, The Flesh Sutra|And if the earth Gods wreak vengeance on the sinless and the sinful alike, then this further destruction cannot be punishment for sins, but is in the way of all nature.
Jay Woodman|Inspiration is the source by which you draw energy and motivation in order to achieve a goal. Whether it is a person, thing or situation, it can help you get going in whatever it is that you are doing.
Stephen Lang|We watch a romantic comedy because we want to cry, say, or an action movie so we can participate in heroics. Horror's different. It can hit you with a moment of revulsion so hard you might want to erase the last five minutes of your life, please.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|I used to live my life at night in the shadow of my dark past, I lived in shadows for so long until the dark became my world, but then you came and flipped on a light, at first I was blinded, It was so bright, but over time my eyes adjusted and I could see and now whats in focus is our future, bright, brighter than it's ever been
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|And believe me, a good piece of chicken can make anybody believe in the existence of God.
James Arthur|The best way to prevent the homegrown-inspired attacks is literally positive engagement with Muslim communities. Making sure that any immigrant population that comes into America assimilates, becomes part of our culture. That has been our history; it has made us strong.
Tamora Pierce, Wild Magic|All that I am or ever hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Criss Jami|If your doctrine changed for the better yet your character changed for the worse, you changed for the worse.
Bella Forrest, A Shade of Vampire|I realized that the whole time I was holding this beautiful stranger in my arms, feeding on her, it felt like I was betraying Sofia.
Christian Bale|It's a very romantic sentiment, but to think that you would die if you didn't write, well, I would definitely choose to not write and live.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|For the future, I shall rely only upon those elements of my character which I have tested. Who would ever have said that I should find pleasure in shedding tears? That I should love the man who proves to me that I am nothing more than a fool?
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|There is no basis for democracy except in a dogma about the divine origin of man. That is a perfectly simple fact which the modern world will find out more and more to be a fact. Every other basis is a sort of sentimental confusion, full of merely verbal echoes of the older creeds. Those verbal associations are always vain for the vital purpose of constraining the tyrant.
Virginia Woolf|I prefer, where truth is important, to write fiction.
Kevin  Harris, The Forever Home: How to work with an architect to design the home of your dreams|Every time I converse with you, I feel closer to home
Annette Funicello|Yes, Mother. I can see you are flawed. You have not hidden it. That is your greatest gift to me.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I am your Prince and you will marry me," Humperdinck said.Buttercup whispered, "I am your servant and I refuse.""I am you Prince and you cannot refuse.""I am your loyal servant and I just did.""Refusal means death.""Kill me then.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|In the heartfelt mercy of our God, the dawn from on high will visit us, to shine on those sitting in darkness, in the shadow of death, to guide our feet to the way of peace.
T. S. Joyce|ANSON: I want to give you the world, but a man like me doesn’t have the world to give. [He ... leveled her with a gold-eyed look that ripped at her heart.] I can give you me.
Joss Whedon|When I was a kid, maybe 11, I remember saying, 'When I grow up I wanna have enough money to buy a really cool car, because I won't.'
Michael Lee West, American Pie|I know you believe you understand what you think I said, but I'm not sure you realise that what you heard is not what I meant.
Eleni Zoe, Hope Dies Last: Lessons in Love|I wanted intimacy in caps lock but I got it in parentheses. We curled into each other, upside down, my empty spaces filled by another. "Give me the three minute version of your life story," he said. I nailed it it one then refused to throw the question back as etiquette governs. He wanted to know where I'd been. I wanted to know who he was.
Frederick Soddy|The ruling passion of the age is to convert wealth into debt in order toderive a permanent future income from it - to convert wealth that perishesinto debt that endures, debt that does not rot, costs nothing to maintain,and brings in perennial interest.
Walter J. Ciszek|... every moment of our life has a purpose, that every action of ours, no matter how dull or routine or trivial it may seem in itself, has a dignity and a worth beyond human understanding... For it means that no moment can be wasted, no opportunity missed, since each has a purpose in man’s life, each has a purpose in God’s plan. Think of your day, today or yesterday. Think of the work you did, the people you met, moment by moment. What did it mean to you- and might it have meant for God? Is the question too simple to answer, or are we just afraid to ask it for fear of the answer we must give?
Dejan Stojanovic|Since there is no real silence, Silence will contain all the sounds, All the words, all the languages, All knowledge, all memory.
D.B. Harrop|Have a big enough heart to love unconditionally, and a broad enough mind to embrace the differences that make each of us unique.
Michael Nesmith|The development of the telescope, together with increased knowledge of things, brought men to see that the earth is not what man had once thought it to be.
Mao Zedong|So that the record of history is absolutely crystal clear. That there is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system.
Richard G. Scott|Worthy character is best forged from a life of consistent, correct choices centered in the teachings of the Master. 
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|You were the one who threatened us with an Inquisitor," the Bishop reminded him. With a smile.The Speaker's smile was just as chilly. "And you're the one who told the people I was Satan and they shouldn't talk to me.
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|Well, what you ding this kind of work for--against your own people?""Three dollars a day. I got damn sick of creeping for my dinner--and not getting it. I got a wife and kids. We got to eat. Three dollars a day and it comes every day.""But for your three dollars a day fifteen or twenty families can't eat at all. Nearly a hundred people have to go and wander on the roads for your three dollars a day. Is that right?""Can't think of that. Got to think of my own kids."***"Nearly a hundred people on the road for your three dollars. Where will we go?""And that reminds me, you better get out soon. I'm going through the dooryard after dinner...I got orders wherever there's a family not moved out--if I have an accident--you know, get too close and cave in the house a little--well, I might get a couple of dollars. And my youngest kid never had no shoes yet.""I built this with my hands...It's mine. I built it. You bump it down--I'll be in the window with a rifle...""It's not me. There's nothing I can do. I'll lose my job if I don't do it. And look--suppose you kill me? They'll just hang you, but not long before you're hung there'll be another guy on the tractor, and he'll bump the house down. You're not killing the right guy."***Across the dooryard the tractor cut, and the hard, foot-beaten ground was seeded field, and the tractor cut through again; the uncut space was ten feet wide. And back he came. The iron guard bit into the house-corner, crumbled the wall and wrenched the house from its foundation so that it fell sideways,crushed like a bug...The tenant man stared after [the tractor], his rifle in his hand. His wife beside him, and the quiet children behind. And all of them stared after the tractor.
Kristen Ashley, Heaven and Hell|Wherever you are, however you got there, if it's good, you're meant to be there either because you earned it or life led you there and you were smart enough to hold on.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The real strength of a man is not in the size of his muscles, but in the size of his heart.
Sunday Adelaja|The devil will try and do everything possible to stop, distract us from our purpose
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Becoming like Christ means aiming to serve, not be served.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|It was the laughter of birthdays, of money found in an old pocket.
Jerry Orbach|My favorite types of movies to watch as a viewer are thrillers - I really have a soft spot for them, I love them. Especially psychological thrillers.
Ming Cher, Spider Boys|Coincidence sometimes happens as in a fairy tale. Wong was in an emotional state of mind. Still smoking opium, he thought about Kwang’s long-dead father, who had arrived in Singapore from Amoy on the junk Nam Hong. The opium den now felt bare and lonely without all the old vibrations. It was also dark and damp and the small kerosene lamp was running low on fuel. Wong added more kerosene and mumbled to himself, “Tonight I am going to smoke my way to heaven!
Dalai Lama|When I wake up every morning, I thank God for the new day.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Heroes show us courage, honor, integrity and strength. Now more than ever, we need heroes.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|if there are many choices of 3.4 billion women/men in this world (2010 statistic: 65% from overall population or 2,2 billion are 15-64 years old women/men) , why should be narrowed with only view to the same beliefs ?
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|A group of us were downtown on Bay Street. It was some twelve to fifteen of us with nothing to do. We had just been in a fight with some Kemp Road fellas. It really wasn’t anything to talk about, because we quickly ran them off Bay Street. Feeling pumped up about what we had just done and looking for more action, we started running in the middle of Bay Street, screaming and shouting ‘Rebellions!” and ‘Raiders for life!”, making a real nuisance of ourselves. About nine of us were arrested by the police and charged with public terror and disorderly behavior. So in fact, we were given our gang name by the police, and Milton Street became known as the Public Terrorist Rebellions. Galen ‘Ninja’ Nordelus former leader of the Public Terrorist Rebellions through Milton Street.
Osunsakin Adewale, The Hour of Temptation|God is unchangeable changer, unadjustable adjuster, unmoveable mover, unpredictable predictor, unstoppable stopper, uninvisible visible, and wonderful wonder
Akiroq Brost|If you want something, then you also want everything that comes with it. If you don’t want what comes with it; then guess what?! You really didn’t want it in the first place!
Scott Caan|On the tennis court, one needs a cool temperament, tremendous ball sense, reflexes, speed, hand-eye co-ordination, power, timing and peak physical fitness. Off the court, the player and support team need skills in planning, execution, travel, an ability to raise funds when needed, and several other talents.
Laurence Overmire|The way to peace, harmony and balance for the planet is through the loving kindness of each individual heart.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|I'm ordered to a week of bed rest and I don't object because I feel so lousy. Not just my heel and my tailbone. My whole body aches with exhaustion. So I let my mother doctor me and feed me breakfast in bed and tuck another quilt around me. Then I just lie there, staring out my window at the winter sky, pondering how on earth this will all turn out.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter By Design|It is too facile to say that the way to follow Tao is to simply go along with the flow of life. Sometimes, like the carp, we must know when to go it alone.
Emily Dickinson|He who advances without seeking fame,Who retreats without escaping blame,He whose one aim is to protect his people and serve his lord,The man is a jewel of the Realm
Elaine Seat, Playbook for Your Extraordinary Life: A Practical Guide to a Remarkable Life|Positive relationships are those that leave you feeling energized after contact with a person. Even if the topic is unpleasant, the interaction itself leaves you with more energy.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|When you are starting out practicing your own intuition, it is often easiest to ask for guidance about subjects you care little about, such as whether to buy apples or oranges at the grocery, whether to take the city streets or the highway, what color clothes to wear that day and any other of the simple little decisions you have to make all day long.
Manny Rayner|I preferred to think of myself as a cat. If I think of my behavior as cat behavior instead of people behavior, it pretty much always makes sense.
Karen Healey, Guardian of the Dead|It's the shape of the stories that matters, the way belief forms around it. The story has real weight', He pointed at himself. 'Patupaiarehe look like monsters in some stories, but they're beautiful in a lot. I guess people believed more in the beautiful version. And the ideal of beauty changes. If I'd been born two hundred years ago, I bet I wouldn't look like this. The stories shaped me. They shape everyone, inside and out, but me more than most, because I'm magic.
Israelmore Ayivor|When your drive is moving your purpose, focus must hold the wheels else your might miss the way. And do you know what that means? Avoid Crash!!!. Stay focused!
Alin Sav|If the stage doesn´t change you, you can change people without being on a stage.
Matthew D. Heines|Wisdom of the Ages "News People" Always joking around and happy. I guess that proves that ignorance really is bliss.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|I shiver, thinking how easy it is to be totally wrong about people-to see one tiny part of them and confuse it for the whole, to see the cause and think it's the effect or vice versa
Nikolai Leskov, Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk|I became bored - that was all. Boredom, which is another name and a frequent disguise for vitality, became the unconscious motive of all my acts.
Eugene Cernan|Some say that sudden knowledge of mystical matters is accomplished only in complete quietude, or that Creator, in one of God's many forms, appears only in orderly ways that are beauteous and picturesque, or that the mystical appears only in completely silent ways. All are true. Except for the 'only' part.
Maya Angelou, Poems|If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform a million realities.
Belinda McBride, Belle Starr|I was torn. The evil, horny side of me wanted to know more. The good side wanted to feel sympathy and pretend he'd never heard it. I think 'evil horny' is gonna win. - Tyler Campbell (main character)
Suzanne M. Sabol, Emerald Fire|Milagra led Riona further into the room and away from me, directing the Queen’s attention elsewhere. I let her. Slicing the fae queen open probably wasn’t in our best interests at the moment. I could be diplomatic too.
C. JoyBell C.|Where are you?" he asked. "I'm right here" she said. "I know, but it feels like one percent of you is somewhere else, where is that one percent?" he said. "I don't know....I think I'm always like that..." she answered. "I like that." "You do?" "Yes, because that way, I have to always look for the one percent to find it.
Dada Bhagwan|Those vibrations that we created have indeed fall upon us. Only those acts that were done in the ignorant (Self unawareness) state, that has given us reactions.
Adrian McKinty, The Cold Cold Ground|I loved him, more than anything else in the world and that when he was away it was hard to breath and that I couldn't go through a single second without thinking about him.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|Our feelings are formations, impermanent and without substance. We learn not to identify with ourselves with our feelings, not to consider them as a self, not to seek refuge in them, not to die because of them.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Fear doesn't shut you down; it wakes you up. I've seen it. It's fascinating." He releases me but doesn't pull away, his hand grazing my jaw, my neck. "Sometimes I just...want to see it again. Want to see you awake.
Shawn T. Smith, The Woman's Guide to How Men Think: Love, Commitment, and the Male Mind|An ancient sage held that in different ages, humans held the senses in different ratios, according to the media by which they communicated and expressed themselves. Hence before writing, the ear was the royal sense. After writing, the eye.
T. S. Elliot|For me, there is a strange beauty in remembering.
Karl Liebknecht|The devil had as good have let Paul alone, for he no sooner comes into prison but he falls a preaching, at which the gates of Satan's prison fly open, and poor sinners come forth.
Unarine Ramaru|Taking time to look back, is a foundation on course to build a stable future.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|You never depart from us, but yet, only with difficulties do we return to You.
Giacomo Leopardi|Death is not an evil, because it frees us from all evils, and while it takes away good things, it takes away also the desire for them. Old age is the supreme evil, because it deprives us of all pleasures, leaving us only the appetite for them, and it brings with it all sufferings. Nevertheless, we fear death, and we desire old age.
Willow Cross, Birthright|You're wondering if you have to prey on humans, if you can survive by drinking the blood of animals or other creatures. You're hoping you won't have to kill people to live. Am I right?
David Beckham|If you have time to get your pet rabbit its own Instagram account, you have time to at least tweet about something important.
Rao Umar Javed, A Painter, A Performer, A Poet and A Madman|She was my friend. Briefly, she was my lover. She was braver than I ever would have been in the moment of death. And I bet she was a hell of a shooting star.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Both men and women remain in dysfunctional, loveless relationships when it is materially opportune.
Chris Kyle|Marriage is a school itself. Also, having children. Becoming a father changed my whole life. It taught me as if by revelation.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|As his boots walked towards the old station, he felt as though he were hallucinating. Scary apprehension increased the beat of his heart and the sweat upon his forehead was cold. The reality of where he stood created a sinking feeling inside of him.  An old man everyone called Uncle Tucker once owned this place. His sole existence behind the counter all of the time, day and night. He could have been a creature out of a fairy tale, with his long white beard and equally long white hair. Merlin. The overalls and the ball cap perched upon his head, along with the half-smoked cigar with an endless burning orb positioned in his mouth. It made him a fixture in time. He wondered if Tucker would still be alive. Tucker with his endless stories of the 1960s, the Vietnam War, and flower children. A man that never left a country thousands of miles away where bicycles filled the capital. A man who never left those fields where killing occurred.
Clarence Darrow|It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|I disregard the proportions, the measures, the tempo of the ordinary world. I refuse to live in the ordinary world as ordinary women. To enter ordinary relationships. I want ecstasy. I am a neurotic — in the sense that I live in my world. I will not adjust myself to the world. I am adjusted to myself.
Dada Bhagwan|No matter what the other person says, then take the bottom line out of it, everything in this world is ‘vyavasthit’ [result of scientific circumstantial evidences]. So don’t tell anyone, ‘you did wrong’. Not only should you not say this, you should not even think it.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Lord of the Rings: Apocalyptic Prophecies|There are many forms of tyrants, but there are none so terrible as those stifling their own people in the name of freedom.
Jonas Karlsson, The Room|I have often thought that Walter Mitty had it in him to be more than a hen-pecked loser. Instead of living it up as a flamboyant daredevil in his dreams, he could have chosen to be a responsible man in real life, goingabout his work with dignity, and people may just have treated him with respect. Did his failures in life lead him to seek solace in daydreams or did his wandering mind stand in the way of his potential success? One must have triggered the other, and then it would have been both working together. An empty life drives you to fantasies of fulfilment, which then form a deadly, vicious circle which can turn you into a cartoon, as it did poor Mitty. Or lead you to ruin like Madame Bovary.
Michael R. Fletcher, Beyond Redemption|That rational voice was right to be frightened. There's something in us that is very much attracted to madness. Everyone who looks off the edge of a tall building has felt a faint, morbid urge to jump.
Daniel Younger, Delirious|No, I went to the bar to ask for a mojito and that guy Johnny said he didn’t make mojitos. Then he offered to make me a mint julep, in one of those silver cups and everything.” 	“Did you know say the true cause of the Civil War was some Northerner adding nutmeg to a mint julep?” Lucy asked.
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|The genre of self-help for depression is littered with well-intentioned books that overpraise solutions and raise false hopes. It would be nice to defeat your depression in ten easy steps, but rarely is it so easy. Books that overpraise solutions produce frustrated, disappointed and demoralized readers and damage the credibility of experts.
Leon Kukkuk, Letters to Gabriella: Angola's Last War for Peace, What the UN Did and Why|Most things that are true are simple. To lose weight, eat less than you burn. To reduce stress, find a job you love. To resolve conflict, be patient and peaceful. These are very, very simple in that they are complete concepts that take no more than a sentence to say. They are not, however, easy, because they must be applied consistently.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|If positivity is not your mindset, then reset
Larry Fitzgerald|Any great warrior is also a scholar, and a poet, and an artist.
Suzanne McKenna Link, Saving Toby|Open yer mind to the world, kids. No point havin' yer windows open if yer don't pull back the curtains to let in the light!" - Grandpa's favourite saying to Kirsten and Jeremy. Quoted in The Hybrid and the Emeralds of Elisar
Helen Ellis, Eating The Cheshire Cat|A pink razor is like a mouse, where ever it is the pussy will follow.
Lewis Howes|If we want girls to receive positive reinforcement for early acts of leadership, let's discourage bossy behavior along with banning bossy labels. That means teaching girls to engage in behaviors that earn admiration before they assert their authority.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|Ask yourself exactly what you want in your life—now and in the future. If you were given the opportunity to do or have anything, what would it be, and why?
Shannon L. Alder|The majority of people spoil their lives by an unhealthy and exaggerated altruism – are forced, indeed, so to spoil them. They find themselves surrounded by hideous poverty, by hideous ugliness, by hideous starvation. It is inevitable that they should be strongly moved by all this. The emotions of man are stirred more quickly than man’s intelligence; and, as I pointed out some time ago in an article on the function of criticism, it is much more easy to have sympathy with suffering than it is to have sympathy with thought. Accordingly, with admirable, though misdirected intentions, they very seriously and very sentimentally set themselves to the task of remedying the evils that they see. But their remedies do not cure the disease: they merely prolong it. Indeed, their remedies are part of the disease.They try to solve the problem of poverty, for instance, by keeping the poor alive; or, in the case of a very advanced school, by amusing the poor.But this is not a solution: it is an aggravation of the difficulty. The proper aim is to try and reconstruct society on such a basis that poverty will be impossible. And the altruistic virtues have really prevented the carrying out of this aim. Just as the worst slave-owners were those who were kind to their slaves, and so prevented the horror of the system being realised by those who suffered from it, and understood by those who contemplated it, so, in the present state of things in England, the people who do most harm are the people who try to do most good; and at last we have had the spectacle of men who have really studied the problem and know the life – educated men who live in the East End – coming forward and imploring the community to restrain its altruistic impulses of charity, benevolence, and the like. They do so on the ground that such charity degrades and demoralises. They are perfectly right. Charity creates a multitude of sins.
Susan Cartwright|Something wrong with your child? Feed them and put them to bed. Something wrong with your man? Feed him and take him to bed. Lady Jeeha "Wolf Dawn
Jay Woodman|GRACE is a word we can keep in our minds when we walk, dance, swim, talk, sing, do anything at all - to enable us to get in 'the zone' where everything flows more easily - where everything feels lighter, and we are in a peak state. Grace allows us to follow our inner guidance - be true to who we are - and give our gifts lightly to the world. It's one of those magic words!
Amit Aarav|Thinking back to my time with Tad on this lake, I remember it like a painting, a snapshot in my mind. But really, all memories are like paintings: They can be incredibly vivid and lifelike. But in the end, they both just remind us that we only get to live any particular moment once, even if we remember it forever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In everyday life, we ought to extend kindness towards one another.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|Build your house on granite. By granite I mean your nature that you are torturing to death, the love in your child's body, your wife's dream of love, your own dream of life when you were sixteen. Exchange your illusions for a bit of truth. Throw out your politicians and diplomats! Take your destiny into your own hands and build your life on rock. Forget about your neighbor and look inside yourself! Your neighbor, too, will be grateful. Tell you're fellow workers all over the world that you're no longer willing to work for death but only for life. 	Instead of flocking to executions and shouting hurrah, hurrah, make a law for the protection of human life and its blessings. Such a law will be part of the granite foundation your house rests on. Protect your small children's love against the assaults of lascivious, frustrated men and women. Stop the mouth of the malignant old maid; expose her publicly or send her to a reform school instead of young people who are longing for love. Don;t try to outdo your exploiter in exploitation if you have a chance to become a boss. Throw away your swallowtails and top hat, and stop applying for a license to embrace your woman. Join forces with your kind in all countries; they are like you, for better or worse. Let your child grow up as nature (or 'God') intended. Don't try to improve on nature. Learn to understand it and protect it. Go to the library instead of the prize fight, go to foreign countries rather than to Coney Island. And first and foremost, think straight, trust the quiet inner voice inside you that tells you what to do. You hold your life in your hands, don't entrust it to anyone else, least of all to your chosen leaders. BE YOURSELF! Any number of great men have told you that.
Sarah Grimm, Wrecked|Life is beautiful – but no one comes out of it alive. So live each day as if it’s your last. Walk in the sunshine. Dance beneath the stars. Laugh hard and long and never, ever forget how very special you are.
Jonathan Haidt|Loyalty, respect for authority and some degree of sanctification create a more binding social order that places some limits on individualism and egoism.
Nick Cannon|I don't believe in an afterlife. I don't believe in a single or multiple godhead. I respect people who do, but I don't believe it myself.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, every failure makes you stronger and wiser.
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|To love and be loved is so precious. And, when you lose the person you love, it tears a deep hole in your heart. If the gap and void within your heart is deep, so was the love
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Discourses|Men are driven by two principal impulses, either by love or by fear.
Oscar Bimpong|There are plenty of theories to listen to and follow but truth yearns to be discovered. When you find it, there is no doubt where to go.
Zach Galifianakis|I have a trophy case that contains all the action figures ever made of me. It also has items I've stolen from my movies, like three guns and holsters from 'Serenity'.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|Mel exhaled. "Why are you forcing me into the voice-of-reason role? You know that never works out for us.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|To access your subconscious, is to access your 'higher-self.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|When did you star here?” I ask her.“Three days ago. Sir. Aspirant. Um—” She wrings her hands.“Veturius is fine.”She walks carefully, gingerly—the Commandant must have whipped her recently. And yet she doesn't hunch or shuffle like the others slaves. The straight-backed grace with which she moves tells her story better than words. She'd been a freewoman before this—I'd bet my scims on it. And she has no idea how pretty she is—or what kind of problems her beauty will cause for her at a place like Blackcliff. The wind pulls at her hair again, and I catch her scent—like fruit and sugar. “Can I give you some advi
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Man is the head of the family, just as Christ is the Head of the Church.
Elora Bishop, Braided: A Lesbian Rapunzel|If I could, I would live forever in this moment. But no one can live in a moment, and time moves on.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|Those who succeed in an outstanding way seldom do so before the age of 40. More often, they do not strike their real pace until they are well beyond the age of 50.
Ranbir Kapoor|Every animal has his or her story, his or her thoughts, daydreams, and interests. All feel joy and love, pain and fear, as we now know beyond any shadow of a doubt. All deserve that the human animal afford them the respect of being cared for with great consideration for those interests or left in peace.
Pema Chödrön, Start Where You Are: A Guide to Compassionate Living|The present moment is the substance with which the future is made. Therefore, the best way to take care of the future is to take care of the present moment. What else can you do?
Marie Lu, Prodigy|So many die without our caring, decline to silence in rooms beyond hearing. We honor the dead and abhor the dying.- from the story "De Composition
Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits|Believe me, the loss of hope is far worse than the loss of limbs.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The poor young man must work for his bread; he eats; when he has eaten, he has nothing left but reverie. He enters God's theater free; he sees the sky, space, the stars, the flowers, the children, the humanity in which he suffers, the creation in which he shines. He looks at humanity so much that he sees the soul, he looks at creation so much that he sees God. He dreams, he feels that he is great; he dreams some more, and he feels that he is tender. From the egotism of the suffering man, he passes to the compassion of the contemplating man. A wonderful feeling springs up within him, forgetfulness of self, and pity for all. In thinking of the countless enjoyments nature offers, gives, and gives lavishly to open souls and refuses to closed souls, he, a millionaire of intelligence, comes to grieve for the millionaires of money. All hatred leaves his heart as all light enters his mind. And is he unhappy? No. The poverty of a young man is never miserable.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Three essential keys (FAITH, HOPE and LOVE) will open the Heavens door.
William E. Jefferson|Whatever characterization one may choose to place on Satan, "imbecile message maker" doesn't fit. This was no third-ranking demon out there in the wilderness throwing lines at Christ. This was the manic master who understood the power of words. He spun what he hoped would be a strike. He failed; Christ succeeded. They both used words.
Jonathan Levine|I've worked with some people that just spent hours and hours and hours in the mirror, and just so much importance is based on that. And I do find that sad.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon|Truth, justice and the American way. The American way is: truth and justice maybe say hello in the hallway, send each other a Christmas card, but that’s about the extent of their relationship.
Jean Baudrillard|Take your desires for reality!" can be understood as the ultimate slogan of power.
Richard Kadrey, Kill the Dead|They can talk shit about each other behind the others' backs, but when it comes down to it, money is the one true race and everyone down here is the color of greenbacks and as tall as mountains.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you pray with your knees bow, you surrender to God.
Brigitte Gabriel, Because They Hate|I think the biggest disservice to the American people was the denial by the networks to air video of the beheading of Daniel Pearl, Nick Berg, or the many other hostages that were beheaded in Iraq. We as a society need to see the type of enemy we are fighting. People have been so sheltered in this country that they have not paid attention to what has been going on for the last twenty-some years. And today, even after the attack of September 11, people still cannot fathom that this type of barbarity could happen here.
Phillip E. Johnson, Darwin on Trial|A second point that caught my attention was that the very persons who insist upon keeping religion and science separate are eager to use their science as a basis for pronouncements about religion. The literature of Darwinism is full of anti-theistic conclusions, such as that the universe was not designed and has no purpose, and that we humans are the product of blind natural processes that care nothing about us. What is more, these statements are not presented as personal opinions but as the logical implications of evolutionary sc
Henryk Sienkiewicz, Quo Vadis|The unknown characters of writing seem to be endowed with an evil of life of their own as though sentient, and fain would wrest themselves forth from the parchment and wreak mischief on whomsoever gazes upon them.
Hergé, The Shooting Star|It may be prodigious, but it's all Greek to me!
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|How can you introduce error into the Bible? Have a human open it. The moment he reads it, the Bible because weighted down with his biases and expectations.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The beauty of the ragamuffin gospel lies in the insight it offers into Jesus: the essential tenderness of His heart, His way of looking at the world, His mode of relating to you and me. 'If you really want to understand a man, don't just listen to what he says, but watch what he does.
Michael Meade|Inside each one of us there is a mostly hidden, mostly golden, mostly eternal image or aspect of being, similar to the gold that is buried in the earth. We are the earthlings, the children of the earth, and therefore we are a replica, in a sense, of the earth itself. One of the ideas that is important is: As above, so below. As outside, so within.
Brian Eno|My love of computers, besides being practical, is very direct and visceral. I love the way things look on the screen.
Erin Heatherton|We have to be bold in our national ambitions. First, we must win the fight against poverty within the next decade. Second, we must improve moral standards in government and society to provide a strong foundation for good governance. Third, we must change the character of our politics to promote fertile ground for reforms.
Patricia Christian Punches, Even When Life Doesn't Play Nice: One Child's Journey from Unfavorable Beginnings a Memoir|They that wait upon the LORD shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
Arsenie Boca|The touchstone of the Holy Spirit’s work in us is the answer to our Lord’s question: “Who do men say that the Son of Man is?” Our Lord makes human destiny depend on that one thing, Who men say He is, because the revelation of Who Jesus is is only given by the Holy Spirit.
Marianne Williamson, A Return to Love: Reflections on the Principles of "A Course in Miracles"|The process of miraculous change is twofold.  One:  I see my error or dysfunctional pattern.  Two: I ask God to take it from me.  The first principle without the second is impotent.  As they say in Alcoholics Anonymous, your best thinking got you here.  You're the problem but you're not the answer. The second principle isn't enough to change us either. The Holy Spirit can't take from us what we will not release to him.  He won't work without our consent.  He cannot remove our character defects without our willingness, because that would be violating our free will.  We chose those patterns, however mistakenly, and he will not force us to give them up.  In asking God to heal us, we're committing to the choice to be healed.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|When one's life has been shattered into a million pieces, most set out to pick up the pieces & rebuild. Others look at those broken pieces & decide this is their opportunity to start anew, the bigger picture comes into view. They see more, & want better so they leave those pieces scattered as a memorial to who they used to be!
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|We all do things we desperately wish we could undo. Those regrets just become part of who we are, along with everything else. To spend time trying to change that, well, it's like chasing clouds.
Immanuel Kant|Is it not lack of faith that leads men to fear the scrutiny of reason? If the destination is doubtful, than the path must be fraught with fear. A robust faith need not fear, for if God exists, then reason cannot help but lead us to Him. Cogito, ergo Deus est,'says St. Augustine, I think, therefore God is.
Aldous Huxley, The Devils of Loudun|Those who crusade not for God in themselves but against the devil in others, never succeed in leaving the world better, but leave it as it was or sometimes even perceptibly worse than it was before the crusade began.
Hazel Butler, Bleizgeist|Before long, the smokey spectre appeared, as I knew it would, the barest whisper of a shadow, inky and incandescent. It darted forwards, then back, closer, then ppfft, it was gone in an instant, only to return, darker and more substantial. As ever, it grew bolder, and bolder, until finally it dared to drift through the window and into my home.Every night I had lain here, the geist had come.
John Jakes|The flesh,' as Saint Paul used the term, refers, ironically, not to our bodies but to fallen human nature. The 'carnal' spirit is the one that devours things for itself and refuses to make them an oblation to God. The carnal spirit is cruel, egocentric, avaricious, gluttonous, and lecherous, and as such us fevered, restless, and divided. The spiritual man, on the other hand, is alone the man who both knows what flesh is for and can enter into its amplitude. The lecher, for example, supposes that he knows more about love than the virgin or the continent man. He knows nothing. Only the virgin and the faithful spouse knows what love is about. The glutton supposes that he knows the pleasures of food, but the true knowledge of food is unavailable to his dribbling and surfeited jowls. The difference between the carnal man and the spiritual man is not physical. They may look alike and weigh the same. The different lies, rather, between one's being divided, snatching and grabbing at things, even nonphysical things like fame and power, or being whole and receiving all things as Adam was meant to receive them, in order to offer them as an oblation to their Giver.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|He is the most beautiful creature I have ever seen and it's not about his face, but the life force I can see in him. It's the smile and the pure promise of everything he has to offer. Like he's saying, 'Here I am world, are you ready for so much passion and beauty and goodness and love and every other word that should be in the dictionary under the word life?' Except this boy is dead, and the unnaturalness of it makes me want to pull my hair out with Tate and Narnie and Fitz and Jude's grief all combined. It makes me want to yell at the God that I wish I didn't believe in. For hogging him all to himself. I want to say, 'You greedy God. Give him back. I needed him here.
Jenn Bennett, Kindling the Moon|It wasn’t the first time I’d run across sex spells: theywere just as common as electricity-kindled spells. They justaren’t convenient for your average on-the-go magicalneeds.“Do all the memory spells require that?” I asked.“I don’t think so. I just noticed it on the last couple ofretrieval ones.”“Uh, maybe I could just get myself, you know, privately…?” I suggested. I regretted it immediately, and felt my faceflush with warmth. What the hell was I going to do? Ask Lonif he had any porn I could borrow and hole up in his library’swashroom?
Jeremy Corbyn|Doesn't the world see the suffering of millions of Palestinians who have been living in exile around the world or in refugee camps for the past 60 years? No state, no home, no identity, no right to work. Doesn't the world see this injustice?
Dinesh Kumar|If there’s one thing you learn from me, after hearing about just under one year of my life can it be that you should do whatever makes you happy. People can bring you down, people can bully you, can cheat on you but if you are doing whatever makes you happy they’ll never break you. Like you saw Jacob cried but he went back fighting, no way was he going to drop out that course, it was what he wanted to do in his life and Noah was as happy as always when he told us about Stephen, because he knew although that hurt him he was about to go onto bigger and better things. Oh and never let people hold you back, ever. Mason wouldn’t be going to university this September if he had and he wouldn’t be doing what makes him happy (see full circle). And most of all, always have the courage to stand up and say I am what I am, never apologize for who you are or who you love and always take a chance because you never know what could happen and although some people call it cliché, it’s okay to fall in love with your best friend because sometimes having your best friend as your lover is the best thing you could ask for. I promise. It’s also perfectly acceptable to dress up as a women on a weekly basis and singing popular songs as long as it makes you happy doing so.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the unknown becomes known, we lose something very big: The beauty of mystery!
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|There are people who can make love standing on a hammock, but it is not the easiest way.
Adam Hamilton|I think you make the best with what you've got, you know? Sometimes you have very little. And you just always try to rise to higher ground, because you're going to suffer one way or the other, so you just hope that you have strength and perseverance and good friends and faith, some kind of faith, to endure and move on to greener pastures.
Stephen Richards|Successful people got to where they did because they did something, and all successful endeavors exist because of those who acted.
Max Lucado|I personally don't believe people really grow. They just learn stuff when they were a kid, and hold on to it, and that affects every relationship they have.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|Christmas is a day of meaning and traditions, a special day spent in the warm circle of family and friends.
James Patterson|Scared, Angel?
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|There is a restlessness unspoken unfelt before, restlessness to throw myself into something significant, I can only imagine and I wish I could feel the claim, the passion of being owned, desire of being wanted, urge to b lost controllably, it is being vulnerable and there is no denying to it, but go ahead with it anyway; till the time it makes you feel alive, taste passion, taste emotion and make love.
Steven Erikson, Memories of Ice|Lemme take your picture! You fucking bok gwai low got a face carved out of rotten potato cured in dogshit, runover with a towtruck driven by Hellen Keller in a puke fit on pills...
Christopher Paolini, Eragon, Eldest & Brisingr|Ah, pay no heed if your enemies laugh. They'll not be able to once you lop off their heads.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|No, I am never setting foot in this house again it scares me and makes me sad and I wish you could be a mom whose eyes worked but I don't think you can. 
Stephen Richards|It is easy to wish ill on others whom we feel deserve it, but remember that when you point a finger at another, three more are pointed back at you.
Carlos Fuentes, Terra Nostra|If your house ain't in order, you ain't in order. It is so much easier to be out there than right here.
Marcel Proust|She's got feet like boats, whiskers like an American, and her undies are filthy.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|The boy was lying, fast asleep, on a rude bed upon the floor; so pale with anxiety, and sadness, and the closeness of his prison, that he looked like death; not death as it shews in shroud and coffin, but in the guise it wears when life has just departed; when a young and gentle spirit has, but an instant, fled to Heaven: and the gross air of the world has not had time to breathe upon the changing dust it hallowed.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|G&A Security Ltd has reliably set the benchmark as one of the Best security defend provider corporation London united kingdom. If you require a security guard either temporary or long term, do not hesitate to get in touch to discuss how we can fulfill your requirements.Tel: 01325464340E-mail: info@ga-security.co.uk
Sunday Adelaja|To work for God effectively, you have to expand and stretch yourself
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|The Lotus in Buddhism is a sacred symbol that represents purity and resurrection as attributes that develop through a spiritual awakening of the self. With humble beginnings in swamplands, the Lotus flower exquisitely blooms, pure and untainted, from this murky world it thrives in. The Lotus flower represents a higher state of mind, a strong spirit cultivated far from the suffering and temptations of this muddied world that personifies beauty through the present moment.
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|When you are on the air, there is no land you need to call home.
Phoebe Cary|Here’s a hand to the boy who has courageTo do what he knows to be right;When he falls in the way of temptation,He has a hard battle to fight.Who strives against self and his comradeWill find a most powerful foe.All honor to him if he conquers.A cheer for the boy who says, “No!”There’s many a battle fought dailyThe world knows nothing about;There’s many a brave little soldierWhose strength puts a legion to rout.And he who fights sin singlehandedIs more of a hero, I say,Than he who leads soldiers to battleAnd conquers by arms in the fray.Be steadfast, my boy, when you’re tempted,To do what you know to be right.Stand firm by the colors of manhood,And you will o’ercome in the fight.“The right,” be your battle cry everIn waging the warfare of life,And God, who knows who are the heroes,Will give you the strength for the strife.
Joanna Barnard, Precocious|Five years of love , and they only fit in such a small box.
Rhouveyzz|We shall not fear the unknown. We live in the unknown... make the unknown known today as tomorrow is yet to come. Never fear it. Be grateful to see it".
Justin Cronin, The Passage|You got one choice at the beginning but if you didn't choose right, things got narrow real quick.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|When you give people a choice, they believe they have power.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Elfangor laughed in my mind. "Victory without sacrifice? You know better than that.""You don't have to give up your principles to win. Isn't there always an alternative to sacrifice if you just keep your mind clear, and step back, and see it, and...""You know better than that.
Susana Martinez|Religious belief, like history itself, is a story that is always unfolding, always subject to inquiry and ripe for questioning. For without doubt there is no faith.
Ronaldinho|Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time.
John Ralston Saul|To live is to find out for yourself what is true, and you can do this only when there is freedom, when there is continuous revolution inwardly, within yourself.
Debasish Mridha|I can’t control the waves of the ocean, but I can learn how to navigate my ship.
Jane Smiley, The Age of Grief|I am thirty-five years old, and it seems to me that I have arrived at the age of grief. Others arrive there sooner. Almost no one arrives much later. I don’t think it is years themselves, or the disintegration of the body. Most of our bodies are better taken care of and better-looking than ever. What it is, is what we know, now that in spite of ourselves we have stopped to think about it. It is not only that we know that love ends, children are stolen, parents die feeling that their lives have been meaningless. It is not only that, by this time, a lot of acquaintances and friends have died and all the others are getting ready to sooner or later. It is more that the barriers between the circumstances of oneself and of the rest of the world have broken down, after all—after all that schooling, all that care. Lord, if it be thy will, let this cup pass from me. But when you are thirty-three, or thirty-five, the cup must come around, cannot pass from you, and it is the same cup of pain that every mortal drinks from. Dana cried over Mrs. Hilton. My eyes filled during the nightly news. Obviously we were grieving for ourselves, but we were also thinking that if they were feeling what we were feeling, how could they stand it? We were grieving for them, too. I understand that later you come to an age of hope, or at least resignation. I suspect it takes a long time to get there.
Hannah Arendt|I take all of my life lessons, which some people might call 'mistakes,' and apply them to my future so that I keep growing.
Ben Jonson|A good listener is not only popular everywhere, but after a while, he knows something.
Ford Madox Ford, The Good Soldier|The old London was fading from her memory. She no longer expected to see the shops that had been bombed when she passed familiar streets. In many places the sites were being redeveloped. That’s what seemed real now – the new buildings and the flats above them. As she hit her stride, Mirabelle smiled. It felt good to be in the big city again and on her way.
Marc Riboud|Taking pictures is savoring life intensely, every hundredth of a second.
Joel Berg|When we fight wars, money is no object. When we choose peace, we ration every penny.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|It does not matter whatsoever, what the people around you think you can or cannot do. What really matters is what you think about your capabilities.
Augustine of Hippo|God had one son on earth without sin, but never one without suffering.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|of being strong and brave. The strong can not be brave. Only the weak can be brave; and yet again, in practice, only those who can be brave can be trusted, in time of doubt, to be strong.
J.K. Rowling|Your qualifications, your CV, are not your life, though you will meet many people of my age and older who confuse the two.
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|The schoolroom clock was worn raw by stares; and you couldn't look up at the big Puritanical face of it and not feel the countless years of young eyes reflected in it, urging it onwards. It was a dark, old spirit that didn't so much mark time as bequeath it.
Nora Roberts, Captivated|I go to Ireland. Walk along an empty beach. When I do, I think of all the people who have walked there before, and will walk there again. Then it occurs to me nothing is forever. No matter how bad or how good, everything passes and moves on to another level.
Amy Harmon, The Bird and the Sword|Often-times, grass was more useful than gold. Man was more desirable than a beast. Chance was more seductive than knowledge, and eternal life was completely meaningless without love.
Rick Yancey, The Isle of Blood|I took a breath, seeing from across the room the rain on his eyelashes. A sudden need to brush them free filled me. I could almost feel the dampness of the rain on my fingers, how soft it would feel.
Shannon L. Alder|We are not at the bargaining table in agreement to end abuse to our world. We are on the battlefield deciding everyday if we will let this world die or live, by how we contribute to its treatment.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|They don't take the Bible as a general thing, sailors don't; though I will say that I never saw the man at sea who didn't give it the credit of being an uncommon good yarn.("Kentucky's Ghost")
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Please, Kenzie, Jonah thought. Please, please, please back off from this. His life wasn't much, but it was all he had, this small safe space, walled in by secrets.
Giacomo Casanova, History of My Life, Vols. I & II|The source of love, as I learned later, is a curiosity which, combined with the inclination which nature is obliged to give us in order to preserve itself. […] Hence women make no mistake in taking such pains over their person and their clothing, for it is only by these that they can arouse a curiosity to read them in those whom nature at their birth declared worthy of something better than blindness. […] As time goes on a man who has loved many women, all of them beautiful, reaches the point of feeling curious about ugly women if they are new to him. He sees a painted woman. The paint is obvious to him, but it does not put him off. His passion, which has become a vice, is ready with the fraudulent title page. ‘It is quite possible,’ he tells himself, ‘that the book is not as bad as all that; indeed, it may have no need of this absurd artifice.’ He decides to scan it, he tries to turn over the pages—but no! the living book objects; it insists on being read properly, and the ‘egnomaniac’ becomes a victim of coquetry, the monstrous persecutor of all men who ply the trade of love.You, Sir, who are a man of intelligence and have read these least twenty lines, which Apollo drew from my pen, permit me to tell you that if they fail to disillusion you, you are lost—that is, you will be the victim of the fair sex to the last moment of your life. If that prospect pleases you, I congratulate you
Ramana Maharshi|Have faith in God and in yourself; that will cure all. Hope for the best, expect the best, toil for the best and everything will come right for you in the end.
Jodie Evans|I was part of a show called 'Manifest Equality' in Los Angeles in 2010, and I realized there was a disconnect between people who are gay or have gay friends and are gay-friendly, and people who think they don't know any gay people.
Chellie Pingree|The Safe Drinking Water Act, the safety provisions of the Clean Water Acts, the Clean Air Act, the Superfund Law - the gas industry is exempt from all these basic environmental and worker protections. They don't have to disclose the chemicals they use. They don't have to play by the same rules as anybody else.
José Saramago, The Cave|The worst pain ... isn't the pain you feel at the time, it's the pain you feel later on when there's nothing you can do about it, They say that time heals all wounds, But we never live long enough to test that theory ...
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|Violence is itself a form of political mobilisation. It is mainly directed against civilians and not at another army. The aim is to capture territory through political control rather than through military success. And political control is maintained through terror, through expulsion or elimination of those who challenge political control, especially those with a different label. Population displacement, massacres, widespread atrocities are not just side effects of war; they are a deliberate strategy for political control. The tactic is to sow the fear and hate on which exclusive identity claims rest.
Mensah Oteh|One thing guaranteed in life is that you’ll experience twists and turns, obstacles, roadblocks, and battles.
Michael Graves, The Lost Library: Gay Fiction Rediscovered|Great writers experience their dreams. They put them on paper, where others can read about them.
Dixie Waters|Be wary of a self-professed "nice guy". Anyone who is always going around saying they are "just trying to be nice" are most often, anything but nice. -If you're truly kind and loving, you don't have to "try". It comes naturally.
Howard Cosell|The American people are sheep. They're comfortable, rich, working. It's like the Romans, they're happy with bread and their spectator sports. The Super Bowl means more to them than any right.
Rose George|There's a value in used electronic equipment, and currently, there are small, domestic recyclers that process this equipment safely. But they have a hard time competing with facilities overseas that have few, if any, environmental and safety standards.
Joseph Conrad|The question is not how to get cured, but how to live.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|The beginning of my depression had been nothing but feelings, so the emotional deadening that followed was a welcome relief. I had always viewed feelings as a weakness-annoying obstacles on my quest for total power over myself. And I finally didn't have to feel them anymore.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Live in the present, or die in your past; it's your choice.
George Eliot, George Eliot's Life, as Related in Her Letters and Journals - Volume 1|Is not this a true autumn day? Just the still melancholy that I love - that makes life and nature harmonise. The birds are consulting about their migrations, the trees are putting on the hectic or the pallid hues of decay, and begin to strew the ground, that one's very footsteps may not disturb the repose of earth and air, while they give us a scent that is a perfect anodyne to the restless spirit. Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive aut
Jack Ketchum, Off Season|By necessity practical and by philosophy stern, these folk were not beautiful in their sins.
Dave Barry|You think that drinking with a serial killer takes you into the midnight currents of the culture? I say bullshit. There's been twelve TV documentaries, three movies and eight books about me. I'm more popular than any of these designed-by-pedophile pop moppets littering the music television and the gossip columns. I've killed more people than Paris Hilton has desemenated, I was famous before she was here and I'll be famous after she's gone. I am the mainstream. I am, in fact, the only true rock star of the modern age. Every newspaper in America never fails to report on my comeback tours, and I get excellent reviews.
Daniele Lanzarotta, Blood Bound|Quick, think of a marvelous excuse he’ll totally swallow. Aha!“To practice. Unlike you guys, I haven’t tried my particular talent since Granny May signed me up for belly-dancing classes when I was fifteen.”And, by the way, why the hell did I consent to that? Or decide I loved it? Never mind, he’s buying it. In fact, he seems to be hot on the idea. Are his eyes glowing? And is Cole’s tongue hanging out? This is why I didn’t want to dance in the first place! “Anyway,” I rushed on. “I’m going to find a private place where nobody can see to laugh at me while you beat this tent”—or, more likely, these two idiots—“into submission.
Kaciana Bru, For The Raised Consciousness of The New Era: Commanding The Spirits Within: The Subconscious Mind Is A Spirit With A Separate and Distinct Personality|I tell you I'm tired of hearing it. There ain't nothing that happens to a person that ain't that person. The world out there only does what you tell it to do. The world is happening to you the way it is happening because you're telling yourself the story that way. If you want to change the world so damn bad, Ida, then where you got to start is how it is you're looking at it.
Leonard Gardner, Fat City|I will if you give me a little kiss.” Furi grinned. He was tipsy and horny now. Tequila does that to a man.“Get the fuck outta here.” Doug laughed and pulled on Furi’s hair. “Just because you have long, soft hair and I’ve had a little to drink, doesn’t mean I’m gonna mistake you for a woman.”“Don’t want you too. Come on. One little kiss,” Furi moaned.“Fine. But only because I feel sorry for you. Make it quick.” Doug laughed.Furi’s head was still resting on Doug’s broad shoulder when he brought his hand up and put it around Doug’s neck to pull him to him. Doug’s smile faded and he looked very serious, Furi thought he was getting mad, but that wasn’t the case at all. Doug closed the distance and pressed his soft lips to Furi's. Both of them gasped in surprise at the initial contact. There was no tongue wrestling or groping. Just his friend giving him a little comfort and some much needed affection. Furi hadn’t been with anyone since he left his husband last year. That’s a long time to go without any sexual contact or the comforting touch of a lover. Furi felt Doug’s strong hand thread through his hair, making him lean back into the touch. His eyes fell closed when he felt Doug place a soft kiss against his throat. But what Doug did next brought tears to Furi’s eyes. Doug wrapped him in his muscled arms and hugged him tight, whispering on the shell of his ear that he’d be okay, that he’d protect him no matter what. It was exactly what Furi needed.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|And Harry remembered his first nightmarish trip into the forest, the first time he had ever encountered the thing that was then Voldemort, and how he had faced him, and how he and Dumbledore had discussed fighting a losing battle not long thereafter. It was important, Dumbledore said, to fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated. . . .And Harry saw very clearly as he sat there under the hot sun how people who cared about him had stood in front of him one by one, his mother, his father, his godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to protect him; but now that was over. He could not let anybody else stand between him and Voldemort; he must abandon forever the illusion he ought to have lost at the age of one, that theshelter of a parent’s arms meant that nothing could hurt him. There was no waking from his nightmare, no comforting whisper in the dark that he was safe really, that it was all in his imagination; the last and greatest of his protectors had died, and he was more alone than he had ever been before.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Sin is when you turn away from God—or, in the other language, alienation occurs when the ego, that erratic, unreliable driver of the personality, temporarily turns aside from the great quest for integration with the inner self, the self that’s authentic, the self that contains the potential to be fully human, fully fulfilled and fully alive.
Wes Locher, Musings on Minutiae|Ever since the robot was first invented, there have been people who swear up and down that this marks the first step towards the fall of man … To be fair, their arguments are backed with scientific fact taken from documentary films such as The Terminator, The Matrix, and RoboCop.
Dr.T.V.Rao MD|No matter how banal the contents, there is always something that touches me. For someone now dead once thought these words significant enough to write them down.
John Newcombe|Positivity, that's one of the things I try to spread throughout my company and really anyone I come in contact with. Because as you know, life's too short. You got to keep it positive and keep it fun.
Steve Case|No, I'm happy to go on living the life I've chosen. I'm a university teacher and I like my job.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, The Essential Guide to Travel Health: Don't Let Bugs, Bites, and Bowels Spoil Your Trip|Travel experiences are emotionally loaded. Often there is excitement and stimulation. The tingle-factor though comes partly from the fact that we're stressed, just a little.
André Breton|It is hard not to see into the future, faced with today's blind architecture - a thousand times more stupid and more revolting than that of other ages. How bored we shall be inside!
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|We try too much and trust too little. Count the times God's Book tells us to "try." Now count the times it tells us to "trust.
Manoj Arora, Happiness Unlimited: How to be happy always|Do not postpone your happiness to "achievement" of goals. It is not worth postponing your happiness, even for a moment...Learn to "be happy" first, and then go about achieving your goals...
Hal Duncan, Rhapsody: Notes on Strange Fictions|We need to keep government small, but we also need to keep the influence of big business small, and we need to keep the power in the hands of the people, where it belongs. Big government and big business aren’t the only two alternatives.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are countless opportunities to comfort others, not only in the loss of a loved one, but also in the daily distress that so often creeps into our lives.
John Wooden|When the citizens of a nation have been made to love and adhere to values and virtues, then they make better choices.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|In those moments, none of it matters. It’s like that stuff is happening to someone else because all you feel is dark inside, and that darkness just kind of takes over. You don’t even really think about what might happen to the people you leave behind, because all you can think about is yourself.
Cherie Hill, When You Need a Miracle: The Seven Secrets of Faith|The question you’ll need to ask yourself as your heart is filled with fear is: “Do you know God’s heart?” Do you know Him that intimately? Do you trust Him with all of your heart, instead of leaning unto your own understanding? Most of us don’t, especially when life is falling apart at the seams. If you want to know God’s heart, if you want to trust Him and have the kind of peace that comes with that, you’re going to have to read His word. The Bible is His voice and it reveals His character.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|When you realize that eternity is right here now, that it is within your possibility to experience the eternity of your own truth and being, then you grasp the following: That which you are was never born and will never die. . . . (90)
Keturah Lamb|Yes, God has given us desire. But we are the ones that stoke it. What sort of kindling will we be using to make our fire?
Craig Mapp|Here's the most startling irony I know in film history: Antonioni, who is often denigrated by left-wing critics as a formalist and aesthete gives us radical realism through the long take, and what he gives us--this is his metaphysical wager--is real outside the film, off the set, beyond the camera and underneath the surface of everyday life.
Barbara Sher|Learning After some time, you learn the subtle difference betweenholding a handand imprisoning a soul;You learn that love does not equal sex,and that company does not equal security,and you start to learn….That kisses are not contracts and gifts are not promises, and you start to accept defeat with the head up highand open eyes,and you learn to build all roads on today,because the terrain of tomorrow is too insecure for plans…and the future has its own way of falling apart in half.And you learn that if it’s too mucheven the warmth of the sun can burn.So you plant your own garden and embellish your own soul,instead of waiting for someone to bring flowers to you.And you learn that you can actually bear hardship,that you are actually strong,and you are actually worthy,and you learn and learn…and so every day.Over time you learn that being with someonebecause they offer you a good future,means that sooner or later you’ll want to return to your past.Over time you comprehend that only who is capable of loving you with your flaws, with no intention of changing youcan bring you all happiness.Over time you learn that if you are with a persononly to accompany your own solitude, irremediably you’ll end up wishing not to see them again.Over time you learn that real friends are fewand whoever doesn’t fight for them, sooner or later,will find himself surrounded only with false friendships.Over time you learn that words spoken in moments of angercontinue hurting throughout a lifetime.Over time you learn that everyone can apologize,but forgiveness is an attribute solely of great souls.Over time you comprehend that if you have hurt a friend harshlyit is very likely that your friendship will never be the same.Over time you realize that despite being happy with your friends,you cry for those you let go.Over time you realize that every experience lived, with each person, is unrepeatable.Over time you realize that whoever humiliatesor scorns another human being, sooner or laterwill suffer the same humiliations or scorn in tenfold.Over time you learn to build your roads on today,because the path of tomorrow doesn’t exist.Over time you comprehend that rushing things or forcing them to happencauses the finale to be different form expected.Over time you realize that in fact the best was not the future,but the moment you were living just that instant.Over time you will see that even when you are happy with those around you,you’ll yearn for those who walked away.Over time you will learn to forgive or ask for forgiveness,say you love, say you miss, say you need,say you want to be friends, since beforea grave, it will no longer make sense.But unfortunately, only over time…
John Geiger|Excellence is the result of loving more than others think is necessary, dreaming more than others think is practical, risking more than others think is safe, and doing more than others think is possible. Every day is a golden opportunity to learn, practice gratitude, and positively impact the world around you. Do not ask for instant fulfillment in your life, but for patience to accept your current frustrations. Do not ask for perfection in all you do, but for the wisdom to make better choices. Do not ask for more before saying, “THANK YOU” for everything you have already received.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|No one man should be viewed as having more to offer the world than another. We are all equals and every human being has something of value in their composition which makes them unique – just as every country has their own unique resources to share with the world. Never discount somebody based on material wealth, true wealth is what cannot be seen. Never discount a country by their size or resources, while their resources may greatly benefit other lands in need.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All of our thoughts – ideas – are traceable to a sensation, an encounter with the world that leaves an impression upon the mind.
Peter Agre|From the time that I can remember, I worked to make money - either baby-sitting, or one year wrapping gifts at a department store at Christmas, so I could have my own money.
Jamie Scallion, Making It|My old man tells me every chance he gets I’m “style over substance” and that I’ve never done anything of value in my life. I’m fifteen. What does he expect? Being “cool as” is the only thing anyone cares about."Burt, Book 1 "Making it
Katie MacAlister, Dragon Fall|Do you have some sort of anti-derangement medication? If so, you might wish to take it.
Nyona Matende|If some talents were withheld, the Withholder knows why. He has done all things well.
Tristi Pinkston, Turning Pages|Nowadays films and television are what I like to call "Microwave Media". I like mine in the oven, giving the production time to simmer; get the juices flowing, and cooked to perfection. And that takes time. Slow, precious, tempered time. A script is a film's recipe. It's just a piece of paper to the novice cook, but even a recipe needs time to be perfected before it's given to the masses.
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Water Knife|You can’t imagine how much I regret what happened. For some reason, becauseof the type of relationship we had, I thought it was an acceptable training exercise; albeit a little extreme. But I’m not going to ask your forgiveness, I don’t want it. I mean to always remember my mistake, so I will never make it again.” (Micah to Kaitlyn)
Yayoi Kusama|I would like to prove that on TV, everyday lives can be as compelling as the life-styles of the rich and famous. Especially lives that we catch at extraordinary moments.
Christopher Zeeman|I think a strong claim can be made that the process of scientific discovery may be regarded as a form of art. This is best seen in the theoretical aspects of Physical Science. The mathematical theorist builds up on certain assumptions and according to well understood logical rules, step by step, a stately edifice, while his imaginative power brings out clearly the hidden relations between its parts. A well constructed theory is in some respects undoubtedly an artistic production. A fine example is the famous Kinetic Theory of Maxwell. ... The theory of relativity by Einstein, quite apart from any question of its validity, cannot but be regarded as a magnificent work of art.
Abraham-Hicks|It’s not necessary for you to exacerbate your contrast with struggle in order to get it into a higher place. It is not necessary to suffer in order to give birth to desire. But when you have suffered and you have given birth to desire, so what? You’ve got a desire. Turn your attention to the desire. Think about where you’re going and never mind where you’ve been. Don’t spend any more time justifying any of that stuff.
John Vanbrugh|I love your laugh. I want to hear it every day. I want to be through all this darkness and devastation. I want happiness now. I want our due. I want what we’ve deserved from the beginning.” He paused and stared deep into her eyes, willing her to understand how much he loved her. “I want you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is man and not the Bible that needs correcting. Greater and more careful scholarship has shown that apparent contradictions were caused by incorrect translations, rather than divine inconsistencies.
David D. Flowers|Jesus sets the boundaries of God's will. If it doesn't look like Christ, then it's outside the will of God. Jesus iS the will of God for us.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Its not what the universe gives us that matters, but what we give the universe
Michael Marshall Smith, Spares|I shut my eyes, turned away for a moment, and it came: a shiver of finality like the one when you decide, in your own mind, that you’re going to have to tell someone who loves you that you don’t want to be with them anymore. Terror, and relief; relief and terror, so intermingled that they feel like the same thought.
Alan de Jager|God never loses any part of our past for his future when we surrender ourselves to him. Every mistake, sin, and detour we take in the journey of life is taken by God and becomes his gift for a future of blessing.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Well, I certainly don't," said Percy sanctimoniously. "I shudder to think what the state of my in-tray would be if I was away from work for five days." "Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in it again, eh, Perce?" said Fred. "That was a sample of fertilizer from Norway!" said Percy, going very red in the face. "It was nothing personal!" "It was," Fred whispered to Harry as they got up from the table. "We sent it.
R. L. Stine|Whenever a film allows you to think and feel and take it beyond the moment, I think it's achieved something. And 'Funny Games' does that.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|...because there is nothing intelligent to say about a massacre. Everybody is supposed to be dead, to never say anything or want anything ever again. Everything is supposed to be very quiet after a massacre, and it always is, except for the birds.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|Every time it rains, the soil counts every drop to know exactly how many times to thank to God!
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|The best way to take control over a people and control them utterly is to take a little of their freedom at a time, to erode rights by a thousand tiny and almost imperceptible reductions. In this way, the people will not see those rights and freedoms being removed until past the point at which these changes cannot be reversed.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Change takes time. It takes time for the seeds to begin growing within, time to understand and process, time for the growth to mature, and time for the old self to die and fall away.
Thom Mayne|Any work of architecture that has with it some discussion, some polemic, I think is good. It shows that people are interested, people are involved.
Phil Dourado, The Little Book of Leadership: a Free eBook from the Leadership Hub|All good and great hunters once upon a time shot wrongly, missed a good prey, went home tired and weary without a prey and they also met the most heart breaking moments, but regardless their slips and challenges, their biggest glory always came from the wildest animals they could kill with their mere weapons!
Justine Lévy|Faut être drôlement heureux pour supporter d'être triste, drôlement heureux ou drôlement courageux, et moi je ne suis pas très courageuse, et je suis très très malheureuse.
Anita Shreve, Sea Glass|I just never had a friend who cared as you do. My best friend Destiny doesn't understand me, she has a husband and a child. A life I have always wanted, but unfortunately, tables have turned to where I can't find that one guy I could love."Angel felt bad for feeling lust for the straight woman. She should have known better."Jana, men have no idea what they are missing. You are as beautiful as they come and I would appreciate you more than any man would.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|There's an old adage," he said, "translated from the ancient Coptic, that contains all the wisdom of the ages -- "Life is life and fun is fun, but it's all so quiet when the goldfish die.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|A powerful process automatically takes care of progress, productivity and profits.
Tana French, Faithful Place|In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line.
Akio Toyoda|I have repeatedly called for respecting institutions and the democratic process. Once the process is completed, we should always respect the outcome.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|Maybe Father Auguste is right," Henry started thoughtfully, rising from a bench. "Maybe we should wait."From the back of the tavern, Peter stifled a burst of laughter. Henry gripped the edge of the table.Adrian turned to Henry with a withering glare."Maybe, my son," Adrian said quietly, "you should find your courage."Henry took a labored breath."You want to hunt the Wolf?" He narrowed his eyes, spurned. "All right, then. Let's hunt it.
Augustine of Hippo|Augustine taught that true freedom is not choice or lack of constraint, but being what you are meant to be. Humans were created in the image of God. True freedom, then, is not found in moving away from that image but only in living it out.
Clare Mulley, The Spy Who Loved: The Secrets and Lives of Christine Granville|Do you belong to the religion that whip, stone and murder people; because they wanted to enjoy their life.
Evinda Lepins|To take for granted one's blessings is a damage to the soul, and in time one will lose them, simply from lack of care. One should never tire of nourishing and treasuring all that is lovely.
Stephen Richards|If you have ever prayed for something and received what you wanted, you engaged in Cosmic Ordering.
Tekoa Manning, Walter: The Homeless Man|His life seemed like a deck of cards, and in the midst of all those two’s and three’s someone had thrown him an Ace and a King, but they were still different suits. He didn’t know what to discard or what to keep, and he was scared to death to lay them down.
Norman Borlaug|But I don't begrudge anybody, because I know how hard it is to have that dream and to make it happen, whether or not it's just to put a roof over your head and food on the table.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Puff, the Magic Dragon, lived by the sea, and frolicked in the Autumn Mist in a land called Honah Lee, little Jacky Paper loved that rascal Puff, and gave him strings and sealing wax and other fancy stuff.
Lygia Fagundes Telles, Ciranda de Pedra|Think of something useless, and that's probably what I'll be doing. Listen, Virginia, we need to love the useless. We need to raise pigeons without a thought of eating them, plant rose bushes without expecting to pick roses, write without aiming at publication. We need to do things without expecting benefits in return. The shortest distance between two points may be a straight line, but it's in the curving paths that the best things are found. . . . We must love the useless, because there is beauty in uselessness.
Wallace Stevens|They were full of mysteries and secrets, like... like poems turned into landscapes.""'Poems turned into landscapes.'" he murmured with a slight smile. "And what of Vestenveld's gardens? Do you see poems in them?""Your gardens are like your country's poetry. Very frilly and organized.
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|Tell me what you do with the food you eat, and I’ll tell you who you are. Some turn their food into fat and manure, some into work and good humor, and others, I’m told, into God.” - Zorba.
Derek Sivers|You grow (and thrive!) by doing what excitesyou and what scares you everyday, not bytrying to find your passion.
Brian Spellman|Next minute you’ll be telling me there’s nothing wrong,’ he said softly. ‘One of the all time favourite lies women employ when they’re hiding huge grievances.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Toni's Talk: When you invest in yourself, you have instant credibility with your biggest critic...you! As soon as you let doubt creep in---you lose that investment. Make a daily commitment to assess your worth with positive affirmations and watch your investment grow.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|It is worth it to leave behing my minor life for grander maybes-Miles "Pudge
Brian Staveley, The Last Mortal Bond|I’m using Mao as my inspiration. “Cast away illusions. Prepare for struggle.” I’m back in business, baby. You don’t know you’re stuck until you get moving.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|My ugly one, I love you for your waist of gold,my beauty, I love you because of a wrinkle on your forehead,love, I love you because you are clear and dark.
Mordecai Wyatt Johnson|God allows unjust disparities between rich and poor because He does not miraculously intervene to establish justice against human wills. Also, discrepancies are not unjust by themselves; justice does not mean equality of result but equality of opportunity.
David Foster Wallace|You know, the whole thing about perfectionism. The perfectionism is very dangerous. Because of course if your fidelity to perfectionism is too high, you never do anything. Because doing anything results in...it's actually kind of tragic because you sacrifice how gorgeous and perfect it is in your head for what it really is. And there were a couple of years where I really struggled with that.
D.T. Suzuki, An Introduction to Zen Buddhism|The idea of Zen is to catch life as it flows. There is nothing extraordinary or mysterious about Zen. I raise my hand ; I take a book from the other side of the desk ; I hear the boys playing ball outside my window; I see the clouds blown away beyond the neighbouring wood: — in all these I am practising Zen, I am living Zen. No wordy discussions is necessary, nor any explanation. I do not know why — and there is no need of explaining, but when the sun rises the whole world dances with joy and everybody’s heart is filled with bliss. If Zen is at all conceivable, it must be taken hold of here.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Promise me, you will love me forever.
Margot Benary-Isbert, Rowan Farm|Too bad people can't always be playing music, maybe then there wouldn't be any more wars.
Thea Harrison, Shadow's End|Giving him a grateful nod, Graydon turned away.A heavy hand fell on his shoulder, causing him to stop in his tracks. Dragos' grip clenched, almost to the point of pain.Normally, Dragos was not demonstrative with anyone other than Pia and Liam. Moved, Graydon angled his face away. After a moment, he reached up to grip the other man's hand in return. Only then did Dragos' hold ease and allow him to continue on his way.
Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries|I'll turn into a god of pain and disease and build an altar to you from the bones of your murderer. Their suffering will be my first odes, and they will not end until I feel satisfied that even dead, resting wherever you are resting, you can hear the pain of the idiot that thought your death would go unavenged.
Marquis de Lafayette|If I were an American, as I am an Englishman, while a foreign troop was landed in my country, I never would lay down my arms never never never!
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Being in our secret place brings much peace and the more we go there, the more it will increase. Now we let it all go by, have faith in what we see and it IS what will be.”Gramma Tenanye, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Alexey Stakhov, "Golden" Non-Euclidean Geometry, The: Hilbert's Fourth Problem, "Golden" Dynamical Systems, and the Fine-Structure Constant|Buckminster Fuller explained to me once that because our world is constructed from geometric relations like the Golden Ratio or the Fibonacci Series, by thinking about geometry all the time, you could organize and harmonize your life with the structure of the world.
John C. Wright, The Judge of Ages|If you don't understand, I'll stay with you until you do.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|when happiness makes a guest appearance in one's life,it's important to make the most of it.It may not stay around for long and when it has gone wouldn't it be terrible to think that all the time one could have been happy was wasted worrying when the happiness would be taken away.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|This sense of insecurity was falling about the entire planet and though people went on doing the things they usually did, they had none of the assurance, the happy-go-lucky "all-right" feeling, that had hitherto sustained normal men. They went on doing their customary things because they could not think of anything else to do. They tried to believe, and many did succeed in believing, that there would presently be a turn for the better. They did nothing to bring about that turn for the better; they just hoped it would occur.
Roman Payne, Crepuscule|People wonder why so many writers come to live in Paris. I’ve been living ten years in Paris and the answer seems simple to me: because it’s the best place to pick ideas. Just like Italy, Spain.. or Iran are the best places to pick saffron. If you want to pick opium poppies you go to Burma or South-East Asia. And if you want to pick novel ideas, you go to Paris.
Orson Scott Card, How to Write Science Fiction & Fantasy|I’ve never liked urban myths. I’ve never liked pretending to believe in them; never understood why everyone else doesn’t see straight through them. Why is it they’ve always happened to a friend of a friend - someone you’ve never met? Why does everyone smile and nod and pull the right faces, when they must know they’re not true? Pointless. A waste of breath. So I sneered at the myths about Scaderstone Pit. It was just an old quarry – nothing more. I never believed in the rumours of discarded dynamite. It had decayed, they said. It exploded at the slightest touch, had even blown someone’s hand off. I shrugged off the talk of the toxic waste. It was dumped in the dead of night, they said. The canisters rusting away, leaking deadly poisons that could blind you, burn your lungs. I laughed at the ghost stories. You could hear the moans, they said, of quarrymen buried alive and never found. You could see their nightwalking souls, searching for their poor crushed bodies.I didn’t believe any of it – not one word. Now, after everything that’s happened, I wonder whether I should’ve listened to those stories. Maybe then, these things would’ve happened to someone else, and I could’ve smiled and said they were impossible.But this is not an urban myth. And it did not happen to someone else, but to me. I’ve set it down as best I can remember. Whether you believe it or not, is up to you.
Nick Clegg, Politics: Between the Extremes|Reason, in the end, will win against unreason.
Don Marquis|Your sweetheart calls you by another's name. His eyes linger too long on your best friend. He talks with excitement about a girl at work. And the fire catches. Jealousy - that sickening combination of possessiveness, suspicion, rage, and humiliation - can overtake your mind and threaten your very core as you contemplate your rival.
Shannon L. Alder|If you don't make a conscious effort to visualize, who you are and what you want to become in life, then you empower other people and circumstances to shape your journey by default. Your silence makes you reactive vs. proactive. God will bring people in your life that can take you on many different journeys that will bring about different outcomes to your life mission. However, if you are not proactive and define your dreams you will never know where “you” need to be and who needs to be with you to fulfill what God is asking you to do. Your life is your own. You must define your dreams, not live someone else’s vision of a good life. What is it that God is asking you to do with the talents and hobbies you enjoy? What were you blessed with a desire for? A good life is one spent in the service of helping others. Find a life partner that will help you reach God’s highest potential—service to humanity, service to his Kingdom, service to building others up. Also, begin any choice with the end in mind. This means to begin each day with a clear vision of your desired direction. It is not enough to live a passive life of religious devotion. God asked you to do more than worship. He has called you to serve, not to be a servant to other people’s dreams. You and only you know where your heart must travel. God brings you storms in life to wake you up. Don’t see it as his disappointment, but as his parental love for you. Life was not meant to stay the same. If someone truly loves you they will never take you away from God’s plan, they will only magnify it.
Manoj Arora, Dream On|To succeed perseverance yells "pain to gain". If you don't take heed, you'll end up slain!
B. Alan Wallace, The Attention Revolution: Unlocking the Power of the Focused Mind|I suggest that if you were able to focus your attention at will, you could actually choose the universe you appear to inhabit.
Brian  McClellan, The Crimson Campaign|He took my family,” Adamat said. “Blackmailed me, and he still has my wife and oldest son. I want to get them back, and then kill him slowly.”“A lot of violence planned, for a family man,” the eunuch said.Adamat leaned forward. “‘Family,’” he said. “Remember that word. There is nothing that will make a man more desperate and more capable of violence than endangering his family.
Winston S. Churchill|Now at this very moment I knew that the United States was in the war, up to the neck and in to the death. So we had won after all! ... How long the war would last or in what fashion it would end no man could tell, nor did I at this moment care ... We should not be wiped out. Our history would not come to an end ... Hitler's fate was sealed. Mussolini's fate was sealed. As for the Japanese, they would be ground to a powder. All the rest was merely the proper application of overwhelming force.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Like all young people, you are quite sure that you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, you alone are the only one clever enough to realise...
Vikas Swarup, Q & A|Lajwanti made the cardinal mistake of trying to cross the dividing line that separates the existence of the rich from that of the poor. She made the fatal error of dreaming beyond her means. The bigger the dream, the bigger the disappointment.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Come Judgment Day, we may find that Mumbo Jumbo the God of the Congo was the Big Boss all along.
Reid A. Ashbaucher, Made in the Image of God: Understanding the Nature of God and Mankind in a Changing World|There was a metal rod inside of Colin. The rod went from his stomach to the middle of his head. It was made of steel and sugar, and had been dissolving inside of Colin for ten or fifteen years, slow and sweet, above and behind his tongue; and he could taste it in that way, like an aftertaste, removed and seeping and outside of the mouth. Sometimes he’d glimpse it with the black, numb backs of his eyes. But what he really wanted was to wrench it out. Cut it up and chew it. Or melt it. Bathe in the hard, sweet lava of it.
Steen Langstrup, In The Shadow of Sadd|I thought part of the idea of having therapy was putting one in touch with his or her feelings. And don’t give me all that about transference, and counter-transference and all that. I know what I feel. And it has nothing to do with all that. And you also feel for me. And if you don’t know that, then maybe it’s you who needs to have therapy to gain a better knowledge of yourself.
Marion Zimmer Bradley|Fifty percent of people won't vote, and fifty percent don't read newspapers. I hope it's the same fifty percent.
M.F. Moonzajer|We used to argue, fight and get angry, but we always ended our enmity with kisses and hugs.
John Piper, God Is the Gospel: Meditations on God's Love as the Gift of Himself|Don’t be deceived, my dear brothers and sisters. Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows. (James 1:16-17)
Cat Adams, The Eldritch Conspiracy|I would wish that people would accept people for who they are, not be judgemental, allow people to live their lives and enjoy themselves and that would be my wish for people.
Manjul Bajaj, Another Man's Wife and Other Stories|Time is like a barber, it shears you first and then shows you your own face in the mirror. (Marrying Nusrat)
Courtney Schafer, The Tainted City|Today is yesterday's victory, yesterday is tomorrow's conquest, and tomorrow is today's war. Though I face death, I am not fearsome.
Wilfred Waters, No Return Address: A collection of poems|Bob, I am grateful for yourThree letter name.It's another reminder of homeOf a world predictableOf a life I had.
George Albert Smith|There are two influences ever present in the world. One is constructive and elevating and comes from our Heavenly Father; the other is destructive and debasing and comes from Lucifer. We have our agency and make our own choice in life subject to these unseen powers. There is a division line well defined that separates the Lord's territory from Lucifer's. If we live on the Lord's side of the line Lucifer cannot come there to influence us, but if we cross the line into his territory we are in his power. By keeping the commandments of the Lord we are safe on His side of the line, but if we disobey His teachings we voluntarily cross into the zone of temptation and invite the destruction that is ever present there. Knowing this, how anxious we should always be to live on the Lord's side of the line.
Herbert Marcuse|Most of American life consists of driving somewhere and then returning home, wondering why the hell you went.
Adam Gopnik, Paris to the Moon|There is, I believe now, a force in stories, words in motion, that either drives them forward past things into feelings or doesn't. Sometimes the words fly over the fence and all the way out to the feelings.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|And besides, I couldn't stay at the party. It was too dangerous. I nearly died.""From what?""Boredom.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|Added to the moral solitude of the murderer comes the solitude of the artist, which can acknowledge no authority, save that of another artist.
Jessica Livingston, Founders at Work: Stories of Startups' Early Days|They are girls to whom things happen, and they take it hard. But I bear myself as more than a silly girl. I am the daughter of a water goddess. I am a woman with water in her veins and power in her breeding. I am a woman who makes things happen, and I am not defeated yet. I am not defeated by a boy with a newly won crown, and no man will ever walk away from me certain that he won’t walk back.
Bettina Arndt|The truth is despite the hard work and juggling required to keep the different facets of the frantic life afloat, the "superwoman" has one marvelous compensation. Being busy and being seen to be busy lets you off the hook. Buys you a way out of all aspects of your many roles you secretly despise ... like cleaning cupboards ... or entertaining your husband's business friends. When you combine wife, mother, career and all, each role become the perfect excuse for avoiding the worst aspects of the other.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|Understanding the true nature of things, or seeing things as they really are, is the ground of wisdom.
Muriel Rukeyser|No one wants to read poetry. You have to make it impossible for them to put the poem down--impossible for them to stop reading it, word after word. You have to keep them from closing the book.
Brené Brown, Rising Strong|The reckoning is how we walk into our story; the rumble is where we own it. The goal of the rumble is to get honest about the stories we're making up about our struggles, to revisit, challenge, and reality-check these narratives.
Lisa Kessler, Lure of Obsession|She kissed his chest. "Thanks for letting me into your heart."	He tucked her hair behind her ear. "You walked in like you had a key.
Debasish Mridha|Education opens eyes to see, feel, and enjoy the beauty of life in a different way.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|People who are diagnosed as having "generalized anxiety disorder" are afflicted by three major problems that many of us experience to a lesser extent from time to time. First and foremost, says Rapgay, the natural human inclination to focus on threats and bad news is strongly amplified in them, so that even significant positive events get suppressed. An inflexible mentality and tendency toward excessive verbalizing make therapeutic intervention a further challenge.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|A demon’s power comes from here,” he said, placing his fingers on my temple. “Here.” He moved his hand and placed his palm on my belly. “And here.” His hand covered my heart, with way too much emphasis on my breast. I sucked in my breath on a gasp, causing my bosom to press into his hand even more. My eyes came up and locked with his. “I think this is the part that stopped you from pushing me away,” he said, referring to my heart
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Travel Moulds A Man,People Mould His Wisdom And Experiences Mould His LIFE...!
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Seriously, what is the purpose? Maybe I’d feel better about walking around speaking fluent jive if I knew there was a reason for it.
Rahul Kumar K.|I too am my own forerunner, though I sit in the shadows of my trees and seem motionless.
Jack Kerouac, And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks|Although this was not a comforting point of view, he did not reject it, because it coincided with one of his basic beliefs: that a man must at all costs keep some part of himself outside and beyond life. If he should ever for an instant cease doubting, accept wholly the truth of what his senses conveyed to him, he would be dislodged from the solid ground to which he clung and swept along with the current, having lost all objective sense, totally involved with existence.
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|What we are proposing,' Alicia said, 'is that the laws of physics are such that causality violation is subject to a form of version control, one that prevents a forking of history. That instead of causality violation creating an alternate universe, one version of history is outright overwritten by another. One past is replaced with another future. Which means that the memories of the past of the people in that future are replaced with memories of a different past.'Carson interrupted. 'Including the memories of any—''Purely hypothetical—''—time travelers.''So take our time traveler from the traditional story,' Carson continued. 'He leaves his utopian future for the past. He kills the butterfly. The Magna Carta is never written. He returns to the dystopian future that his misstep created. But he doesn't see it as a dystopia: he sees it as home, the world he grew up in, the world he left to go back in time. Because he doesn't remember that first future, and has no other world to which he can compare this one. Maybe he even sees it as a utopia. Maybe everyone does. Maybe everyone in this dark place believes that they live in the best of all possible worlds.
Arne Duncan|I wanted to be a mechanic. When I was 14 I wanted to quit school and go work on my car. But my dad said Son, you shouldn't do that. You should stay in school until your education is finished, and when you're done, don't make your hobby your job.
Joyce Rachelle|It's a singular sort of pain, watching the most beautiful creature self-destruct because you weren't able to find the red wire.
Bonnie Blair|I hope I can help guys come out and say, 'All right, dude, I got a manicure... and I liked it.'
James Avery Fuchs, Gasoline and Winter|If our story isn’t serving us, negatively impacts our families, our communities, or our organizations, we might just have to find a way to “StoryJack” the story, transforming it, and creating a new story that we resonate with so that we can “Jack Into” a better version or experience the story – and our life - in a new way.
Coco Chanel|If Anthony Weaver knew anything, it was this: That life and love and country and duty…that all of these things faded in time. They came and went with the impartial cruelty of the Indian sun. But sin and sin alone is eternal.
Bill Bryson|I'm always right, always wrong. Dressing bad's like loving you there is nothing i haven't worn. Nothing, I haven’t said before. You are nothing I haven’t felt before.
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|Is it possible to love so desperately that life is unbearable? I don't mean unrequited, I mean being in the love. In the midst of it and desperate. Because knowing it will end, because everything does. End.
Jalaluddin Rumi|A stray dog, I might understand," she said. "But this? You are too softhearted."No, Mabry," Ravus said. "I am not." He looked in Val's direction. "I think she wants to die."Maybe you can help her after all," Mabry said. "You're good at helping people die.
Georges Limbour|The Actor, noticing a closed bookshop, dismounted from the horse which he tied to a street lamp. He woke up the bookseller and bought a Spanish grammar and dictionary. He set out again across town marveling at the way that the words of the foreign language were freshly gathered fruits and not old and dry. They touched the senses marvelously, new like young beggars who accost you, not yet words but the every things they designate, happily running naked before being clothed again in abstraction.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|To let go means to give up coercing, resisting, or struggling, in exchange for something more powerful and wholesome which comes out of allowing things to be as they are without getting caught up in your attraction to or rejection of them, in the intrinsic stickiness of wanting, of liking and disliking.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Feed your child ideas of peace, harmony and compassion but at the same time give them courage to defend their identity and dignity.
Leo Babauta|The point of simple living, for me has got to be:A soft place to landA wide margin of errorRoom to breatheLots of places to find baseline happiness in each and every day
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|He's pressing me to his chest. I melt. Oh, this is where I want to beI rest my head against him, and he kisses my hair repeatedly. This is home. He smells of linen, fabric softener, body wash, and my favourite smell - Christian. For a moment, I allow myself the illusion that all will be well, and it soothes my ravaged soul
Nehali Lalwani|The time has come for us to admit our insignificance by making discoveries in the infinite unexplored cosmos. Only then shall we realize that we are nothing but ants in the vast state of the universe. And yet our future and our opportunities lie in the universe, where gods promised they would.
Antonin Scalia|Sometimes we look back and 10 years from now we think, 'Boy, those were great old days.' Well, you know, we're living in the good old days.
George Eliot|It is better to be hungry in joy, than to be filled in sorrow.
Allie Brosh, Hyperbole and a Half: Unfortunate Situations, Flawed Coping Mechanisms, Mayhem, and Other Things That Happened|Most people can motivate themselves to do things simply by knowing that those things need to be done. But not me. For me, motivation is this horrible, scary game where I try to make myself do something while I actively avoid doing it. If I win, I have to do something I don't want to do. And if I lose, I'm one step closer to ruining my entire life. And I never know whether I'm going to win or lose until the last second.
Rosa Marchisella, Notes to My Younger Self|Like any good Englishman, he detests emotions and prefers a healthy dose of denial and tea.
Rachel Machacek, The Science of Single: One Woman's Grand Experiment in Modern Dating, Creating Chemistry, and Finding Love|There are three ways you can get along with a girl: one, shut up and listen to what she has to say; two, tell her you like what she's wearing; and three, treat her to really good food...If you do all that and still don't get the results you want, better give up.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The human ego is the ugliest part of man. We lift up men who only show us darkness, and put down those brave enough to show us the light. Likewise, people engage in darkness when it is light outside, and acknowledge the light only when it is dark. We abandon those fighting for us to cheer behind those fighting against us. And, we only remember good people and God when it is convenient for us, and take them for granted because their doors are always open - only to chase after closed doors and personalities void of substance and truth.
George Washington|It's very hard to keep personal prejudice out of a thing like this. And no matter where you run into it, prejudice obscures the truth.
Anne Lamott|Peace is one of the most precious gifts God has promised His children. I know, because for many years my life was not peaceful, and I was miserable.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|CIRCLES OF LIFEEverythingTurns,Rotates,Spins,Circles,Loops,Pulsates,Resonates,AndRepeats.CirclesOf life,Born fromPulsesOf light,VibrateToBreathe,WhileSpiralingOutwardsForInfinityThroughThe lensOf time,And intoA seaOf starsAndLucidDreams.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Anosh Irani, The Cripple and His Talismans|A loss of any kind is horrible. Not because it takes away, but because it makes you believe- in newspapers, in tomatoes, in empty whiskey bottles.
Naima Simone, The Millionaire Makeover|What I am fucking tired of is seeing you hide behind dull clothes shaped like tents and sacks because you’re afraid of being noticed. Like you’re trying to disappear. And that’s a damn crime. Screw this Bennett. I could give two fucks about Bennett. This is about you. About you seeing the beauty you are so maybe others will, too.--Niall Hunter to Khloe Richardson
Walter Scott|I have been enormously impressed by the role that pure chance plays in determining our life history. I was reminded of some famous lines of Robert Frost:Two roads diverged in a yellow wood,And sorry I could not travel bothI took the one less travled by,And that has made all the difference.As I recalled my own experience and development, I was impressed by the series of lucky accidents that determined the road I traveled.> From "Lives of the Laureates" pg.67
E. Christian Kopff, The Devil Knows Latin: Why America Needs the Classical Tradition|To talk of humans as 'transcendent' is not to ascribe to them spiritual properties. It is, rather, to recognize that as subjects we have the ability to transform our selves, our natures, our world—an ability denied to any other physical being. In the six million years since the human and chimpanzee lines first diverged on either side of Africa's Great Rift Valley, the behaviour and lifestyles of chimpanzees have barely changed. Human behaviour and lifestyles clearly have. Humans have learnt to learn from previous generations, to improve upon their work, and to establish a momentum to human life and culture that has taken us from cave art to quantum physics and the conquest of space. It is this capacity for constant innovation that distinguishes humans from all other animals. All animals have an evolutionary past. Only humans make history.
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|It just seems like overkill when you already have a dagger and I have superpowerful magic at my disposal.”“‘Superpowerful?’”He stood up, a gold chain dangling from his fingers. “Let me remind you of two words, Mercer: Bad. Dog.
Erik Pevernagie|Fear has always been a very important whistleblower. Our emotion and our history can provoke fear that may arrest us at any time or at any place. Above and beyond, fear might be contagious and its scent, sometimes sensual, sometimes mystical or animal, can exude the musty and arcane smell of destiny. ("One could still feel the smell of fear" )
Michelle Sagara West, Silence|Once you tell your first lie, the first time you lie for him, you are in it with him, and then you are lost.
Hunter Hayes|I've always been shy, but I see that as a good thing because it kept me focused on music. When I was in seventh grade, I asked my parents for a mobile recording system for Christmas, and I got it. I didn't come out of my room for years after that. I'd get invited to the movies and I'd say, 'I'm gonna finish a couple of demos.'
Shayne Azad|Some of us enjoy with today, some with future and some other with past.
Erin Hunter, The Forgotten Warrior|I thought you were a drunk.""A drunk?""Bloodshot eyes, dirty clothes, getting home in the wee hours of the morning, making a lot ofnoise, grouchy all the time as if you had a hangover… what else was I to think?"He rubbed his face. "Sorry, I wasn't thinking. I should have showered, shaved, and dressed in asuit before I came out to tell you that you were making enough noise to raise the dead.
Ravi Ranjan Goswami, LOVE & LUST|Suddenly, no one, including me, was in Guescheste anymore; they weren't in Miami or Cuba; they weren't in the present, or the future, but floating somewhre in the formless, timeless space of memory.
Deyth Banger|Throughout his job ordeal, my father never complained. He remained an Iranian who loved his native country but who also believed in American ideals. He only said how sad it was that people so easily hate an entire population simply because of the actions of a few. And what a waste it is to hate, he always said. What a waste.
Matisyahu|It's definitely team work with my fashion career. The trick is to surround yourself with the best people, those whose opinions you really trust and value.
Natalie Jeremijenko|They claim this mother of ours, the Earth, for their own use, and fence their neighbors away from her, and deface her with their buildings and their refuse.
Walter Scott, Kenilworth|I pretend not to be a champion of that same naked virtue called truth, to the very outrance. I can consent that her charms be hidden with a veil, were it but for decency's sake.
Marilyn Brant, A Summer In Europe|For the rest, she grew used to the life that she was leading - used to the enormous sleepless nights, the cold, the dirt, the boredom, and the horrible communism of the Square. After a day or two she had ceased to feel even a flicker of surprise at her situation. She had come, like everyone about her, to accept this monstrous existence almost as though it were normal. The dazed, witless feeling that she had known on the way to the hopfields had come back upon her more strongly than before. It is the common effect of sleeplessness and still more of exposure. To live continuously in the open air, never going under a roof for more than an hour or two, blurs your perceptions like a strong light glaring in your eyes or a noise drumming in your ears. You act and plan and suffer, and yet all the while it is as though everything were a little out of focus, a little unreal. The world, inner and outer, grows dimmer till it reaches almost the vagueness of a dream.
Charlie Close, Burning Embers and Other Stories of Marriage, Work, and Family|I looked up and she said, "You have to believe I did everything a reasonable person would do. Maybe I didn't reach my hands into toilet water, but I did everything else I could.
Ethan Allen|Ever since I arrived to a state of manhood, I have felt a sincere passion for liberty. The history of nations doomed to perpetual slavery, in consequence of yielding up to tyrants their natural born liberties, I read with a sort of philosophical horror; so that the first systematical and bloody attempt at Lexington, to enslave America, thoroughly electrified my mind, and fully determined me to take part with my country.
Katherine Fleet, The Secret to Letting Go|In the ensuing silence, I have the time to contemplate the word cute – how dismissive it is, how it’s the equivalent of calling someone little, how it makes a person into a baby, how the word is a neon sign burning through the dark reading, “Feel Bad About Yourself.
Jerzy Grotowski|In a world that loves lies, truth is subject to the greatest libels.
Shirley A. Moore, You Are So You!: The Path to Uplifting Hearts|How can one fall in love? For me, love can only be uplifting...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Redesign, renew, and recharge your brand.” Decide what value you bring to others and give it.
Puline Fisk|The poor lads called and called, but they were grown and had forgotten the best places to hide.
Charles Taylor, Multiculturalism|[M]y discovering my own identity doesn't mean that I work it out in isolation, but that I negotiate it through dialogue, partly overt, partly internal, with others.
Deyth Banger|Our honour is that we make the law to violate and break it, and we stay to do that.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Curiosity is the beginning of knowledge, but understanding is the beginning of wisdom.
RSCruz|It's like people care more about their pride than about what's correct, about the truth.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And I thought about how many people have loved those songs. And how many people got through a lot of bad times because of those songs. And how many people enjoyed good times with those songs. And how much those songs really mean. I think it would be great to have written one of those songs. I bet if I wrote one of them, I would be very proud. I hope the people who wrote those songs are happy. I hope they feel it's enough. I really do because they've made me happy. And I'm only one person.
Bradley Cooper|If you deprive yourself of outsourcing and your competitors do not, you're putting yourself out of business.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I have no idea why, but I'm grinning back at her. This temperamental, wild creature in front of me who has the nerve to put me in my place.
Elizabeth Fox Brewer, The Hunger for Home: The Map of My Journey, with Space for Yours|Out of the abundance of the imagination rises the beast called worry and it is soon joined by its partners, anxiety and stress. If you would care to do away with all three at once, simply change your imagination.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Reality is that which exists; the unreal does not exist; the unreal is merely that negation of existence which is the content of a human consciousness when it attempts to abandon reason. Truth is the recognition of reality; reason, man’s only means of knowledge, is his only standard of truth.
Alin Sav|If you are number 2 or 3 and you are ok with that, then you are ready to be number one and everybody is ok with that.
Unarine Ramaru|As a Priest got a calling to preach, you also got a calling to do whatever you do, so do it with passion and only God can stop your calling.
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|Let us talk about oxymoron, common sense, for instance.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Much more. We're joined at the heart.""Bad luck for you, I'm afraid. My ticker's pretty wonky.""Too much boozing."His eyes twinkled, and he drew me close. "Not enough kissling.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Paul's one thing was committing to forget about the past, to forge ahead into the future.
Kare Anderson, Moving From Me to We|My TV show enraged people. I had prostitutes on, and I treated them like real people.... I was fired from Maclean's after I wrote a piece called 'Let's Stop Hoaxing The Kids About Sex'. Now I'm the 'beloved author,' the 'beloved historian of Canada,' an icon. I get standing ovations.... I never set out to be a patriot or a popular historian. I just liked storytelling. [interview promoting Marching as to War (2002)]
Akuku Mach Pep|She kept the wish to herself, as she should have, and simply blew out the candle.I clapped and whistled and then dove into my own cupcake, dying to know how my creations tasted. And seeing as I’d done the hard work—frosting and decorating—I felt like I could take credit and call them my creations. All Cassie had done was get the ingredients, come up with the recipe, and do all the measuring and mixing.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|By setting such strong, harsh dichotomies God taught Israel that any assimilation to pagan idolatry is intolerable. It was His way of preserving Israel’s spiritual health and posterity. God knew that if these Canaanite children were allowed to live, they would spell the undoing of Israel. The killing of the Canaanite children not only served to prevent assimilation to Canaanite identity but also served as a shattering, tangible illustration of Israel’s being set exclusively apart for God.
Felix Alexander, The Last Valentine|I do not care about power and wealth, father. I want to marry for love.”“You want to marry for love?” The elder Valentino scoffed. “Que mierda. Marrying for love is like adding extra picante to your meal. It may seem like a good idea at the time, but your stomach will curse you for it with ulcers in the end.
Helen MacInnes, Decision at Delphi|Americans by the very nature of the soft fat they collected around their brains along with all of their comforts, their total ignorance of historical meanings, their delusion that anarchists were either comic little men plotting nothings in a dark cellar or misunderstood cranks--how could Americans be taken seriously in a world of real politics?
Angeline M. Bishop|Writting turns you into somebody who's always wrong. The illusion that you may get ir right someday is the perversity that draws you on. What else could? As pathological phenomena go, it doesn't completely wreck your life.
Jenna Morasca|We have to nurture our young women and understand the beauty and the strength of being a woman. It's kind of a catch-22: Strength in women isn't appreciated, and vulnerability in women isn't appreciated. It's like, 'What the hell do you do?' What you do is you don't allow anyone to dictate who you are.
Thomas Merton, Thoughts in Solitude|If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit.
Krishna Saagar|Difference is the essence of humanity. Difference is an accident of birth, and it should therefore never be the source of hatred or conflict. Therein lies a most fundamental principle of peace: respect for diversity.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|My father ran London Films. He made films like 'The Red Shoes,' 'The Third Man.' And he had had a long career in the film business, which was bifurcated with a career in intelligence. He had to deal with gangsters, and sometimes he would take me with him. Also, I went to school with their children.
Terry Pratchett|I had more energy at 50. On the other hand, at 75, I've probably got a little more wisdom and good judgment than I had at 50 because I've got more experience. But I haven't really changed. I'm still driven by the same philosophy.
Glen Keane|When Walt became all wrapped up in the theme parks and live-action films, we tried to get him interested in animation again," recalls Frank Thomas, one of the Studio's "Nine Old
Rush Limbaugh|We can't let people down when they can't get any medical care, when they're sick and don't have money to go to a doctor. You help them.
Matthew A Rodriguez|beauty is beyond comprehension, beyond nature, it lies within the mind of a soul so divine as if it was created to divide the line between night and day.
Angie karan|By coming from our Soul, we are in the fullness of our being― This is the “garden” from which we grow
David W. Earle|When you journey inwardly exploring yourself, a sense of personal trust begins.
Diana Lopez|My message, especially to young people is to have courage to think differently, courage to invent, to travel the unexplored path, courage to discover the impossible and to conquer the problems and succeed. These are great qualities that they must work towards. This is my message to the young people.
Dale Carnegie|Cynicism masquerades as wisdom, but it is the furthest thing from it. Because cynics don't learn anything. Because cynicism is a self-imposed blindness: a rejection of the world because we are afraid it will hurt us or disappoint us. Cynics always say 'no.' But saying 'yes' begins things. Saying 'yes' is how things grow.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|A short while ago I foolishly thought I could learn everything - all the knowledge in the world. Now I hope only to be able to know of its existence, and to understand one grain of it.
Jacob Wren, Rich and Poor|I think I'll accept the challenge to battle. I can choose the terms, right? And I don't have the faintest idea how to 'prevent' a revolution. Besides, as far as I know, revolutions can get out of hand. Remember the German revolution, with the guillotine?"Derna smirked. "German revolution? Guillotine? The guillotine was used in the French revolution. Nice try, little brother.""I'm actually impressed he knew what a guillotine was," commented Armen, deadpan.I glared at the two of them. Typical big sisters. They'd just ruined my chance to show off my knowledge.
Redd Foxx|Turkey was fantastic, Turkey was, like, mystical and such a special place. Just unique, something that's really hard to describe, such beauty, those mountains and the stone is kind of, eroded? Special erosion which makes what you see just something that seems, it's been made for a movie, it's like something out of fantasy, except it's real.
Mathematician Vitthal Jadhav|The ‘seriousness’ of a mathematical theorem lies, not in its practical consequences, which are usually negligible, but in the significance of the mathematical ideas which it connects. We may say, roughly, that a mathematical idea is ‘significant’ if it can be connected, in a natural and illuminating way, with a large complex of other mathematical ideas. Thus a serious mathematical theorem, a theorem which connects significant ideas, is likely to lead to important advances in mathematics itself and even in other sciences.
Dorothy Allison|My family of friends has kept me alive through lovers who have left, enterprises that have failed, and all too many stories that never got finished. That family has been part of remaking the world for me.
Carolyn Mackler, Vegan, Virgin, Valentine|The one thing I do remember is that as I retraced my steps through all the familiar streets of my life, Inow felt completely lost.
Orson Scott Card|You take a step, then another. That’s the journey. But to take a step with your eyes open is not a journey at all, it’s a remaking of your own mind.
A.S. Byatt, The Children's Book|The children mingled with the adults, and spoke and were spoken to. Children in these families, at the end of the nineteenth century, were different from children before or after. They were neither dolls nor miniature adults. They were not hidden away in nurseries, but present at family meals, where their developing characters were taken seriously and rationally discussed, over supper or during long country walks. And yet, at the same time, the children in this world had their own separate, largely independent lives, as children. They roamed the woods and fields, built hiding-places and climbed trees, hunted, fished, rode ponies and bicycles, with no other company than that of other children.
Jay M. Feinman|The law is so complex and voluminousthat no one, not even the most knowledgeable lawyer, can understand itall. Moreover, lawyers and legal scholars have not gone out of their wayto make the law accessible to the ordinary person. Just the opposite: Legalprofessionals, like the priests of some obscure religion, too often try tokeep the law mysterious and inaccessible.
Eric Ries|It is critical that kids start to learn the value of money, short-term and long-term saving and budgeting at an early age.
Yeonmi Park, In Order to Live: A North Korean Girl's Journey to Freedom|I could not feel, smell, see, hear, or taste the world around me. If I had allowed myself to experience these things in all their intensity, I might have lost my mind. If I had allowed myself to cry, I might never have been able to stop. So I survived, but I never felt joy, never felt safe.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|I peeled the skin off a grape in slippery little triangles, and I understood then that I would be undressing every item of food I could because my clothes would be staying on.
Anaximander|The Earth is cylindrical, three times as wide as it is deep, and only the upper part is inhabited. But this Earth is isolated in space, and the sky is a complete sphere in the center of which is located, unsupported, our cylinder, the Earth, situated at an equal distance from all the points of the sky.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|I never thought it would be easy to serve God," she said. "I just didn't think it would be this hard.
Eloise Jarvis McGraw, Mara, Daughter of the Nile|Blue-Eyed One, never again shall you cover your shoulders. I declare your scars to be medals of gallantry great than any I could bestow, and it is my will that all the Black Land look upon them, and learn the nature of courage.
Diana Palmer, Carrera's Bride|You can't always keep your loved ones with you. You can't always settle your life in one place. The world was made to change. But as long as you cherish the memories and make new ones along on the way, no matter where you are, you'll always be at home.
Charbel Tadros|When you decide to remove the word “failure” from your dictionary, it is definitely time for you to re-evaluate your definition of the word “success”. Those who found success without going through failures never found true success, only delusions.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Your daughter, your sister. She is salt to the sea,
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|You can’t wake up one day and suddenly become a leader. You first discover that specific thing God created you for, develop it into something specific that the world will need, and then you have already leading started leading.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today an educated, civilized society is turning its face while thousands of unborn babies are being killed. God Himself, if not history, will judge this greater holocaust.
Rachel Sklar|I think some people are good at being alone, and some people aren't, and as a child, I really liked it.
Tahereh Mafi|Beautiful enough to lure in prey, he said. Strong enough to clamp down and destroy, he said.
|Once your mind is in the right positive state, it would become impossible for you to go astray in life. But importantly, you have to let God stay on the lead.
E.M. Bounds, Necessity of Prayer|Obedience is love, fulfilling every command, love expressing itself. Obedience, therefore, is not a hard demand made upon us, any more than is the service a husband renders his wife, or a wife renders her husband. Love delights to obey, and please whom it loves. There are no hardships in love. There may be exactions, but no irk. There are no impossible tasks for love.With what simplicity and in what a matter-of-fact way does the apostle John say: 'And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his commandments, and do those things which are pleasing in his sight.
Molly Anne Marie|Greatness is not found in power, it is not found in money, it is not found in the ability to conquer. Greatness is found in humility, in compassion, and in the ability to think outside oneself.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|It was not courage, exactly; the object was not valor. Rather, they were too frightened to be cowards.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Before you diagnose any sickness, make sure there is no sickness in the mind or heart. For the emotions in a man's moon or sun, can point to the sickness in any one of his other parts.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Shirtless, they’d stretch out in the long grass and take the healing brunt of a noontime sun that gave no clue of the thunderheads it already, in secret, had begun to breed.
Richie Norton|A wave has a right to live her life as a wave, but she must also learn to live her life as water because she is not only a wave. She is also water. And water lives without the fear carried by the wave.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Are you quite sure that you want to hear it?" he asked. "Sometimes, Maria, a story that one hears starts one off doing things that one would not have had to do if one had not heard it.
Yuhta Nishio, After Hours, Vol. 1|Don't worry, I won't abandon you. I promise.
Beth Ann Fennelly, Unmentionables: Poems|She reads his poems gratefully in her small Mississippi town. It's an undramatic life, yet these past months she seems to have found the intensity he yearns for, This also sounds like bragging, though she doesn't mean it to. If she could, she'd let him bear her secret. She'd let all great men bear it, for s few hours. Then, when she too it back, they'd remember how it feels to be inhabited.
Chris Hedges|What is at work in this report is the reduction of language to code. Cliches, coined by the state, become the only acceptable vocabulary. Everyone knows what to say and how to respond. It is scripted. Vocabulary shrinks so that the tyranny of nationalist rhetoric leaves people sputtering state-sanctioned slogans.
Sunday Adelaja|You never know when someone will come into your life and change things, for good or bad, let them in. They don’t have to always stay but, human interaction is the pinnacle of life’s lessons.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|I am sure you would not understand if I told you my father is delightfully clear and selfish, tender and lying, formal and incurable. He exhausts all the loves given to him. If I did not leave his house at night to warm myself in Rango's burning hands I would die at my task, arid and barren, sapless, while my father monologues about his past, and I yawn yawn yawn...
Édouard Levé|Your suicide makes the lives of those who outlive you more intense. Should they be threatened by boredom, or tshould the absurdity of their lives leap out at them from the curve of some cruel mirror, let them remember you, and the pain of existence will seem preferable to the disquietude of no longer being.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Jesus never concealed the fact that his religion included a demand as well as an offer. Indeed, the demand was as total as the offer was free. If he offered men his salvation, he also demanded their submission. He gave no encouragement whatever to thoughtless applicants for discipleship. He brought no pressure to bear on any inquirer. He sent irresponsible enthusiasts away empty. Luke tells of three men who either volunteered, or were invited, to follow Jesus; but no one passed the Lord’s test. The rich young ruler, too, moral, earnest and attractive, who wanted eternal life on his own terms, went away sorrowful, with his riches intact but with neither life nor Christ as his possession…The Christian landscape is strewn with the wreckage of derelict, half built towers—the ruins of those who began to build and were unable to finish. For thousands of people still ignore Christ’s warning and undertake to follow him without first pausing to reflect on the cost of doing so. The result is the great scandal of Christendom today, so called “nominal Christianity.” In countries to which Christian civilization has spread, large numbers of people have covered themselves with a decent, but thin, veneer of Christianity. They have allowed themselves to become somewhat involved, enough to be respectable but not enough to be uncomfortable. Their religion is a great, soft cushion. It protects them from the hard unpleasantness of life, while changing its place and shape to suit their convenience. No wonder the cynics speak of hypocrites in the church and dismiss religion as escapism…The message of Jesus was very different. He never lowered his standards or modified his conditions to make his call more readily acceptable. He asked his first disciples, and he has asked every disciple since, to give him their thoughtful and total commitment. Nothing less than this will do
Robert Uttaro, To the Survivors: One Man's Journey as a Rape Crisis Counselor with True Stories of Sexual Violence|But no matter how much evil I see, I think it’s important for everyone to understand that there is much more light than darkness.
Jeanne McElvaney, Time Slipping|In busy days, we might lose track of what brings us holiday joy, but our spirit holds the answers. Look for what makes you smile! Notice the small wonders! Embrace what lightens your heart! Choose play when it's offered! Listen to the whispers of your spirit and respond!
Kallypso Masters, Nobody's Hero|I know you want to fuck me. And I know you wish you didn’t. So how about we compromise and you can sit here and say, ‘No, Nora,’ ‘Don’t, Nora,’ ‘Stop, Nora,’ and I’ll ignore all those protests and slide right down on your cock anyway? And I’ll do it because no and don’t and stop aren’t your safe word. So you can finally get fucked and still sleep like a baby in your big lonely bed tonight feeling all clean and shiny and virginal because, after all, you did say ‘no’ and that awful Nora Sutherlin just wouldn’t listen.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|How do you handle, your time and God's time? Does it mean that God can tell lies or that He doesn't know what He is telling you? Can God deceive a man? My answer to you is NO!But what happens if your time and His time doesn't agree?My bible says in Galatians 6:9 do not be weary in doing good; for in due season you shall reap, if you faint not.
Cora Carmack, All Lined Up|Walking to the net, I'm certain that I've lost to the better man, the Everest of the next generation. I pity the young players who will have to contend with him. I feel for the man who is fated to play Agassi to his Sampras. Though I don't mention Pete by name, I have him uppermost in my mind when I tell reporters: It's real simple. Most people have weaknesses. Federer has none.
Bill Bryson, I'm a Stranger Here Myself: Notes on Returning to America after Twenty Years Away|Often, your mentors are already in your life; you just haven’t yet found a way to learn from them.
Maha|We danced forever, and not nearly long enough. Now that I faced him, I could touch him, too, rather than self-consciously drip through his fingers. I explored his back, fingertips discovering ridges of his spine, muscles, a place below his left shoulder blade that made him writhe, as if struggling not to laugh. I tickled him again, devouring the sensation of his chest against my cheek.
David Wojnarowicz, The Waterfront Journals|To know your way round a library is to master the whole of culture, i.e. the whole world.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|War could bond men like a magnet, but like a magnet it could repel them, too. The things they saw, the things they did. Sometimes they just wanted to forget.
Jillian Michaels|Abstract sympathy with the working class as an economic entity is easy, but the feeling can vanish on contact with actual members of the group, who often arrive with disturbing beliefs and powerful resentments - who might not sound or look like people urban progressives want to know.
Samuel Johnson|If language had been the creation, not of poetry, but of logic, we should only have one.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|After all, the sanitation and the agriculture of today are still in the rudimentary stage. The science of our time has attacked but a little department of the field of human disease, but even so, it spreads its operations very steadily and persistently. Our agriculture and horticulture destroy a weed just here and there and cultivate perhaps a score or so of wholesome plants, leaving the greater number to fight out a balance as they can. We improve our favourite plants and animals--and how few they are--gradually by selective breeding; now a new and better peach, now a seedless grape, now a sweeter and larger flower, now a more convenient breed of cattle. We improve them gradually, because our ideals are vague and tentative, and our knowledge is very limited; because Nature, too, is shy and slow in our clumsy hands. Some day all this will be better organized, and still better. That is the drift of the current in spite of the eddies.
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|I know what it felt . . . like when I . . . thought you were dead, and-" A small gasp for breath, and her eyes locked on his. "And I wouldn't do that to you." Her bosom fell and her eyes closed.It was a long moment before he could speak."Thank ye, Sassenach," he whispered, and held her small, cold hand between his own and watched her breathe until the moon rose.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Definitions are vital starting points for the imagination. What we cannot imagine cannot come into being. A good definition marks our starting point and lets us know where we want to end up. As we move toward our desired destination we chart the journey, creating a map. We need a map to guide us on our journey to love--starting with the place where we know what we mean when we speak of love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Yesterday says, “Forget me, but learn from me.” Today says, “Embrace me, yet utilize me.”Tomorrow says, “Anticipate me, then prepare for me.
Monica Drake, Clown Girl|Frickin' hit me with the speeding car, now. Take away my intense craving to force myself against him and taste his lips.
Graham Spaid|Oh, those hateful sods will never make it to Heaven. They’re all on an express elevator to the gay spit-roast dungeon in Hell. Within five minutes of kicking the bucket, they’ll have demon balls swollen with fiery spunk slapping off their shapeless chins.
Michael Ots, What Kind Of God?: Responding To 10 Popular Accusations| It was a precept of Pythagoras, that when we enter into the temple to worship God , we must not so much as speak or think of any worldly business, lest we make God's service an idle ,perfunctory, and lazy recreation. The same I may say of closet prayer.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|The foraging for food and water, the struggle for life in a world without masters, housed in a body that man had made dependent on himself.
Toni Sorenson|Being impeccable is not going against yourself. When you are impeccable, you take responsibility for your actions but you do not judge or blame yourself.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|Heart, we will forget him!You and I, to-night!You may forget the warmth he gave,I will forget the light.When you have done, pray tell me,That I my thoughts may dim;Haste! lest while you’re lagging,I may remember him!
J.C. Cooper|Next to the dragon, and connected with it, water is the most frequently used symbol in Taosim. It is the strength in apparent weakness, the fluidity of life, an also symbolic of the state of coolness of judgment, acceptance and passionlessness, as opposed to the heat of argument, the friction of opposition, and the emotion of desire. Water fertilizes, refreshes and purifies and it is symbolic of gentle persuasion in government of the state and the individual. It occupies the lowest position, yet is the most powerful of forces. The highest goodness in like water.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|I also need to prepare myself for the inevitability of utter boredom: Very often, single people don't do shit. They do nothing, all night long. They sit in a recliner and watch TV. I've probably watched more television than anyone you've ever met, and I don't even own one. Terrible shows, good shows, Golf tournaments in Cancun. C-SPAN. Hours of Oprah. Law and Order. Lonely people love Law and Order, for whatever reason. They prefer the straight narratives. p60
Susanna Kaysen|He had discovered that there was not just one God but many, and some were more than cruel — they were insane, and that changed all. Cruelty, after all, was understandable. With insanity, however, there was no arguing.
Jeet Thayil, Narcopolis|Man, the living creature, the creating individual, is always more important than any established style or system.
Julian Baggini|Today the function of the artist is to bring imagination to science and science to imagination, where they meet, in the myth.
Henry Rollins|My role in society, or any artist's or poet's role, is to try and express what we all feel. Not to tell people how to feel. Not as a preacher, not as a leader, but as a reflection of us all.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I trust God that through all life changes , He is in control.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Confessions|The universality of reason is a momentous realization, because it defines a place for morality. If I appeal to you do do something that affects me—to get off my foot, or not to stab me for the fun of it, or to save my child from drowning—then I can't do it in a way that privileges my interests of yours if I want you to take me seriously (say, by retaining my right to stand on your foot, or to stab you, or to let your children drown). I have to state my case in a way that would force me to treat you in kind. I can't act as if my interests are special just because I'm me and you're not, any more than I can persuade you that the spot I am standing on is a special place in the universe just because I happen to be standing on it.You and I ought to reach this moral understanding not just so we can have a logically consistent conversation but because mutual unselfishness is the only way we can simultaneously pursue our interests. You and I are both better off if we share our surpluses, rescue each other's children when they get into trouble, and refrain from knifing each other than we would be if we hoarded our surpluses while they rotted, let each other's children drown, and feuded incessantly. Granted, I might be a bit better off if I acted selfishly at your expense and you played the sucker, but the same is true for you with me, so if each of us tried for these advantages, we'd both end up worse off. Any neutral observer, and you and I if we could talk it over rationally, would have to conclude that the state we should aim for is the one where we both are unselfish.Morality, then, is not a set of arbitrary regulations dictated by a vengeful deity and written down in a book; nor is it the custom of a particular culture or tribe. It is a consequence of the interchangeability of perspectives and the opportunity the world provides for positive-sum games.
Ellen Hopkins, Tilt|...The lies we tell, and let ourselves believe, in the name of love.The first thing you should know is that everyone lies. The second thing is that it matters.
Ann Marie Frohoff|You can't make a fan of everyone. Stay true to your story, characters, music, art or whatever it is you do and fuck everyone else who doesn't like it. Life isn't perfect.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|If there was an elephant in the supermarket, she'd either not see it at all, or call it Mrs Jones and talk about fishcakes.
Eva Vertes|In my own life, I decided to leave meat off my plate in medical school, but was a bit slow to realise that dairy products and eggs are not health foods either.
Katie Reus, Dangerous Protector|She blinked at him, mouth open. "Do you really think it's wise to insult a woman who's holdin' a needle this far away? - she held her fingers an inch apart - "From your Grand Master of Ceremonies?
Avina Celeste|If you love to do something, what is stopping you from doing it? Make the time. Show your passion. Shine on.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Or maybe that’s what it’s all about: this religion’s substance is its lack of substance. In McLuhanesque terms, the medium is the message. Some people might find that cool.”“McLuhanesque?”“Hey, look, even I read a book now and then,” Ayumi protested. “McLuhan was ahead of his time. He was so popular for a while that people tend not to take him seriously, but what he had to say was right.”“In other words, the package itself is the contents. Is that it?”“Exactly. The characteristics of the package determine the nature of the contents, not the other way around.
The Prolific Penman|I Don't Write Because God Gives Me A Fresh Word Everyday, I write Because of The Words He Has Already Spoken Yesterday That Changed Today.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|This message God was communicating to mankind, this Gospel of Jesus, was a message to the heart as much as to the head, that the methodology was as important as the message itself, that the message could not be presented accurately outside of the emotions within which these truths were embedded.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|Word by word, the language of women so often begins with a whisper.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|The philosophy of poetry must acknowledge that the poetic act has no past, at least no recent past, in which its preparation and appearance could be followed.
Owen Gingerich, The Book Nobody Read: Chasing the Revolutions of Nicolaus Copernicus|There's so much proscription in the lives of young people, and it's so vital to have a place that says, look, here are the doors onto the world and amazingly, you're free to choose any one you like. - Patrick Ness on Libraries
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Had the love been permanent, there won’t have been divorces after love marriages. Had the love been everlasting, there won’t have been bad blood in the family.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|And many prefer not to exercise their imaginations at all. They choose to remain comfortably within the bounds of their own experience, never troubling to wonder how it would feel to have been born other than they are. They can refuse to hear screams or to peer inside cages; they can close their minds and hearts to any suffering that does not touch them personally; they can refuse to know.
Barbara Barrington Jones|Many of us seem to live our lives looking for happiness. That is not always a bad thing, but it can be if we continually believe that happiness is someplace else and not in the present.
Roy T. Bennett|Patience, more than the ability to bear pains or endure waiting, is to be calm no matter what happens – constantly take action to turn it to positive growth opportunities – and have faith to believe that it will all work out in the end while you are waiting.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Can't release her? The air caught in my chest, hardened, and refused to move. There was a good chance I wasn't making it out of this basement. The craziest thing I had ever done was ride some insane roller coaster at Cedar Point--and now that seemed like no big deal. I'd never been out of the country. Never played with my unborn niece.Never made amends with my parents and sister since our continued fighting began almost eight months earlier.
Justin Scott, The Shipkiller|You can do everything right, strictly according to procedure, on the ocean, and it'll still kill you, but if you're a good navigator, at least you'll know where you were when you died.(In "The Nautical Chart" by Arturo Perez-Reverte)
Jainar Berliana|I love you Abang, so what? That is a human right. The fact that you do not love me, it is also human right. Abang ngga salah, tapi aku juga ngga salah, kan?
J.G. Ballard|If poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world, science fiction writers are its court jesters. We are Wise Fools who can leap, caper, utter prophecies, and scratch ourselves in public. We can play with Big Ideas because the garish motley of our pulp origins make us seem harmless.
William Shakespeare|...it was another year or two before I discovered that drat and draft were different words. During that same period I remember believing that details were dentals and that a bitch was an extremely tall woman. A son of a bitch was apt to be a basketball player. When you're six, most of your Bingo balls are still floating around in the draw-tank" (27-8).
Sunday Adelaja|We did not receive this destiny by ourselves, God has chosen it for us
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|I couldn't forgive him or like him, but I saw that what he had done was, to him, entirely justified.
Amadeo Bordiga|Most every charge you level at American capitalism applies with equal force to communism, with this nice difference, that the Reds make no pretense at such frivolities as civil liberties or environmentalism. The differences in degree are so great that they result in a radical difference in kind.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|A great number isn’t bad though, but doesn’t take numbers to change the world.
J.R.R. Tolkien|A King will have his way in his own hall, be it folly or wisdom.
Kevin Abdulrahman, The Book on What Ever You're Into: These Are the 52 Timeless Winning Truths You Need to Know to Have a Chance at Winning|The biggest game you will ever play is the game in your mind. Master your mind, master your world.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Every separate economic agent maintains a stock of money that corresponds to the extent and intensity with which he is able to express his demand for it in the market. If the objective exchange-value of all the stocks of money in the world could be instantaneously and in equal proportion increased or decreased, if all at once the money-prices of all goods and services could rise or fall uniformly, the relative wealth of individual economic agents would not be affected. Subsequent monetary calculation would be in larger or smaller figures; that is all.
Leo Tolstoy, Sebastopol in December|Let fear once get possession of the soul, and it does not readily yield its place to another sentiment.Sebastopol by Leo Tolstoy
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Ambition had a price, and that price was friendship.
Stacey Ballis, Off the Menu|It was wonderful how food brought men of different classes and kinds together, from the old to the young, from workers to their superiors.
Brandon Sanderson, Perfect State|A person needed to experience real danger or they would never find joy in excelling. There had to be a risk of failure, the chance to die.
Debasish Mridha|I wish for you a goodnight of sleep, sweet dreams, and a smiling morning.
Hugh Ross|If you look around the world, the countries with the best environmental practices are the wealthiest. There's a reason for that. If you're worried about where your next meal is going to come from or shelter over your head, your focus is on those things.
Karen Finerman|The great medical facilities are a relief for the parents, too, who don't have to think about caring for their young ones on their own for a weekend. They have a great time.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to use our love as a currency to buy the peace, peace will be there.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|There is truth, my boy. But the doctrine you desire, absolute, perfect dogma that alone provides wisdom, does not exist. Nor should you long for a perfect doctrine, my friend. Rather, you should long for the perfection of yourself. The deity is within you, not in ideas and books. Truth is lived, not taught.
Norman Borlaug|Okra is the closest thing to nylon I've ever eaten. It's like they bred cotton with a green bean. Okra, tastes like snot. The more you cook it, the more it turns into string.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|It [being very rich] used to worry me, and I thought it wrong to have so many beautiful things when others had nothing. Now I realize that it is possible for the rich to sin by coveting the privileges of the poor. The poor have always been the favourites of God and his saints, but I believe that is is one of the special achievements of Grace to sanctify the whole of life, riches included.
Jean-Claude Van Damme|I've studied pathological liars, and anything they say, they believe, and that's one of the reasons they're so convincing, because they have no connection with the truth. It's a dead issue. It's like they're color-blind to the truth. So anything that comes out of their mouths is their reality.
Sherry Thomas, The Burning Sky|The prince set her down and dismissed his valet. The latter left with a bow and closed the door. Leaning against the wall, the prince pulled off his stockings. As he walked toward the amethyst tub, he yanked his shirt over his head.He was lean and tightly sinewed. Her little bird heart thudded.He glanced at her, his lips curved in not quite a smile. The next thing she knew, his shirt had flown through the air and landed on the cage, blocking her view toward the bathtub.“Sorry, sweetheart. I am shy.”She chirped indignantly. It was not as if she would have continued to watch him disrobe beyond a certain point.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|Theodore had an apparently inexhaustible fund of knowledge about everything, but he imparted this knowledge with a sort of meticulous diffidence that made you feel he was not so much teaching you something new, as reminding you of something which you were already aware of, but which had, for some reason or other, slipped your mind.
Caroline Kepnes, You|I love you" begins by I, but it ends up by you. ("Je t'aime" commence par Je, - Mais il finit par toi.)
Steve Maraboli|Junk is in the eyes of the beholder. Some look, but others see.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Before you cut down the tree, think of the birds that take refuge on it
Marianne Williamson|Man is never always happy, and very often only a brief period of happiness is granted him in this world; so why escape from this dream which cannot last long?
J.S. Mills|State can become threat to individual life, cause of individual liberty.
Aristophanes, The Knights|To win the people, always cook them some savoury that pleases them.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There might be a deceptive tendency to believe that a life born into a world of plenty should be better, more really a life than one which consists in a struggle against scarcity.
Cyndi Goodgame, Orion|The irony of what we define as a mistake can and will sometimes return to you as a redefined destiny that life sends your way without any of your own free will and choice in what happens. It just happens. Something in me changed in that one tell-tale moment. And for some strange reason, I knew there wasn’t a way of going back.
Jason Statham|Unless you burst into movies as a sex goddess, you're likely to play wives and mothers. I came into movies as a teenager in 'They Shoot Horses, Don't They' (1969) playing a pregnant waif from the Ozarks. I didn't get a chance to burst into movies in 'Body Heat.' My career isn't based on having a 23-inch waist and a big bust, though I do.
Guillaume Apollinaire, Zone|Hélène, her eyes once more raised and remote, was deep in a dream. She was Lady Rowena, she was in love, with the deep peaceful passion of a noble soul. This spring morning, the loveliness of the great city, the first wallflowers scenting her lap, had little by little melted her heart.
J.K. Rowling|The Death Eaters were waiting for us,” Harry told her. “We were surrounded the moment we took off — they knew it was tonight — I don’t know what happened to anyone else, four of them chased us, it was all we could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with us —”He could hear the self-justifying note in his voice, the plea for her to understand why he did not know what had happened to her sons, but —“Thank goodness you’re all right,” she said, pulling him into a hug he did not feel he deserved.“Haven’t go’ any brandy, have yeh, Molly?” asked Hagrid a little shakily. “Fer medicinal purposes?”She could have summoned it by magic, but as she hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew that she wanted to hide her face.
Christian Bobin|A painter is someone who wipes the windowpane between the world and us with light, with a rag made of light, soaked in silence.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He was the kind of man I wanted: wild, hot, horny, and losing control. And it all pointed back to me, about how much I felt in control of him, with the power of my body.I felt so in control of him; it was dizzying, and intoxicating.
pavankumar nagaraj|I felt significantly insignificant, as if my presence in the world, albeit small, was still necessary.
Allen Ginsberg|They find me odd, and whisper behind hands…And my brutal desires sink hooks into their lips…
Claiborne Pell|Somehow I kept my head above water. I relied on the discipline, character, and strength that I had started to develop as that little girl in her first swimming pool.
|It is very wise to spend some quiet time alone getting to know your true positive self better, far before you start to surround yourself with people.
Brock Yates|Back in the mid-1970s, we adopted some fairly ambitious goals to improve efficiency of our cars. What did we get? We got a tremendous boost in efficiency.
J.M. Colail|Nah, Mike’s gonna stop by. He had to work late and he workswith this really cute chick and I just know he….” Alycia folded her armson her chest and pouted. “She better be a blonde bimbo with a huge rackand no personality if he’s gonna cheat on me.
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|I have loved you from the moment I heard your voice. Thank you for coming here, and being my Christmas miracle.
Fay Weldon, Moon Over Minneapolis|Why had no one told me that my body would become a battlefield, a sacrifice, a test? Why did I not know that birth is the pinnacle where women discover the courage to become mothers? But of course there is no way to tell this or to hear it. Until you are the woman on the bricks, you have no idea how death stands in the corner, ready to play his part. Until you are the woman on the bricks, you do not know the power that rises from other women-even strangers speaking an unknown tongue, invoking the names of unfamiliar goddesses.
Israelmore Ayivor|Procrastination and excuses are sour spices that spoil the sweet taste of an effective work. They must hence, not be prompted under desire, partly because they are strictly time-stripping and also because they have no known essence.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Salvation: to see each thing for what it is— its nature and its purpose.To do only what is right, say only what is true, without holding back.What else could it be but to live life fully— to pay out goodnesslike the rings of a chain, without the slightest gap.
David Mitchell|If nothing had any meaning, you would be right. But there is something that still has a meaning.
Bertrand Russell|When someone uses Philosophy as an indispensable tool for tackling Theology and knows no other way for approaching that scripture-related Science, then you must have already figured out by now that he is a gentile who is standing right before you.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|To tell you the truth, I've just been avoiding everything. I walk around the school hallways and look at the people. I look at the teachers and wonder why they're here. If they like their jobs. Or us. And I wonder how smart they were when they were fifteen. Not in a mea way. In a curious way. it's like looking at all the students and wondering who's had their heart broken that da, and how they are able to cope with having three quizzes and a book report on top of that. or wondering who did the heart breaking. And wondering why. Especially since I know that if they went to another school, the person who had their heart broken would have had their heart broken by somebody else, so why does it have to be so personal? And if I went to another school, I would never have known Sam or Patrick or Mary Elizabeth or anyone except my family. (Pg 142)
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Writing is a way not only to metabolize life but to alchemize it as well. It is a way to transform what happens to us in our own experience. It is a way to move from passive to active. We may still be the victims of circumstance, but by our understanding those circumstances we place events within the ongoing context of our own life, that is, the life we "own".
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|I wouldn't ask too much of her,' I ventured. 'You can't change the past.''Can't change the past?' he cried incredulously. 'Why of course you can!
Norman Doidge, The Brain That Changes Itself: Stories of Personal Triumph from the Frontiers of Brain Science|The day-to-day grind of adult life brings with it a tedium that weighs heavily on our powers of attention. The same experiences, at the same time and place, day in and day out, breed a familiarity that blunts our senses.
Elbert Hubbard|And if small businesspeople say they made it on their own, all they are saying is that nobody else worked seven days a week in their place. Nobody showed up in their place to open the door at five in the morning. Nobody did their thinking, and worrying, and sweating for them.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|I am two women: one wants to have all the joy, passion and adventure that life can give me. The other wants to be a slave to routine, to family life, to the things that can be planned and achieved. I'm a housewife and a prostitute, both of us living in the same body and doing battle with each other.
Donna Lynn Hope|To do more, is not necessarily to do better.
Mary Roach, Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex|The paper does not provide the exact number of penises eaten by ducks, but the author says there have been enough over the years to prompt the coining of a popular saying: 'I better get home or the ducks will have something to eat.
Neil Gaiman|The high domed ceiling put me in mind of a skull, a brain, a mind. What did that make us, the readers?
Markus Gabriel, Why the World Does Not Exist|When, at a closer glance, so many objects are questionable, when all knowledge seems to be clothed in a kind of deep unknowing, why do we still place any trust at all in reality as it appears to us, in the world in which we seem to live?
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you like the plant that does not bloomand carries in itself, hidden, the light of those flowers,
Voltaire, Candide: or, Optimism|… What about the main thing in life, all its riddles? If you want, I'll spell it out for you right now. Do not pursue what is illusionary -property and position: all that is gained at the expense of your nerves decade after decade, and is confiscated in one fell night. Live with a steady superiority over life -don't be afraid of misfortune, and do not yearn for happiness; it is, after all, all the same: the bitter doesn't last forever, and the sweet never fills the cup to overflowing. It is enough if you don't freeze in the cold and if thirst and hunger don't claw at your insides. If your back isn't broken, if your feet can walk, if both arms can bend, if both eyes can see, if both ears hear, then whom should you envy? And why? Our envy of others devours us most of all. Rub your eyes and purify your heart -and prize above all else in the world those who love you and who wish you well. Do not hurt them or scold them, and never part from any of them in anger; after all, you simply do not know: it may be your last act before your arrest, and that will be how you are imprinted on their memory.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|Life is a balance of hanging on and letting go.In the moment, shut down the mind and let intuition give you the answer. Have no regrets.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|In certain situations, manifesting anger is the right attitude; in others it is not the right thing to manifest because it will only add to the violence. In the first case, anger unblocks the conflict and causes another to become more conscious. In the latter, it only adds to the unconsciousness and inflames the conflict. (73)
Randi Weingarten|When I graduated from high school, the teacher said I was throwing my life away following music, and the same teacher invited me back to speak at the school. I don't say that to brag, I just want to be an example.
Sunday Adelaja|Everyone thinks it goes smoothly in everyone else’s house, and theirs is the only place that has problems. I’ll let you in on a secret about teaching: there is no place in the world where it rolls along smoothly without problems. Only in articles and books can that happen.
Preeti Simran Sethi, Bread, Wine, Chocolate: The Slow Loss of Foods We Love|No matter where you live, you have the memory of something you used to eat that is no longer a part of your diet - something your grandmother used to make, something a small shop used to carry. Something we have lost. This extinction is a process; it happens one meal at a time.
Abraham Maslow|'Pressure' is a word that is misused in our vocabulary. When you start thinking of pressure, it's because you've started to think of failure.
Fukuoka, Floodplain Risk Management: Proceedings of an International Workshop, Hiroshima, 11-13 November 1996|Never allow rude and toxic peoples to rule on your head, remember its your life and you're the owner of it.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|All continuous suffering, is self inflicted.
Betty MacDonald|"Glamour" is assurance. It is a kind of knowing that you are all right in every way  mentally and physically and in appearance  and that  whatever the occasion or the situation  you are equal to it.
Charles Baudelaire, Flowers of Evil and Other Works/Les Fleurs du Mal et Oeuvres Choisies : A Dual-Language Book (Dover Foreign Language Study Guides)|Thanks be to God, Who gives us sufferingas sacred remedy for all our sins,that best and purest essence which preparesthe strong in spirit for divine delights!
Deyth Banger|Everything is art and it's part of the painting. (To talk with somebody it's art, to understand a language is art, to understand a book is art, to understand somebody is art...)
Franz Kafka, The Castle|Wake ... wake up ... stand up,opportunity does not wait for the lazy
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|The Bible may, indeed does, contain a warrant for trafficking in humans, for ethnic cleansing, for slavery, for bride-price, and for indiscriminate massacre, but we are not bound by any of it because it was put together by crude, uncultured human mammals.
David A. Ansell, County: Life, Death and Politics at Chicago's Public Hospital|Although I have always rejected this fear of the other, and the racism that it inevitably fuels, I have learned from experience that it is a deeply rooted need in the human psyche. at the slightest provocation we will put distance between ourselves and those we cannot or do not want to understand
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|Mothers cowered over their small children, defenceless as their backs blossomed with red lines or swords were sunk into their flesh to reach the young ones they hid.
David W. Earle|We may train ourselves to be adaptable as possible, to respond appropriately in each situation, but the ideal of controlling the outcome or steering events as they occur must be relinquished. Chaos rules it all.
Susan Sontag, Illness as Metaphor & AIDS and Its Metaphors|A large part of the popularity and persuasiveness of psychology comes from its being a sublimated spiritualism: a secular, ostensibly scientific way of affirming the primacy of spirit over matter.
Nalini Singh, Tangle of Need|I don't need their understanding, but my daughter will--and I hope the minds of her peers are wide open with vibrant hues of passion. i hope they paint the world with color.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When a great moment arises, it is great to be right there!
Darynda Jones|Death is almost never timely, even for the old.
Jenny  Lawson, Let's Pretend This Never Happened: A Mostly True Memoir|Arabella dangled her legs out of the bedroom window and closed her eyes. She felt a butterfly brush against her knee, rubbed her skin against the mortar and bricks, drank in the warmth of the morning sunshine on her face, her arms her feet.
Israelmore Ayivor|When I was young, I thought it was thunder that kills people. But when I learnt physics in St. Paul's High School, I discovered that it is rather the lightning that does the killing. The voice of the thunder itself is just a noise. The lightning is the poise. I learnt to take the course of my life, not by violence but rather with intelligence.
Sophocles, The Complete Greek Tragedies|TEIRESIAS: Alas, how terrible is wisdom whenit brings no profit to the man that's wise!This I knew well, but had forgotten it,else I would not have come here.
Jason Mraz|Last weekend a young man asked me how I remain so positive. “It seems all the negativity in the world doesn’t affect you,” he said. I had no more than a minute with the young man so I offered this: It’s all about where you choose to put your attention, and I choose to be happy.
Paul Mooney|My stories are very somber, so I think I need the comic ingredient. Besides, life has so much humor.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Pierre had for the first time experienced that strange and fascinating feeling in the Slobodsky palace, when he suddenly felt that wealth and power and life, all that men build up and guard with such effort ,is only worth anything through the joy with which it can all be cast away.
Ellie Kemper|Growing up, I had one very specific idea of what a wedding should be, and that was the wedding of Fraeulein Maria and Captain von Trapp in 'The Sound of Music.'
Claude Lévi-Strauss, Tristes Tropiques|From time to time, too, and for the space of two or three paces, an image or an echo would rise up from the recesses of time: in the little streets of the beaters of silver and gold, for instance, there was a clear, unhurried tinkling, as if a djinn with a thousand arms was absent-mindedly practising on a xylophone.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The mind of man works with strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented by the timepiece of the mind by one second. This extraordinary discrepancy between time on the clock and time in the mind is less known than it should be, and deserves fuller investigation.
Karen Tyrrell, Me and Her: a Memoir Of Madness|Most German perpetrators were never punished or rewarded for their behavior, but they had learned something about themselves. They know what they did or didn't do in the most morally fraught moment of their lives. They have seen themselves in extreme circumstances and, in that, they have seen their own extremes.
Ben Lerner, 10:04|There were the usual exhortations to purity – think of the novel not as your opportunity to get rich or famous but to wrestle, in your own way, with the titans of the form – exhortations poets don’t have to make, given the economic marginality of the art, an economic marginality that soon all literature will share.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|At crossroad, God is our guide post. He points the right path.
Nafisa Haji, The Sweetness of Tears|I shall have to go. But-" and here Frodo looked hard at Sam- "if you really care about me, you will have to keep that DEAD secret. See? If you don't, if you even breathe a word of what you've heard here, then I hope Gandalf will turn you into a spotted toad and fill the garden full of grass snakes." Sam fell on his knees, trembling. "Get up, Sam!" Said Gandalf. "I have thought of something better than that. Something to keep you quiet, and punish you properly for listening. You shall go away with Mr. Frodo!"  "Me, sir!" cried Sam, springing up like a dog invited for a walk. "Me go and see Elves and all! Hooray!" he shouted, and then burst into tears.
Miranda Cosgrove|I think in friendship, you want to be there for your friend, and sometimes you just don't know what to do or the relationship you have with them is not clear enough for you to know what to do.
Junnita Jackson|I write books, bitch!
Nelson Algren, A Walk on the Wild Side|Tom's cowardice was as huge as his courage, as it must be in great men.
H. Midorikawa|Dear books, please take me to the places where my feet can't take me.
Zbigniew Herbert, The Collected Prose, 1948-1998|You can be a good painter if you study Cézanne's vision. Whoever dares to copy Van Gogh falls inevitably into the hell of imitators. For this painter didn't care about masterpieces, or even good paintings... but about what is beyond all painting, all art.
Cher Lloyd|I pray to be a good servant to God, a father, a husband, a son, a friend, a brother, an uncle, a good neighbor, a good leader to those who look up to me, a good follower to those who are serving God and doing the right thing.
Wallace Wang|I used to work at the unemployment office. I hated it, because when they fired me, I had to show up to work anyway.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|If the Times gave readers far more news, then Lippmann at the Trib made the world seem far more understandable.
Rhonda Byrne, The Magic|Memories make you sentimental, experiences make you smart.
Cassandra Clare, What Really Happened in Peru|When I was a girl . . . I imagined that life was individual, one's own affair; that the events happening in the world outside were important enough in their own way, but were personally quite irrelevant. Now, like the rest of my generation, I have had to learn again and again the terrible truth . . . that no life is really private, or isolated, or self-sufficient. People's lives were entirely their own, perhaps--and more justifiably--when the world seemed enormous, and all its comings and goings were slow and deliberate. But this is so no longer, and never will be again, since man's inventions have eliminated so much of distance and time; for better, for worse, we are now each of us part of the surge and swell of great economic and political movements, and whatever we do, as individuals or as nations, deeply affects everyone else.
Timur Vermes, Er ist wieder da|You can forget Stalin,” he said, pledging his allegiance. “We’re not the History Channel.
Calvin Coolidge|If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
Molly Friedenfeld|The substance of every true and stable political organism is something resembling an Order, a Männerbünd in charge of the principle of the imperium, comprising men who see loyalty as the basis of their honor.
Doreen Valiente|Human beings by their very nature are worshipers. Worship is not something we do; it defines who we are. You cannot divide human beings into those who worship and those who don’t. Everybody worships; it’s just a matter of what, or whom, we serve.
Ray Bradbury, Now and Forever|This drama was based on the true story of Constance Jeanne Sammarco, who, in 2012, was a 62-year-old, senior Caucasian teacher who was employed at Fairmont Heights High School, a 99% African American public school. She was charged with teacher incompetence by her Principal, Nakia Nicholson, who was an African American, and took leadership of the school when she was 35- years- old. In 2014, the 99% African American School Board of Prince George’s County in Maryland, officially fired Constance Jeanne Sammarco, an advanced placement teacher, and declared her an incompetent teacher.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|You again,” she said, and she did not sound happy.“I know,” the warrior replied with a heartfelt sigh. “You’re so lucky to see me twice in one day. You’re honored by my presence, yada, yada, heard it all before. Let’s just move on, shall we. I don’t handle fawning very well.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|We have to choose every day to be active participants. To wake up in the morning and choose this life and make something of it is an incredible thing. Not many living creatures have that option. We have so many opportunities and options - it's a huge burden, but it's also the most freeing part of our lives.
Nate Berkus|Apart from photography and music videos, I also do graphic design.
Ramsey Campbell, Alone With the Horrors: The Great Short Fiction, 1961-1991|He was six years old this time, and ancient.
Erin McCarthy, High Stakes|I was shaking when our lips parted and he leaned his forehead against mine, his fingers carding through my hair, my hands on his face. "I won't let them," Rafael said. "I won't let anyone take you away. I'll protect you. I'll always protect you. I don't care how. I just will.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Seedy wasn't a fair description for the place, because seeds imply eventual regrowth and renewal.
Robin Trower|He put a ring in the toe of a stocking. On Christmas Eve, we opened our stockings and it was there at the bottom of the toe. Then he got down on his knees and he was shaking.
Amit Kalantri|You can not have empty or neutral mind, as long as you work the mind will contain dreams, if you stop working it will contain regrets.
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|What do you know of sacrifice? Need I tell you of York's dead . . . of Sandal Castle? My brother did survive the battle, his first. He was seventeen and he entreated them to spare his life. They cut his throat. Their heads were then impaled on York's Micklegate Bar to please the House of Lancaster, to please a harlot and a madman. She had my father's head crowned with straw and she left a spike between the two. . . . That one, she said, was for York's other son.
Roy Orbison|Samsa looked down in dismay at his naked body. How ill-formed it was! Worse than ill-formed. It possessed no means of self-defense. Smooth white skin (covered by only a perfunctory amount of hair) with fragile blue blood vessels visible through it; a soft, unprotected belly; ludicrous, impossibly shaped genitals; gangly arms and legs (just two of each!); a scrawny, breakable neck; an enormous, misshapen head with a tangle of stiff hair on its crown; two absurd ears, jutting out like a pair of seashells. Was this thing really him? Could a body so preposterous, so easy to destroy (no shell for protection, no weapons for attack), survive in the world?
Meir Kahane|When you work alone, you need to socialize at some level.
Debbie Stabenow|I feel like that I'm learning all the time. I'm learning from new artists, from established artists... every time I listen to '70s rock 'n' roll records, I'm learning. And I think that I'm just now starting to get a hold on what I do.
Christopher Buckley|Change will come slowly, across generations, because old beliefs die hard even when demonstrably false.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|He rose up over her, intending to enter he when she suddenly sat up and shoved at his shoulders. He fell onto his back with a grunt. Shara was on all fours, her hair tousled, as she crawled toward him.In all his millennia of life, he had never seen anything so sexy. His cock twitched, and her gaze lowered to his engorged arousal.
Hazrat Inayat Khan, Mastery through Accomplishment|Hespe's mouth went firm. She didn't scowl exactly, but it looked like she was getting all the pieces of a scowl together in one place, just in case she needed them in a hurry.
Shraddha Kapoor|When you're younger, you're trying to understand and make sense of what your parents are trying to instill in you, which is ultimately life experience. I remember being 17 and my dad trying to teach me the importance of responsibility.
Cathlin Shahriary, Ianthe|Hang onto your humanity with all you have. Cherish it. Remember, you are the one in control of your destiny and don’t let anyone else tell you otherwise.
Steve Knox|Great mentors don't solve your problems, they guide you to make your best decision and encourage you to take personal ownership of the next steps for success.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|Last night, in silent hours - where the gentle sea touched our skin - I have found the love of your thinking.
Bijou Hunter, Train Wreck|POPPY: 25 December 2016 POPPY (standing up to Paul): You see family life as respecting boundaries and saying what makes people happy and treating everyone like they’re treasured but only in a sanitized way. I see family life as invading everyone’s privacy and saying whatever I feel and treating everyone as they’re treasured because they’re my family and thus special as compared to the rest of the world. I see a good family as loud and frantic and intrusive...He fits me, and I don’t want to change. Not for you or anyone. I’m deeply in love with myself, and Emmett respects that...“I’m not her (Christine). I don’t have a dream to fix animal boo-boos. Loving Emmett and living close to my family are the only dreams I see as worth having.
Zaha Hadid|One of the few luxuries left is travel. And the aspect of travel that is luxurious is not the movement, but the being there.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Wildlife Education" When I was a kid, the only woodland creature I knew of was the squirrel. I guess that's why no one believed me when I told them a squirrel just ate two of my friends.
Paracelsus|Travel stories teach geography; insect stories lead the child into natural science; and so on. The teacher, in short, can use reading to introduce her pupils to the most varied subjects; and the moment they have been thus started, they can go on to any limit guided by the single passion for reading.
René Descartes, Discourse on Method and Meditations on First Philosophy|Teach the ignorant as much as you can. Society is to blame for not giving free education: it is responsible for the darkness it creates. the soul in darkness sins, but the real sinner is he who caused the darkness
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|...I told him a story of two people. Two people who shouldn't have met, and who didn't like each other much when they did, but who found they were the only two people in the world who could possibly have understood each other.
Deyth Banger, It's not a happy|I feel sorry and for the both characters the drama for the girl, which was unknown was one very big, for the father who knows what has happened to him... I try to explore him little deeper, but so far to go in the darker without a light...!?
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|When you have a dream and are committed to achieving it, your life takes on new meaning. By unfolding a dream, you discover what makes you happy and brings you joy.
Donna Brazile|As great as Ed is, the wisdom out here is that he can't carry a movie. They'll pay him $3 million to be the second banana in Julia Roberts things. But they won't put up $3 million for an Ed Harris movie.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|It was a question of insurmountable proportions. A single word that held every fear he had ever had-and every wish he had ever made on those cursed stars. She needn't say more. In a single syllable, she had said more than he wanted to hear in an entire lifetime.
Jim Butcher, Side Jobs: Stories from the Dresden Files|Strong-willed heart, always makes me feel so touched. It reminds me about some 'fall and rise again' in my life.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|My blood was boiling, which is not a good thing for a coldblood.Dracula was dead. Rex was dying or dead.Breakfast was dying. And I was caring about it all. Meanwhile, that blasted Gunnar did nothing but sit and stare at his teevee all day. He was the reason we were all here, the reason we were suffering and dying, and he barely noticed us.I hissed so hard it hurt.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home|What was and what may be lie, like children whose faces we cannot see, in the arms of silence. All we have is here, now.
Olivia Parker, To Wed a Wicked Earl|He did not blame them. Because in truth, that's what he did, what he was. Seduce and dominate. Charm and manipulate. A user of women. How they would scoff, Rothbury mused bitterly, if they knew that he was secretly in love with the silly little chit, spectacles and all.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Messengers often come when you struggle with a decision, need support or are trying to find your balance. They can come as animals like coyote and lizard appeared for Kate and for me. They can be spirit guides, angels, family members, ancestors and friends. A messenger can even be me! Many of them you will not notice because you are too preoccupied to see them. There may come a time, however, when you might sense the millions of angels too small to be witnessed, like fairies that live in the curve of a leaf or who sleep under the tiniest rose petal.
John Bunyan|We learned to be patient observers like the owl. We learned cleverness from the crow, and courage from the jay, who will attack an owl ten times its size to drive it off its territory. But above all of them ranked the chickadee because of its indomitable spirit.
Ben Carson|If you hear how wonderful you are often enough, you begin to believe it, no matter how you try to resist it.
Winston S. Churchill|They want us dead,' said Bond calmly. 'So we have to stay alive.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|I have spent much of my adult life trying to figure out how to experience holiness, and now I know that the struggle to figure things out is antithetical to the experience. You simply relax into holiness the way you would a warm bath.
Daniel Alexander Brackins, Private Property, Law, and the State|As a man is said to have a right to his property, he may be equally said to have a property in his rights.
Dante Aligherie, The Inferno|Heaven is all around you. You just can’t see us because we are vibrating at a higher level than you are. It’s kind of like a dog whistle. There is a noise, a pitch so high that the human ear cannot detect it but it is there nonetheless, for don’t you see all the dogs come running!When we cross Rainbow Bridge we become only love and love is the highest level of vibration; the highest “pitch” so to speak. This is why you cannot see us. We are here, only gone from your sight until one day you are the same vibration as we are. When you vibrate in love all the time you will not have to ask again if I am here, you will know that I am here with you.
Michael Lewis, The Undoing Project: A Friendship that Changed the World|Listen to your heart, not your head.
Hermann Hesse, Wer lieben kann, ist glücklich. Über die Liebe|When you like someone, you like them in spite of their faults. When you love someone, you love them with their faults.
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|The uncomfortable, as well as the miraculous, fact about the human mind is how it varies from individual to individual. The process of treatment can therefore be long and complicated. Finding the right balance of drugs, whether lithium salts, anti-psychotics, SSRIs or other kinds of treatment can be a very hit or miss heuristic process requiring great patience and classy, caring doctoring. Some patients would rather reject the chemical path and look for ways of using diet, exercise and talk-therapy. For some the condition is so bad that ECT is indicated. One of my best friends regularly goes to a clinic for doses of electroconvulsive therapy, a treatment looked on by many as a kind of horrific torture that isn’t even understood by those who administer it. This friend of mine is just about one of the most intelligent people I have ever met and she says, “I know. It ought to be wrong. But it works. It makes me feel better. I sometimes forget my own name, but it makes me happier. It’s the only thing that works.” For her. Lord knows, I’m not a doctor, and I don’t understand the brain or the mind anything like enough to presume to judge or know better than any other semi-informed individual, but if it works for her…. well then, it works for her. Which is not to say that it will work for you, for me or for others.
Tariq Ramadan|A hypocrite despises those whom he deceives, but has no respect for himself. He would make a dupe of himself too, if he could.
Alden Bell, The Reapers are the Angels|A hound will die for you, but never lie to you.
Elizabeth Rodriguez|I think there's not much patience for organized labour, period, public or private sector.
RVM|A problem-free life does not exist. If your life has no problems, you are not truly alive, and that’s a Big problem!
Alexander Hamilton|Ninety eight percent of the adults in this country are decent, hardworking, honest Americans. It's the other lousy two percent that get all the publicity. But then, we elected them.
Elise Kova, The Alchemists of Loom|In our quest for the answers of life we tend to make order out of chaos, and chaos out of order.
Debasish Mridha|The desire to win a war is expensive, but the desire to win with wisdom is wise.
Theodore Dreiser|The true meaning of money yet remains to be popularly explained and comprehended. When each individual realises for himself that this thing primarily stands for and should only be accepted as a moral due - that it should be paid out as honestly stored energy, and not as a usurped privilege - many of our social, religious, and political troubles will have permanently passed. As for Carrie, her understanding of the moral significance of money was the popular understanding, nothing more. The old definition: 'Money: something everybody else has and I must get,' would have expressed her understanding of it thoroughly. Some of it she now held in her hand - two soft, green ten-dollar bills - and she felt that she was immensely better off for the having of them. It was something that was power in itself. One of her order of mind would have been content to be cast away upon a desert island with a bundle of money, and only the long strain of starvation would have taught her that in some cases it could have no value. Even then she would have had no conception of the relative value of the thing; her one thought would, undoubtedly, have concerned the pity of having so much power and the inability to use it.
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|So, what...in the meantime, you just...” He glanced at her then back at the road. “Deny yourself?”Em gave a half smile at the incredulity in his voice. Clearly it was a foreign concept to him. “It’s okay. I have a battery operated boyfriend awaiting my attention when I get home.”He shot her a quick, open-mouthed stare, his lips parted enticingly. He looked so stunned at her admission she couldn’t help but laugh.“Sorry, didn’t you know that women did that, too? Did I shock you?”“Not at all.” He recovered quickly, a big smile splitting his profile. “I’m just trying to decide which is sexier. Self-denial or self-abuse.
David G. McAfee, Disproving Christianity and Other Secular Writings|Morals do exist outside of organized religion, and the ‘morality’ taught by many of these archaic systems is often outdated, sexist, racist, and teaches intolerance and inequality. When a parent forces a child into a religion, the parent is effectively handicapping his or her own offspring by limiting the abilities of the child to question the world around him or her and make informed decisions. Children raised under these conditions will mature believing that their religion is the only correct one, and, in the case of Christianity, they will believe that all who doubt their religion’s validity will suffer eternal damnation. This environment is one that often breeds hate, ignorance, and ‘justified’ violence.
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|We are all powerless to heal ourselves. Research shows that self-help statements have been found to be ineffective and even harmful by making some people with low self-esteem feel even worse about themselves in the long term.39 As a matter of fact, positive self-statements frequently end up reinforcing and strengthening one’s original negative self-perception they were trying to change.
Dick Gregory|A mother was thinking of how to keep her naughty child in line she tried using the boogey man it didn't work ... she thought and thought then said "the Politician is going to get you" and he was never naughty again
Carter Dickson, The Cavalier's Cup|Put it in terms of the not-too-serious, if you like. Who got into that locked room? And how was it done? And why should the cup have been moved again? We're up against the essential detective problems of who, how, and why. Simply because there was no murder or near-murder, does that make the mystery one bit less baffling?
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Before child labor laws, there were businesses that treated their ten-year-old employees well. society didn’t ban child labor because it’s impossible to imagine children working in a good environment, but because when you give that much power to businesses over powerless individuals, it’s corrupting. When we walk around thinking we have a greater right to eat an animal than the animal has a right to live without suffering, it’s corrupting.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Temujin nodded. He had every intention to do his bit in the battle, like his mother.
Ana Claudia Antunes|Michael Palin : "I am sorry to interrupt you there Dennis, but he's crossed it out. Thomas Hardy here on the first day of his new novel has crossed out the only word he has written so far and he is gazing off into space. Ohh! Oh dear he's signed his name again."Graham Chapman: "It looks like Tess of the D'Urbervilles all over again."- Matching Tie and Handkerchief, "Novel Writing
Sunday Adelaja|You are perfectly right in making some slight alteration. Indeed, no woman should ever be quite accurate about her age. It looks so calculating.
Bootsy Collins|I love decorating my home. I'm a gardener too, so that's usually something I have to play catch up with.
Ramakrishna|The finite is annihilated in the presence of the infinite, and becomes a pure nothing. So our spirit before God, so our justice before divine justice.
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|When the light at Vernon turned green, we stepped into the street and George grabbed my hand and the ghosts of our younger selves crossed with us.
Dora Musielak|Mathematicians call it “the arithmetic of congruences.” You can think of it as clock arithmetic. Temporarily replace the 12 on a clock face with 0. The 12 hours of the clock now read 0, 1, 2, 3, … up to 11. If the time is eight o’clock, and you add 9 hours, what do you get? Well, you get five o’clock. So in this arithmetic, 8 + 9 = 5; or, as mathematicians say, 8 + 9 ≡ 5 (mod 12), pronounced “eight plus nine is congruent to five, modulo twelve.
David Hyde Pierce|Robert Walker as Bruno was excellent. He had elegance and humor, and the proper fondness for his mother.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden and Other Writings|I want to be the purveyor of a certain silhouette or a way of cutting, so that when I am dead and gone people will know that the twenty-first century was started by Alexander McQueen.
Nicholas Sparks|The love which moves the world, according to common Christian belief, is God's love and the love of God.
Lois Charles|The masks. that men have as faces, the outward shells they hold up for others to see while their minds shift in hidden directions" Discard 2
Sarah Brocious, The Awakening|I don’t want another to love you, Because I wanted you for myself. I've never stopped loving you. Never stopped wanting you. Every second of every day, my heart has always been yours.
Laura Lam, Shadowplay|So, what’s the issue with Unicorns?”“Imagine a cat,” Rose said. “Not just a cat, but a cat that is such a cat, other cats come to it for cat lessons. Take a thousand cats, refine them down to a single drop of pure essence of cat, and make a whole cat out of the stuff.”I shivered. “Ewww. And that’s a Unicorn?”“No,” she said. “That’s an Elf. A Unicorn is a thousand times worse. An Elf you can reason with.
Rachel Hawkins, Rebel Belle|You do love him," I said, and she swung her gaze back to me."I do." She smoothed her hand over her thighs, flattening imaginary wrinkles from the linen."Even though he's not your family."Saylor laughed, a surprisingly husky sound. "Don't you love people who aren't your family, Harper Jane?""Of course I do. But you love him for more than the whole Oracle thing. You love him because he's David.
Ameya Agrawal|...Human beings, little bags of thinking water held up briefly by fragile accumulations of calcium...
m.ralte|People say, 'It's hard to forgive...et al'. I think it's much harder to live peacefully. So, forgive and focus on living peacefully.
Mario Puzo The Sicilian|There is no humanity or charity in destroying self-reliance, dignity, and self-respect.
John Stoltenberg, Refusing to be a Man: Essays on Sex and Justice|They have sex. They do not have a sex. In their erotic lives, they are not required to act out their status in a category system—because there is no category system. There are no sexes to belong to, so sex between creatures is free to be between genuine individuals—not representatives of a category. They have sex. They do not have a sex.
Émile Zola, La Curée|There is no sin unless through a man's own will, and hence the reward when we do right things also of our own 
Kasie West, The Fill-In Boyfriend|Life shall surely show you different situations. Yes! the good and the bad situations of life shall come your way. We are definitely bound to meet the ups and downs of life. Sometimes, it may seem that all odds are against you and you may have the real reasons to leave in sorrow but, if all things leave you, never ever leave smile.
Pat Robbins|Everything, all those great things, had happened so far away--or so it seemed to [Mma Ramotswe] at the time. The world was made to sound as if it belonged to other people--to those who lived in distant countries that were so different from Botswana; that was before people had learned to assert that the world was theirs too, that what happened in Botswana was every bit as important, and valuable, as what happened anywhere else.
Samuel Johnson|Stories come to me in mysterious ways, more like dreams than reasoned creations.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Kiss|It is at the family fireside, often under the shelter of the law itself, that the real tragedies of life are acted; in these days traitors wear gloves, scoundrels cloak themselves in public esteem, and their victims die broken-hearted, but smiling to the last. What I have just related to you is almost an every-day occurrence; and yet you profess astonishment.
Raj|EVERYTHING IS POSSIBLE ! Your Dreams ! Your Ideas ! Your Inventions ! Your Vision ! Never let anyone tell you " You Can't
Victoria Sophia A.B.|Shake those stars from your hair, pretty Moonchild. It's time to dance with the noonday sun!
Shashi Tharoor|Fate gives all of us three teachers, three friends, three enemies, and three great loves in our lives. But these twelve are always disguised, and we can never know which one is which until we’ve loved them, left them, or fought them.
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|For associations to emerge healthy and strong, they must re-engage with their members around the heart-centered why of why they exist, leverage current leadership, and build future leadership while they integrate the balance of technology and face-to-face experiences.
Steven Pressfield|Success comes from doing the hard part. When the hard part is all you've got, you're more likely to do it.And this is precisely why it's difficult to focus. Because focusing means acknowledging that you just signed up for the hard part.
Douglas Brunt, Trophy Son|I just mean ... damn ... this might sound a bit crazy, but sometimes you can't help wondering if we don't take all this a bit too seriously. If we aren't putting too much pressure on the juniors. They're not really much more than ... kids."..."That depends what we want from the kids. And what the kids want from hockey.
Chris Lilley|I don't really have a type. I don't want to be a cliche. But personality is a big thing for me. You can find cute guys all over. But he's got to have some sort of sense of humor, which is so hard to find in a guy. He's got to be a bit smart.
Max Lucado|In the great orchestra we call life, you have an instrument and a song, and you owe it to God to play them both sublimely.
Steve Brouwer, Sharing the Pie : A Citizen's Guide to Wealth and Power|Darwin and Nietzsche were the common spiritual and intellectual source for the mean-spirited and bellicose ideological assault on progress, liberalism, and democracy that fired the late-nineteenth-century campaign to preserve or rejuvenate the traditional order. Presensitized for this retreat from modernity, prominent fin-de-siècle aesthetes, engages literati, polemical publicists, academic sociologists, and last but not least, conservative and reactionary politicians became both consumers and disseminators of the untried action-ideas.Oscar Wilde and Stefan George were perhaps most representative of the aristocratizing aesthetes whose rush into dandyism or retreat into cultural monasticism was part of the outburst against bourgeois philistinism and social levelling. Their yearning for a return to an aristocratic past and their aversion to the invasive democracy of their day were shared by Thomas Mann and Hugo von Hofmannsthal, whose nostalgia for the presumably superior sensibilities of a bygone cultivated society was part of their claim to privileged social space and position in the present. Although they were all of burgher or bourgeois descent, they extolled ultra-patrician values and poses, thereby reflecting and advancing the rediscovery and reaffirmation of the merits and necessities of elitism. Theirs was not simply an aesthetic and unpolitical posture precisely because they knowingly contributed to the exaltation of societal hierarchy at a time when this exaltation was being used to do battle against both liberty and equality. At any rate, they may be said to have condoned this partisan attack by not explicitly distancing themselves from it.Maurice Barrès, Paul Bourget, and Gabriele D'Annunzio were not nearly so self-effacing. They were not only conspicuous and active militants of antidemocratic elitism, but they meant their literary works to convert the reader to their strident persuasion. Their polemical statements and their novels promoted the cult of the superior self and nation, in which the Church performed the holy sacraments. Barrès, Bourget, and D'Annunzio were purposeful practitioners of the irruptive politics of nostalgia that called for the restoration of enlightened absolutism, hierarchical society. and elite culture in the energizing fires of war.
Elle Caruso, Il dizionario delle emozioni|Vorrei dirgli che possiamo venirci incontro, trovarci a metà strada, far scontrare i suoi timori con le mie disfunzionalità, intrecciare la mia instabilità con la sua, cercare di trovare un equilibrio tutto nostro.
Eric Hoffer, Reflections on the Human Condition|A woman's intuition is better than a man's. Nobody knows anything, really, you know, and a woman can guess a good deal nearer than a man.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|Hey, Lou?” he hums, casual as anything.“Hm?”“Wanna hear my poem?”Oh dear god. Seriously?Gritting his teeth to keep from laughing or grinning or falling over his own two feet, Louis arches an inquiring eyebrow, turning to meet Harry’s stare. Of course, the bastard is grinning, proud and loud and pleased.Harry blinks, slow enough that Louis briefly wonders if the planet’s begun to rotate slower, has maybe begun to rotate backwards, even. “It goes, ‘He likes me, too.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Bouncing on beds, I remember from childhood, is a great depression reliever.
Michael Johnston, In the Deep Heart's Core|There was a new simplicity to what I did, a door that had opened before me to worlds I had not imagined. From where I sat, if you watched carefully you could marvel at it, like the impossible birth of a cottonseed or the slow rise of a wooden house: the steady construction of a man, built brick by brick from the shadow of a boy.
John le Carré, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy|My second wife left me because she said I was too ambitious. She didn't realize that it is only the dying who are free from ambition. And they probably have the ambition to live. Some men disguise their ambition--that's all. I was in a position to help this young man my wife loved. He soon showed his ambition then. There are different types of ambition - that is all, and my wife found she preferred mine. Because it was limitless. They do not feel the infinite is an unworthy rival, but for a man to prefer the desk of an assistant manager - that is an insult.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Perhaps this is the purpose of all art, all writing, on the murders, fiction and non-fiction: Simply to participate.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If the amount of times we get up is just one less than the amount of times that we've been knocked down, then we're spending our lives lying down.
Tom Rath, Strengths Based Leadership: Great Leaders, Teams, and Why People Follow: A Landmark Study of Great Leaders, Teams, and the Reasons Why We Follow|Although individuals need not be well-rounded, teams should be.
Toni Morrison|I don't think a female running a house is a problem, a broken family. It's perceived as one because of the notion that a head is a man. 
S. Cameron Roach, The Scrolls of Udanadar|Since death is an inevitablility and life an uncertainty, it all comes down to how we live the precious moments of our lives. When all is said and done, when you are ready to slip peacefully from this world into the next, how do you want to be remembered?
Jesikah Sundin, Elements|When we are in a wrong environment, we feel so paranoid, yet unwilling to move out. There's no need for pussyfooting, we got to release our poisonous fluid and scream aloud, storming  out of the show like a radical.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|I'm sick of the ignorance that lack of funding has generated, of the fathers who apporach me at dinner parties with their four-year-old girls clasped to their pant legs and say, "Yeah, but studies say kids can buy drugs more easily than they can buy alcohol." To which I always respond, "I guess that means you keep heroin in your liquor cabinet?
Denis G. McLaughlin, The Leadership GPS: Your Turn by Turn Guide to Becoming a Successful Leader and Changing Lives Along the Way|Trying to influence another person without first establishing a relationship is like trying to boil water outside of a kettle. Trust, like the kettle, is the vessel in which all things work together to generate powerful action
Samantha Barks|An army environment is very protected, a walled city kind of environment, where everybody has the same income, you have the same birthday parties, you are given return gifts - everything is the same. Everybody is moving up at the same pace.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Father and Future Felon|If we reward our children for doing the right things, or discipline for intentionally doing the wrong things, then we might be viewed as doing the right thing. On the other hand, we (or parents) might not fully grasp the right thing—as the “right thing” becomes convoluted in the mix of the time and period, the latest “grand experiment”, and other influences of parenthood and childrearing.
Mark Langan, Busting Bad Guys|The one ring, to rule them all’? Sounds very far-fetched to me!
Ellen Goodman|To play a lawyer and have one year of law school under your belt, you sort of know what you're talking about! I'm able to memorize the legal courtroom stuff a lot faster than I would have been able to otherwise.
Kathryn V. White|My art is an act of creation and destruction, with all the sorrow and joy these engender as well as all the shadow and light these contain.
John Yang aka Private83|RACE CAREAnagram/Acronym: Respect, Accept & Coexist EthnicallyKamil Ali
Yalom D. Irvin, Schopenhauer A.|Most inherent beauties are hidden, as are precious stones in the rocks
George MacDonald Fraser, Flashman in the Great Game|I'm as religious as the next man - which is to say I'll keep in with the local parson for form's sake and read the lessons on feast-days because my tenants expect it, but I've never been fool enough to confuse religion with belief in God. That's where so many clergymen... go wrong
Christina Henry, Black Night|Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen
Jackie Kessler, Rage|Prove it. I'll measure your words against your actions, and from that I will determine your worth.
James Morris|I have a pretty good handle on my anxiety. I basically treat myself like a nervy horse: lots of exercise, lots of sleep, lots of interesting work to keep my mind occupied, and generally avoiding being ridden hard by strangers.
RVM|Life is not a puzzle to solve. Stop, Enjoy the Journey!-RVM
Matthew Sweet|There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do.
Katey Sagal, Grace Notes: My Recollections|Me, well, there is meaning to the work and things I've done. But I never started an exercise revolution. I never became controversial because of my political beliefs. I don't believe I've affected change on a grand scale. I think I made a contribution. I know I've made people laugh. Through characters I have played, I've certainly allowed people to access their own expression of sadness or remorse, anger or disappointment. I've always believed that being an actor is a great service job. And I am of service. But it's just a job. So much of the glitz and fame, I can't even remember. I have blank spots where spotlights have been. It's easier for me to remember the ordinary goings-on of my life, because that's what my life is most of the time. It's just a life. Mine, like yours, has moaned and groaned. Stretched and turned. Sometimes good, oftentimes bad. People up and gone, love found and thrown away. Many moments make up a life. I am surprised by how many of my fame moments are blank spots. The volume turned down. Fame wants to turn up the volume on everything. It wears me out and intrudes on my need for solitude.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Abiding does not mean sitting idly by. It means resting in the work, resting in the moment, resting in the truth, resting in the confidence that God is your provision.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Do not let fear and anger conquer you. You must conquer them. If you don’t, you give your enemy all power over you, and you will never overcome him. Anger uncontrolled flames up fast and hot, and even though you direct this fire at your foe, it is you it burns. Hamiel
Chris Mentillo|Forget about how old you are, and get busy.
Kyo Maclear, Stray Love|Honesty is the only way with anyone, when you’ll be so close as to be living inside each other’s skins.
Scott Westerfeld|You know,” I fold my arms over my chest. “You’re quite annoying, but I guess your company is better than no company.” Keegan presses his arm against the wall beside my head and smiles. His curly black hair stands out against his pale skin. The slightest bit of sunlight finds its way inside the patio, reflecting upon his icy green eyes. His light pink lips turn up in a smile. With his mouth closed, he is actually quite attractive.
Charles Bukowski, Women|When I was young I was depressed all the time. But suicide no longer seemed a possibility in my life. At my age there was very little left to kill. It was good to be old, no matter what they said. It was reasonable that a man had to be at least 50 years old before he could write with anything like clarity.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Win or lose, good or bad, the experience will change you.
Edgar A. Guest|The Gentle GardenerI'd like to leave but daffodils to mark my little way,To leave but tulips red and white behind me as I stray;I'd like to pass away from earth and feel I'd left behindBut roses and forget-me-nots for all who come to find.I'd like to sow the barren spots with all the flowers of earth,To leave a path where those who come should find but gentle mirth;And when at last I'm called upon to join the heavenly throngI'd like to feel along my way I'd left no sign of wrong.And yet the cares are many and the hours of toil are few;There is not time enough on earth for all I'd like to do;But, having lived and having toiled, I'd like the world to findSome little touch of beauty that my soul had left behind.
Jane Roberts|It wasn’t fair, he thought — Aaron having no family and Tamara having her scary family and now Jasper. Soon, there would be no one left for him to hate without feeling bad about it.
John Marmysz, Cinematic Nihilism: Encounters, Confrontations, Overcomings|Let me tell you something you already know. The world ain't all sunshine and rainbows . It's a very mean and nasty place, and I don't care how tough you are , it will beat you to your knees and keep you there permanently if you let it. You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard you hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward; how much you can take and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done! Now, if you know what you're worth, then go out and get what you're worth. But you gotta be willing to take the hits, and not pointing fingers saying you ain't where you wanna be because of him, or her, or anybody. Cowards do that and that ain't you. You're better than that.
Mary Haskell|Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to foresee you, only to discover you.
Teri Hall, The Line|The cat Horus shot out from under the table and headed for the door, his ears flattened and his tail straight out. There he encountered Abdullah, who had been waiting for us on the verandah and who had, I supposed, been alarmed by Emerson's shouts and hurried to discover what disaster had prompted them. The cat got entangled in Abdullah's skirts and a brief interval of staggering (by Abdullah), scratching (by Horus) and swearing (by both parties) ensued before Horus freed himself and departed. 
R- THE DON|We’re not making a world without greed, Jacob. We’re making a world where greed is a perversion. Where grabbing everything for yourself instead of sharing is like smearing yourself with shit: gross. Wrong. Our winning doesn’t mean you don’t get to be greedy. It means people will be ashamed for you, will pity you and want to distance themselves from you. You can be as greedy as you want, but no one will admire you for it.
Pamela Grim, Just Here Trying to Save a Few Lives: Tales of Life and Death from the ER|A BMS hears hoofbeats outside his window, the first thing he thinks of is a zebra
Alvin Conway, Sapientia: The 40 Principles of Wisdom|If nothing in life challenges us, we will remain unchallenged by life.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|They seek each other out, these people of such specific like mind. They tell of how they found the circus, how those first few steps were like magic.
Sharon Bolton, Dead Scared|Dear God, please help me to be the kind of person who my dogs think I am.
Kendrick Lamar|I've always had God, but now I want to go back to church for the sense of community and that feeling of positive thinking, a place where I can think about being a better person.
Brad Thor|We have equality of men and women in western society, whereas in Islamic culture, women are inferior to men.
Susanna Kearsley, The Winter Sea|It's fun to think about what kind of car you want to have. You compare specifications and customize everything your way. More importantly than the type of vehicle you want to get, is where you want to go with it. Where will this car take you if you were to have it today. Perhaps it's already yours. Now where will you drive tomorrow, next month, next year, for the rest of your life? Make your journey memorable by looking ahead into the distance. The distance is where we find our ultimate destination.
Howard Thurman|The years, the months, the days, and the hours have flown by my open window. Here and there an incident, a towering moment, a naked memory, an etched countenance, a whisper in the dark, a golden glow these and much more are the woven fabric of the time I have lived.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|You could fill a catalog with all you long for - for him to come back, for a do-over, for a different ending in which not only were you strong and said good-bye but he lived and made a success of his life and decades later you could look back together on your twenties and laugh at all your follies, for his voice on the other end of the phone call, for one more of those Albuquerque nights when it was easy to fall asleep knowing he was just in the next room.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|The glutton usually realizes that gout is ever ready to pounce, and that alcohol is bad for him. But possible disaster weighs light in the scale against certain pleasure.
Bikram Choudhury|Growing up in Southern California, it's all car culture. When I was a kid, I knew every single model of every single car dealer; I knew every style of every year.
Maha Al Fahim, Born a Gangster's Daughter: My Mother's Story|We human beings are at once delicate and intricate and temporal like the tulips in an April field and sturdy, resilient and enduring as Mt. Rainier when the will inspires us. We are individual miracles, those who live in vegetative states and those who wait with them
Olivia Sinaga|What we really need is only a heart of surrender & always trust what God has plan for our life. So we do our best, God shall take the rest. That's what I called FAITH.
Danny Wallace, Yes Man|Take the stupidest thing you've ever done. At least it's done. It's over. It's gone. We can all learn from our mistakes and heal and move on. But it's harder to learn or heal or move on from something that hasn't happened; something we don't know and is therefore indefinable; something which could very easily have been the best thing in our lives, if only we'd taken the plunge, if only we'd held our breath and stood up and done it, if only we'd said yes.
Tom Golway|The everyday actions of average citizens have a greater impact on society than any politician. Unfortunately politicians exert a disproportionate amount of influence on the actions of the average citizen. If we all use our own ability to positively influence the people around us, time will erode the negative impact of any politician.
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|. . . I'm not pretty, not close up anyway. Generally, the closer people get to me the less hot they find me.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|My viewpoint, in telling the history of the United States, is different: that we must not accept the memory of states as our own. Nations are not communities and never have been. The history of any country, presented as the history of a family, conceals fierce conflicts of interest (sometimes exploding, most often repressed) between conquerors and conquered, masters and slaves, capitalists and workers, dominators and dominated in race and sex. And in such a world of conflict, a world of victims and executioners, it is the job of thinking people, as Albert Camus suggested, not to be on the side of the executioners.
Adrian McKinty|I am really passionate about my career and my music and I am so lucky to be able to do what I do for a job, so for all the early morning starts and long days, I could never trade it all in.
Mark Buff|Yeah 220, 221 whatever it takes!" Michael Keaton character in "Mr. Mom
Karen M. McManus, One of Us Is Lying|Define yourself? Somebody who gets mad after facing a problem or somebody who works like mad to solve the problem? You need not answer it in words, your reaction to the problem will define who you actually are!
Brin-Jonathan Butler|It's great being a journalist, because our office is the world.
Shannon L. Alder|God is perceived by the heart, not by your reason. But what is reason? Your heart simplifying God’s guidance to fit your own needs.
Julian Barnes|Of course, there were other sorts of literature -- theoretical, self-referencial, lachrymosely autobiographical -- but they were just dry wanks.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|You don't get to Define me, only I can Define me, all I wish from you is to recognize my Definition.
Stephanie Danler, Sweetbitter|My father looked on in disbelief, overwhelmed that his son had been taught to eat glass and relish it.
Gary   Hopkins|People often associate complexity with deeper meaning, when often after precious time has been lost, it is realized that simplicity is the key to everything.
Jim Gaffigan|What shall you do all your vacation?’, asked Amy. "I shall lie abed and do nothing", replied Meg.
Tamara L. Chilver|The Truth: Doing it all is a misconception the enemy wants mothers to believe. Learn how to fully embrace the beauty of each season of your life. It is a gift from God. God's Word: Colossians 3:23-24-'Whatever you do, work at it with all your heart, as working for the Lord, not for human masters, since you know that you will receive an inheritance from the Lord as a reward. It is the Lord Christ you are serving.' Take a deep breath busy mom. You are doing a great job!
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|What's happening here?" This last bit was hissed to Ronan and Noah. "Noah took a personal day.""I lost..." Noah struggled for words. "There wasn't air. It went away. The - the line!""The ley line?" Gansey asked.Noah nodded once, a sloppy thing that was sort of a shrug at the same time. "There was nothing ... left for me." Releasing Ronan, he shook out his hands. "You're welcome, man," Ronan snarled. He still couldn't feel his toes."Thanks. I didn't mean to ... you were there. Oh, the glitter.""Yes," Ronan replied crossly. "The glitter.
Xiuhtezcatl Martinez, We Rise: The Earth Guardians Guide to Building a Movement that Restores the Planet|To engage in activism that envisions alternatives ways of organizing society and alternative ways of being is to risk membership in society, a sense of belonging, however partial it may be. Activism can make us vulnerable because it is so obviously about wanting something beyond what is, and to have a political desire often is construed as wanting too much.
Sarah Dessen|After all, it's all kinds of things that make up a life, right? The big, like falling in love and spending time with your family, and the little....like blow drying your hair, applying concealer, and cursing those magazine inserts. It all counts. It has to.
Diriye Osman, Fairytales for Lost Children|If you're reading this and you think that maybe you could love someone of the same gender (or nongender), all I have to say to you is this: Congratulations! You're perfect and wonderful and more alive than you ever knew. Be proud of who you are because you're already more than enough.
Warren Farrell|Every teenager deals in his or her own sexuality and has to face it and figure out how it can coincide with the rest of their lives in a healthy manner. And try to navigate it in our modern society, which is wrought with stigma and taboo and repression, and sort of as a result, these inner monsters that some teenagers really struggle with.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|In the end, the innate desire of all people for truth, justice, and human understanding must triumph over ignorance and despair.
Isaiah Hankel, Black Hole Focus: How Intelligent People Can Create a Powerful Purpose for Their Lives|If your story is not inspiring you, it’s time to change it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger is a certified destroyer, from its birth till now, it is yet to build a lasting legacy
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Prison madness is much the same! Insanity is plentiful in prisons. These days with the drug culture it’s not a lot of difference, as a lot of convicts make themselves psychotic and paranoid. Many end up killers, all over petty and minor problems. Where men would once squabble, fight and kill over a ½ oz of bacca they now do the same over a gram of white powder or a bag of brown!
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|The main goal of the regulatory policy has been to control the size of Mumbai by penalizing any new development, fearing that economic success would attract more people.’ Yes, we have deliberately planned for our cities to fail. That has been our intent. If they succeed, then more people would move there, ‘who would have to share an already deficient and immutable infrastructure’. Bertaud concludes: ‘This is a very pessimistic view of urban development.' An understatement, so classically French!
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|It really doesn't bother me," she said. "I've always thought it stupid to try to hide your age, or to pretend to be younger than you are. Denying your age is like denying your life.
Gemma Files, We Will All Go Down Together|Rhythm becoming thought, thought becoming memory; memory, which tends to shuck itself, to peel away. You get older, look back through a child's tunnel vision, and realize you never knew the whole that tied the details together. You were just along for the ride, moving from experience to experience, a flat spectacle, some kind of guideless tour. You remember--or think you remember--what happened, but not where, or why. What you did, but not with who. Details fade. People's names get lost in the white noise.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|Esther so badly wanted to save her father, to bring him back from the half death that had become his life. Every time he reminded her that he couldn’t be saved, Esther’s heart broke a little more.
Juliet Marillier, Daughter of the Forest|You know not, yet, the sort of love that strikes like a lightning bold; that clutches hold of you by the heart, as irrevocably as death; that becomes the lodestar by which you steer the rest of your life.
Suze Orman|You got to have a lot of courage. Secondly, whatever it is you're doing, you have to believe in it wholeheartedly. Thirdly, you have to be able to stand up in front of people and know that they'll laugh.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|Under her thick pancake makeup, her sin had been pockmarked, but he would stare at her adoringly from his cot at night and imagine her scars were constellations, a secret map to a far-off, happy place.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes|There is a danger there - a very real danger to humanity. Consider, Watson, that the material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives. The spiritual would not avoid the call to something higher. It would be the survival of the least fit. What sort of cesspool may not our poor world become?
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|some times it takes just one person to believe in you to make your dreams come true, But if you don't have the one person, Be the one person and believe in yourself
Eric Buffington, Stones of Power Book 1|You can't have all the answers now or you could never grow from making a choice. If you want to grow, you must face adversity and make decisions without having all the answers.
Shelly Crane, Altered|You know when you’re on a course that you know is the right one. You can’t explain it, you can’t define it, you don’t know how you got there or what all the obstacles will be, you just know the end result will be amazing and it will be worth it. That was the road I was on. Full speed ahead, no blinkers or turn signals, just cruise control.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books they write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest in beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You’ve got to get your team to not only understand your company brand, but also to understand their personal brand.
Russ Harris, ACT with Love: Stop Struggling, Reconcile Differences, and Strengthen Your Relationship with Acceptance and Commitment Therapy|Oh,” she breathed. “How silly I’ve been.”“How silly we’ve all been,” said another of the wives. “We shouldn’t be fighting each other. Our problems don’t lie in any of the relationships we have with each other.”“The problem is our entire social system,” chimed in another.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When somebody criticise you, be happy and thankful because they have given you an opportunity to think about the matter more precisely and more detailed!
Jay Woodman|I kill in my own time,” he said. “In any case, killing unconscious people isn’t right.”“I can’t think of a more opportune time,” said the Loremaster.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|Hail fellow well meet on the highway to madness. Madness is a small town very far away. Most of us, at some point, find we probably could walk there. Others have a road cave in and dump them there.
Jill Shalvis, Then Came You|I think you still love me,’ he says, ‘even though you don’t want to.’I glare at him, fury battling my instincts.‘Because that kind of love, Jessa,’ Kit continues, ‘doesn’t just disappear. It doesn’t just fade. I still love you. I’ll always love you. And I think you feel the same way about me. And hell, I know I don’t deserve it. I know all I deserve is your hatred. But if there’s a chance, a single chance that you might still love me, then I’m not going to throw it away. Because I’ve been through hell and you’re the only reason I’m still standing.’ He pauses. ‘So tell me the truth. Do you love him?
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|Math has proven the existence of God, because it is absolute and without contradiction; but the devil must exist as well, because we cannot prove it
David Suzuki|There's an unconscious bias in our society: girls are wonderful; boys are terrible. And to be a boy, or young man, growing up, having to listen to all this, it must be painful.
Panic! At the Disco|Someday we'll find it the rainbow connection, the lovers, the dreamers and me
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Genius, throughout history, has been found difficult to classify because it varies in amount: It's rare to find a genius in the context of the noun, but most people, if not all, have a bit of genius in them in the context of the adjective.
John Madden|I love films that make me react emotionally and physically when you walk out of the cinema. Two of my favorite films however have got to be 'The Tree Of Life' and 'The Piano Teacher,' which also stars one of my favourite actresses Isabelle Huppert.
Billy Collins|When news of the first plane's hitting the World Trade Center reached them, bin Laden's followers exploded with joy. But shrewder members of al-Qaeda and the Taliban leadership in Afghanistan realized that the attacks might not be the stunning victory that bin Laden, and many in the West, took them to be.
Victor Shamas, The Way of Play: Reclaiming Divine Fun & Celebration|When we 'lose ourselves' in play, we find something greater--the nameless, formless, and mysterious essence of all creation.
Tom Stoppard|Forget about being world famous, it's hard enough just getting the automatic doors at the supermarket to acknowledge our existence.
S.H. Kolee, Love Left Behind|We're practical and sensible but we're also dreamers. Don't forget that part of you. There's nothing wrong with being sensible, but dreams are what make you fly. And you're destined to touch the sky.
Demi Lovato|Do what makes you happy, and don't care what others think.
Karen Morley|There were some tragic cases of women whose love was abused, who for a certain time procured important documents or information, not knowing who for, what service they worked for, and for a variety reasons got jailed, were tried and sentenced.
Julie Burchill|But with Christ, we have access in a one-to-one relationship, for, as in the Old Testament, it was more one of worship and awe, a vertical relationship. The New Testament, on the other hand, we look across at a Jesus who looks familiar, horizontal. The combination is what makes the Cross.
J. Raymond|She persisted when I resisted. And thank God for that. Because the number of storms I needed to go through before appreciating the way the wind whipped through her hair was one to many. Now, I'd move mountains to make her mine. Rain or shine.
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|I thought you were gone forever, I thought you’d walked away from everything, because I failed, because I destroyed the only thing that ever mattered to me. I waited for you to come, but you didn’t.
P.C. Cast, Burned|Its more than a simple belief that there is good and that it should fight the evil in the world. It's a personification of Light and Darkness at their most elemental level, as forces that are so absorbed with themselves that one cannot exist without the other though they constantly try to consume one another. One of the earliest repersentations of Light and Darkness was of Light being a massive black bull and Darkness being an enormous white bull.
Paul Johnson, Modern Times|A Stalin functionary admitted, "Innocent people were arrested: naturally - otherwise no one would be frightened. If people, he said, were arrested only for specific misdemeanours, all the others would feel safe and so become ripe for treason.
Ryan Holiday, Trust Me, I'm Lying: Confessions of a Media Manipulator|It is hard for a writer to call an editor great, because it is natural for him to think of the editor as a writer manqué. It is like asking a thief to approve a fence, or a fighter to speak highly of a manager. “Fighters are sincere,” a fellow with the old pug’s syndrome said to me at a bar once as head wobbled and the hand that held his shot glass shook. “Managers are pimps, they sell our blood.” In the newspaper trade, confirmed reporters think confirmed editors are mediocrities who took the easy way out. These attitudes mark an excess of vanity coupled with a lack of imagination; it never occurs to a writer that anybody could have wanted to be anything else.
John Sununu|In Psalm 72, Solomon prays for power and fame but he says the purpose of influence is to speak up for others and one is the immigrant. He doesn't delineate between legal and illegal.
Ankur Goyal|Whatever happens during rainy time, you don't need to wish it to stop just you to be protected because some people needs that. Instead, go for a place where you can consider as your refuge.
Pope Francis|Faith is the sense of life, that sense by virtue of which man does not destroy himself, but continues to live on. It is the force whereby we live.
Spencer Johnson, The Present : The Secret to Enjoying Your Work And Life, Now!|Letting go of "stuff" allowed the world to collapse behind me as I moved, so I became nothing more or less than who I simply was: Me.
Wilfred Thesiger|If you are given a hundred city, refuse it without any hesitation; if you are given a lovely wooden cottage in the middle of a forest, accept it without any hesitation because all you need is just a peace of mind!
Penelope Ward, Drunk Dial|It's okay to look different, Lilith. Beauty is only a matter of opinion. If you believe you are beautiful, then that's all that matters. These are really tough years you're approaching now. Your decisions now as a teenager can change your entire life. Just make sure you talk to me or someone if you're ever feeling like life is too much to handle. And never let anyone convince you that you're not worthy, only to take advantage of you.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Thy will be done, my Lord. Because you know the weakness in the heart of yourchildren, and you assign each of them only the burden they can bear. May youunderstand my love–because it is the only thing I have that is really mine, the only thing that I will be able to take with me into the next life. Please allow it to be courageous and pure; please make it capable of surviving the snares of the world.
Kim Holden, So Much More|Let us do our best whilst we live for another tomorrow is coming when whilst we are long gone, another group of people shall come to either suffer from our worst or enjoy and build upon our best. Let us run whole heatedly today with all alacrity for another generation shall come for the baton from our hands to either blame us or congratulate us on how we lived the dream and journeyed in life through the good and the bad times; another generation shall come to ponder over our footprints as a good or a bad lesson for them! Let us run with all necessary zeal such that when we hand over the baton, our next generation will have no reason but to soldier on with courage, enthusiasm and absolute commitment to get to the finishing line with a great accomplishment and a noble story worth pondering over and over!
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|I am not sure I can.""Become sure," said the cat, his eyes flashing green in the firelight. "Once you leap on a boar's back, you can't sheath your claws.
Carl Schmitt, The Plight of European Jurisprudence|For the information of these “friends” who consider themselves called to defend against us the role of the Bolsheviks in the October Revolution, we give warning that our book teaches not how to love a victorious revolution after the event, in the person of the bureaucracy it has brought forward, but only how a revolution is prepared,how it develops, and how it conquers. A party is not for us a machine whosesinlessness is to be defended by state measures of repression, but a complicated organism that like all living things develops in contradictions.
Kathryn Minshew|I knew so many gangsters, and I call on that experience with them for characters.
L.M. Montgomery|A broken heart in real life isn't half as dreadful as it is in books. It's a good deal like a bad tooth, though you won't think THAT a very romantic simile. It takes spells of aching and gives you a sleepless night now and then, but between times it lets you enjoy life and dreams and echoes and peanut candy as if there were nothing the matter with it.
Anton du Beke|My dad is too cute. Every morning, he sends me one motivational quote. I have a folder full of all his quotes.
Nafisa Haji|He knows what lies before them, and what is after them, and they comprehend not anything of His knowledge save such as He wills.' i traced the words with my finger, over and over again, and realize what i did not before. that not all questions can be answered. that some truths are beyond the capacity of our minds to understand.
Dave Logan, Tribal Leadership: Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization|Alignment, to us, means bringing pieces into the same line - the same direction. The metaphor is that a magnet will make pieces of iron point toward it. Agreement is share intellectual understanding. Tribes are clusters of people, and people are complex and nonrational at times. If a tribe is united only by agreement, as soon as times change, agreement has to be reestablished. If people learn new ideas or see a problem from a new perspective, they no longer agree, so tribes based on agreement often discourage learning, questioning, and independent thought. Tribes based on alignment want to maximize each person's contribution, provided that they stay pointed in the same direction like magnetized iron filings.
Elisabeth Elliot, Keep a Quiet Heart|Rejection Is God’s Protection When someone rejects or breaks up with you, it may be a blessing in disguise. The person was not right for you. Or maybe you would have eventually been miserable with them. Now the door is open for someone else much better to come into your life.
Joel Osteen|Right after 'Raymond' I had a world-is-my-oyster attitude, but I found out I don't like oysters. I had this existential emptiness. 'What is my purpose? Who am I?' I had a big identity crisis.
Pete Rose|When you file an amicus brief, and you represent a state, the court reads your brief. It is a powerful position to make the legal assault from.
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|Not one adventure in a whole day," said Sniff, who was taking his turn at steering now the current was slower. "Just grey banks and grey banks, and not even an adventure.""I think it's very adventurous to float down a winding river," said Moomintroll. "You never know what you'll meet round the next corner. You always want adventures, Sniff, and when they come you're so frightened you don't know what to do.""Well, I'm not a lion," said Sniff reproachfully. "I like small adventures. Just the right size.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|I have breathed my way through so many people I felt wronged by; through so many situations I couldn't change. Sometimes while doing this I have breathed in acceptance and breathed out love. Sometimes I've breathed in gratitude and out forgiveness. Sometimes I haven't been able to muster anything beyond the breath itself, my mind forced blank with nothing but the desire to be free of sorrow and rage.
Samantha Ellis, How To Be a Heroine|Rebecca, we live in a world where darkness seems, in the minds of many, something banished to the world of fairy tales and superhero movies. How surprising it then becomes—even for those of us who believe otherwise—that it may appear in our own lives, in our own battles. To face an opponent that is more than the average ‘jerk,’ who has made a deadly choice, is, let us admit it, nothing that we expect to experience.
John Clare, The Later Poems, 1837-1864: Volumes I and II|Writers are solitaries by vocation and necessity. I sometimes think the test is not so much talent, which is not as rare as people think, but purpose or vocation, which manifests in part as the ability to endure a lot of solitude and keep working. Before writers are writers they are readers, living in books, through books, in the lives of others that are also the heads of others, in that act that is so intimate and yet so alone.
Gregory S. Prince, Jr., Teach Them To Challenge Authority: Educating for healthy societies|They [students] had two common, strongly held expectations: the college should exhibit the behavior it expected from students and hold true to its espoused values.
David Brainerd|I come from a broken home. My parents split up when I was nine. Everyone gave me a good wallop. But I come from a time when you just put up with that, you got on with things rather than sitting moaning about them.
Siren Waroe|Winter brings a colder palette with more heavy blue and violet, Fall has substantial more reddish and brown, Summer brings a variation of pastel colours and Spring fresh green and tangerine.
Catherynne M. Valente|If you really want to know me, I said, we'll have to start with the witches.
Carol Bellamy|Optimism is the ultimate definition of a leader. A leader has to look optimistically at what is ahead while not ignoring the challenges that must be overcome. Those challenges are in government, politics, world leadership, and even in community life.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an alert and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and goals, so that security and liberty may prosper together.
Donatella Versace|Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
Richard Brautigan, In Watermelon Sugar|When the stars fall into darkness, I will quietly shine for you.
Vaughn Monroe|I like music that's more offensive. I like it to sound like nails on a blackboard, get me wild.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|A scientist can pretend that his work isn't himself, it's merely the impersonal truth. An artist can't hide behind the truth. He can't hide anywhere.
Barney Norris, Five Rivers Met on a Wooded Plain|The thing about stone is you don't get to the heart of it. It stares back into you, its secret intact and inviolable.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|At first sight, joy seems to be connected with being different. When you receive a compliment or win an award, you experience the joy of not being the same as others. You are faster, smarter, more beautiful, and it is that difference that brings you joy. But such joy is very temporary. True joy is hidden where we are the same as other people: fragile and mortal. It is the joy of belonging to the human race. It is the joy of being with others as a friend, a companion, a fellow traveler. This is the joy of Jesus, who is Emmanuel: God-with-us.
Sunday Adelaja|People living godly will dwell on high. Meaning wealth, honour, prosperity, fame, elevation, joy etc.
Louise Slaughter|A large part of crime is economics - if people are working and and have a home and family to support, then I believe you can reduce the crime rate.
Davis Bunn, Unlimited|The rest of the time, I don't do so much thinkin'. 'Cuz if I did, I'd go running back to where things is simple. You see?
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Because misogynists are the best of men.” All the poets reacted to these words with hooting. Boccaccio was forced to raise his voice: “Please understand me. Misogynists don’t despise women. Misogynists don’t like femininity. Men have always been divided into two categories. Worshipers of women, otherwise known as poets, and misogynists, or, more accurately, gynophobes. Worshipers or poets revere traditional feminine values such as feelings, the home, motherhood, fertility, sacred flashes of hysteria, and the divine voice of nature within us, while in misogynists or gynophobes these values inspire a touch of terror. Worshipers revere women’s femininity, while misogynists always prefer women to femininity. Don’t forget: a woman can be happy only with a misogynist. No woman has ever been happy with any of you!
K.W. Jeter, Infernal Devices|Even if their supplies of love are finite, they've figured out that life is, too, and they're no longer rationing.
Sjón, From the Mouth of the Whale|And I would have answered:"The knottier the branch, the more twisted and misshapen, the more bent people called it, the harder it is to find it a place among the smooth planks, the more people agree that it should be thrown on the fire, the more useless it is, the more unsuitable for anything except letting one's imagination run riot, the more I covet it, the more I yearn to weigh it in my hand, the more I long to let my whittling knife be guided by its knots and veins...Yes, bring that piece to me...
Veronika Carnaby|Creative people, especially those who are just starting out, feel that they have to conform and be a mass-produced product in order to be noticed. The truth of the matter is that genuineness and unconventionality is often what helps make a mark on the world.
Thurston Clarke, The Last Campaign: Robert F. Kennedy and 82 Days That Inspired America|Never base motivation or fear, entirely.
LaDene Mayville, Hallie the Harvester Ant: Never Give Up|A harvester ant never quits and she never, ever gives up.
Valérie Zenatti, A Bottle in the Gaza Sea|Over the years, they’d become accomplished at avoiding unpleasant topics. Their burdened demeanors spoke volumes through the silence.
Cathy Linh Che, Split|They say Night is all black in the faceAll that glitters only adds to the graceNo attempt to success ever succeedsWithout one slogging through the blackened days"- Poem "The Beauty of Night
John Boehner|Success is not assured, but America is resolute: this is the best chance for peace we are likely to see for some years to come - and we are acting to help Israelis and Palestinians seize this chance.
Eva Longoria|If they asked me, I did two shifts. I did sports, I did news, because I loved it.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|When in 1863 Thomas Huxley coined the phrase 'Man's Place in Nature,' it was to name a short collection of his essays applying to man Darwin's theory of evolution. The Origin of Species had been published only four years before, and the thesis that man was literally a part of nature, rather than an earthy vessel charged with some sublimer stuff, was so novel and so offensive to current metaphysics that it needed the most vigorous defense. Half the civilized world was rudely shocked, the other half skeptically amused.Nearly a century has passed since the Origin shattered the complacency of the Victorian world and initiated what may be called the Darwinian revolution, an upheaval of man's ideas comparable to and probably exceeding in significance the revolution that issued from Copernicus's demonstration that the earth moves around the sun. The theory of evolution was but one of many factors contributing to the destruction of the ancient beliefs; it only toppled over what had already been weakened by centuries of decay, rendered suspect by the assaults of many intellectual disciplines; but it marked the beginning of the end of the era of faith.
Samuel Butler, The Note Books of Samuel Butler|We want words to do more than they can. We try to do with them what comes to very much like trying to mend a watch with a pickaxe or to paint a miniature with a mop; we expect them to help us to grip and dissect that which in ultimate essence is as ungrippable as shadow. Nevertheless there they are; we have got to live with them, and the wise course is to treat them as we do our neighbours, and make the best and not the worst of them.
Lamine Pearlheart, To Life from the Shadows: Conversations with the Light|Get a grip, get a clue, get a move on
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Please,’ Neil shook the stinging fluid out of his eyes. Don’t beg. You’ll appear weak DO NOT BEG. ‘Please, I’m begging you. Don’t take my bike. It’s all I have left and I ... I ...’ he looked behind him in the direction of the city, ‘I can’t go back.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|Begin with “I remember.” Write lots of small memories. If you fall into one large memory, write that. Just keep going. Don’t be concerned if the memory happened five seconds ago or five years ago.
Gloria Steinem|Without leaps of the imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning
Patti Smith, Just Kids|We imagined ourselves as the Sons of Liberty with a mission to preserve, protect, and project the revolutionary spirit of rock and roll. We feared that the music which had given us sustenance was in danger of spiritual starvation. We feared it losing its sense of purpose, we feared it falling into fattened hands, we feared it floundering in a mire of spectacle, finance, and vapid technical complexity.
Matthew J. Kirby|Maybe if people can't have an end to their suffering, the next thing they seek for is to know why they suffer. Suffering is a part of life in this world, part of a cycle....Stories give you a way to see things. A way to understand the events of your life. Even if you don't realize it while you're hearing the tale.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|To know the good from the bad, measure the heart. Actions reveal the true coloring of one's heart, not their intentions.
C. JoyBell C.|If we come from the water, I conclude that we come from different kinds of it. I will meet a person and in his eyes see an ocean, deep and never ending; then I will meet another person and feel as though I have stepped into a shallow puddle on the street, there is nothing in it. Or maybe some of us come from the water, and some of us come from somewhere else; then it's all a matter of finding those who are the same as us.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|Lifestyle feminism ushered in a notion that there could be as many versions of feminism as there were women. Suddenly the politics was being slowly removed from feminism. And the assumption prevailed that no matter what a woman's politics, be she conservative or liberal, she too could fit feminism into her existing lifestyle.
William A. Warden|The reason why we believe that change is possible is not because we are idealists but because we believe we have made it, so other people can make it as well.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
Augusten Burroughs, Running with Scissors|Doctor, if being a bitch is healthy, then I am the healthiest damn woman on the face of the earth
Nikki Sex, Bound and Freed Boxed Set|Why couldn't my heart have picked him? Life would have been so much easier.""Because hearts are ornery, sneaky little bastards, designed to cause misery. They want what they want, and they don't give a damn about what would make life easier or harder for the heart's owner." Della snapped.
Lauren B. Davis|Writing... is 90 percent listening. You listen so deeply to the space around you that it fills you, and when you write, it pours out of you...You don't only listen to the person speaking to you across the table, but simultaneously listen to the air, the chair, and the door. And go beyond the door. Take in the sound of the season, the sound of the color coming in through the windows. Listen to the past, future, and present right where you are. Listen with your whole body, not only with your ears, but with your hands, your face, and the back of your neck.
Yoko Ono|Until I realized that rock music was my connection to the rest of the human race, I felt like I was dying, for some reason, and I didn't know why.
Rachel Kapelke-Dale, Graduates in Wonderland: The International Misadventures of Two (Almost) Adults|This is what you British do not understand about the French. You think you must work, work, work, work and open on Sundays and make mothers and fathers with families slave in supermarkets at three o'clock in the morning and make people leave their homes and their churches and their children and go shopping on Sundays.''Their shops are open on Sundays?' said Benoît in surprise.'Yes! They make people work on Sundays! And through lunchtimes! But for what? For rubbish from China? For cheap clothes sewed by poor women in Malaysia? For why? So you can go more often to KFC and get full of fried chicken? You would rather have six bars of bad chocolate than one bar of good chocolate. Why? Why are six bad things better than one good thing? I don't understand.
Brian Acton|The way you build trust with your team is around super-clear communication in that instant when they say, 'I will be sad if you don't do X.' You have to say, 'We're not going to do X, and here's why, and believe me, you'll be much sadder later if I let you go do it and you spend a bunch of time on it and nothing ever happens.'
Petra Hermans, Voor een betere wereld|Perhaps your notion of relationships is different than mine.You want something that would be a long term safe bet. I don't believe in that. I don't believe in eternity or safe bets. I believe in the unavoidable now and that the unavoidable now in the condition that it is pure with the best intention is eternity in itself.I want to love you and to feel your love as much as this is possible, as far as this takes us, and I hope it will take us far.
Jessamyn West|Be calm in arguing; for fierceness makes error a fault, and truth discourtesy.
Lenise Lee|It's my conceit that perhaps some diseases perceived as diseases that destroy a well-functioning machine actually turn it into a new but still well-functioning machine with a different purpose. The AIDS virus: look at it from its point of view. Very vital, very excited, really having a good time. It's really a triumph if you're a virus. See the movies from the disease's point of view. You can see why they would resist all attempts to destroy them. These are all cerebral games, but they have emotional correlatives as well.
Tai Lopez|Before you go out and occupy Wall Street, occupy your own brain!
Oscar Bimpong|Build your life not on the things of today, but on the things of tomorrow
Ray Price Billy|If you have something to say, make it meaningful, all else is meaningless.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|One candidate who considered applying for the position explained his change of heart: “That job is like unprotected sex. It feels amazing at the time, but there is a good chance you will pay for it later. None of the benefits are worth the pleasure.
Joshua Becker|Happiness is never found in materialistic things; it exists in things that cannot be physically possessed. Therefore, happiness is priceless. It can never be purchased. Love is happiness.
Alexis Carrel|Man cannot remake himself without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor
Ron Brackin|Who but the Christian, among the religions of the world and throughout time, worships a God who loves him so much that he died an agonizing and wretched death to pay for his sins?
M.F. Moonzajer|Being crazy of someone might seem cheap, but what if your life is priceless without that person.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz|The fact is, when it comes to economic leadership, the Republicans have nothing to brag about. This isn't what the American people want. They want to see progress that works for them.
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|I look at Kitty, who's braiding Chris's hair in microbraids. She's being extra quiet so we forget she's here and don't kick her out. 'I think that as long as you're ready and it's what you want to do and you're protecting yourself, then it's okay and you should do what you want to do.'Margot says, 'Society is far too caught up in shaming a woman for enjoying sex and applauding a man. I mean, all of the comments are about how Lara Jean is a slut, but nobody's saying anything about Peter, and he's right there with her. It's a ridiculous double standard.
Richie Norton|7 TRUTHS ABOUT MONEY, WORTH, HAPPINESS & CHOICE1. Money does not validate your personal worth. Just because the financial world uses the term "worth" as it applies to business, does not mean it applies to you as a person. People get that mixed up all the time and it's dangerous. You are worthy just for being. Remember that. You are priceless.2. When you like yourself regardless of the size of your bank account, success will follow because you're already successful. Think about it. Success begets success. Deal with that self-loathing garbage that holds you back, like yourself and get to work. 3. Don't try to validate your personal worth with money. If you do, your self-esteem may go up or down with the size of your bank account or the success or failure of your next venture. That's no way to live.4. The fallacy is that the more money you have the happier you are. Some of the saddest people in the world are filthy rich. That said, some of the happiest people are filthy rich. Likewise, some of the saddest people and some of the happiest people are dirt poor. Money is not the deciding factor in your happiness. You are the deciding factor in your own happiness. Take 100% responsibility for your life and watch magic happen.5. Now don't get me wrong. I live in the 21st century too. Money is like air. You don't know how important it is until it runs out. Money to humans is like water to fish. You can't live without it. Money is how we survive and money impacts our happiness, freedom, how and where we live and our ability to make various choices. 6. In the end, a) money will never determine your personal worth because you are worthy just by the fact that you are here, b) money may impact your happiness, but happiness is a choice regardless of the size of your bank account, and c) money is necessary to survive and enhances your circumstance.7) Bringing it all together: given a choice (which you are if you are reading this mini-essay), why not a) choose to believe you are already worthy regardless of your financial situation, b) make happiness a habit, and c) get a mentor to learn how to earn more income so you never run out of air or water?
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|I am so small. A billion tons of durosteel and nanometal move through the heavens, and I have never been beyond Mars's atmosphere. They are like specks of silver in an ocean of ink. And I am so much less. But those specs could ravage Mars. They could destroy a moon. Those specks rule the ink.
Caitlin Moran|There are hundreds of Frank Lloyd Wright buildings around the United States and in other countries, too. Wright lived into his 90s, and one of his most famous buildings, the Guggenheim Museum in New York, was completed just before his death. Wright buildings look like Wright buildings - that is their paradox.
Julie Kagawa, The Eternity Cure|Sometimes you have to go through the worst, to get to the best. Keep moving forward. Be patient.
Takashi Kajii, My Little Sister Can Read Kanji: Volume 1|There was no sudden twists or ups and downs, just stories of that person's everyday life. The theme was "growing old". There were no beautiful wo
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t fall in love with the idea of someone being in love with you; fall in love with a person. Don’t fall in love with the idea of being in love with someone else; fall in love with a person. Don’t fall in love with a concept, an idea, a theory... don’t fall in love with a list on a paper. Fall in love with a person. Always, always, it must be the person.
Colette, Gigi & The Cat|If he's getting married, he's not longer interesting.
Heema Shirvaikar|Julia had no trouble believing that, but she suspected his challenging demeanor was his way of keeping people at a distance. Sadly it was a strategy she understood all too well.Trusting by nature, she'd learned the hard way that when you let someone too close, they discovered all kinds of things about you. That kind of intimate knowledge gave them the chance to hurt you so deeply, it took all your strength just to put one foot in front of the other.
John Tottenham|My Sadness is Deeper than YoursMy sadness is deeper than yours. My interior life is richer than yours. I am more interesting than you. I don’t care about anybody else’s problems. They are not as serious as mine. Nobody knows the weight I carry, the trouble I’ve seen. There are worlds in my head that nobody has access to: fortunately for them, fortunately for me. I have seen things that you will never see, and I have feelings that you are incapable of feeling, that you would never allow yourself to feel, because you lack the capacity and the curiosity. Once you felt the hint of such a feeling, you would stamp it out. I am a martyr to futility and I don’t expect to be shut down by a pretender. Mothballs are an aphrodisiac to me, beauty depresses me. You could never hope to fathom the depth of my feelings, deeper than death. I look down upon you all from my lofty height of lowliness. The fullness of your satisfaction lacks the cadaverous purity of my pain. Don’t talk to me about failure. You don’t know the meaning of the word. When it comes to failure, you’re strictly an amateur. Bush league stuff. I’m ten times the failure you’ll ever be. I have more to complain about than you, and regrets: more than a few, too many to mention. I am a fully-qualified failure, I have proven it over and over again. My credentials are impeccable, my resume flawless. I have worked hard to put myself in a position of unassailable wretchedness, and I demand to be respected for it. I expect to be rewarded for a struggle that produced nothing. I want the neglect, the lack of acknowledgment. And I want the bitterness that comes with it too.
Amanda Hamm, Meet Cute: 5 Romantic Short Stories|I did the only thing I could. I said the dumbest thing any man has ever said to a woman, “Yeah, it’s just me and my trash can here,” as I patted its lid and started pushing it up the driveway.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Life is all about progress and movements, keep it moving.
J.R.R. Tolkien|We have had enough of the old men and the money-counters!" And people further off took up the cry: "Up Bowman, and down with the moneybags,
David Levithan, Another Day|There is this book, Destroy All the Cars. It's about how caring about something deeply can also make you hate the world, because the world can be really disappointing. But don't worry-- it's also funny, too. Because that's how you get through all the disappointment, right? You have to find it all funny.
Courtney M. Privett, The Shattered Veil|But the sons of Men die indeed, and leave the world; wherefore they are called the Guests or the Strangers. Death is their fate, the gift of Illúvatar, which as time wears even the Powers shall envy.
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|Though there're minor side effects in male adults."	"What side effect?"	She cocked an eyebrow and lowered her voice. "Spontaneous prolonged erection, big guy...in some test subjects," she added clinically. "A lot of those early tests were done on gorillas...	"I'm not a gorilla."	She glanced down the front of his lab coat. "Not yet.
Colleen McCullough|Until you can leave the matter of forgiveness to God, you will not have acquired true humility.
Lionel Suggs|A man who does not doubt the courage of a woman, is a man that is subjugated by her will and allure.
Jennifer Archer, Through Her Eyes|So maybe now I might be imagining what it would be like to kiss him again, but that didn’t mean anything.
Sara Sheridan|I was asked the other day in which era I would choose to live. As a historical novelist, it comes up sometimes. As a woman I'd have to say I'd like to live in the future - I want to see where these centuries of change are leading us.
Harrish Sairaman|Will without Power is incomplete and power without will is dangerous when will and will power both are present, implementation is easy!!!!
Isabella koldras, poem My Home.|...definitely believe that, there's got to be a spark to a place...to make it feel like a home...
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Parent|As you pray for your children, you will find it to be an unending habit of your heart. Being able to positively affect your children in prayer will keep you in close contact with them and actively involved in their lives, even after they leave home. And it will continually contribute to your joy as a parent!
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|a father for whom everything is an unshakable duty, for whom there is a right way and a wrong way and nothing in between, a father whose compound of ambitions, biases, and beliefs is so unruffled by careful thinking that he isn’t as easy to escape from as he seems. Limited men with limitless energy; men quick to be friendly and quick to be fed up; men for whom the most serious thing in life is to keep going despite everything. And we were their sons. It was our job to love them.
Richard Pryor|Black Consciousness is an attitude of the mind and a way of life, the most positive call to emanate from the black world for a long time.
|No matter how dire things get, always say to yourself, 'this will surely come to pass, and I will be victorious as always in the end, because I am highly favored by my Father in Heaven.' You surely have all that you need through God's guidance and protection.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I would rather have strong enemies than a world of passive individualists. In a world of passive individualists nothing seems worth anything simply because nobody stands for anything. That world has no convictions, no victories, no unions, no heroism, no absolutes, no heartbeat. That world has rigor mortis.
Becky G|I get accused of having a haughty smugness. I have a lopsided mouth. I can't help it. I was born with it. It looks as if I am smirking. I have had my publicist tell me, 'Don't do that smile on the red carpet.' I'm, like, 'That's my smile.'
Katherine J Walden|The church the Bible described is exciting and adventurous and wrought with sacrifice. It cost believers everything, and they still came.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|You have a manure pile of memories. Nothing you can do about that. Now, you can drown in the stink, or turn it into compost and grow a garden.
