|Yet, there is a sense of some deep sort that runs entirely contrary to human nature, that in putting ourselves first, we must by necessity put others first.
Anthony Liccione|As day is to a sword, night is to a shield.
William T. Vollmann, You Bright and Risen Angels|The smoke detectors began to ring; for they were battery-powered and thus still functioned, just as a record can still be played after the death of every member of the orchestra.
Jay-Z|Todo o reino de Fantasia assenta-se sobre alicerces de sonhos esquecidos." A História Sem Fim(The whole kingdom of Fantasy sits upon foundations of forgotten dreams - Endless Story).
Andrew Murray, Humility|For my own part, my constant prayer is that I may know the worst of my case, whatever the knowledge may cost me. I know that an accurate estimate of my own heart can never be otherwise than lowering to my self-esteem; but God forbid that I should be spared the humiliation which springs from the truth! The sweet red apples of self-esteem are deadly poison; who would wish to be destroyed thereby? The bitter fruits of self-knowledge are always healthful, especially if washed down with the waters of repentance, and sweetened with a draught from the wells of salvation; he who loves his own soul will not despise them.
Julie James, The Thing About Love|So you’re saying the ball’s in my court.”	He bent his head, stopping just before his mouth touched hers. “The ball has always been in your court, Jessica,” he said huskily. “From the first moment I walked up to you at the Academy.”	She looked at him for a moment. Then she stood up on her tiptoes and leaned into him.	The instant her lips touched his, John slid one hand to her waist and threaded the other in her hair.	About damn time.
Benjamin Franklin|For my own Part, when I am employed in serving others, I do not look upon myself as conferring Favours, but as paying Debts. In my Travels, and since my Settlement, I have received much Kindness from Men, to whom I shall never have any Opportunity of making the least direct Return. And numberless Mercies from God, who is infinitely above being benefited by our Services. Those Kindnesses from Men, I can therefore only Return on their Fellow Men; and I can only shew my Gratitude for these mercies from God, by a readiness to help his other Children and my Brethren. For I do not think that Thanks and Compliments, tho’ repeated weekly, can discharge our real Obligations to each other, and much less those to our Creator.
Truman Capote, Other Voices, Other Rooms|Doesn't matter how pretty you are. What's important is how pretty you feel. No one feels pretty when they hear "no" often enough.
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|We are continuously challenged to discover new works of culture—and, in the process, we don’t allow any one of them to assume a weight in our minds.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|The waitress brought a fresh pot of tea, and Marty refilled his father’s cup and poured a cup for Samantha. Henry in turn filled Marty’s. It was a tradition Henry cherished—never filling your own cup, always filling that of someone else, who would return the favor.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|As he stared back, he altered...as if a shield slid away fro his eyes, revealing a scorching force of will that sucked the air from my lungs. The intense magnetism he exuded grew in strength, becoming a near tangible impression of vibrant and unrelenting power.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|When I’m with you, even my past seems like a bad dream,” he says. “I’ve sat on this hill a hundred times, and all I used to see were lights that represented places where I wasn’t wanted, where I never belonged. Now, when you aren’t with me, I look east and know one of those lights represents you, and I don’t feel alone anymore.
M. Popplewell|I know life well enough to know you can't count on things staying around or standing still, no matter how much you want them to. You can't stop people from dying. You can't stop people from going away. You can't stop yourself from going away either.
J.C. McKeown, A Cabinet of Greek Curiosities: Strange Tales and Surprising Facts from the Cradle of Western Civilization|President Obama smoked so much pot in college he never learned to spell. Which is why he's confusing the word "ruining" the country with "running" the country.
Nikki Kelly, Gabriel|I was nothing more to him than a prison sentence, trapping him inside my walls and persecuting him for a crime he was tricked into committing.
Ross Macdonald, The Blue Hammer|It was some time since I had gone to sleep in the same room with a girl. Of course, the room was large and reasonably well-lighted, and the girl had other things than me on her mind.
Marceline Loridan-Ivens, But You Did Not Come Back|To everyone in the foyer reading the lists, or on the sidewalks waving signs and photos of their families who’d disappeared, I said over and over again: “Everyone is dead.” If they insisted, showing me family photos, I’d calmly say: “Were there any children? Not a single child will come back.” I didn’t mince my words, I didn’t try to spare their feelings, I was used to death. I’d become as hard-hearted as the deportees who saw us arrive at Birkenau without saying a single comforting word. Surviving makes other people’s tears unbearable. You might drown in them.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Success breeds ambition, and our recent achievements are now pushing humankind to set itself even more daring goals. Having secured unprecedented levels of prosperity, health and harmony, and given our past record and our current values, humanity’s next targets are likely to be immortality, happiness and divinity.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|I live with the hope that one day, someone, will look into my eyes and see the deepness of my soul, and all the suffering and struggles will finally make sense to the person that can see behind all the imperfections and dust that's been pilled up in all these years. I've had my turns at trying to love people, but it never turned out as planned and I've failed in keeping someone next to me, simply because you can't force someone to be by your side if it's not meant to be, and I've grown to accept that and not fight against it. I've been selfish for far too long in trying to cling on to someone, and I believe nobody is perfect.. But as long as I still breathe, I'm willing to let people come into my life, play their part in my life's plan and then let go if it's necessary. Nothing can last forever and it's something we grow to accept. Let time do its' thing and don't get too attached, that's all I can do.
Sunday Adelaja|So many people have understanding, but in reality, they don’t really understand understanding! When you really understand understanding, you get a real understanding!
Michael Enzi|The buffalo is all gone, and an Indian can't catch enough jack rabbits to subsist himself and his family, and then, there aren't enough jack rabbits to catch. What are they to do?
Gerald R. Ford|Never be satisfied with less than your very best effort. If you strive for the top and miss, you'll still 'beat the pack.
Yuna|I don't want to make movies for kids, and I don't want to make movies for adults either.
George Orwell, Down and Out in Paris and London|If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciproc
R.A. Salvatore|He tried to be a good man, to do the right things, to make the world a little better than it had been before he had put his stamp upon it. You could be generous with the love you gave, with the care you took with others. You could follow all the command- ments that made sense to you and still the world could sideswipe you. There was no cause and effect. There was no karma. The truth was that he wasn't so sure he understood how the world worked anymore.
Jackie Kennedy|Both within the family and without, our sisters hold up our mirrors: our images of who we are and of who we can dare to be.
Julie Andrews|I must warn you right here and now that I am a 'wet leftie,' a 'leftist' and also a member of the 'bleeding heart liberal left.' I had no say in it whatsoever. I woke up one morning, and these things were tattooed across my forehead.
Nova Ren Suma|Maybe, long ago, we used to be good. Maybe all little girls are good in the beginning.
Virginia Postrel|In order to arrive at knowledge of the motions of birds in the air, it is first necessary to acquire knowledge of the winds, which we will prove by the motions of water in itself, and this knowledge will be a step enabling us to arrive at the knowledge of beings that fly between the air and the wind.
Mike Yaconelli|Respect is the word I want. You have to earn it. You give, and you get it in return, that's how I see it.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Have you ever heard a woman claim that the reason why she is chronically mistreating her male partner is because a previous man abused her? I have never run into this excuse in the fifteen years I have worked in the field of abuse. Certainly I have encountered cases where women had trouble trusting another man after leaving an abuser, but there is a critical distinction to be made: Her past experiences may explain how she feels, but they are not an excuse for how she behaves. And the same is true for a man.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|it is with this same imperialism that present-day simulators attempt to make the real, all of the real, coincide with their models of simulation.
Michael R. Fletcher, Beyond Redemption|I am called by many names: Destiny, Fate, Fortune; however, I prefer Moira, for it sounds as if I have a heart. I do not.I oversee human destinies, and all things happen exactly as I intend. Some try to deceive me, but I am Moira. I will not be cheated.
Seneca|Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for crisis.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|Wholeness is birthed through vulnerability and sensitivity, which is often conceived in brokenness. Jesus taught me this.
David A. R. White|It is astonishing with how little wisdom mankind can be governed, when that little wisdom is its own.
Katia M. S.|I look myself in the mirror and see what I am inside. In a glimpse, I find the perfection in the imperfect evidence of the former existence.”Katia M. S.
Zinaida Gippius, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|As the trees turned red, then white, then naked as pitchforks, Margot and Xiao Chen immersed themselves in several forests' worth of pages, and I watched, tortured, as brick after brick of a new development was laid on the wasteland of Midtown West like slabs of gold bullion.
Joanna Russ, We Who Are About To...|It is more than twenty years since we left the city. This is a serious chunk of time, longer than the years we spent living there. Yet we still think of Jerusalem as our home. Not home in the sense of the place that you conduct your daily life or constantly return to. In fact, Jerusalem is our home almost against our wills. It is our home because it defines us, whether we like it or not.
Israelmore Ayivor, Six Words Inspiration|Mark it. No challenges, no success!
Niecy Nash|I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women; I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Everyone wants to look for something of their own, a house of their own, a child of their own, a partner of their own, entirely for themselves alone. No one is satisfied with a room of their own any more.
Anita Diamant, Day After Night|Weeping is terrible for the complexion,' said Leonie, holding Shayndel close, 'but it is very good for the heart.
James L. Harmon|I've recovered my tenderness by long looking;I'm a Socrates of small fury.The waves bends with the fish. I'm taughtAs water teaches stone. Believe me, extremest oriole,I can hear light on a dry day.The world is where we fling it; I'm leaving where I am.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|I left home and tried to live the life of a hermit, but I was still fighting myself. I went to England and worked as a chainman on the road. It was better therapy than the shrinks. Building a two-mile road gave me internal peace.
Emily Thorne|I like to hurt people too. I can make the cruelest choice. The difference is, sometimes I don't, and you always do, and that makes you evil.
Baruch Spinoza|In the second half of life, people have less power to infatuate you. But they also have much less power to control you or hurt you.
Will Fetters, Memoirs|My grandfather once told me that there are two kinds of people: those who do the work, and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition there.
Clayton Lessor MA, LPC|When a boy feels as if no one cares about him, or as if he will never amount to anything, he truly believes it doesn’t matter what he does.
Vasilios Karpos|When someone studies well, has a successful career, or deals with difficulties well, people think he is a wise man. However, such successes do not mean that one is wise. True wisdom is to know with the consciousness of God.
Mahita Vas, Rain Tree|She tried to remember all the times she had spoken to him. She replayed every moment she could remember at the beach last week. Not once had she led him to believe that she liked him improperly. And yet, last night, he had appeared as if she had invited him. She had given herself so willingly, so lasciviously, that he must have thought she had desired him all along. Perhaps she had, or perhaps she had not realised how pleasurable intimacy could be.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I was a vacant room. Inside, the music produces only a dry, hollow echo.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Cora blamed the people who wrote it down. People always got things wrong, on purpose as much as by accident.
Tom    King|What we do to others, we do to ourselves.
Karl Ove Knausgård, My Struggle: Book One|Along with the concept of American Dream runs the notion that every man and woman is entitled to an opinion and to one vote, no matter how ridiculous that opinion might be or how uninformed the vote. It could be that the Borderer Presbyterian tradition of "stand up and say your rightful piece" contributed to the American notion that our gut-level but uninformed opinions are some sort of unvarnished foundational political truths. I have been told that this is because we redneck working-class Scots Irish suffer from what psychiatrists call "no insight".Consequently, we will never agree with anyone outside our zone of ignorance because our belligerent Borderer pride insists on the right to be dangerously wrong about everything while telling those who are more educated to "bite my ass!
Marie Lu, Champion|I could take a shower every day in my own bathroom. I almost didn’t know what to do with such luxury. Other than, you know, not stink.
Lloyd Shearer, Walter Scott's Personality Parade|Don't you understand that we need to be childish in order to understand? Only a child sees things with perfect clarity, because it hasn't developed all those filters which prevent us from seeing things that we don't expect to see.
H.L. Mencken, H.L. Mencken's Smart Set Criticism|You do not have to do anything to defend yourself in life; just BE beautiful, and life will defend you.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|The problem, of course, was that people did not seem to understand the difference between right and wrong. They needed to be reminded about this, because if you left it to them to work out for themselves, they would never bother. They would just find out what was best for them, and then they would call that the right thing.
J.C. Patrick, A Hollywood Classic|My mother had tried to fool me into thinking I was a natural beauty, and I’d believed her for a little while, that is, until I moved to the land of beautiful people.
Martin Van Buren|Communism is a hateful thing, and a menace to peace and organized government.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Everything that we see about us that we count is our possessions only comprises a loan from God, and it is when we lose sight of this all-pervading truth that we become greedy and covetous.
Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor|You know I hate, detest, and can't bear a lie, not because I am straighter than the rest of us, but simply because it appals me. There is a taint of death, a flavour of mortality in lies -which is exactly what I hate and detest in the world -what I want to forget. It makes me miserable and sick, like biting something rotten would do. Temperament, I suppose.
Melvin Burgess, Smack|The trunk of the car looked like a mobile police narcotics lab. We had two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine, and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers . . . and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of Budweiser, a pint of raw ether and two dozen amyls . . . Not that we needed all that for the trip, but once you get locked into a serious drug collection, the tendency is to push it as far as you can. The only thing that really worried me was the ether. There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether binge. And I knew we'd get into that rotten stuff pretty soon.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|And it occurs to me that there’s no real difference between us, the living and the dead; it’s just a matter of tense: past-dead and future-dead
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Let truth be told - women do as a rule live through such humiliations, and regain their spirits, and again look about them with an interested eye. While there's life there's hope is a connviction not so entirely unknown to the "betrayed" as some amiable theorists would have us believe.
J.D. Salinger|She wasn't doing a thing that I could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|Building a naval power takes generations, not so much to develop the necessary technology as to pass along the accumulated experience that creates good admirals.
Charlie Rose|Polish those gems within brightly, so you may shine...
Robert A. Caro, The Path to Power|Standing before costly objects of technological beauty, we may be tempted to reject the possibility of awe, for fear that we could grow stupid through admiration. We may feel at risk of becoming overimpressed by architecture and engineering, of being dumbstruck by the Bombardier trains that progress driverlessly between satellites or by the General Electric GE90 engines that hang lightly off the composite wings of a Boeing 777 bound for Seoul. And yet to refuse to be awed at all might in the end be merely another kind of foolishness.
T.R. Richmond|It had been a month before then that I'd sat on the bathroom floor and now it was back, the feeling that I was watching life through a thick pane of glass and that, whatever was out there, I wasn't designed for it.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Without the desire to be patient patience doesn't happen, Just like without the desire to grow, LIFE doesn't happen!
Jayne Castel, Nightfall till Daybreak|A man shrinks or expands into the degree and nature of his ambition. Ambition needs to be cultivated and refined, and yet has no teachers.
Chris Avellone|Women were the reason I became a monk - and, ah, the reason I switched back.
Ally Condie, Matched|The prints shop manager, a balding man of about thirty years old, dressed in a plaid work shirt and faded jeans, looked very shocked when he saw the headline text. “Sydney Tar Ponds, Is It As Dangerous As People Say? Well,” he exclaimed, glancing at the front photo, which featured the Sydney Steel Corporation, along with its plumes of orange smog. “You know, most people your age are really against that mill, as if it’s a disease. We have university students protesting every few weeks or so… strangely enough, the ones who have parents who rely on that steel mill to pay the bills.”“What about the pollution?” Wendy questioned, almost accusingly, as if it was his fault. “What if dangerous chemicals are in the environment?”“Hey kid, I don’t even work at the mill, never have, but my father, my uncle, their father, cousins, all worked there,” the prints shop man argued, placing the newspapers in a cardboard box and taping it shut. “When it comes down to all that ‘go green’ crap, you have to ask yourself, is it worth risking a person’s income, their job, their family… their life? I’m not saying you’re wrong, but these newspapers might have a point.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|We are motivated more by aversion to the unpleasant than by a will toward truth, freedom, or healing. We are constantly attempting to escape our life, to avoid rather than enter our pain we, and we wonder why it is so difficult to be fully alive. (43)
James Patterson, Maximum Ride, Vol. 3|If we had directions, it wouldn't be life. It would be an assignment. Grunt work.
D.H. Lawrence, Studies in Classic American Literature|By creating a society in which all people, of all colors, were granted freedom and citizenship, the Haitian Revolution forever transformed the world. It was a central part of the destruction of slavery in the Americas, and therefore a crucial moment in the history of democracy, one that laid the foundation for the continuing struggles for human rights everywhere. In this sense we are all descendents of the Haitain Revolution, and responsible to these ancestors.
Roland Merullo, The Delight of Being Ordinary|It's not odd these days to hear politicians trumpeting their own authenticity, a claim that an earlier day would have considered self-cancelling. But when Michelle Bachman, Rick Perry, and Rick Santorum say "I'm authentic," they're not evoking the shade of Neal Cassady. (102)
Mehmet Murat ildan|Children always give this simple message: Be natural, be sincere, be yourself!
Karl Marx|One truth stands firm. All that happens in world history rests on something spiritual. If the spiritual is strong, it creates world history. If it is weak, it suffers world history.
Margarita Engle, The Firefly Letters|Night simply drapes itself over the dayAs if someone had lowered a curtain.The sky glitters and moves,Filled with shooting stars and fireflies.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|This is what comes of having a heart, even a very small and young one. It causes no end of trouble, and that’s the truth.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|Will we have pets?” I bite back the question regarding kids. While this might be a fun fantasy, imagining being responsible for something like that is terrifying.“Sure.” Noah stays near the fire on one bent knee and occasionally pokes it to keep the dwindling flames alive. “I had a dog once.”“What type?”“A mix of some sort. Part Lab, part something smaller than Lab. Its paws were too big for its body, so it skidded across the kitchen floor.”“Is that what you want?”“If we’re going to live alone on a mountain, we need a guard dog. A German shepherd. Something like that.”“Guard dog?” Not what I had in mind for the fantasy. “We need something cute and cuddly.” I squish my fingers in the air as if I have the little puff ball in my hands. “It can sleep in our bed.”“No fucking way, Echo. I’m not sharing my bed with a dog.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|I know that she deserves the best and purest love the heart of man can offer," said Mrs. Maylie; "I know that the devotion and affection of her nature require no ordinary return, but one that shall be deep and lasting.
Arthur Schopenhauer|You will never forget what has happened to you. You cannot. And I will never replace your mother. I cannot. But you must believe that this is a beautiful world. People are basically kind and loving. You are going to live a wonderful life. You must take these memories and bury them deep in a corner of your soul. Don't live them on your skin. Tomorrow you will wake up for the first time in your new home, here with us. You will not wake up a tortured little girl. You will wake up a citizen of the world, deserving of a happy and meaningful life.
Ken Poirot|Wisdom comes from making mistakes, having the courage to face them, and make adjustments moving forward based upon the knowledge aquired through those experiences.
Anthony Liccione|If you can't please yourself some of the time, how do you expect to please people all the time? Not everyone is going to appreciate you for your efforts and deeds.
litymunshi|even I get angry ,as I see something lovable ,immediately I want to hug him indeep love .anger takes a place of flowof breathing in peace
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|I have a habit of being an archaeologist of my own past, a sentimental collector of personal artefacts which may at first glance appear random, but each of which holds a unique significance. As the years pass me by, I find that the number of objects within my possession begins to accumulate. A torn map. A sealed letter. A boat full of paper animals. Each item encapsulates within itself a story, akin to an outward manifestation of my inner journey.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Corrival looked around. 'So is this it? Is everyone here? Erskine, maybe you should start the ball rolling. I have places to go and things to do.''Me?' Ravel asked. 'Why do I have to start it? You're the most respected mage here. You start it, or Skulduggery.'Skulduggery shook his head. 'I can't start it. I don't like most of these people. I might start shooting.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|After the fire died down, what remained were two charred hearts, that once beat as one.
Kiexiza Rodriquez, Beautiful|The Lord speaks to each one of us in different ways. He may use your mother, your sister, your child, or even your boss. He might even use an unbeliever. God never said his messages would come in nicely wrapped packages from your pastor," the pastor could be heard saying from inside the packed church. "God doesn't do things the way WE want them done. He does things the way we NEED them done, so he can get out of us what holds us back, what keeps us from him. He wants to help us reach the next level. He sends us what we need, when we need it, in HIS time. We are on his schedule, not the other way around.
Terry Spear, Dragon Fae|Oh, sure," Cassie said. "Take me to your faery world. I've always wanted to see Tinker Bell." Not. She'd had to watch the movie when she was a kid because her parents had thought she should enjoy some fantasy stories in her early years. What sane kid wanted to be a child forever? Being older had lots more perks.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I realize that I was all error and deviation, that I never lived, that I existed only in so far as I filled time with consciousness and thought.
DC Allen|Please consult your child’s Witch doctor before using this product. Diapers may cause severe allergies, internal bleeding, and irreversible sex change.
Natalie Martinez|I feel like everything comes into your life for a reason. With 'Awake,' I got to do a drama, and with 'Anger Management,' that's my comedy.
Marissa Meyer, Heartless|With a glance back towards the house, he pulled the secret sketches from within. He'd been working at them on and off for a fortnight now, ever since he'd come across Cousin Eliza's fairy tales among Rose's things. Though they were written for children, magical stories of bravery and morality, they had made their way beneath his skin. The characters had seeped inside his mind and come alive, their simple wisdom a balm for his swirling mind, his ugly adult troubles. He had found himself in moments of distraction scribbling lines that had turned themselves into a crone at a spinning wheel, the Fairy Queen with her long thick plait, the Princess bird trapped in her golden cage.
John Peter Nettl, Rosa Luxemburg|Maybe he'd never come acrross anybody as well versed at objectifying body parts as I was. In my defense, this was an occupational hazard; one of the tricks of my trade was the ability to work with whatever was at hand. Over the years I'd learned to pinpoint my focus to the width of a pubic hair if there was nothing else to work with. (...) Before my eyes -or, more precisely, in my mind- Rasher became Lovely Bum Man.
Josh Billings|If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
Abdullah Abu Snaineh, 13|I thought that exile meant you had to leave your country and you could go anywhere--somewhere in the sun, a tropical island, say, or America. But exile doesn't mean that; it means you are banished to a specific place, and guess what, that place isn't in the sun and is no paradise, it's not even America. It's some cold, miserable place like Siberia, where you don't know anyone and you can barely survive. It's another prison.
KayeC Jones, The Wandering Troll|It was meant to be, two trolls living in a tree.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To appear in heaven, let yourself disappear amongst the beauties of nature!
Voltaire|Paradise was made for tender hearts; hell, for loveless hearts.
Anya Seton, Green Darkness|Truth is naturally universal...and shines into many different windows, though many are clouded.
Jojo Moyes, After You|Identities aren’t meant to be permanent. They’re like cars: they take us from one place to another. We work, travel, and seek adventure in them until they break down beyond repair. At that point, living well means finding a new model that better suits us for a new moment.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|...We must say to ourselves something like this: 'Well, when Jesus looked down from the cross, he didn't think "I am giving myself to you because you are so attractive to me." No, he was in agony, and he looked down at us - denying him, abandoning him, and betraying him - and in the greatest act of love in history, he STAYED. He said, "Father, forgive them, they don't know what they are doing." He loved us, not because we were lovely to him, but to make us lovely. That is why I am going to love my spouse.' Speak to your heart like that, and then fulfill the promises you made on your wedding day.
Wendell Berry, Fidelity|The two families, sundered in the ruin of a friendship, were united again first in new friendship and then in mariage. My grandfather made a peace here that has joined many who would otherwise have been divided. I am the child of his forgiveness.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|The way is not clear, and it is when you do not have clarity, when this is allowed, that you will finally have clarity.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Oh! do look at Miss Oriel's bonnet the next time you see her. I cannot understand why it should be so, but I am sure of this—no English fingers could put together such a bonnet as that; and I am nearly sure that no French fingers could do it in England.
James Frey|Batman was human. He had no powers. He stood next to Gods and said, "I handle my city.
Marie Helvin|I try to be as positive as I can because I truly believe I am my feelings, and if I'm sad, if I have regrets, they will show up as illnesses, they will show up as cancers... I don't want that.
Mercy Brown, Stay Until We Break|What else did you imagine?" His voice is low and rough and oh, so fucking sexy. "Tell me what happens next.""You already know, " I whisper. "All the very good, very wrong things.""I want to hear you say it.""Okay," I say through my teeth. "You fuck me until I forget my own name.""Wrong," he says. "I fuck you until the only name you know is mine.
Rainer Maria Rilke|May what I do flow from me like a river, no forcing and no holding back, the way it is with children.
Werley Nortreus|So many people from my past taught me that it's not everyone that's in my life wants to see me achieve my goals and be great, but I thank God they're no longer in my life because I moved on a long time ago, welcome to my present.
Gary Inbinder|When Nietszche says, "A new commandment I give to you,be hard" he is really saying, "A new commandment I give to you, be dead." Sensibility is the definition oflife.
Kim Harrison, Once Dead, Twice Shy|God, if you ever loved me, open my eyes for me when I'm being this stupid! (Ron)
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Prostitution is illegal in many places, but porn is not. But what is porn if not sex for money, caught on camera? What the law actually prohibits then is having paid sex in private and not allowing anyone to watch.
Denis Waitley|When one side benefits more than the other, that's a win-lose situation. To the winner it might look like success for a while, but in the long run, it breeds resentment and distrust.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|The kiss is neither returned nor exchanged, because it's free. (Le baiser n'est ni repris - Ni échangé, car gratuit.)
Alfred Tennyson|Tears, idle tears, I know not what they mean, Tears from the depths of some devine despairRise in the heart, and gather to the eyes, In looking on the happy autumn fields, And thinking of the days that are no more.
Anatole Broyard, Kafka Was the Rage: A Greenwich Village Memoir|Two people making love, she once said, are like one drowned person resuscitating the other.
David Smail, Power, Interest and Psychology: Elements of a Social Materialist Understanding of Distress|Congratulations, he said. "That was the stupidest thing I've ever seen." His expression was a mix of awe and disbelief. "Ever.
John Steinbeck|The materialist theory of history, that all politics and ethics are the expression of economics, is a very simple fallacy indeed. It consists simply of confusing the necessary conditions of life with the normal preoccupations of life, that are quite a different thing. It is like saying that because a man can only walk about on two legs, therefore he never walks about except to buy shoes and stockings.
Debasish Mridha|During Christmas, open your heart with love to appreciate the beauty of life and all the presents that you have received from the earth.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Exploring is delightful to look forward to and back upon, but it is not comfortable at the time, unless it be of such an easy nature as not to deserve the name.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|God created me—and you—to live with a single, all-embracing, all-transforming passion—namely, a passion to glorify God by enjoying and displaying his supreme excellence in all the spheres of life.
Eve Ensler, The Vagina Monologues|But at the most basic level, doctors need to be able to come forward with their errors and near-misses, otherwise we will never know where the problems lay.
Trinny Woodall|Global warming will threaten our crops, so natural food will be scarce. Hourglass, curvy bodies will be the aspirational beauty standard, representing that those women have access to bounties of fulfilling yet healthy food, which means they are affluent.
Joseph Warren|While a creator does and must worship Man (which means his own highest potentiality; which is his natural self-reverence), he must not make the mistake of thinking that this means the necessity to worship Mankind (as a collective). These are two entirely different conceptions, with entirely - (immensely and diametrically opposed) - different consequences.
Mark Duplass|It gets so boring at home. After all, how many reruns of Abbott and Costello movies can a guy watch on television?
Pope Francis|Twitter has restored my faith in humanity. I thought I'd hate it, but while there are lots of knobheads, there are even more lovely people. It delights me how witty and friendly most people are.
R.K. Slade, Because|Band has really been the one thing that allows me to experience somewhat of a distraction. They say music heals, right? I'm able to exist in all my weirdness right in the middle of a big crowd of people, but all I really have to focus on is playing my own part, marching with the correct foot, and being where I’m supposed to be on the field. - Rigby Raines
Debasish Mridha|Whenever you can call your enemy and tell him that you truly love him with compassion, then you are practicing the power of true love.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari|For a moment we glared at each other, stubborn as cats on the stable wall, full of mutual resentment and something darker, the old sense between sisters that there is only really room in the world for one girl. The sense that every fight could be to the death.
Emmanuel Jal, War Child: A Child Soldier's Story|I had thought about forgiveness more and more...I knew it wasn't a light that could be switched on in an instant-it grew day by day, week by week, month by month-but something was changing inside me now during the hours when I sat alone and tried to calm my feelings. A seed had been sown, and I sensed that, just as I'd once faced a choice about whether to use violence on the night when I stared at the gun, I know had another choice: to remain trapped in the bitterness of the past or to find peace in the present.
ABC|Life without money seems to be incomplete,but money without life is absolutely useless
Tom Conrad|Later when they would mention, they would say, and everyone would know, but not nearly as well as they meant.
Samuel G. Blythe, The Fun of Getting Thin|When you come to examine into the actuating motives for any line of human endeavor you will find that vanity figures about ninety per cent directly or indirectly, in the assay.
Rea Lidde, Haven|I was so happy that my mother, father, and two brothers had somehow found one another. Perhaps my mother and father have gotten back together, I thought.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|If you as parents cut corners, your children will too. If you lie, they will too. If you spend all your money on yourselves and tithe no portion of it for charities, colleges, churches, synagogues, and civic causes, your children won't either. And if parents snicker at racial and gender jokes, another generation will pass on the poison adults still have not had the courage to snuff out.
Tracey-anne McCartney, A Carpet of Purple Flowers|She placed her arms and hands strategically over the areas of her body that she felt uncomfortable with, but he moved closer, and his hands gently pulled them away too. “There’s no need to hide from me, you’re beautiful.” His lips then softly kissed the places that she tried to hide. At first, she felt self-conscious, but after taking several deep breaths, she focused purely on him, and not on her fears of not being sexy enough. She felt open, perhaps a little too exposed, more naked inside than out. She knew that her old inhibitions were causing her nervousness, and tried harder to relax. It was difficult having someone looking deeper than her just her body, something she wasn’t used to.
Andew-Knox B Kaniki|A child is like a relationship. You can only shape it as it's growing, or it becomes a menace if let to grow without respect, understanding and focus.
Pearl S. Buck|However great a man's natural talent may be, the act of writing cannot be learned all at once.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Trust all you wish to achieve, in the aftermath of Christmas will harmoniously begin to unfold.
Celso Cukierkorn|You do pay a price for your Financial Freedom, but it is far lesser than what you pay for a Lifetime Slavery.
Alison Charlotte Primrose, The Lamb Slain With A Golden Cut: Spiritual Enlightenment and the Golden Mean Revelation|You too can make the golden cut, relating the two poles of your being in perfect golden proportion, thus enabling the lower to resonate in tune with the higher, and the inner with the outer. In doing so, you will bring yourself to a point of total integration of all the separate parts of your being, and at the same time, you will bring yourself into resonance with the entire universe....Nonetheless the universe is divided on exactly these principles as proven by literally thousands of points of circumstantial evidence, including the size, orbital distances, orbital frequencies and other characteristics of planets in our solar system, many characteristics of the sub-atomic dimension such as the fine structure constant, the forms of many plants and the golden mean proportions of the human body, to mention just a few well known examples. However the circumstantial evidence is not that on which we rely, for we have the proof in front of us in the pure mathematical principles of the golden mean.
Toni Sorenson|The secret is not following the right path, it's following that right path to the end. Don't quit, my friend, until you've arrived.
Brenda Sutton Rose|My mother’s dress bears the stains of her life:blueberries, blood, bleach, and breast milk;She cradles in her arms a lifetime of love and sorrow;Its brilliance nearly blinds me.
David Bellavia, House to House: An Epic Memoir of War|He that doth not as other men do, but endeavoureth that which ought to be done, shall thereby rather incur peril than preservation; for whoso laboureth to be sincerely perfect and good shall necessarily perish, living among men that are generally evil.
Milan Kundera, Laughable Loves|She was aware that in love even the most passionate idealism will not rid the body's surface of its terrible, basic importance.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|One cat just leads to another."[Letter from Finca Vigia, Cuba, to his first wife, Elizabeth Hadley Richardson (1943).]
C. JoyBell C.|It is an extremely unfortunate fact, that there are those who see the morale of respect as something that is beneficial to the other person on the receiving end, rather than something that is beneficial to the one who is capable of giving the respect! Because that's simply not how it works; the person who is capable of discerning respect and giving it to others, is the person who is better! There are people who believe that the virtue of respect and the ability to discern when to give respect and in which amounts to give it, belongs to the lower class! Oh I beg, I beg to differ! No. And no and no! If I am able to discern the amounts of respect to be given so that I may function as a beaming member of society, this virtue illuminates ME; this virtue does not illuminate those whom I give the respect to! Respect is known by the illuminated being!s
Juvy Ann, String of Fate|Everyone says you only fall in love once, but that not true, because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again
Marie Lu, The Rose Society|Those who hurt, Screw up, if you are lucky Demons will let you watch.
Arash Tabish|Most people in our world are just dreaming and having hope for something which will never happen, Maybe you want to know why? Cause they dream about peace so they are trying to do anything like making war, killing people and they have hope to get peace? But they will never get peace by making war, killing lots of people, destroying thair countries and spreading violence and hate among different nations which that is wrong dream and wrong hope cause i believe war was not, is not and will be never the way to get peace. There is only one way to earn peace or having peace and that is by respecting and loving every kinds of human being. Let's start loving and forgiving each other for whatever we did.
Asghar Abbas|He never went to war, yet he emerged from the smog and shadows victorious.
Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front|A farm regulated to production of raw commodities is not a farm at all. It is a temporary blip until the land is used up, the water polluted, the neighbors nauseated, and the air unbreathable. The farmhouse, the concrete, the machinery, and outbuildings become relics of a bygone vibrancy when another family farm moves to the city financial centers for relief.
Matthew Stokoe, High Life|He parked his car carefully, made sure he'd set all the locks and the alarm. On the steps he kept looking behind him, snapping glances into shadows like he expected this to be a set-up with my gang waiting to roll him. Nervous. But I got this feeling the possibility of danger was all part of it for him. What he wanted was something with an edge to it, something stamped as unmistakable bad. Welcome to the club, dude.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Secrets of a Noble Key Keeper|Some live for their own joy and pleasure. Some live to ease the burdens of others.  Then there are those who seem to exist for pain's sake only, that in the end the wrathful fire sent to consume their oppressors will be justified."~ In loving memory of Miss Annabelle Fancher
Maurissa Guibord, Warped|This is where I have always been coming to. Since my time began. And when I go away from here, this will be the mid-point, to which everything ran, before, and from which everything will run. But now, my love, we are here, we are now, and those other times are running elsewhere.
Pauline Hanson|Money tends to make people suspicious, if there's any money floating around.
Agatha Christie, The A.B.C. Murders|If one could order a crime as one does a dinner, what would you choose? . . . Let’s review the menu. Robbery? Frogery? No, I think not. Rather too vegetarian. It must be murder—red-blooded murder—with trimmings, of course.
Dancolin Flamiano|Focus on living your life, and let the opinions of others be what they are.
Jane Austen|No matter how much restitution she paid with every word and deed, her blood-stained hands could never really be clean, even if no one else knew they were dirty.
Lorna Jackie Wilson, Black Butterfly: The Journey - The Victory|It's only life. We all get through it.Not all of us complete the journey in the same condition. Along the way, some lose their legs or eyes in accidents or altercations, while others skate through years with nothing worse to worry about than an occasional bad-hair day.
Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings|Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about.
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Apocryphal|Yup! I'll live stupid! Because I know what I do, and what we as a species do will one day come together and make a difference. We matter!
Aaron A.A. Smith, Siren's Lament and Other Stories|New York City, city of exaggerations. Place of Herculean ascensions and perilous falls.
William Osler|You can't play a symphony alone, it takes an orchestra to play it.
Alice W. Flaherty, The Midnight Disease: The Drive to Write, Writer's Block, and the Creative Brain|Nonetheless, writing regularly, inspiration or no, is not a bad way to eventually get into an inspired mood; the plane has to bump along the runway for a while before it finally takes off.
Colson Whitehead, Zone One|During the persecutions under the Emperor Domitian, John was summoned to Rome, where he was tortured by immersion in a pot of boiling oil and subsequently banished to the island of Patmos in the Aegean sea. It was there he wrote his Apocalypse. It was only after the death of Domitian, in A.D. 96, that he returned to Ephesus, where he was still living during the reign of the Emperor Trajan (A.D. 98-117). He became so old and frail that he could no longer walk and had to be carried to meetings and services. All he could manage to say was, "My little children, love one another." He repeated this over and over.
Jane Devin, Elephant Girl: A Human Story|A precursor to the Social Darwinists, Hobbes argued from th premise that the primordial human condition was a war fought by each against each, so brutal and incesssant that it was impossible to develop industry or even agriculture or the arts while that condition persisted. It's this description that culmintes in his famous epithet "And the life of man, solitary, poor, brutish, and short." It was a fiction to which he brought to bear another fiction, that of the social contract by which men agree to submit to rules and a presiding authority, surrendering their right to ravage each other for the sake of their own safety. The contract was not a bond of affection or identification, bot a culture or religion binding togetehr a civilization, only a convenience. Men, in his view, as in that of many other European writers of the period, are stark, mechanical creatures, windup soldiers social only by strategy and not by nature...
Charles Spurgeon|Every morning, I crawl out of bed. I sit there and think, 'Do I really need this?' And I drag myself to the gym in my garage. It's not fun. I hate it. I work out alone. Weights.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|It was curious what trying to speak English had done lately to his mind; it reminded him of studying poetry in college, words gaining and losing their meaning, overlapping with images, the curious echo of ideas behind the words people used.
Parker J. Palmer|By standing respectfully and faithfully at the borders of another’s solitude, we may mediate the love of God to a person who needs something deeper than any human being can give.
Bill Gates|A man is a god in ruins. When men are innocent, life shall be longer, and shall pass into the immortal, as gently as we awake from dreams.
Abhijit Naskar|Each day I wake up with a naive perspective of life and universe, and walk towards understanding a little more about the true nature of human perception with all its vivacious nuances and behavioral expressions.
James Rozoff, Seven Stones|But failure and success are labels placed upon people’s lives the way a child values winning a game whether or not they have to bend the rules in order to do it. But life is not a game and the rules cannot be bent without repercussions that prove damaging later on. We must play the game for all we are worth, and we must play it fairly. We play and lose and play again, over and over. We lose and we pick up and start again a little wiser. We learn the game a little better in the playing, learn lessons for the next game. And should we lose today it is only a step towards the winning of the larger game. We move our piece on the board one step at a time, but it is all part of some larger process.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|A mystic is one who has dropped all dreams, who has thrown away this mirror of the mind and who looks directly into life, without any medium interfering. Then he sees the eternal progression, then in a single moment he sees all eternity, and in a single atom he can see the whole reflected.
Kirk Franklin, The Blueprint|He’s called you, like, four times in the past week. And seriously, you should be embarrassed. I’ve never met anyone who has as much phone sex as you two.” My eyes narrowed on her. “How do you know about the phone sex?” “Duh. I pick up the phone and listen.” I gaped at her.
Joe Pesci|I make movies in order to make things understood, not to be shocking.
Sherman Alexie, You Don't Have to Say You Love Me|You’re always making up stuff from the past,” she said. “And the stuff you imagine is always better than the stuff that actually happened.
Christopher Koch|No, no, I don't watch football. The last time I tried watching was the last Super Bowl. The problem I have is, you know, the graphic nature of my imagination; when I watch and see them meeting head onto head, helmet onto helmet, what flashes through my mind is what's going on in their brains. It's like torture to me.
Gail Carriger, Timeless|If you are the type who truly longs to be a Southern Belle at all times, regardless of taking twice the space available in bus, subway or elsewhere, you had best remove yourself to a large estate replete with servants.
Diane Vaughan|Uncoupling is a dramatic life event, whose importance is reflected in the eagerness of people to discuss their relationships even years later. Indeed, in attempting to put the story in chronological order, there was no one who was not visited again by sorrow and loss in the telling of it, regardless of the passage of time.
Gordon W. Allport|For many people who were never religious or who leave the religion of their childhood behind, it's the experience of having children of your own that brings an urgency to the question of what you believe.
Hermann Hesse, Bäume. Betrachtungen und Gedichte|Voll Blüten steht der Pfirsichbaum nicht jede wächst zur Frucht sie schimmern hell wie Rosenschaum durch Blau und Wolkenflucht. Wie Blüten geh'n Gedanken auf hundert an jedem Tag -- lass' blühen, lass' dem Ding den Lauf frag' nicht nach dem Ertrag! Es muss auch Spiel und Unschuld sein und Blütenüberfluss sonst wär' die Welt uns viel zu klein und Leben kein Genuss.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Happiness is never in a rush. If you move too fast, you leave it behind.
Pratik Patil, Pregnancy and Men|Let’s be Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird. Atticus’s children, Scout and Jem, carefully watch their father’s behavior as the house next door to theirs burns to the ground. As the fire creeps closer and closer to the Finches’ home, Atticus appears so calm that Scout and Jem finally decide that “it ain’t time to worry yet.” We need to be Atticus. Hands in our pockets. Calm. Believing. So that our children will look at us and even with a fire raging in front of them, they’ll say, “Huh. Guess it’s not time to worry yet.
Kylie Jenner|Our greatest happiness does not depend on the condition of life in which chance has placed us, but is always the result of a good conscience, good health, occupation, and freedom in all just pursuits.
Elizabeth Peters|I had had my night of weeping...I had purged myself of useless emotions that terrible night, now every nerve every sinew, every thought was bent on a single purpose
Henry Miller, Sexus|To move forward clinging to the past is like dragging a ball and chain. The prisoner is not the one who has committed a crime, but the one who clings to his crime and lives it over and over. We are all guilty of crime, the great crime of not living life to the full. But we are all potentially free. We can stop thinking of what we have failed to do and do whatever lies within our power. What these powers that are in us may be no one has truly dared to imagine. That they are infinite we will realize the day we admit to ourselves that imagination is everything. Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything God-like about God it is that. He dared to imagine everything.
Akshay Vasu|She stretched her hands towards the sky. To grab all the stars, to hold the moon, to take away everything that the sky had. So that the sky could finally understand, how it feels to lose everything that makes it beautiful.
|A lot of people don't see the obstacles, struggles, and challenges that come as payments for success, that's why they tend to see successful people as individuals who are very lucky in life.
Alyson Noel, Evermore|The further you get away from yourself, the more challenging it is. Not to be in your comfort zone is great fun.
Brian Eno|There's a girl in this dress,there's always a girl in distress.
Tim Carter my dad|You can do anything you want to do, if you want to do it bad enough.
T.  Hammond, Color Blind|My daughter asked if the boogie man was scary. I said, "Not as scary as the boogie woman.
Sacramento4Kids|Now channelize the energy of your kids by enrolling them in different sports activities for kids like golf, soccer, volleyball and many more. Get the details of such activities at Sacramento4Kids.
Mike Pompeo|We regard intelligence as man's main characteristic and we know that there is no superiority which intelligence cannot confer on us, no inferiority for which it cannot compensate.
Godwin Elendu Ph.D|The lesson of the ages have proved that success is more than just the accumulation of wealth and by contract no one can be a complete failure when you work towards goals and services of others, your goals must be fulfilled.
Himmilicious|Arrogance never takes you anywhere. If you're arrogant and try to subvert your subordinates just remember time changes and you May not be in the position someday. They are younger and they will be in the power at that time.Power and position is never slave to someone, it moves with time.
Tanith Lee|It was the forest’s fault. Those two handsome woodcutters. An evil place, the forest, everyone knew it, full of temptations and imps...
Richard Appignanesi, Introducing Postmodernism|Not a good book. It attempts to take a complex subject and make it assessable to the layman with cartoons, and in this effort it fails. Moreover, the authors often take biased stances, and while I agree with them for the most part it nonetheless detracts from any scholarly offerings in which they wish to partake.
Isaac Stern|Music, Rock and Roll music especially, is such a generational thing. Each generation must have their own music, I had my own in my generation, you have yours, everyone I know has their own generation.
Jolene Perry, My Heart for Yours|Success is waking up in the morning and bounding out of bed because there's something out there that you love to do, that you believe in, that you're good at - something that's bigger than you are, and you can hardly wait to get at it again.
Patti Roberts, Progeny of Innocence|I have loved and lost in so many different ways. And I have died endless deaths… So when I ask myself, the question today, who am I? My answer is…I do not know.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Don't be satisfied with stories, how things have gone with others. Unfold your own myth.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you have committed all things to impacting a life at a time, or impacting a community or society, then welcome to a life of significance.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|But the princess had never seen the beautiful expression of her eyes; the expression that came into them when she was not thinking of herself. As is the case with everyone, her face assumed an affected, unnatural, ugly expression as soon as she looked in the looking glass.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|I don't believe in luck, but rather destiny. And destiny comes when you chase opportunity, only then will you make your own path in life.
Newton Lee, Counterterrorism and Cybersecurity: Total Information Awareness|I believe we inherit a great river of knowledge, a flow of patterns coming from many sources. The information that comes from deep in the evolutionary past we call genetics. The information passed along from hundreds of years ago we call culture. The information passed along from decades ago we call family, and the information offered months ago we call education. But it is all information that flows through us. The brain is adapted to the river of knowledge and exists only as a creature in that river. Our thoughts are profoundly molded by this long historic flow, and none of us exists, self-made, in isolation from it.
Herbert Marcuse|Ruby inherited the Perl philosophy of having more than one way to do the same thing. I inherited that philosophy from Larry Wall, who is my hero actually. I want to make Ruby users free. I want to give them the freedom to choose.
Molly Crabapple|I am interested in shows that are not out-and-out gag fests: you see the truth of a broken heart behind them. That is what life is like: it's really funny, you see funny things as soon as you step out of the room, but underneath that is a whole bag of broken hearts. It's that real pain and that real hilarity that makes life so intriguing.
Shon Hyneman Love And Football How to play on the same team with your spouse|Is there a communication breakdown in your marriage because of the "crowd noise" i.e.. too many people in your life you are taking advice from? Who is in your ear that isn’t a part of the team on and off the field? That’s the noise you drown out.
Debasish Mridha|Morality is societal, but kindness is universal. Be kind even if it not always ethical.
Zac Brown|I do not own a car, and my main form of travel to Westminster and in my constituency is by bicycle. I also take my bike on trains to meetings in other parts of the country, which enables me to see other cities and the other parts of the country.
James Comey|Lives are saved when those potential killers are confronted by a police officer, a strong police presence and actual, honest-to-goodness, up-close 'What are you guys doing on this corner at 1 o'clock in the morning' policing. We need to be careful it doesn't drift away from us in the age of viral videos, or there will be profound consequences.
Mary MacLane, The Story of Mary Maclane & Other Writings|Joining a sub-culture, any sub-culture, for whatever reason, is as I see it never a legitimate self-expression. It is always a result of sheep mentality; a wish to belong somewhere.
Ambrose Bierce|The violinist must possess the poet's gift of piercing the protective hide which grows on propagandists, stockbrokers and slave traders, to penetrate the deeper truth which lies within.
Daniel Dennett|Guess you can take the girl off the Earth but you can’t take the Earth out of the girl. Not completely, anyway.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together and Prayerbook of the Bible|Diogenes, filthily attired, paced across the splendid carpets in Plato's dwelling. Thus, said he, do I trample on the pride of Plato. Yes, Plato replied, but only with another kind of pride.
Tim McGraw|We cannot force others to behave differently if they disagree with us. But if we change what we are saying or doing, they may respond differently.
Drishti Bablani|For millenia, scientists always try to measurethe size of this vast universe. One way to know that is first to find the smallest single thing thatconstructs this universe. When they get it, the real measurement of universe can be understood for sure.
Steve Erickson|I am happy at Tottenham. I go into work every day with a smile on my face, and that is important.
Osho, Intimacy: Trusting Oneself and the Other|I cannot conceive that the man who dropped the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki was a machine. He also had a heart, just like you. He also had his wife and children, his old mother and father. He was as much a human being as you are—with a difference. He was trained to follow orders without questioning, and when the order was given, he simply followed it.
Ted Grant|Perhaps the central question about [Eliot] Porter's work is about the relationship between science, aesthetics, and environmental politics. His brother, the painter and critic Fairfield Porter, wrote in a 1960 review of [Porter's] colour photographs: 'There is no subject and background, every corner is alive,' and this suggests what an ecological aesthetic might look like. 
Connie Kerbs|If you focus your mind on “not wanting” something, you are giving energy to and manifesting the thing you do not want. If you worry or fixate on a problem, you are channeling energy to maintain the problem. Focus thoughts and beliefs on the solution, and do not fixate on the problem.
Michael Benzehabe|Was this the stupidest thing I had ever done? Maybe, maybe not. Top ten, at least.
Robert Baden-Powell|Your heart has to be prepared ahead of time through faith and prayer and grace and mercy and love and forgiveness so you can keep your heart open in hell, when hell happens.
Barbara Deming, Prisons That Could Not Hold|The boldest of the three (thieves) moved suddenly, grabbed Angua and pulled her upright. "We walk out of here unharmed or the girl gets it, all right?" he snarled. Someone sniggered. "I hope you're not going to kill anyone," said Carrot."That's up to us!""Sorry, was I talking to you?" said Carrot. "Don't worry, I'll be fine," said Angua. She looked around to make sure Cheery wasn't there and then sighed."Come on, gentlemen, let's get this over with.""Don't play with your food!" said a voice from the crowd.There were one or two giggles until Carrot turned in his seat, whereupon everyone was suddenly intensely interested in their drinks."It's OK," said Angua quietly.Aware that something was off kilter, but not quite sure what it was, the thieves edged back to the door. No one moved as they unbolted it and, still holding Angua, stepped out into the fog, shutting the door behind them. "Hadn't we better help," said a constable who was new to the Watch. "They don't deserve help," said Vimes. there was a clank of armor and then a long, deep growl, right outside in the street. And a scream and then another scream. and a third scream modulated with "NONONOnonononononoNO!...aarghaarghaargh!" Something heavy hit the door.
Rae Carson, The Girl of Fire and Thorns|Honor from death,” I snap, “is a myth. Invented by the war torn to make sense of the horrific. If we die, it will be so that others may live. Truly honorable death, the only honorable death, is one that enables life.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Woman Who Walked in Sunshine|She knew as well as anyone that the world could be a place of trial and sorrow, that there was injustice and suffering and heartlessness - there was enough of all that to fill the great Kalahari twice over, but what good did it do to ponder that and that alone? None, she thought.
Cory Booker|I always felt that what is scary is actually hearing someone tell you what they think they see. That sense of invisibility makes things a lot scarier, since your imagination tends to fill in the gaps.
Norman Douglas|If you want to see what children can do, you must stop giving them things.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|But even as she was going through with it she knew it was useless, just as it was useless to save a single earring when the other half of the pair was lost
Judy   Baker|We all have dreams. But in order to make dreams come into reality, it takes an awful lot of determination, dedication, self-discipline, and effort. Jesse Owens
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|Grocery shopping was intimidating...the aisles were filled with everything from jumbo to miniature travel-sized rations. Who could I call to ask, “Does the size even matter?” I dare not ask my ex-wife.
Robert Browning|Odder still how possessed I am with the feeling that now, aged 50, I’m just poised to shoot forth quite free straight and undeflected my bolts whatever they are. Therefore all this flitter flutter of weekly newspapers interests me not at all. These are the soul’s changes. I don’t believe in aging. I believe in forever altering one’s aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism. And to alter now, cleanly and sanely, I want to shuffle off this loose living randomness: people; reviews; fame; all the glittering scales; and be withdrawn, and concentrated.
Jeaniene Frost, Destined for an Early Grave|The lustful glances thrown his way made me wish he wasn’t such a damned bowl of eye candy."- Cat re: Bones
Ashley Madau|This,” Alaric explained to Sarah in what he thought was a kindly voice, “isn’t love you’re feeling. Only dopamine. Because Felix isn’t like anyone else you know. Being a creature of the night, he’s new and exciting and activates a neurotransmitter in your brain that releases feelings of euphoria when you’re around him…especially because you know you can never actually be together, and he seems complicated, and perhaps even sensitive and vulnerable at times. But I can assure you: he’s anything but.”“How dare you?” Sarah demanded hotly. “It isn’t dopa…whatever! It’s love! Love!
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|The complexity of the so-called individual that’s been praised for decades in America somehow has narrowed itself to the ‘me’. When I was a young girl we were called citizens – American citizens. We were second-class citizens, but that was the word. In the 50s and 60s they started calling us consumers. So we did – consume. Now they don’t use those words any more – it’s the American taxpayer and those are different attitudes.
P. Harding|This is a book. It is a book I found in a box. I found the box in the attic. The box was in the attic, under the eaves. The attic was hot and still. The air was stale with dust. The dust was from old pictures and books. The dust in the air was made up of the book I found. I breathed the book before I saw it; tasted the book before I read it.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|We are all wired into a survival trip now. No more of the speed that fueled that 60's. That was the fatal flaw in Tim Leary's trip. He crashed around America selling "consciousness expansion" without ever giving a thought to the grim meat-hook realities that were lying in wait for all the people who took him seriously... All those pathetically eager acid freaks who thought they could buy Peace and Understanding for three bucks a hit. But their loss and failure is ours too. What Leary took down with him was the central illusion of a whole life-style that he helped create... a generation of permanent cripples, failed seekers, who never understood the essential old-mystic fallacy of the Acid Culture: the desperate assumption that somebody... or at least some force - is tending the light at the end of the tunnel.
Crescent, Sam|It's very hard for me to be a good girlfriend to him, when you're always interfering... It must be even harder for you to be a good girlfriend when I'm the one who's always inside you.
Joshua Bloch, Effective Java|Jesus says, “You hypocrite, first take the log out of your own eye, and then you will see clearly to take the speck out of your brother’s eye” (Matthew 7:5). You see these dynamics when David arrives at King Saul’s camp, bringing food for his older brothers. David is surprised to hear Goliath taunting the Israelites and their God. He is shocked that no one has the courage to challenge Goliath and blurts out, “Who is this uncircumcised Philistine, that he should defy the armies of the living God?” (1 Samuel 17:26). David reacts to the split between Israel’s public faith and its battlefield...
H.W.L. Poonja, The Truth Is|Let your will burn in this fire so that it takes you nowhere else. Let your self be burned in this fire of eternity, love and peace. Don't be afraid of this fire, it is love itself. This desire for freedom is the fire of love!
Jettie Necole, Ruby|The boy continued with a desperate note. "You may have saved my life, but it is not my life any longer, it is yours.
Iain M. Banks, The State of the Art|The collective impact of these failures has been a complete erosion of ethical standards, ultimately leading to a novel system we still call Capitalism, but which is tantamount to economic slavery. In this system—our system—the slaves are unaware both of their status and of their masters, who exist in a world apart where the intangible shackles are carefully hidden amongst reams of unreachable legalese.
Mustafa Saifuddin|Feeling unlucky? Find opportunities, work your butts off and nail them!
Faith Sullivan, Hold Me Tight|How? Give me permission, tell me it’s okay to strip you naked, kiss you wherever the need takes me, and f**k you until you can’t see straight.
Jeanne DuPrau|She realized all at once that Doon, thin, dark eyed Doon, with his troublesome temper and his terrible brown jacket, and his good heart---- was the person she knew better than anyone now. He was her best friend.--City of Ember--
Nathan Reese Maher, Lights Out: Book 2|It’s no big deal. It’s kind of like a tattoo. It won’t hurt, not too much, just a few stitches and it’ll be all over. It’s really interesting how it’s done. You won’t believe where your soul hides. Go on, take a guess. Where do you think it is?
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|When you don’t know what to believe, when you’re not prepared to play the amateur detective, then you get tired and dismiss the entire business, you let it go, you stop thinking and wash your hands of the truth or of the whole tangled mess—which comes to the same thing. The truth is never clear, it’s always a tangled mess. Even when you get to the bottom of it. But in real life almost no one needs to find the truth or devote himself to investigating anything, that only happens in puerile novels.
Douglas Jerrold|One of the things my life has taught me is how important it is to try to say  "I love you" in ways that can be preserved  looked at  and read when you are alone or when there is adversity or when circumstances bring separation. In any case  . . . saying "I love you" is one of the "secrets" of the happy marriage that Ronnie and I have shared. Ronnie's letters move me to this day. They are his gift to me across the years  and throughout the decades of love.
Mehmet Murat ildan|People get bitten. But I won't.' I found myself saying, 'You will, you will. These snakes don't know you find death inconceivable. They don't know you're young and strong and you think death applies to everyone but you. They will bite you and you will die.
Amy Reed, Beautiful|There is a picture of me in their heads, a picture of someone I don't know yet. She is not the chubby girl with the braces and bad perm. She is not the girl hiding in the bathroom at recess. She is someone new, a blank slate they have named beautiful. That is what I am now: beautiful, with this new body and face and hair and clothes. Beautiful, with this erasing of history.
Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father|All this beauty exists so you and I can see His glory, His artwork. It's like an invitation to worship Him, to know Him.
Dan Harris, 10% Happier: How I Tamed the Voice in My Head, Reduced Stress Without Losing My Edge, and Found Self-Help That Actually Works|There was something important being overlooked, they argued, in the mainstreaming of meditation - a central plank in the Buddhist platform: compassion.
Marcus Tullius Cicero, Treatises on Friendship and Old Age|As she drove the familiar route to the school, she considered her magnificent new age. Forty. She could still feel "forty" the way it felt when she was fifteen. Such a colorless age. Marooned in the middle of your life. Nothing would matter all that much when you were forty. You wouldn't have real feelings when you were forty, because you'd be safely cushioned by your frumpy forty
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|There are different ways people make this place. Sweat, exercise and pain is one way. You can see them in the gyms, in the well-ordered swimming pools. You can see them jogging in the small, worn parks. Another way to make your place is TV. A bright, brash place, always well lit, full of fun and jokes that tell you when to laugh so you never miss them. World news carefully edited so that it’s not too disturbing, but disturbing enough to make you glad that you weren’t born in a foreign country. News with music to tell you who to hate, who to feel sorry for, and who laugh at.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|Whenever he was in company he wanted to get away, and whenever he was alone he wanted company.
Rhonda Louise Robbins|It don't matter about all that anyway," Armstrong added. "You think it do, but it don't. A man ain't just his one talent. Lil Louis needs you. And Jones look to you like you his brother. You got the talent of making others your kin, your blood. Music, well that's different. I reckon it got its own worth, but it ain't a man's whole life.""Aww hell, Louis," I thought. "Ain't nothing else I want.
Sunday Adelaja|People who truly serve God actively look for darkness in order to chase darkness away, they run after darkness, they search for darkness in all its ramifications and destructive consequences.
William James|If the machine of government is of such a nature that it requires you to be the agent of injustice to another, then, I say, break the law.
Elyn R. Saks, The Center Cannot Hold: My Journey Through Madness|My good fortune is not that I've recovered from mental illness. I have not, nor will I ever. My good fortune lies in having found my life.
William Westmoreland|When everyone goes home, you're stuck with yourself.
Phil Dourado, The 60 Second Leader: Everything You Need to Know about Leadership, in One Minute Bites|You can't dominate a network with old-style leadership.But, you can emerge, with the network's consent, as one of its leaders, regardless of your formal position or job title.
Dav Pilkey|If one tends to be a humorous person and you have a sense of humor the rest of your life then you can certainly lighten the load, I think, by bringing that to your trials and tribulations. It's easy to have a sense of humor when everything is going well.
Alin Sav|We know how to lead projects, but we forget how to lead people, because we forgot how to lead ourselves.
Sibella Giorello, The Mountains Bow Down|At that period, rising in the world meant giving up working with your hands in favor of work in a store or an office. The people who lived in town had made it, and turned their backs socially on those who had not but were still growing corn and wheat out there in the country. What seemed like an impassable gulf was only the prejudice of a single generation, which refused to remember its own not very remote past.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|The enemy of man is man, my brother.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|There is always a right answer for every question, even for the wrong ones.
Chris Mentillo, Weird Tales of Horror: "Stories From The Dead."|A woman does not become whole, until she has a baby.
Epictetus, The Discourses|Freedom is secured not by the fulfilling of men's desires, but by the removal of desire.
Eckhart Tolle|A nice person is a 'yes' person, whereas a good person is a person who accepts their responsibility in things and moves forward and tries to constantly evolve and isn't afraid to say no or challenge someone or be honest or truthful.
Scott Hastie|Paradise is no whim.It takes time and trust,You see.
Bear Grylls|First rule of change is controversy. You can't get away from it for the simple reason all issues are controversial. Change means movement, and movement means friction, and friction means heat, and heat means controversy.
Ray Bradbury|Each morning sees some task begun, each evening sees it close; Something attempted, something done, has earned a night's repose.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If the pocket goes dry but the mind is fertile, awake and plant something noble in the mind and you shall surely reap something noble in the end, no matter what!
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|On the scale of relevance, public approval or disapproval of a woman's choices should not merit measure.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|She also considered very seriously what she would look like in a little cottage in the middle of the forest, dressed in a melancholy gray and holding communion only with the birds and trees; a life of retirement away from the vain world; a life into which no man came. It had its attractions, but she decided that gray did not suit her.
Temitope Owosela|I am a strong individual that may seem weak; but, my strength is in my ability to stay in the fight and sure my enemies that I can take the punches; and, still stay strong in my weakness. Because within time God will turn my weak persona to my strength. I will be able to show myself and others that being strong in a weak persona is a sign of humility.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Art of Always Being Right|If human nature were not base, but thoroughly honourable, we should in every debate have no other aim than the discovery of truth; we should not in the least care whether the truth proved to be in favour of the opinion which we had begun by expressing, or of the opinion of our adversary. That we should regard as a matter of no moment, or, at any rate, of very secondary consequence; but, as things are, it is the main concern. Our innate vanity, which is particularly sensitive in reference to our intellectual powers, will not suffer us to allow that our first position was wrong and our adversary’s right. The way out of this difficulty would be simply to take the trouble always to form a correct judgment. For this a man would have to think before he spoke. But, with most men, innate vanity is accompanied by loquacity and innate dishonesty. They speak before they think; and even though they may afterwards perceive that they are wrong, and that what they assert is false, they want it to seem thecontrary. The interest in truth, which may be presumed to have been their only motive when they stated the proposition alleged to be true, now gives way to the interests of vanity: and so, for the sake of vanity, what is true must seem false, and what is false must seem true.
Tony Abbott|And fifth, we will champion small businesses, America's engine of job growth. That means reducing taxes on business, not raising them. It means simplifying and modernizing the regulations that hurt small business the most. And it means that we must rein in the skyrocketing cost of healthcare by repealing and replacing Obamacare.
Thomas L. Friedman, The World Is Flat: A Brief History of the Twenty-first Century|We could manage to survive without money changers and stockbrokers. We should find it harder to do without miners, steel workers and those who cultivate the land
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|Its front porch had a beautiful view of the water and invisible screening to keep the jellybugs and stinkmoths at bay. I wove mats for the floors and painted sincere, klutzy seascapes for the walls. Piece by piece I assembled chef-quality cooking equipment, learned how to use it, and achieved a state of domestic competence that would have astounded my long-suffering ex-wife, Joanna.
Orrin Woodward|Could there be a snare in too much beauty? Could there be too much expectation of good, and too much fiath? Could ever there be too much love?And could love require lies?
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Mom says it's because she has PMS.Do you even know what that means?"I'm not a little kid anymore. It means pissed-at- men syndrome
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|All our life, so far as it has definite form, is but a mass of habits - practical, emotional, and intellectual - systematically organized for our weal or woe, and bearing us irresistibly toward our destiny, whatever the latter may be." - William James
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|Oh, we can populate the dark with horrors, even we who think ourselves informed and sure, believing nothing we cannot measure or weigh. I knew beyond all doubt that the dark things crowding in on me either did not exist or were not dangerous to me, and still I was afraid. I thought how terrible the nights must have been in a time when men knew the things were there and were deadly. But no, that's wrong. If I knew they were there, I would have weapons against them, charms, prayers, some kind of alliance with forces equally strong but on my side. Knowing they were not there made me defenseless against them and perhaps more afraid.
|Life is a beautiful journey regardless of its occasional hurdles and puddles. The key is to focus your frequent thoughts on your blessings, opportunities, and possibilities over your adversities.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|When you are young, feelings are your truth. Love is how you feel. The years have taught me that love is not an emotion that you feel about someone, but what you do for them.
Terence McKenna, Food of the Gods: The Search for the Original Tree of Knowledge|I am so scared of what will kill me in the end for I am not prepared, I hope i'll get the chance to be someone, to be human, look what we've done
Glen Cook, The White Rose|No religion I ever encountered made any sense. None are consistent. Most gods are megalomaniacs and paranoid psychotics by their worshippers' description. I don't see how they could survive their own insanity. But it's not impossible that human beings are incapable of interpreting a power so much greater than themselves. Maybe religions are twisted and perverted shadows of truth. Maybe there are forces which shape the world. I myself have never understood why, in a universe so vast, a god would care about something so trivial as worship or human destiny.
Tom Deaderick, Flightsuit|No living creature lives without mistakes, Leo.” As it spoke, the flightsuit played videos in the visor, showing diapered babies sitting down hard as they learned to walk, tiger cubs rolling with each other and a blur of dozens of different moments captured from Earth. Everything man and Explorer creates is designed from mistakes, learned and corrected, to improve subsequent designs. I am the product of millions of mistakes, adjustments made to original concepts and plans.” The images in the visor displayed bridges swaying wildly, buildings crumbling to the ground, the blackened interior of a space capsule through a charred open door. “Every device you've ever used-so familiar you may have never considered their creation. Every device is the product of mistakes, hundreds or thousands of previous mistakes. You see the results, but you do not see the mistakes.”The flightsuit paused. “You see yourself in the mirror and see the results, and you do not see the millions of shaping events that made you. You survived these challenges. There are millions more shaping events ahead of you. You have not yet survived these, and so they feel dangerous and uncertain. If you were able to precisely recall, at will, the feelings of fear and uncertainty you experienced in the past or the moments you long ago overcame and survived would you discourage your past self from trying?
Jake Vander-Ark, The Day I Wore Purple|But Hannah's friend didn’t understand the volatile balancing act between art and sanity, that the act of creation was like walking a tightrope during an earthquake. She didn’t understand Hannah’s stupid need for validation, or that the size of the audience increased the stakes and multiplied the fear. She didn’t understand that creativity was dangerous, that, yes, there were some people who could stand before a canvas, paint a sunset that would bring the world to its knees, and return to their loved ones as a complete person who didn’t hurt, didn’t cry, didn’t spill blood to appease the host of fickle muses. But Hannah did. Hannah’s best ideas—sometimes her only ideas—were buried beneath the skin.
Will Cuppy|If I were to make an uneducated guess about L.A.'s relationship with folk and psychedelia, I would say it must be the weather.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|How disorienting and isolating immortality must be, and how strong he must be to weather it.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Stop making someone else's looks your "#goals". By all means aspire to be a better version of your current self, but don't glorify others when you yourself are glorious.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|That's when it happens. Maybe it was my argument. Maybe it was my scary zeal. Whatever the reason, as soon as Megan whistles, the crowd is on its feet.They're blowing bubbles. They're raising their lighters high. They're cheering through their fangs...For Dawn Summers, for themselves and each other, for every sibling who got tossed into a situation beyond her control.For me.And for my sister, who whistles again...Once more with feeling.
Steve Goodier|Can you be alone without being lonely? Can you spend time by yourself without craving noise or company of other people? Have you discovered the glory of quiet time spent alone, time spent listening to your soul? Solitude brings with it gifts that come from nowhere else.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|When I love, I love hard. You’re stuck with me for good. In your news report, you didn’t say what happened at the end of the bumpy ride. You didn’t say what it takes to break the curse. But I know. True Love. the kind that doesn’t go away because of a few disasters along the way. I love you, Melissa.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Yeah, well, food's one of the five exceptions to Gamp's Law of Elemental Transfigurations," said Ron, to general astonishment.
Hans Lindor, I Am Going Where I Belong|I no longer know who I am, as I refuse to remember who I was.
Rachel L. Schade, Forsaken Kingdom|We weren’t that different after all, our souls laden with the same ache of loss, our hearts bursting with the same longing to save what remained of all we loved.
Mike Rowe|Happiness does not come from a job. It comes from knowing what you truly value, and behaving in a way that’s consistent with those beliefs.
Human Angels, We are human angels|Only through forgiving can we understand that there is nothing and no one to forgive. And that we too, if we have hurt someone, have been for them, nothing more than an instrument of Love in the same way they have been for us. In the Oneness there is no separation, no judgment, and everything happens in Divine Perfection.
Aditya Ajmera|Imagine a true master of the art, someone with complete skill in every aspect of Jiu Jitsu. This master would not force anything. He would simply allow the roll to take whatever form it does, and in every position would act in the most efficient way based off what the circumstance dictates, and not what he himself prefers.
Jesus|All the same, writing honestly is very difficult. The more I try to be honest, the farther my words sink into darkness.
Andrea Goeglein|Life is full of positive and negative experiences, but the quality of one's life will always depend on the ones that dominate one's focus the most.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Summing Up|When something is Festering on your memory or in your imagination, laws of silence don't work, it's just like shutting a door and locking it on a house on fire in hope of forgetting that the house is burning. But not facing a fire doesn't put it out. Silence about a thing just magnifies it. It grows and festers in silence, becomes malignant...
Kij Johnson, The Dream-Quest of Vellitt Boe|As a young woman, when she had been beautiful and had worn her hair short and her clothes loose to conceal that fact, she had known all the signs of men and read them well enough that she had been successfully robbed only three times and raped once; but none of those had burned from her the hunger for empty spaces, strange cities, new oceans.
J. Courtney Sullivan, Maine|And anyway, once you allowed yourself to picture such a scenario, it couldn't happen. That was just the way life went.
Julia Roberts|Kind words produce happiness. How often have we ourselves been made happy by kind words, in a manner and to an extent which we are unable to explain!
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|Imagine your kid is running into the street and you have to sprint after her in bare feet," Eric told me when I picked up my training with him after my time with Ken. "You'll automatically lock into perfect form--you'll be up on your forefeet, with your back erect, head steady, arms high, elbows driving, and feet touching down quickly on the forefoot and kicking back toward your butt."You can't run uphill powerfully with poor biomechanics," Eric explained.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|My friends, if we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of 'I could have, I should have.' We can sleep in a storm. "And when it's time, our good-byes will be complete.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Practise your knowledge, for knowledge without practice is a body without life
Mark Helprin, A Soldier of the Great War|I think it takes some terrible or great event to fuse two people together without inhibition. Without heat or shock, it can't be done. I believe that's why sexual love, which needn't be, is so intensely intertwined with sin.
Rev. Kellen Roggenbuck|We need to be the church that serves and loves people now, today, exactly where they are. Until then, we are simply managing decline.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|Men are like dogs," Stacy was fond of saying. And she usually went on to add that, like dogs, they all took up too much space on the bed, and they always went for the crotch.
Willie Mays|My priority is to turn people - especially kids - on to sports and being active so they don't even have to think about it being good for their health. If people participate for the fun of it, and believe me - it is fun, then fitness programs will be much more successful.
Jill Shalvis, Lost and Found Sisters|I'd give up being a bitch, but I'm not a quitter.
Herbert S. Gaskill, Foundations of Analysis: The Theory of Limits|In the field of Egyptian mathematics Professor Karpinski of the University of Michigan has long insisted that surviving mathematical papyri clearly demonstrate the Egyptians' scientific interest in pure mathematics for its own sake. I have now no doubt that Professor Karpinski is right, for the evidence of interest in pure science, as such, is perfectly conclusive in the Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus.
Heena Rathore P.|Writing on dark themes is not as easy as one might think; you have to live the worst and the most terrifying nightmares, again and again, till they consume you entirely and become an inseparable part of you that you start dreading.
S.G. Holster, Thirty Seconds to Die|Before we go on from here, I just want to say," he paused and took a step closer to me and reached his hand out to my heart. "What I should have said back on the plane is I know you're real." His eyes narrowed, "I'll always fight for you, Lexi, in my own way.
Bebe Rexha|Because of my unique experience as my mom's child, the beginning of my journey was more about me trying to figure out who I was on my own. My mom is one of the greatest moms and so supportive of all my siblings and of all of us being who we are, and not who she wanted us to be.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|I want someone to sit beside after the day's pursuit and all its anguish, after its listening, and its waitings, and its suspicions. After quarrelling and reconciliation I need privacy - to be alone with you, to set this hubbub in order. For I am as neat as a cat in my habits.
Ian McDonald, Brasyl|Every word she writes is a lie, including ‘and’ and ‘the’."(on Lillian Hellman)
Dalai Lama|Acting is magical. Change your look and your attitude, and you can be anyone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Christmas is holy celebration of the birth of Jesus Christ. And God’s great love is the divinity of birth: the spirit of love, joy and hope.
Ai Weiwei|Business and growing jobs is about taking risk, sometimes failing, sometimes succeeding, but always striving. It is about dreams. Usually, it doesn't work out exactly as you might have imagined. Steve Jobs was fired at Apple. He came back and changed the world.
Rick Riordan|People don’t just appear on the beach unless they’re demigods or gods or really, really lost pizza delivery guys. (It’s happened—but that’s another story.)
William Gibson|If it touches the customer, it's a marketing issue!
James Dashner, The Death Cure|And I'd started thinking about my mother's last weeks--the way she'd drifted listlessly about the house in her dressing gown, cigarettes in one hand, glass of something strong-smelling in the other. 
Sarah Ban Breathnach, Moving On: Creating Your House of Belonging with Simple Abundance|We are like water, aren’t we? We can be fluid, flexible when we have to be. But strong and destructive, too.” And something else, I think to myself. Like water, we mostly follow the path of least resistance.
Billy Graham|When I'm off the road, and I can really control my diet down to the calorie, I juice seven days a week. Every afternoon, whatever I have at hand, beets, carrots, ginger, whatever. I juice, literally, every single day. And on the road, I try to find fresh juice wherever I can.
Cheikh Anta Diop, Civilisation Ou Barbarie|As we stand on the precipice of a life of ministry, we will have to answer the question that Jesus poses to each one of us: Are you willing to count the cost?
Lailah Gifty Akita|My darling husband, my heart is your home.
Evangeline Walton, Witch House|It was so awful! And he kept on looking at me and I knew I must get out of bed or he'd come and touch me. I did, too, but when I got out I wasn't me-I was a little white bunny. And he started out of the room and I had to go with him for fear he'd touch me. It felt so horrid, going out with him and looking back at mother there asleep."We went into the main part of the house, and one of the big front doors was open, and we went out through it. And then he gave a big jump, and so did I, and it took us clear up into the sky. We couldn't fly, but we kept jumping and jumping."Sometimes we stayed in the sky a little while, jumping from cloud to cloud, and the moon would get closer and closer and bigger and bigger, and its face would change and get horrible and grin at us until it seemed like its mouth was a mile wide and open, to swallow us up. And then we'd come down again and jump from one cliff to another, and the sea would be roaring down under us, and the waves all grey and cold and moving around and boiling like they were mad or afraid."We went all over the island and sometimes we jumped over the sea to the mainland and back again; and sometimes I tried to get away and run back to Mother - I thought she'd know me even if I was a bunny - but always, whichever way I turned, the hare was there in front of me, and his teeth were shining."We kept it up all night, and I was so tired and cold and miserable, and so scared. I didn't know whether he would ever let me go home or whether he would take me to Aunt Sarai. Then finally I did get away and the hare chased me!"She broke off, her voice rising again to a wail."It was so awful! I ran all over the island, into all sorts of queer little places that I never knew were there before - it seems so different after dark - and finally, when two or three times I'd been so tired that I thought I just couldn't go any farther, before he caught me, I saw the house in front of me and the front door still open and I started to run in, and then I thought - what if they'd planned it that way, and Aunt Sarai had come down from her portrait and was inside there in the dark, waiting for me?
Jalaluddin Rumi|Daddy-by Nancy B. BrewerWhen I used to say, speak up you are as good as they, You would just smile and say, let them have their way. When in my foolish youth, I so often disobeyed,He would just smile and say, let her have her way. When summer passed and winter overcame. He was not afraid, never once did he say. When in the moonlight his final hour came, He just smiled and said Lord I'll go your way.
William Blake|I think it is all a matter of love: the more you love a memory, the stronger and stranger it is.
David Byrne, How Music Works|Music written by teams makes the authorship of a piece indistinct. Could it be that when hearing a song written by a team, a listener can sense that they aren't hearing an expression of a solitary individual's pain or joy, but that of a virtual conjoined person? Can we tell that an individual singer might actually represent a collective, that he might have multiple identities? Does that make the sentiments expressed more poetically universal? Dan eliminating some portion of the authorial voice make a piece of music more accessible and the singer more empathetic?
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The way I see it people don't do what they want to do often enough. They just do some alternative which they'd kind of like to do, which isn't the same thing at all, and as a result that thing isn't enough and they end up depressed and annoyed with everyone else around them.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|Before she closed the door, she hit me with this one: "I feel like it's November first," she said, "and I'm that discarded jack-o'-lantern whose heart and guts are splattered all over the boulevard of broken promises.""And a good night to you, too," I said.
Kelly Corrigan, Glitter and Glue|She was too honest, too natural for this frightened man; too remote from his tidy laws. She was, after all, a country girl; disordered, hysterical, loving. She was muddled and mischievous as a chimney-jackdaw, she made her nest of rags and jewels, was happy in the sunlight, squawked loudly at danger, pried and was insatiably curious, forgot when to eat or ate all day, and sang when sunsets were red.
Elayne Boosler|I am thankful that geniuses and artists and good people, no matter how hard it is, will eventually be recognized. I am doubly thankful that also goes for idiots.
Zapatistas|I also remember being struck by de Sade's will, in which he asked that his ashes be scattered to the four corners of the earth in the hope that humankind would forget both his writings and his name. I'd like to be able to make that demand; commemorative ceremonies are not only false but dangerous, as are all statues of famous men. Long live forgetfulness, I've always said—the only dignity I see is in oblivion.
Jeffrey Fry|I can't muster a smile. Even with the knowledge that it's dark outside and light up here, it's hard to believe that he can see us. We should be invisible. We are so alone. Mabel and I are standing side by side, but we can't even see each other. In the distance are the lights of town. People must be finishing their workdays, picking up their kids, figuring out dinner. They're talking to one another in easy voices about things of great significance and things that don't mean much. The distance between us and all of that living feels insurmountable.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without climbing the mountain of hardship, one may not know the joy of hope.
Thrity Umrigar, The World We Found|Life happened. In all its banality, brutality, cruelty, unfairness. But also in its beauty, pleasures and delights. Life happened.
Eric Liu|Civic imagination and innovation and creativity are emerging from local ecosystems now and radiating outward, and this great innovation, this great wave of localism that's now arriving, and you see it in how people eat and work and share and buy and move and live their everyday lives, this isn't some precious parochialism, this isn't some retreat into insularity, no. This is emergent. The localism of our time is networked powerfully. And so, for instance, consider the ways that strategies for making cities more bike-friendly have spread so rapidly from Copenhagen to New York to Austin to Boston to Seattle. Think about how experiments in participatory budgeting, where everyday citizens get a chance to allocate and decide upon the allocation of city funds. Those experiments have spread from Porto Alegre, Brazil to here in New York City, to the wards of Chicago. Migrant workers from Rome to Los Angeles and many cities between are now organizing to stage strikes to remind the people who live in their cities what a day without immigrants would look like. In China, all across that country, members of the New Citizens' Movement are beginning to activate and organize to fight official corruption and graft, and they're drawing the ire of officials there, but they're also drawing the attention of anti-corruption activists all around the world. In Seattle, where I'm from, we've become part of a great global array of cities that are now working together bypassing government altogether, national government altogether, in order to try to meet the carbon reduction goals of the Kyoto Protocol. All of these citizens, united, are forming a web, a great archipelago of power that allows us to bypass brokenness and monopolies of control.
J. Sterling, The Perfect Game|It's not that I can't live without you; it's that I don't want to. There's a difference. We all make choices in life and I choose you.My heart belongs to you. And I'm not asking for it back, even if you won't want it anymore. I'm just asking for a chance to have your again. I promise I'll be more careful with it this time.
G.B. Gordon, When to Hold Them|Society can be a bitch.""And is by no means always right. Society can't know you like you know yourself. So don't let society be the judge of your actions. Only you can judge you.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|I believe that we don't choose our stories," she began, leaning forward. "Our stories choose us." She paused and took a sip of water. Her hand, I noticed was steady.. "And if we don't tell them, then we are somehow diminished.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|After our loved one dies: we cry, not because they left; but because they left us.
Adam A. Watt, The Cambridge Introduction to Marcel Proust|The shiny paint laid on by curiosity's hand has worn off. What thing better can a man know than the love of Christ, which passes knowledge?
Alexandra Fuller|I could never really choose a favorite book, but whenever I'm asked what my favorite movie is, I always say 'Withnail & I,' a British film from 1987. It's funny and sad and absolutely gorgeous to look at. It's the film I can watch over and over again.
Anthony T Hincks|THOUGHTS COME AND GO, WHAT CAN YOU CATCH AFTER ALL?
Shawn Reilly, Thread|I retreat to my room and lock the door. Lying on my bed, my brain cyclones with thoughts of men and boys and boys and men. All making the wrong choices.
Nathanael West, Miss Lonelyhearts|She lived a good deal by herself, to herself, working, passing on from day to day, and always thinking, trying to lay hold on life, to grasp it in her own understanding. Her active living was suspended, but underneath, in the darkness, something was coming to pass. If only she could break through the last integuments!
Dennis Lehane|Later: Woke up at 3:00 am and crept into Davids room. I talked to David about the ghost who came to live in his body, the sad soul who was taken back into the earth.David’s trophies are dusty again.
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|After all I've seen, if I hadn't learned compassion, I wouldn't be worth much.
Alexander Zalan, Pavilion of Thoughts|A big man stood looking out the window at the night. He had a close-cropped haircut, obviously military, and wore a camouflage uniform. Pink scalp showed through his light colored hair and his thick neck glowed red. There's a stroke waiting to happen. Tara couldn't stop the irreverent thought.
Norman Sunshine, Double Life: The Story of a Fifty Year Marriage|...Where we got to know eachother. Not just with words, it was how we observed eachother's movements. The way your smile only effected the lower half of your face. How our hands moved when they were close: as if they had minds of their own.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|FRUITS AND NUTSKeep jumping around them like monkeys.The clones,Commercialized zombies,And the TV junkies.Keep throwing berries,Twigs,And nuts at them.Until they wake upTo see what's up And figure out whyWe're laughing at 'em.
Heinrich Robert Zimmer, The King and the Corpse: Tales of the Soul's Conquest of Evil|Self-awareness is probably overrated. A complex, self-regulating system doesn't need it in order to be successful, or even smart.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author in law. (B.Com,LLB-goldmedalist, LLM-GoldM|Crucified Love lives with us today and till the end of times, as He promised.Amen.The beauty of the cross and our crucified Lord cannot be easily fathomed by human mind or by barely reading scriptures in bits, but by careful reading of entire scripture in the spirit which will in turn engulf one with wisdom and love.
Tamara Rendell, Lunar Fire - Preview Edition|If the loving ones look on magic as evil then the evil doers shall win. For you are turning your back on the life forces themselves, and you shall be weakened by your fear, thirsting for the elixir. Those who would do evil do not fear the forces, they consume the elixir unabated. They are not living in fear of themselves.
Molly Ivins|I believe all Southern liberals come from the same starting point--race. Once you figure out they are lying to you about race, you start to question everything.
Jason Gann|I can play a cat lady. I can't put my foot down and refuse to play anything but playing the perfect, well-adjusted woman, because those people aren't as fun or funny.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Ma? I think you have the spirit of husband-repelling. You are too hard, ma, you will not find a husband. But my pastor can destroy that spirit.
Aristotle|Children must be impressed with the fact that the greatest heroes are those who fight to help others, not those who fight for power or glory. They must be made to understand that victory does not prove that the thing fought for is right, nor that defeat proves that a cause is wrong.
John Dominic Crossan, The Historical Jesus: The Life of a Mediterranean Jewish Peasant|[C]ontemporary Jesus research is still involved in textual looting, in attacks on the mound of Jesus tradition that do not begin from any overall stratigraphy, do not explain why this or that item was chosen for emphasis over some other one, and give the distinct impression that the researcher knew the result before beginning the search.
Roma Gray|Life at times is a bunch of crap, the nice part about crap is that it's biodegradable.
seventhswan, The Side Effects of Forgetting|We are no longer under the 'Law', but rather the Grace of God in Christ."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Does everyone feel this way? When I was young, I was perpetually overconfident or insecure. Either I felt completely useless, unattractive, and worthless, or that I was pretty much a success, and everything I did was bound to succeed. When I was confident, I could overcome the hardest challenges. But all it took was the smallest setback for me to be sure that I was utterly worthless. Regaining my self-confidence had nothing to do with success...whether I experienced it as a failure or triumph was utterly dependent on my mood.
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|He had relieved whores beyond counting of frocks, stays, chemises, garters, and stockings. He had never before in his life unbuttoned a gently bred maiden's glove. He'd committed salacious acts beyond number. He'd never before felt so depraved as he did now, as the last pearl came free and he drew the soft kid down, baring her wrist, and his dark fingers grazed the delicate skin he'd exposed.
Tammy Faye Bakker|When you face unexpected events, you have to try to overcome those problems, but at the same time, you have to continue working according to the plan that you defined since the beginning. So that's what we have tried to do - not to avoid the urgent responses but to continue the route that we had defined.
Joyce Giraud|Some memories are unforgettable, remaining ever vivid and heartwarming!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Every now and then I sit and watch the sun rise to remind myself how it's done—peacefully, steadily, warmly, and in beautiful color.
Michael Bassey Johnson|When the fuel is dried up in a vehicle, it stops driving automatically. You are a vehicle in the spiritual and the physical world, so you need some oil for alacrity, in order to get to your destination. The greater the quantity of your oil, the more you cover the distance, and the more you cover the distance, the closer you get to your success.
Antony John, Five Flavors of Dumb|Not at all. It's why people come. They say it's about looking smart, or beautiful, or professional, but it's not. Gray-haired ladies try to recapture their former brunette. Brunettes want to go blond. Other women go for colors that don't arise innature. Each group thinks it's completely different than the others, but I don't see it that way. I've watched them looking at themselves in the mirror, and they're not interested in conforming or rebelling, they just want to walk out of here feeling like themselves again.
Michelle M. Pillow|Do you miss being friends with Santangelo?" I ask her after the lights are out and we're almost asleep."What makes you think were friends?""Everything."I hear her yawn."Being enemies with him is better." she tells me. There's a long pause and I think she's going to say something more but she doesn't and it's just silence for a long while.
Maz Jobrani|Humor is always important. There are people who help us deal with difficulty or hardship; from the concentration camps to the court jester, there was a need for humor. As long as these kinds of things exist, with repressive regimes, you need it to deal with the weight of daily life.
Jackson Pearce, As You Wish|All paradises, all utopias are designed by who is not there, by the people who are not allow
E. W. Howe|You have the sun, you have the moon, you have the air that you breathe - and you have the Rolling Stones!
Vicente Fox|Successful organizations, including the Military, have learned that the higher the risk, the more necessary it is to engage everyone's commitment and intelligence.
Oliver Bullough|I think that communism was a major force for violence for more than 100 years, because it was built into its ideology—that progress comes through class struggle, often violent. It led to the widespread belief that the only way to achieve justice was to hurry this dialectical process along, and allow the oppressed working classes to carry out their struggle against their bourgeois oppressors
Mary Wortley Montagu|I'd love to continue my career in Hollywood - I'd love to do another action film, or a romantic comedy, or horror. I love horror films.
Brittany Burgunder, Safety in Numbers: From 56 to 221 Pounds, My Battle with Eating Disorders|The only way to move forward is to focus on the good in your life and the good that you are doing for others and yourself. My past has shown me things in life, others and myself that I wouldn't wish upon anyone, but I can choose to pick up the pieces and build a beautiful life for myself and help others to do the same.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|Bells Ring, Drums ResoundWhen a bell is struck it rings, when a drum is beaten it resounds. This is because they are solid outside and empty within. It is because they have nothing inside that they are able to ring and resound.What I realize as I observe this is the Tao of true emptiness and ineffable existence.True emptiness is like the inner openness of a bell or a drum; ineffable existence is like the sounding of a bell or a drum when struck. If people can keep this true emptiness as their essence, and utilize this ineffable existence as their function, ever serene yet ever responsive, ever responsive yet ever serene, tranquil and unstirring yet sensitive and effective, sensitive and effective yet tranquil and unstirring, empty yet not empty, not empty yet empty, aware and efficient, lively and active, refining everything in the great furnace of Creation, then when the dirt is gone the mirror is clear, when the clouds disperse the moon appears; revealing the indestructible body of reality, they transcend yin and yang and Creation, and merge with the eternity of space.
H.L. Balcomb, Cinderella In Focus: "Curiosity is the doorway to our personal possibility!" 2nd Edition coming Oct.  31, 2017|Whomsoever embraces their creativity along with their individuality, embraces all possibility deep within.
Carroll Bryant|Girls are always complaining that they can never meet a nice guy. Nice guys are everywhere. The problem isn’t that there aren't any nice guys, the problem is that all of the nice guys are ugly.
Caitlynn Cummings|She first peered into its fascinating cases of beetles and butterflies at the age of six, in the company of her father. She recalls her pity at each occupant pinned for display. It was no great leap to draw the same conclusion of ladies: similarly bound and trussed, pinned and contained, with the objective of being admired, in all their gaudy beauty.
Claudia Hammond|In fact the flexibility of our memories makes it relatively easy because we can meld all these different memories together seamlessly to invent a new imaginary scene, one which we have never even contemplated before, let alone witnessed. The flexibility of memory seems to be the key to imagining a future. Our millions of fragments of memories from different times of our lives are not set in stone; they can change, giving us endless, instant imaginative possibilities.
Franz Kafka, Diaries of Franz Kafka|In general I lacked principally the ability to provide even in the slightest detail for the real future. I thought only of things in the present and their present condition, not because of thoroughness or any special, strong interest, but rather, to the extent that weakness in thinking was not the cause, because of sorrow and fear – sorrow, because the present was so sad for me that I thought I could not leave it before it resolved itself into happiness; fear, because, like my fear of the slightest action in the present, I also considered myself, in view of my contemptible, childish appearance, unworthy of forming a serious, responsible opinion of the great, manly future which usually seemed so impossible to me that every short step forward appeared to me to be counterfeit and the next step unattainable.
Strunk Jr., William, The Elements of Style|The skill of writing needs much patience, practicing, and time. There is no good writing from a quick effort, or a confused writer.
P.C. Cast, Awakened|He's waiting for yu, young queen.'Shocked, I stared at Seoras. 'Heath?'The Warrior's look was wise and understanding - his voice gentle. 'Aye, yur Heath probably does await you somewhere in the future, but it is of your Guardian I speak.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In a materialistic society, there’s no such a thing as a ‘romantic’ broke man.
Ice T|Today in America, we are trying to prepare students for a high tech world of constant change, but we are doing so by putting them through a school system designed in the early 20th Century that has not seen substantial change in 30 years.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|In order to get some help in your love walk, all you have to do is ask God to let you see these people through His eyes.
Kate Horsley, Confessions of a Pagan Nun|Knowledge is the stuff from which new ideas are made. Thus, the real key to being creative lies in what you do with your knowledge.
Amit Chaudhuri, Afternoon Raag|Water in the boat is the ruin of the boat, but water under the boat is its support.
Sharon Salzberg, Love Your Enemies: How to Break the Anger Habit & Be a Whole Lot Happier|Forgiveness that is insincere, forced or premature can be more psychologically damaging than authentic bitterness & rage.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|It's amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Every condition exists,” Martin Luther King Jr. once wrote, “simply because someone profits by its existence. This economic exploitation is crystallized in the slum.” Exploitation. Now, there’s a word that has been scrubbed out of the poverty debate.
Roshan Sharma|When the energy is directed outside, you create and manifest life outside, and when the same energy is directed inward, you reach to the ultimate truth of life.
Stephen King, Revival|Books are worse than wine, I say. You read one and you need another - there's no end to it. What ails you that you cannot content yourself with just living on under the sun?
Bhumibol Adulyadej|People need to realise what real happiness and success is, because success as an actor is fleeting. You can be up there one day and gone the next.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|Only since the collapse of the Soviet Union have we learned that the Soviets were in fact developing a moon rocket, known as the N1, in the sixties. All four launch attempts of the N1 ended in explosions. Saturn was the largest rocket in the world, the most complex and powerful ever to fly, and remains so to this day. The fact that it was developed for a peaceful purpose is an exception to every pattern of history, and this is one of the legacies of Apollo.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Slipping into bad attitudes and habits is like a beautiful queen growing older and uglier compared to the defined mission and personal standards. Time and again everyone who is serious about making their success more deliberate needs to stop by the mirror in their own mind and ask, “Mirror, mirror in my mind, am I still on course to succeed in life?
Slavoj Žižek|When someone respects you, s/he confronts you in private before taking you in public and/or stabbing in the back and backbiting you...
Larry King|Remember Circuit City? Bear Stearns? Lehman Brothers? Sports Authority? Once, all were billion-dollar companies - then gone in a moment. The fatal problem might be fraud or corruption, but more often, it's simply that management didn't see 'over the other side of the hill.'
Spencer W. Kimball, The Miracle of Forgiveness|When you feel neglected, think of the female salmon, who lays 3,000,000 eggs but no one remembers her on Mother's Day
Edmund Hillary|When you wake up each morning, you can choose to be happy or choose to be sad. Unless some terrible catastrophe has occurred the night before, it is pretty much up to you. Tomorrow morning, when the sun shines through your window, choose to make it a happy day.
Imran Khan|I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food; I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me.
Liz Williams|A man may have ‘his moment,’ and that moment endure for decades, or only for the few seconds it takes for a bullet to travel across a courtyard to the balcony upon which he stands as he exhorts his people to follow him.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ taught that in the sight of God one soul is worth the entire materialistic world! In God’s sight the individual is all-important. When Christ calls a man to follow Him, He calls him “out” from the “group.” Christ can fill the vacuums. He can restore your personal identity. He can become the truth to your generation.
Sarah Rubin, Someday Dancer|Sometimes we believe in miracles, and stars fall from the sky, as if the moon had poured his tears in gold.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|The secondhand experience is always better. The image is crisper, the view is keener, the camera angle and the soundtrack manipulate my emotions in a way reality can’t anymore. I don’t know that we are actually human at this point, those of us who are like most of us, who grew up with TV and movies and now the Internet. If we are betrayed, we know the words to say; when a loved one dies, we know the words to say. If we want to play the stud or the smart-ass or the fool, we know the words to say. We are all working from the same dog-eared script.
Micheline Jean Louis|It takes courage to forgive love and allow yourself to embrace it again, its like discovering wings you thought you've lost
Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader|Few people ask from books what books can give us. Most commonly we come to books with blurred and divided minds, asking of fiction that it shall be true, of poetry that it shall be false, of biography that it shall be flattering, of history that it shall enforce our own prejudices. If we could banish all such preconceptions when we read, that would be an admirable beginning.
Erica E. Goode|Sibling relationships outlast marriages, survive the death of parents, resurface after quarrels that would sink any friendship. They flourish in a thousand incarnations of closeness and distance, warmth, loyalty and distrust.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Break out to go out:The birds dare to break the egg shellIt does so in order to get out of that HellWhen it finally succeeds, it’ll then flyTo its comfort zone it’ll say byeAre you being confined in a small spaceHow long will you remain at that place?Before you can explore more territories,Break away from the former glories.Yesterday’s excellence is today’s averageYou must strive to be better age after ageNever accept the available mediocrityAs the only preferable opportunityDecide to grow from below to heroAnd make it a point to vacate level zeroReach out and arise with powerGod’s blessings on you, will showerAgree to grow, never attempt to be slowBe not afraid. Never doubt. You’ll flowThe grace of God will be your guideTaking you along, side by side.
Deborah L. Halliday, Dinnertimes: Stories of American Life 1912 to 2012|Okay. Some things were made of hope. But not this thing. This thing he was doing, that was made of surrender. He did it anyway. At least when you surrendered, you had time to kiss the people you loved good-bye.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|In the English language there are orphans and widows, but there is no word for the parents who lose a child.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|You grow ravenous. You run fevers. You know exhilarations. You can't sleep at night, because your beast-creature ideas want out and turn you in your bed. It is a grand way to live.
Heston Blumenthal|If the first requisite for writing well about food is a good appetite, the second is to put in your apprenticeship as a feeder when you have enough money to pay the check but not enough to produce indifference of the total.
Felicia Day|Do but stand still in the hour of trial, and you will see the help of God, if you trust in Him. But there is so often a forsaking the ways of the Lord in the hour of trial, and thus the food of faith, the means whereby our faith may be increased, is lost.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|Of the things that followed I cannot say at all whether they were what men call dream. And for all I can tell, the only difference is that what many see we call a real thing, and what only one sees we call a dream. But things that many see may have no taste or moment in them at all, and things that are shown only to one may be spears and water-spouts of truth from the very depth of truth.
Dada Bhagwan|Even if you insult him, he gives you his blessings; such a one only is the Gnani Purush [The enlightened one]!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Even if everybody says it’s impossible, with determination, there is always something you can do. The last thing is to give up without trying
Debasish Mridha|Knowing is important, but understanding is everything.
Amit Ray, Meditation: Insights and Inspirations|As the flower blooms in spring, compassion grows in mindfulness.
Bill Shapiro, Other People's Love Letters: 150 Letters You Were Never Meant to See|It seems only yesterday I used to believethere was nothing under my skin but light.If you cut me I could shine.But now when I fall upon the sidewalks of life,I skin my knees. I bleed.
Paulina Simons|I don't know, it's stupid being 20," she said. "I'm just not ready. It feels weird. Like somebody's pushing me from behind.
Harrish Sairaman|Knowledge is not Power, its is potential power!
SanviWords|She stood up when he approached her,Not to hug him,but to slap him.
Galileo Galilei, Discorsi E Dimostrazioni Matematiche: Intorno a Due Nuoue Scienze, Attenenti Alla Mecanica & I Movimenti Locali|See now the power of truth; the same experiment which at first glance seemed to show one thing, when more carefully examined, assures us of the contrary.
M. Mrqz|Forever Going Forward, Never Looking Back, Always, Against The Circle
Riisa Renee|Just as He had been doing even before the moment I consciously embarked on this journey, He revealed to me that it was all about love. It always has been—before the foundations of the earth—and it always will be—throughout eternity. The answers I was seeking were found in love, the healing I desperately needed also found in love. The love I sought and so desperately wanted to give was enabled, empowered, and actualized by His divine love. So nothing remains but for me to LOVE as an expression of my appreciation for His love for me: L-live an O-openly V-virtuous E-existence.
Jaeda DeWalt|Grace is darkness and light, peacefully co-existing, as illumination.
James Maslow|But after the time there I'd had it with fashion again, so I left to go to architecture school in a summer course at Harvard, which didn't last very long.
Tove Jansson, Moominvalley in November|Можно лежать на мосту и смотреть, как течет вода. Или бегать, или побродить по болоту в красных сапожках, или же свернуться клубочком и слушать, как дождь стучит по крыше. Быть счастливой очень легко.
Evangeline Walton, Witch House|I nod, because I do understand. I'm just not sure how to go about divorcing myself from the evil I've already accepted.
Cybill Cain, Haunted|Have you come to return my pussy?” I shook my head, sure the reception must be bad.	“Huh?”		“My cat. You stole my cat yesterday. Have you come to return him?
Hisham Fawzi|Customers expect salespeople to stimulate the sales process, to ask the right questions and finally to ask for their business. When this initiative or confidence is lacking, no matter how much they like you personally, they aren‘t going to respect or value you as a business partner.
Nicola Yoon, The Sun Is Also a Star|If I wanted to consume something that looks and tastes like dirt, I’d eat dirt,” I said, “at least dirt isn’t overpriced."~Beans~
Bo Lozoff|Like a child standing in a beautiful park with his eyes shut tight, there's no need to imagine trees, flowers, deer, birds, and sky; we merely need to open our eyes and realize what is already here, who we already are - as soon as we stop pretending we're small or unholy.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|War is more than battles, and battles are more than violence.
Unknown|She felt a sense that things were in order, the way they were meant to be, and that even if they tumbled down once in a while, in the end they would come back together again.
Scott Adams|If one has the answers to all the questions - that is the proof that God is not with him. It means that he is a false prophet using religion for himself. The great leaders of the people of God, like Moses, have always left room for doubt. You must leave room for the Lord, not for our certainties; we must be humble.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|People undergo several sequential steps in maturing from infancy including childhood, adolescences, young adulthood, middle age, and old age. Each stage presents distinct challenges that require a person to amend how they think and act. The motive for seeking significant change in a person’s manner of perceiving the world and behaving vary. Alteration of person’s mindset can commence with a growing sense of awareness that a person is dissatisfied with an aspect of his or her life, which cause a person consciously to consider amending their lifestyle. The ego might resist change until a person’s level of discomfort becomes unbearable. A person can employ logic to overcome the ego’s defense mechanism and intentionally integrate needed revisions in a person’s obsolete or ineffective beliefs and behavior patterns. The subtle sense that something is amiss in a person’s life can lead to a gradual or quick alteration in a person’s conscious thoughts and outlook on life. Resisting change can prolong unhappiness whereas
Dean Koontz, A Big Little Life:  A Memoir of a Joyful Dog|No matter how close we are to another person, few human relationships are as free from strife, disagreement, and frustration as is the relationship you have with a good dog. Few human beings give of themselves to another as a dog gives of itself. I also suspect that we cherish dogs because their unblemished souls make us wish - consciously or unconsciously - that we were as innocent as they are, and make us yearn for a place where innocence is universal and where the meanness, the betrayals, and the cruelties of this world are unknown.
Brian Moore, The Lonely Passion of Judith Hearne|What could he be thinking of? He seemed to be trying to remember something, perhaps an engagement, perhaps an excuse to leave her. For eventually, they all made some excuse.
Savania China|The difference between your friend and your best friend is that your friend asks, ‘Are you are ok?’ and your best friend asks, ‘Do you want to talk about it?
Robin Hoyle, Complete Training: From Recruitment to Retirement|If you don’t use your new knowledge and skills within a relatively short space of time, then it may have been better never to have had the tantalising prospect of change for the better placed in front of you.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Searching for truth without skepticism, is like having sex without a genital.
Orson Welles|The way my family always did Christmas was on Christmas Eve, it wasn't really centered around a dinner on Christmas Eve. It was more about keeping the kids calm. Sometime after dark is when we were going to open all the presents underneath the tree from Mom, Dad and the kids and everything - just the family presents was every Christmas Eve.
Francis G. Thompson, The Hound of Heaven|I fled Him down the nights and down the daysI fled Him down the arches of the yearsI fled Him down the labyrinthine waysOf my own mind, and in the midst of tearsI hid from him, and under running laughter.
Emily Brontë, Jane Eyre / Les Hauts de Hurle-Vent / Agnes Grey|The clock strikes off the hollow half-hours of all the life that is left to you, one by one.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|There is no excuse for being derogatory or dismissive about other's beliefs, paths, choices. Everyone is where they need to be at the right time to learn the right things for them and their personal journey through life.
Ruth Bell|If I marry: He must be so tall that when he is on his knees, as one has said he reaches all the way to heaven. His shoulders must be broad enough to bear the burden of a family. His lips must be strong enough to smile, firm enough to say no, and tender enough to kiss. Love must be so deep that it takes its stand in Christ and so wide that it takes the whole lost world in. He must be active enough to save souls. He must be big enough to be gentle and great enough to be thoughtful. His arms must be strong enough to carry a little child.
Future|You can practice to attain knowledge, but you can't practice to attain wisdom.
Lance Bass|It's sad that the BBC is toning down Dennis the Menace for a cartoon series. He is losing his weapons, catapult and peashooter, will no longer pick on Walter the Softy, and his ferocious grimace is to be replaced by a charming, boyish smile.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|You don't have a mommy," Gunnar proclaimed as he walked around Breccan. "Ok, I want my surrogate," Breccan said as he sped up to catch the other men. Darius came forward to walk in step beside Wharick and whispered in a discreet tone, "Please, let me kill him.
Daniel Woodrell|I always loved singing and writing poetry. I always loved music, and I've loved writing my whole life. When I put them together, it was probably in my early 20s where I put words to music for the first time.
Jenny Holzer|I long for sleep, and for soft English rain. But they do not come.
John Green|Just deleting vandalism on the Chuck Norris page," Radar said. "For instance, while I do think that Chuck Norris specializes in the roundhouse kick, I don't think it's accurate to say, 'Chuck Norris's tears can cure cancer, but unfortunately he has never cried.
Jodi Picoult, Small Great Things|What if, ladies and gentlemen, today I told you that anyone here who was born on a Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday was free to leave right now? Also, they'd be given the most central parking spots in the city, and the biggest houses. They would get job interviews before others who were born later in the week, and they'd be taken first at the doctor's office, no matter how many patients were waiting in line. If you were born from Thursday to Sunday, you might try to catch up – but because you were straggling behind, the press would always point to how inefficient you are. And if you complained, you'd be dismissed for playing the birth-day card.” I shrug. “Seems silly, right? But what if on top of these arbitrary systems that inhibited your chances for success, everyone kept telling you that things were actually pretty equal?
Charles Emmerson, 1913: In Search of the World Before the Great War|Unlike the clonal longevity of asexual organisms, sexually reproduced plants and animals usually have briefer, individual life cycles. In short, the enormous diversity afforded by the evolutionary invention of sexual reproduction came with a price—death of the individual.
Hugh Howey, Wool|Young people have many pleasures and many sorrows, because they have only themselves to think of.
George MacDonald|If the nineteenth century was the age of the editorial chair, ours is the century of the psychiatrist's couch.
Tess Gerritsen, Life Support|Only by the shuddering of the bed did Toby realize the girl was sobbing. Molly herself made no sound; it was as though her grief was trapped in a jar, her cries inaudible to anyone but her.
Mother Teresa|If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other.
Ron Brackin|Remove the comma, replace the comma, remove the comma, replace the comma...
raja shakeel mushtaque|Life is cocktail of all things- pain, pleasure, enjoyment, exploration, breaking up & healing up.The moment when you decide what to hold on and what to let go in life, the life will be more like that. And one can enjoy this cocktail only when you learn to let go things easily.
Seekerohan, Caged: The Price of Pride|No love is lost; unless we try, to make it last forever.
Raphael Bob-Waksberg|Have fun, even if it’s not the same kind of fun everyone else is having.
A. Lee Martinez, Chasing the Moon|Please don't question the insane glaresJust give me today,And tomorrow,Tomorrowwe will matter.
P.G. Wodehouse, Love Among the Chickens|I am not always good and noble. I am the hero of this story, but I have my off moments.
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|Don’t you wonder sometimes,” Miranda asked, “whether women have all the power or no power at all?
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There are more things in our biology that make us one, than there are to set us apart.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|If I wanted, I could come up with reasons to be angry with everyone I know; there are sins of commission or omission I could hang on every last person in my life… The truth is, I will never run out of people to indict. We are all guilty of so many failures to love well that if I wanted--and sometimes I do want--I could find some fault or transgression in everyone I know that I could then use to justify writing them off. I could blaze that trail to hell if I wanted to, and just the thought of it scares me off
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Lately, he had been wondering if codependence was such a bad thing. He took pleasure in his friendships, and it didn’t hurt anyone, so who cared if it was codependent or not? And anyway, how was a friendship any more codependent than a relationship? Why was it admirable when you were twenty-seven but creepy when you were thirty-seven? Why wasn’t friendship as good as a relationship? Why wasn’t it even better? It was two people who remained together, day after day, bound not by sex or physical attraction or money or children or property, but only by the shared agreement to keep going, the mutual dedication to a union that could never be codified. Friendship was witnessing another’s slow drip of miseries, and long bouts of boredom, and occasional triumphs. It was feeling honoured by the privilege of getting to be present for another person’s most dismal moments, and knowing that you could be dismal around him in return.
Staci A. Welch-Bartley|Love sucks sometimes. It can stretch you beyond what you feel you can endure. But you can, and you must get back to love and living!
Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within: A Book of Self-Esteem|I think we each come out of the womb with some unique way of looking at the world and if we don't express it, we loose faith in ourselves.
Gi Young|They tricked me in school and marketing only made it worse. Happiness, love, wellness, success are not children of luck, things to be found or to work hard for, but matters of design. A good life story is all about imagination, resilience, strategy and skills.
Vladimir Nabokov, Despair|Take the Holocaust for example: Why did God allow Hitler to kill millions of innocent Jews? Because God didn't want to step on Hitler's toes and interfere with his free will? That's a pretty lame excuse. What about the free will of all those Jews who died? I'm pretty sure that getting gassed to death was obviously not their choice. So, was the Holocaust part of God's great plan? Is that why he allowed it to happen? Is that why God didn't answer the prayers of all those Jews who begged him to make Hitler drop dead? Why didn't God just make Hitler have a heart attack before he could start World War 2? Why didn't he simply prevent Hitler from being born? How could a God who is supposed to be all good all the time allow something like the Holocaust?Or did God not just LET it happen? Maybe God MADE the Holocaust happen, because everything that happens, happens for a good reason? Are our minds simply too tiny, too inferior, to understand God's divine plan? Are we just too stupid to see the greater good that came out of the Holocaust?If that were true, and everything that happens, including the Holocaust, is part of God's perfect plan, then that means that Hitler really wasn't a bad man at all. He was actually doing God's work. And if Hitler did exactly what he was supposed to do in God's great plan, then Hitler obviously didn't have free will, but was just God's puppet. So that means Hitler was a good guy. A man of God.Sorry, but there is no religion in the world that could sell me on believing THAT bullshit.
Ogwo David Emenike|Whatever will be, will be, if and only if you let it be.
Nita Belles, In Our Backyard: A Christian Perspective on Human Trafficking in the United States|When bad things happen to men we say it’s terrible, but when bad things happen to women we say that’s just a cultural practice,” says Lou de Baca, U.S. Ambassador at Large, Office to Combat and Monitor Human Trafficking.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We must all work in harmony with each other to stand up for what is right, to speak up for what is fair, and to always voice any corrections so that the ignorant become informed and justice is never ignored. Every time a person allows an act of ignorance to happen, they delay our progress for true change. Every person, molecule and thing matters. We become responsible for the actions of others the instant we become conscious of what they are doing wrong and fail to remind them of what is right.
C. JoyBell C.|University can teach you skill and give you opportunity, but it can't teach you sense, nor give you understanding. Sense and understanding are produced within one's soul.
Stefan Zweig, The Collected Stories of Stefan Zweig|Holding a precious book meant to Mendel what an assignment with a woman might to another man. These moments were his platonic nights of love. Books had power over him; money never did. Great collectors, including the founder of a collection in Princeton University Library, tried in vain to recruit him as an adviser and buyer for their libraries—Jakob Mendel declined; no one could imagine him anywhere but in the Café Gluck. Thirty-three years ago, when his beard was still soft and black and he had ringlets over his forehead, he had come from the east to Vienna, a crook-backed lad, to study for the rabbinate, but he had soon abandoned Jehovah the harsh One God to give himself up to idolatry in the form of the brilliant, thousand-fold polytheism of books. That was when he had first found his way to the Café Gluck, and gradually it became his workplace, his headquarters, his post office, his world. Like an astronomer alone in his observatory, studying myriads of stars every night through the tiny round lens of the telescope, observing their mysterious courses, their wandering multitude as they are extinguished and then appear again, so Jakob Mendel looked through his glasses out from that rectangular table into the other universe of books, also eternally circling and being reborn in that world above our own.
Anthony Bourdain, Medium Raw: A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook|You have to be a romantic to invest yourself, your money, and your time in cheese.
Daniel Marques, The 88 Secret Codes of the Power Elite: The Complete Truth about Making Money with the Law of Attraction and Creating Miracles in Life that is Being Hidden from You with Mind Programming|When you truly love yourself, you do not accept abusive relationships, because you know you deserve better.
Mervyn Peake, Peake's Progress: Selected Writings and Drawings|Between one stride and the next, the herd of reindeer faded away. She felt a last few ghosts go with her, shoulder on shoulder, and then they too were gone and she was back, alone, in the world of humans and ravens.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Even the most aware of us do not realize the infinite power we possess or the magnitude of the ability we have to create, transmute, and transcend.
Anthony Anderson|People tend to think of Brisbane as a sleepy, sub-topical place. I don't know. It's like Baltimore or something. I don't know. You would hear the family dramas going on behind closed doors.
Albert Brooks|I wanted to make a living, but I really was not interested in money at all. I was interested in being a great comedian.
Sophie Kinsella, Twenties Girl|When I was your age, if a boy behaved badly, one simply scored his name out from one's dance card.(Sadie Lancaster - to Lara Lington)
Simeon Wright, Simeon's Story: An Eyewitness Account of the Kidnapping of Emmett Till|Where wise actions are the fruit of life, wise discourse is the pollination.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Aurora|You see, Adrian, we do many things. We assign meaning to some, and think of others as lacking it. But who's to tell when we're right - and when we're wrong?
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Chronology of Water|Mother in my first short story is dead, nobody knows how but she is dead and the father somehow madness or who knows from what he decides to start and play with the dead body. It's really a difficult moment.
Jesus Christ|Prayer is an act of love; words are not needed. Even if sickness distracts from thoughts, all that is needed is the will to love.
Karl Schroeder|A mind full of preconceived ideas, subjective intentions, or habits it not open to things as they are.
David Housholder, The Blackberry Bush|And once you've been to this Center, this Truth, you'll know your way everywhere. You are never lost again.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|How destiny plays games so thrilling,both stay in the same building.His books declared for the best seller of the year,and she lives in the apartment to his but upstairs.He is making fame, she has committed suicide severe.The same window of the tall building instigated,such varied colors.In the woman-frustration and fear.In the man- an inspiration so rare.They share the same height, same sight,of the same building.From which, one flew like kite and the other down right.
Penny Reid, Truth or Beard|The heart did ache, actually. She felt a dull grind of lack somewhere near her diaphragm, a pain that occupied the space of something removed. A phantom limb. A scratchy hunger. The wasting muscle fatigue of want.
G.K. Chesterton|Hélène slowly surveyed the room. In this respectable society, amongst these apparently decent middle-class people, were there none but faithless wives? With her strict provincial morality, she was amazed at the licensed promiscuity of Parisian life.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|Push my buttons, and I'll push you off a bridge. 
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|I was used to being invisible. People rarely saw me, and if they did, they never looked close. I wasn't shiny and charming like my brother, stunning and graceful like my mother, or smart and dynamic like my friends. That's the thing, though. You always think you want to be noticed. Until you are.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Cheating in relationship is a sign of self-regulation failure. When it happens ones, it is a mistake. When it happens twice, it is unfortunate. But when it happens thrice or more, it is a pattern indicating primitive, uncivilized inhuman behavior.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness depends on our thoughts and actions, not on wealth, splendor, or external conditions.
Larry Hagman|Death makes us sad, but it can also make us feel more alive.
Hiro Mashima|When we're all alone, it might be to frightening to bear... but we're all right beside each other. We've got our friends close by! Now, there's nothing to fear! Because we're not alone!!!
Jill Thompson|Miracles do happen, but, not always the way you expect them
Vironika Tugaleva|Most people spend their lives doing one of two things to their emotions: numbing or venting. Self-loving people do something very different—they accept each emotion as a piece of communication and they try to decode it. This way, emotions can become important guideposts on the journey of self-discovery, rather than annoying roadblocks.
Gina Barreca, It's Not That I'm Bitter . . .: Or How I Learned to Stop Worrying About Visible Panty Lines and Conquered the World|...there is a celebrated aphorism insisting that the best way to live is to 'work like you don't need the money, dance like nobody is watching, and love like you've never been hurt.'...After years of hearing and reading these lines I have decided to tell the truth: the original version is wrong. There is a grave error in the wording of this adage. The correct version should go as follows:Love like you don't need the money,Work like nobody is watching,Dance like you've never been hurt.See? Doesn't that make more sense?
Steve Maraboli|Wishful thinking does wonders for a wishful mind; but in the end, reality always has the final say.
Larry Niven, Ringworld|Swords. That is no faenorn ; that is slaughter.” The Grand Seneschal shrugged. “The Master did not protest. And, indeed, what weapon could he have suggested that would suit him any better?” “Fire,” she said. “He would not,” said the Seneschal. “You know he would not.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest Yo Mama Dirty Jokes: Yo Mama Funny, Dirty, Filthy Joke Book For Adults - Uncensored edition|Yo Mama's so fat, her ass has its own congressman!
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|When I put down Lance Armstrong’s book, I understood something profoundly. Edie, if you can move, you’re not sick. I decided right then and there that no matter what cancer did to me I would continue to move. Movement was what the physical body was designed to do; it was how it coped and functioned. Movement was vitality. It was life. I would move. Always. No matter what. Until my last breath, I would move.
Rita Levi-Montalcini|I tell young people: Do not think of yourself, think of others. Think of the future that awaits you, think about what you can do and do not fear anything.
Stefan Bachmann, A Drop of Night|Everyone is afraid of something... BUT SHOULD WE PUT EXPLOIT INSIDE EACH FEAR?*But remember those words "Nobody is fearless, as they say in words.
Stephen Fry|You are aware that what they do, they do for the world, and the results are, of course, magnificent. But when you . . . read Douglas Adams. . . you feel you are, perhaps, the only person in the world who really gets them. Just about everybody else admires them, of course, but no one really connects with them in the way you do . . . It’s like falling in love. When an especially peachy Adams’ turn of phrase or epithet enters the eye and penetrates the brain, you want to tap the shoulder of the nearest stranger and share it. The stranger might laugh and seem to enjoy the writing, but you hug to yourself the thought that they didn’t quite understand its force and quality the way you do, just as your friends, thank heavens, don’t also fall in love with the person you are going on and on about to them.
Gary Oldman|Speaking very generally, I find that women are spiritually, emotionally, and often physically stronger than men.
Elodie Yung|Fashion is really a place where every other industry connects, whether it's music or acting. At the end of the day, everyone is going to walk the red carpet and be interested in the fashion side of it. I think that's really cool because as a model, you get to connect with a lot of different worlds.
Vironika Tugaleva|Every person is driven to self-deceive, simply to get out of the discomfort of the truth. The best relationships are with people who will not let you be blind. They reveal your hidden strengths and your concealed wounds.
Noomi Rapace|The DID patient is a single person who experiences himself or herself as having separate alternate identities that have relative psychological autonomy from one another. At various times, these subjective identities may take executive control of the person’s body and behavior and/or influence his or her experience and behavior from “within.” Taken together, all of the alternate identities make up the identity or personality of the human being with DID.- Guidelines for Treating Dissociative Identity Disorder in Adults, Third Revision, p7
Debasish Mridha|Those who don’t know how to love others, how can they deserve love for themselves?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Just say “I’m sorry.” It’s not a tongue twister. It does not need repeating multiple times. The phrase is simple and short, easy to articulate. And the last time I checked, it sounded just as good—if not better—in a whisper. So just say it; say “I’m sorry.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|One of the best kinds of thrill is defining, honoring, and achieving our goals.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?|Maybe I shouldn’t have told you––about it being electrical.” She put her hand out, touched his arm; she felt guilty, seeing the effect it had on him, the change.“No," Rick said. “I’m glad to know. Or rather––“ He became silent. “I’d prefer to know.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|Years ago, a member of Congress slipped a laminated quote into my hand that he must have thought I would find meaningful. I paid little attention at first and unfortunately I don’t recall just who gave me the quote. I placed it next to my voting card and have carried it ever since. The quote came from Elie Wiesel’s book One Generation After. The quote was entitled “Why I Protest.”Author Elie Wiesel tells the story of the one righteous man of Sodom, who walked the streets protesting against the injustice of this city. People made fun of him, derided him. Finally, a young person asked: “Why do you continue your protest against evil; can’t you see no one is paying attention to you?” He answered, “I’ll tell you why I continue. In the beginning, I thought I would change people. Today, I know I cannot. Yet, if I continue my protest, at least I will prevent others from changing me.”	I’m not that pessimistic that we can’t change people’s beliefs or that people will not respond to the message of liberty and peace. But we must always be on guard not to let others change us once we gain the confidence that we are on the right track in the search for truth.
Mira Grant, Feed|machine. Unexpectedly, I'd invented a time
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|And I must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet, too,' he added thoughtfully. 'We'll be needing a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.... Dear me, we do seem to run through them, don't we?
Maeve Binchy|Civilization is a method of living, an attitude of equal respect for all men.
Mark Waid, Daredevil, Volume 7|How dare you?' Bayar began, but his voice had lost some of its force. 'How dare you come into this sacred hall, flinging accusations?''I have not yet made any accusations,' Willo said. 'Perhaps it is our own guilt clamoring in your ears.
Jason Zweig|It's inspiration that counts, not the drill.
Anthony Doerr, Four Seasons in Rome: On Twins, Insomnia, and the Biggest Funeral in the History of the World|They say a picture's worth a thousand words, but with me it always ends up being well over a hundred thousand.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|Time, Eddie had decided during this period, was in large part created by external events. When a lot of interesting shit was happening, time seemed to go by fast. If you got stuck with nothing but the usual boring shit, it slowed down. And when everything stopped happening, time apparently quit altogether. Just packed up and went to Coney Island. Weird but true.
Russell Page, The Education of a Gardener|If you wish to make anything grow, you must understand it, and understand it in a very real sense. 'Green fingers' are a fact, and a mystery only to the unpracticed. But green fingers are the extensions of a verdant heart.
Anikethana H S|If you want to say, Lucia, there is no inside of the park benches, I won’t argue with you. But, then you have to say where the pigeons come from.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|I will follow you, my love, to the edge of all our days,to our very last tomorrows.
Edmund White, Our Young Man|I will meet you where moon shines down upon our naked, writhing bodies, undulating together in a moment, which brings ecstasy to entwined hearts, beating as one...
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We are often taught to look for the beauty in all things, so in finding it, the layman asks the philosopher while the philosopher asks the photographer.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Yes, the woman." Cunco took a deep breath. "Women like her don't come along that often, you know. Maybe only every two hundred years. She everything a man could dream of. Beautiful, clever, wise, considerate, passionate--absolutely everything.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|We all have a Monster within; the difference is in degree, not in kind.
Mark Zuckerberg|When we'd suggested doing it, the Theatre Royal management had said, 'Nobody wants to see Waiting for Godot.' As it happened, every single ticket was booked for every single performance, and this confirmation that our judgment was right was sweet. Audiences came to us from all over the world. It was amazing.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|Quick, someone's coming! Look real!
Alice Munro, Friend of My Youth|Her silent singing wrapped around the story she was telling herself, which she extended further every night on the deck. (Averill often told herself stories-- the activity seemed to her as unavoidable as dreaming.) Her singing was a barrier set between the world in her head and the world outside, between her body and the onslaught of the stars.
Brandi Chastain|Sailing a boat calls for quick action, a blending of feeling with the wind and water as well as with the very heart and soul of the boat itself. Sailing teaches alertness and courage, and gives in return a joyousness and peace that but few sports afford.
Kim Edwards, The Lake of Dreams|Some dreams matter, illuminate a crucial choice or reveal some intuition that's trying to push its way to the surface. Other, though, are detritus, the residue of the day reassembling itself in some disjointed and chaotic way ... Frantic dreams, they left me tired, and I woke grouchy to another rainy day, the sky so densely gray and the rain so thick that I couldn't that I couldn't see the opposite shore [p, 166]
Geoffrey Wood|They think that if they had more belief they would pray more, so keep them lacking. Never let them realize that the opposite is true: If they prayed more, they would have more belief.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The wheels of [God’s] mercy and justice move quietly and silently, but they do move.
Raheel Farooq|The duty imposed on intellect by Life is not to suppress, but purify emotions.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|In life, most decisions are a case of let go to get.
Amit Kalantri|When someone gives you advice, just ask them to give it in writing and they will either keep mum or will run from there.
G.K. Chesterton, Manalive|Over the years, Americans in particular have been all too willing to squander their hard-earned independence and freedom for the illusion of feeling safe under someone else's authority. The concept of self-sufficiency has been undermined in value over a scant few generations. The vast majority of the population seems to look down their noses upon self-reliance as some quaint dusty relic, entertained only by the hyperparanoid or those hopelessly incapable of fitting into mainstream society.
Charlotte Eriksson|I can’t change the world, I can only change how I choose to live in it.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|Bury us, and mark our names above. Let us be free.
Marco Rubio|The education I received was a British education, in which British ideas, British culture, British institutions, were automatically assumed to be superior. There was no such thing as African culture.
Terry Tempest Williams, Pieces of White Shell|[I]n a place with absolutely no private or personal life, with the incessant worship of a mediocre career-sadist as the only culture, where all citizens are the permanent property of the state, the highest form of pointlessness has been achieved.
Thomas Brussig|People can go on telling themselves things like “Think before you speak!” or “You don’t believe that yourself” or “Forget it!” But they can also say, “Oh, what lovely flowers!” or “Are you a phone freak or something?” or “Suit yourself,” or “This record makes me feel so happy!’ Wonderful! Words are delightful little gifts we exchange like the Easter eggs we paint and hide for others to find and enjoy. I’d forgotten that, but you reminded me of it.
Kriti Sanon|Sad to say, negative advertising really works.
Anthony Liccione|Yesterday we were able to understand more than what we read; but today, we read more than what we can understand.
Rachel Vail, If We Kiss|I didn't care who kissed you first as long as I kissed you last."-George from If We Kiss
Spike Milligan|With a roof over his head he had ceased to work, living off his [war] pension and his wits, both hopelessly inadequate.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is meaningless to rise while leaving others behind! It is also unethical and selfish! If you know the paths to rise, rise altogether with others!
Richard M. Nixon|Apparently, a democracy is a place where numerous elections are held at great cost without issues and with interchangeable candidates.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|One big blow can hit and destroy any strong door in front of you. As for the 1000 feeble blows, they can’t even remove the cobwebs. Courage is the key.
Kemi Sogunle|Every time you mistreat someone, you reveal the part of you that lacks love and needs to heal.
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|The amount of money and of legal energy being given to prosecute hundreds of thousands of Americans who are caught with a few ounces of marijuana in their jeans simply makes no sense - the kindest way to put it. A sterner way to put it is that it is an outrage, an imposition on basic civil liberties and on the reasonable expenditure of social energy.
Auliq Ice|You wait and wait, you get used to waiting. But when your time comes, you must not miss it.
Nacer Eddine Boukacem|Gracie's father was an engineer, her mother an accountant. I couldn't picture either one of them yelling or throwing things or having affairs. I could see my dad doing stuff like that. Trish sure did. But Dad carried a war in his skull, and Trish was a drunk. Gracie's parents didn't have anything like that to deal with, but their daughter was falling apart on the bathroom floor.
Carrie Fisher|My advice to Robin is listen to your heart, do what you feel. Follow your heart in love and marriage as you would in careers, and you'll be fine. Robin has a great heart. He's a fabulous father.
Elysse Poetis, The Mind of a Poetess|- I believe in unlimited discovery and achievement.- I believe that dreams can become reality.- I believe in true love.- I believe in kindness and intelligence.- I trust life, regardless.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|You were a warrior, you are a warrior, you will always be a warrior!
P.T. Forsyth|Interesting, Miles thought. Like himself, Father Mark, as a child, had been reassured by the imagined proximity of God, whereas adults, perhaps because they so often were up to no good, took more comfort from His remoteness.
Abby Fabiaschi, I Liked My Life|To hell with what anyone thinks about your life, but you should know what you think about it.
Mladen Đorđević, Svetioničar - Vesnici oluje|After so many years, we kept our nearness, by paying with our distance.
Roger Zelazny, Isle of the Dead|Of all the things a man may do, sleep probably contributes most to keeping him sane. It puts brackets about each day. If you do something foolish or painful today, you get irritated if somebody mentions it, today. If it happened yesterday, though, you can nod or chuckle, as the case may be. You've crossed through nothingness or dream to another island in Time.
Howard Thurman|I don't like the showy nationalism - a tattoo, wrapping yourself in a flag - that doesn't matter to me. The way to show your patriotism and commitment is to go and support or play for your team.
Manprit Kaur, The Little Book of Big Affirmations|Affirmations are positive statements and they need to be spoken with absolute, unadulterated faith. If you only speak with your mouth, without an iota of feeling in your heart and belief in your mind, then you’re going the wrong way! You need to feel the vibrancy, the truth, and the positivity of these statements. You need to write them on your mind-slate, create an indelible influence, and engrave them in your consciousness. You can only do that by following the Three Golden Rules of Affirmations – Repetition, Belief, and Positive Expectation. Remember, by making affirmations, you are consciously programming your mind to think in a certain way, so that hopeful and happy thinking becomes a part of your being. Affirmations are a way to train the mind; and training happens when you practice, practice, practice! Training requires conscious effort, discipline, belief, and consistency. That is exactly how you need to practice your affirmations.
Lynda Mullaly Hunt, Fish in a Tree|...and with it would come that wonderful, unmistakable smell of rain, that smell of dust and water meeting that lingered for a few seconds in the nostrils and then was gone, and would be missed, sometimes for months, before the next time that it caught you and made you stop and say to the person with you, any person: That is the smell of rain, there, right now.
Felicity Brandon, Corrupted Desires: A Dark Erotic Anthology|He was a predator - a big, scary, hot-looking predator.And I wanted to be his prey.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Love may be the most excellent way, but it is also a difficult path to follow and one on which we will most assuredly stumble and fall. If we are not to lose our way, Humility must be our guide, and if we are to surmount disappointment and regain our footing, Forgiveness must be our porter.
Joe Boyd, White Bicycles: Making Music in the 1960s|Cops and Robbers in 1965 England was still a kind of Ealing comedy: crimes rarely involved firearms. The denizens of F-wing were losers in a game they had been playing against the cops. In queues for exercise, the constant questions were 'What you in for, mate?', followed by 'What you reckon you'll get?' When Freddie and I responded with 'Suspicion of drug possession' and 'We're innocent, we'll get off' they would burst into laughter, offering: 'Listen, mate, they wouldn't have you in here if they had any intention of letting you off. You're living in dreamland, you are.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You were born with potential. You were born with goodness and trust. You were born with ideals and dreams. You were born with greatness. You were born with wings. You are not meant for crawling, so don’t. You have wings. Learn to use them and fly.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|At some fundamental level, religion does not allow for compromise. It insists on the impossible. If God has spoken, then followers are expected to live up to God's edicts, regardless of the consequences. To base one's life on such uncompromising commitments may be sublime; to base our policy making on such commitments would be a dangerous thing.
Anne Rainey, Burn|Everything about him enveloped her, made her crave exactly this. His possession. In her mind something relaxed; the balance shifted. She welcomed every way he could touch her, the heat from his body, the atoms of his breath. Everything.
Danzy Senna, Caucasia|I felt sick with hatred then for my own people. If you had asked me why I hated them, I might have said that I hated them for being so loud and for being so drunk. But now I believe I hated them for suddenly being my people, not just other people. In the United States, it is very easy for me to forget that the people around me are my people. It is easy, with all our divisions, to think of myself as an outsider in my own country. I have been taught, and I have learned well, I realize now, to think of myself as distinctly different from other white folks - more educated, more articulate, less crude. But in Mexico these distinctions became as meaningless to me as they should have always been.
Carl Hiaasen, Sick Puppy|as a lobbyist he had long ago concluded there was no difference in how Democrats and Republicans conducted the business of government. The game stayed the same: It was always about favors and friends, and who controlled the dough. Party labels were merely a way to keep track of the teams; issues were mostly smoke and vaudeville. Nobody believed in anything except hanging on to power, whatever it took. .....
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|In fact, the mothers of all her girl friends impressed on their daughters the necessity of being helpless, clinging, doe-eyed creatures. Really, it took alot of sense to cultivate and hold such a pose.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|All monotheisms should return to their respective times with our thanks for everything.This is no longer their time.If they stay, they will suffer and make us suffer.If they really love humanity, they should step aside and let humanity outgrow them.This is the time when humanity needs to learn about thinking and acting collectively for his collective, or else no monotheism-presented God can ever save him.
Nargis Fakhri|I worked at The Old Globe Theater under the great baton of Craig Noel. One of the great theater heroes that we have. He was so great and so inspirational. I think I did 'Antony and Cleopatra' and 'The Taming of the Shrew'. I lived in Ocean Beach, and my rent was $140 a month.
Tony Warrick|Everything you perceive, externally, is the manifestation of some internal part of you. If it was not, it would not be present in your perceived reality.
tsegaye gebre medhin|Liberia gave life, America gives me a DREAM.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Use social events, social networks and every get-together at work to build a stronger brand YOU!
Hilaire Belloc|No, she laughed." How on earth could that be done? If you try to laugh and say ‘No’ at the same time, it sounds like neighing — yet people are perpetually doing it in novels. If they did it in real life they would be locked up.
Dana Spiotta, Innocents and Others|The repetition of the days did something to you. You knew the monotony, but you couldn't fight it. You had to invent your own repetitions to meet it. A ritual. This early, barely awake kneeling was hers.She looked deep into the black of her closed eyes. Stared into the dark. When your sense of vision has very little stimulation, it invents images. Sarah doesn't know the name for this is the Prisoner's Cinema. It is a trick of the mind, blindness turned into glorious sight. Isolation turned into hallucination. After enough time, she saw a series of lights. The false images are called phosphenes, which means "show of lights." But all Sarah knew was that it gave her vibrant colors of great depth, and patterns like a mosaic, like a tiled church floor or sometimes like the spiral of a shell. These visions would not absolve her of her time, her duty, and her deeds. Instead these visions took her through the limits of who she was and what she had done, and for this she felt gratitude, and with this, at last, consolation.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|It is real, Lass.... You are mine as I am yours.
Vincent Rodriguez III|We have a huge family history with Singapore because we have the duty-free shops in the airports. It's a very industrious city. It's beautiful, and Singaporeans have this wonderful desire for, and love of, luxury goods. You can see how well thought out and planned the city is with the best boutiques.
Brent M. Jones|Then Bacchus and Silenus and the Maenads began a dance, far wilder than the dance of the trees; not merely a dance of fun and beauty (though it was that too) but a magic dance of plenty, and where their hands touched, and where their feet fell, the feast came into existence- sides of roasted meat that filled the grove with delicious smells, and wheaten cakes and oaten cakes, honey and many-colored sugars and cream as thick as porridge and as smooth as still water, peaches, nectarines, pomegranates, pears, grapes, straw-berries, raspberries- pyramids and cataracts of fruit. Then, in great wooden cups and bowls and mazers, wreathed with ivy, came the wines; dark, thick ones like syrups of mulberry juice, and clear red ones like red jellies liquefied, and yellow wines and green wines and yellow-green and greenish-yellow.But for the tree people different fare was provided. When Lucy saw Clodsley Shovel and his moles scuffling up the turf in various places (when Bacchus had pointed out to them) and realized that the trees were going to eat earth it gave her rather a shudder. But when she saw the earths that were actually brought to them she felt quite different. They began with a rich brown loam that looked almost exactly like chocolate; so like chocolate, in fact, that Edmund tried a piece of it, but he did not find it all nice. When the rich loam had taken the edge off their hunger, the trees turned to an earth of the kind you see in Somerset, which is almost pink. They said it was lighter and sweeter. At the cheese stage they had a chalky soil, and then went on to delicate confections of the finest gravels powdered with choice silver sand. They drank very little wine, and it made the Hollies very talkative: for the most part they quenched their thirst with deep draughts of mingled dew and rain, flavored with forest flowers and the airy taste of the thinnest clouds.
Amby C. Ezem|And when you lay in bed with your wife,are you mentally there or with the women on TV? Or the women who you've been intimate with though the screens? You not only compare your wife to these women but also love her as though she was someone elsePhysically present when making love to her but mentally absent from herYou kiss her lips while your heart kisses the "screen woman
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|Do the things that you always wanted to, without me there to hold you back, don't think just do, more than anything I want to see you go, take a glorious bite out of the whole world
Warren G. Bennis, Geeks and Geezers: How Era, Values and Defining Moments Shape Leaders|Neoteny is more than retaining a youthful appearance, although that is often part of it. Neoteny is the retention of all those wonderful qualities that we associate with youth: curiosity, playfulness, eagerness, fearlessness, warmth, energy. Unlike those defeated by time and age, our geezers have remained much like our geeks – open, willing to take risks, hungry for knowledge and experience, courageous, eager to see what the new day brings. Time and lost steal the zest from the unlucky, and leave them looking longingly at the past. Neoteny is a metaphor for the quality – and the gift – that keeps the fortunate of whatever age focused on all marvelous undiscovered things to come.
D. H. Lawrence|If you want to achieve your dreams, you must follow them, and the best way to follow them is not to think about wanting to be very rich, but to think about doing something that you really want to do.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez|In imagination, there's no limitation.
Paul W. Kahn, Putting Liberalism in Its Place|In the Judeo-Christian tradition, we carry forward the basic insight our fundamental relationship to the world is one of love. Christians say that “God is Love,” that God created the universe out of love. The source of God’s Creation is love, and our relationship to the possibility of meaning within this created world is in and through love. The Christian community is a reciprocal relationship among subjects who love and are loved. The subject maintains the meaning of God’s Creation by taking up a Christ-like love toward others. The appearance of meaning in the world—love’s product—is always a manifestation of the divine. Liberalism turns away from this entire tradition of thought, in party because of its association with religion, and in part because this tradition resists the analytic form of reason. For liberalism, religion is individualized and privatized, and thus it cannot be used in the explanation or justification of a public space. If it does invade the public, it threatens irrationality. But religion is no less an effort to understand the character of our experience, and even a secular philosophy must not ignore that experience. We cannot simply deny what we cannot place within our categories of analysis. (221)
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|God must have a weird sense of values, and if there’s a Judgment Day, as some folks think, He’s going to have a lot to answer for.
Willow Smith|I loved the glamour and excitement of the games and, in particular, knowing the names of each and every one of the referees - that's because my mom, a former basketball player, would yell at them from our front-row seats for making bad calls!
Manmeet Singh Narang|The day you start accepting that life is a bitch and laughing over it, is the day you won't seem to mind how many puppies she gives.
Lady Gaga|It doesn't matter who you are, or where you come from, or how much money you've got in your pocket. You have your own destiny and your own life ahead of you.
Gary D. Schmidt, First Boy|He felt it deep, like a stone too big to heft out of the garden. He just had to how around it and make do.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|What is it about the relationship of a mother that can heal or hurt us? Her womb is the first landscape we inhabit. It is here we learn to respond - to move, to listen, to be nourished and grow. In her body we grow to be human as our tails disappear and our gills turn to lungs. Our maternal environment is perfectly safe - dark, warm, and wet. It is a residency inside the Feminine. When we outgrow our mother's body, our cramps become her own. We move. She labors. Our body turns upside down in hers as we journey through the birth canal. She pushes in pain. We emerge, a head. She pushes one more time, and we slide out like a fish. Slapped on the back by the doctor, we breath. The umbilical cord is cut - not at our request. Separation is immediate. A mother reclaims her body, for her own life. Not ours. Minutes old, our first death is our own birth.
William Faulkner|At one time I thought the most important thing was talent. I think now that — the young man or the young woman must possess or teach himself, train himself, in infinite patience, which is to try and to try and to try until it comes right. He must train himself in ruthless intolerance. That is, to throw away anything that is false no matter how much he might love that page or that paragraph. The most important thing is insight, that is ... curiosity to wonder, to mull, and to muse why it is that man does what he does. And if you have that, then I don't think the talent makes much difference, whether you've got that or not.]
Jennifer Donnelly|Think you only kings have power? Stand on a stage and hold the hearts of men in your hands. Make them laugh with a gesture, cry with a word. Make them love you. And you will know what power is.
Anne Rice, Blackwood Farm|No, but one can feel desperate at any age, don’t you think? The young are eternally desperate,” he said frankly. “And books, they offer hope — that a whole universe might open up from between the covers, and falling into that universe one is saved.
Collette West, Inside Game|She picked up a taco, took a big bite, and moaned as it made its way down to her stomach. "I want to marry this taco.""Lucky taco."Honor stilled. That voice. That one-of-a-kind masculine scent. Bryce stood right behind her.
Debasish Mridha|It is interesting that we know how the world and the planetary systems work, but we don’t know how we think and why we are conscious.
Charlotte Snead|. . . it’s okay if we get mad at each other?”“Yeah, Buddy, it’s OK, as long as we don’t stay mad, and as long as we forgive each other when we mess up.”from upcoming book, "When I Am in Your Arms.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|I slashed a wide arc with Riptide and vaporized the entire front row of monsters.Back off!” I yelled at the rest, trying to sound fierce. Behind them stood their instructor—a six-foot-tall telekhine with Doberman fangs snarling at me. I did my best to stare him
Swami Dhyan Giten|Enlightenment is not an experience at all, because the experiencer is lost. The "I", the ego is lost.Enlightenment is more like an experiencing. It is a process. It begins, but it never ends. You enter it, but you can never possess it. It is a deep merging and melting with Existence. It is a oneness. It is like a drop dropping into the Ocean.
Nikki Rowe|To be a pioneer of your own life, living an existence that has purpose and meaning you must first remove the past baggage that takes up space in all of your body, home and surroundings. Clean out the core soul clutter of built up three dimensional pathways to allow yourself the energy to overcome, heal and outgrow what no longer is. We are taught that our realities are a reflection of our thoughts and emotions and that we can alter anything with the law of attraction and i couldn't disagree more. Its so much deeper than that, it'd be insanity if it were that simple. Thoughts are powerful, i believe that much but without practical steps, vision and risks towards something that sets your soul on fire; changes and adverse situations to try distract you from your truth; words are just words and the meaning we give them can vary from person to person. We attract what we give focus to, we collide with the energy we hold within ourselves, we are constant mirrors of a bio product of the enviroment in which we have not only created but accepted or tolerated, regardless of what we percieve our circumstances to be. When you can sit with that truth and hold yourself accountable for your part in the unfolding of your journey you will come to a realization of self that will guide you all the way home. Becoming a pioneer is mastering self in few aspects within the human conciousness, be the change, let the way you live be your story.
Noah Levine, Against the Stream: A Buddhist Manual for Spiritual Revolutionaries|Everything is impermanent. Every physical and mental experience arises and passes. Everything in existence is endlessly arising out of causes and conditions. We all create suffering for ourselves through our resistance, through our desire to have things different than the way they are - that is, our clinging or aversion.
George R.R. Martin|The ground was so far below him, he could barely make it out through the grey mists that whirled around him, but he could feel how fast he was falling, and he knew what was waiting for him down there. Even in dreams, you could not fall forever. He would wake up in the instant before he hit the ground, he knew. You always woke in the instant before you hit the ground.
Yvette Nicole Brown|Even if you're unhappy, just pretend that you're happy. Eventually, your smile will be contagious to yourself. I had to learn that. I used to think, 'I'm being fake,' but you know what? Better to be fake and happy than real and miserable.
Donald Barthelme|Hey, get a load of those two! It must be mating season or something...
Charlotte Lamb, Night Music|Maybe our marriage is bound to be a fight, but it will have its compensations. Fights that end in bed have their own singular excitement, remember.
Ban Ki-moon|I challenged God. I said, 'God, I know that I'm a sinner. I know that I won't probably have peace until You're in my heart. But I will not let You in my heart until You answer me, why? Why did you take my arms and legs? Why didn't You give me what everybody else has? God, until You answer me that question, I will not serve You.'
Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Saving Your Kingdom|My friends wanted their names in the list of employees of some company, well I wanted my name in the list of the heroes of the world.
Stephen Hawking|Fear is an underrated emotion. And that's why I think it's very dangerous to try and cosset children from it. A healthy scare is as good as as a healthy laugh. In fact, they're two sides of the same coin. There is a desire to shield from the knocks and bumps of reality.
Stephen R. Prothero, God Is Not One: The Eight Rival Religions That Run the World--and Why Their Differences Matter|If religion is about the sacred as opposed to the profane, the spirit as opposed to matter, the Creator as opposed to the created, Confucianism plainly does not qualify. But perhaps what we are to learn from this tradition is not that Confucianism is not a religion but that not all religious people parse the sacred and the secular the way Christians do.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Stop allowing your outdated ideas to hinder your progress. How would your life be different if you became open to new information that can refine, improve, enhance your way of thinking, and empower your way of living?
Anirban Bose, Bombay Rains, Bombay Girls|There is such dissociation between what the eyes see and what the mind envisions. The final thought is just a matter of interpretation, coloured by our experiences.
Nora Roberts, Tribute|I caught him by the collar and dumped him into the nearest bin."That's where people like YOU belong!" I spat at him as his legs wiggled in the air. "In the garbage!" - Chapter 2: Miserable Torture
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|For God did not give us a spirit of timidity, but of power and of love and of calm and well balanced mind and discipline and self-control.
William Hazlitt|I read on my iPad when I travel. I listen to audiobooks in the car. I read books in my bedroom, where I have a comfortable couch, a lamp and two dogs to keep me warm.
Sakura Tsukuba|The door closed behind her (Phoebe), and the two men regarded each other for a moment. Viktor spoke first. "I must have your promise, Coach, that you won't hurt her." Dan: "I won't." Viktor: "You spoke a little too quickly for my taste. I don't quite believe you." Dan: "I'm a man of my word, and I promise I won't hurt her." He flexed his hands. "When I murder her, I'll do it real quick so she won't feel a thing." Viktor sighed. "That's exactly what I was afraid of.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|I do not think I responded immediately, for it took me a moment or two to fully digest these words of Miss Kenton. Moreover, as you might appreciate, their implications were such as to provoke a certain degree of sorrow within me. Indeed- why should I not admit it? - at that moment, my heart was breaking.
Virginia Mayo, The Best Years of My Life|I took my clothes out of the cupboard and looked at myself in the mirror. I dropped the wet towel. i took a long, clear-eyed look at myself. that i was different was nowhere apparent.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|So it is that supernatural horror is the product of a profoundly divided species of being. It is not the pastime of even our closest relations in the wholly natural world: we gained it, as part of our gloomy inheritance, when we became what we are. Once awareness of the human predicament was achieved, we immediately took off in two directions, splitting ourselves down the middle. One half became dedicated to apologetics, even celebration, of our new toy of consciousness. The other half condemned and occasionally launched direct assaults on this "gift.
Jorge Luis Borges, Collected Fictions|Be not afraid life with all its despair, pain and unhappiness is just a crucible wherein your brighter dreams are conceived, shaped and born
Kimberly Guilfoyle|If I was applying for a legal position, I would highlight my experience working for the San Francisco-L.A. DA's office, and I would mention some of the high-profile cases I did, but if I was looking for another television job, I would gloss over that, and I'd mention the highlight reel of what I did in television.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I was just thinking if the sex with you is one-tenth as fun as arguing with you. I'll be one happy bastard.""You'll never find out. You--------" He kissed me. ~ Jack Travis & Ella Varner
Bill Goldberg|Mayweather Promotions - we are the past, the present, and the future of sports and entertainment, and everybody knows Mayweather's pay is better.
Elmore Leonard|If it sounds like writing, I rewrite it
- Felicity Chapman, Connected: Bonds Deep|There is always stardust in my eyes when I look at you, my love.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, STEDFARST|I'm sorry, she thought. But she said nothing. I can't save you or anybody else from being dark. She thought of Frank. I wonder if he's dead yet. Said the wrong things; spoke out of line. No, she thought. Somehow he likes Japs. Maybe he identifies with them because they're ugly. She had always told Frank that he was ugly. Large pores. Big nose. Her own skin was finely knit, unusually so. Did he fall dead without me? A fink is a finch, a form of bird. And they say birds die.
Scroobius Pip|Beauty walks a razors edge, someday I'll make it mine.
Franz Kafka|Whoever has not begun the practice of prayer, I beg for the love of the Lord not to go without so great a good. There is nothing here to fear but only something to desire.
Bonnie J. Morris, The Disappearing L: Erasure of Lesbian Spaces and Culture|Love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love, cannot be killed or swept aside.
JV|Would you wish that someone about cares you?Start care about someone, Then will you definitely deserve at least one person who cares about you!
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|He stared at his feet. “I’m still very ignorant,” he said, “but at least I’m ignorant about really important things.
Art Buchwald|He wanted to tell her that if it were simply a matter of crossing the river Styx and trading places with Beau, he'd be gone in a heartbeat.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|Already, Cullum felt a stirring of interest. The name Horace and the mention of an oakleaf symbol struck a chord in his memory. Sir Horace, the Oakleaf Knight, was a legendary figure in Araluen, even in a place as remote as Norgate. Of course, the more remote the location, the more garbled and fantastic the legends became. As Cullum had hear tell, Sir Horace had been a youth of sixteen when he defeated the tyrant Morgarath in single combat, slicing the head off the evil lord's shoulders with one might strocke of a massive broadsword.Then, in the company of the equally legendary Ranger Halt, Sir Horace had traveled across the Stormwhite Sea to defeat the Riders from the East and rescue Princess Cassandra and her companion, the apprentice Ranger known as Will. Will! The significance of the name suddenly registered with the innkeeper. The jongleur's name was Will. Now here he was, in a cowled cloak, festooned with recurve bow and a quiver of arrows. He looked more closely and saw the hilt of a heavy saxe knife just visible at his waist. No doubt about it, Cullum thought, these cheerful young men were two of Araluen's greatest heroes!
Suzette R. Hinton|Honoring your feelings awakens your soul. Feelings keep you awake. And it is from that awake place, that sound, that you build your life.
Adrastus Rood, Manly Hero|Chapter 9 - Marissa's Lake:“We’ve got incoming,” said Benter scrambling up, grabbing Jake’s arm and running back into the snake tunnel almost dragging Jake until he righted himself and jerked loose from Benter’s hold. At a dead run, they rounded the bend that had previously led to the red sky. The crashing noise of falling rock echoed by them and they backed up to the side of the tunnel. Benter held his finger up to his mouth. He slowly edged forward to peek back beyond the bend. The colossal dragon tried to dig and burn its way into the tunnel, but it was ten times the size of the tunnel opening. The beast inhaled a deep breath, seemingly to suck every bit of air from the tunnel. Benter felt himself breathe harder, becoming lightheaded. The dragon continued to inhale and Benter realized the exhale would be a huge fire bomb. “RUN!” yelled Benter, but Jake had read his mind and was already ahead of him running as fast as he could. Within seconds of their exit the dragon released the fire missile and great licking flames raced towards them in a hungry fervor.
Deepak Ranjan, Nights of the Velvet: A Conditional Dream|The day, before sleeping; I recalled everything… to crosscheck that - whether I was wrong at any point of time! Then I realized – it’s not mandatory that the way you perceive life will be the same in which others envision it.
Ishmael Beah|After it is all over, the religion of man is his most important possession.
Rupansh Gupta|Ohh,' said the girl with a sad tilt of her
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Have you positioned yourself to be reachable and accessible by those you seek to serve and make an impact on? Do they know where and how to find you, either physically or in the cyber realm? If they cannot reach you for whatever reason, then you have not done your homework, because you are supposed to have a strategy to reach them before they can even look for you! Otherwise someone else will meet them along the way as they look for you.
Joanne Harris|Betelgeuse, Achenar. Orion. Aquila. Centre the Cross and you have a steady compass. But there's no compass for my ever disoriented soul, only ever beckoning ghost lights. In the one sure direction, to the one sure end.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Little Italy|I also like ladies. And not as in shopping buddies, but in the carnal sense.
William Shakespeare|Come live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove, That valleys, groves, hills, and fields, Woods, or steepy mountain yields.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|Clearly I miss Him, having been brought up in religion. But now a man must be responsible to himself.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|You know it's real when reality becomes a dream, the dream becomes real, and real feels unreal
Alyson Noel, Art Geeks and Prom Queens|But why didn't you just ask me?" I set down my fork and glare at her. "Because you were sleeping," She says, taking a sip if Chardonnay."I was taking a nap, Mom. It wasn't intended to be some kind of Disney fairy-tale hundred-year snooze.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The real safety net of life is community, family and nature.
Karon Waddell|Fifty years from now, I will not be remembered for how much money I earned, the type of home I lived in or the car I drove, but on whether I made a difference to someone's life.
Cristina García, Dreaming in Cuban|For me, the sea was a great comfort, Pilar. But it made my children restless. It exists now so we can call and wave from opposite shores.
Roger Miller|I always like walking in the rain, so no one can see me crying.
Dora J. Arod|This book (Jarod Kintz's book) is trash. I mean, I assume it is, because that's where I found it while scrounging for lunch. However, I must admit that I haven't read it. I would have, but I am homeless, mainly due to my illiteracy (though Big Government, Keynesian monetary policy, and my struggle with alcoholism certainly played a large role).
Lynda Barry|You keep seeing your picture on posters that you are missing but you're not. That'd be weird, right? Or say you look down at the sidewalk and earthworms are spelling your name. Or you open a peanut bag and the 'hello' is written in your writing on the inside of the shell. Would that weird ya?
Manal Al-Sharif, Daring to Drive: A Saudi Woman’s Awakening|I got a text from my husband. “Manal, you are divorced,” it read. “Your papers are in the court of Khobar.” I was divorced in my absence, just as I had been married.
M. Judeth Nelson, Who's Been Sleeping In My Bed?|Well, I've got tomorrow morning off, so I thought I might spend that thinking about her. Basically, my plan is to maybe just romantically obsess over her but not really do anything about it.
Franz Kafka|The Kafka paradox: art depends on truth, but truth, being indivisable, cannot know itself: to tell the truth is to lie. thus the writer is the truth, and yet when he speaks he lies.
Haruki Murakami|She wasn't trying to overcome life, only to get along with it, to blend with the processes she could scarcely understand in a world that had permitted her no solid ground.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|Until a man love God, can he love his neighbour.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you are in love, your eyes see him only, your ears hear him only, your mouth speaks of him only, your mind thinks of him only, your heart desires him only, your soul lives for him only; your entire universe revolves around him only.
Deyth Banger|Monsters, ghost and everything spiritual and non-spiritual exists. Because we create it, the way to stop it..., is just to stop thinking about it. - (This is how I solve the problem)
Sally Ride|Everything's got space between it, the planets, trees, your eyes. Your eyes get too close together, it's a whole different world. You can lose perspective.
Sophie Oak, Siren in the City|Just because I know what I want doesn't mean I can have it,
Jackie Haze, Borderless|In the lowest of lows you can learn the highest of highs, and that often when you get to the point of wanting to die, it’s because you already have and are truly aching to live.
John C. Maxwell|Sweet are the uses of adversity,Which, like the toad, ugly and venomous,Wears yet a precious jewel in his head;And this our life, exempt from public haunt,Finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks,Sermons in stones, and good in every thing.
Jon-Robert Holden, Blessed Footsteps: Memoirs of JR Holden|Tomorrow you may look up and see me as a lawyer, a doctor, business executive,teacher - or WHATEVER I BELIEVE I CAN BE !My story isn't about nice handles or quickness on the court ,but about HARD WORK, PERSEVERANCE, and FAITH! I know God's blessings ,I can accomplish anything and i mean ANYTHING!!!
Mother Angelica|I like to take my own time, and I don't like to rush. I do take time, and I have patience.
Monica Fairview, The Other Mr. Darcy|It is an infirmity of our nature to mingle our interests and prejudices with the operation of our reasoning powers, and attribute to the objects of our likes and dislikes qualities they do not possess and effects they can not produce.
Amy Smith, All Roads Lead to Austen: A Yearlong Journey with Jane|Sence and Sensibility, for instance, came out in three separate volumes, as did Pride and Prejudice (so the next time you read one of the ubiquitous time-travel Austen adaptations and somebody picks up a single-volume first edition, you can hit your nerd buzzer and say "wrong!").
Bangambiki Habyarimana|This is the kind of corruption we understand, the corruption of the petty clerk writ large, and so this is the kind of corruption we look for. This is the kind of guilt we expect and understand: personal, targeted, involving suitcases. We really need suitcases.
Charles R. Swindoll, Moses: A Man of Selfless Dedication: Profiles in Character from|...when you trust the Lord God to give you the next step, when you wait in humility upon Him, *He* will open the doors or close them, and you'll get to rest and relax until He says, 'Go.
Don Winslow, The Power of the Dog|All this and the wine's coming in and out, and by the time the waiters set the espressos down Callan’s about half in the bag. He watches Calabrese take a long sip from an espresso cup. Then the boss says, 'Tell me why I shouldn’t kill you.' One motherfuck of an essay question. 
John de Ruiter, The Intelligence of Love: Manifesting Your Being in This World|With Nectar in your Mind instead of Thinking, you have Understanding band Wisdom
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|Principal Principal: Where's your late pass, mister?Errant Student: I'm on my way to get one now. PP: But you can't be in the hall without a pass. ES: I know, I'm so upset. That's why I need to hurry, so I can get a pass. Principal Principal pauses with a look on his face like Daffy Duck's when Bugs is pulling a fast one. PP: Well, hurry up, then, and get that pass.
Alan Dean Foster|Brown v. Board is the foundation by which all Americans can look for hope - hope for their children, hope for their families, and hope for a better future.
Joyce Rachelle|She might be the best-dressed little girl in her elementary school class, but she was still a Greek. Her parents spoke a foreign language, their food was different, and she looked different from the children she went to school with in Corktown.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Then he made the mistake of looking into her eyes and froze. Her expression was so open, so full of tenderness and longing as well as heat that he almost balked. This was supposed to be about closure, about having the goodbye they’d never gotten last time. How was he supposed to leave after if she gave herself to him this completely? Her hand came up to cradle the side of his face, her thumb stroking back and forth across his jaw, her touch gentle and loving. “Need you,” she murmured,It was good. Even better than he remembered. Liam buried his face in the side of her neck and sucked in a breath, struggling to hang on. Being cradled in Honor’s arms, buried to the hilt inside her while she opened her body and heart to him was the most incredible thing in the world. How the f*&^ was he going to walk away later? Without warning his eyes began to sting. As though she sensed how close he was to coming unglued, Honor murmured to him and pressed kisses to the side of his face, her hand urging his head to turn toward her. Liam shook his head, unable to bear that final level of intimacy when he knew this was their last time. Keeping his face in her neck he fought back the swell of emotion and began to move, a slow, shallow rocking motion that was more profound than words could ever be. He loved her. Would always love her, but it wasn’t enough because some things couldn’t be undone and he just couldn’t let her in the way he had before. All they had left was this bittersweet farewell, and he was going to make it memorable. .... A lump settled in his throat and he squeezed his eyes shut, torn between the excruciating pleasure swelling inside him and the need to see her face as he took her this last time. In the end, his heart won out. Powerless to stop himself, he lifted his head and looked down at her. Anguish sliced through his chest when he saw the tears glistening in her beautiful eyes. Don’t. Don’t cry. Shit, he didn’t want either of them to hurt anymore. He was sick of hurting. That’s why he was ending it all tonight. With a low sound of regret he covered her mouth with his, his tongue sliding against hers as he took her. Honor kissed him back deep and slow...Cupping her cheek with his free hand he gave her everything he had left to give, allowing his emotional shields to drop for these final moments.She ran her fingertips up and down his back in a soothing motion, her body limp and pliant beneath his, legs still wrapped around him. And all of a sudden he felt like crying. He felt too much, was in too deep again.He didn’t know what to say to make this any easier. After what they’d just shared he was more conflicted than ever about what to do. “I’ll miss you,” she murmured, and he caught the slight catch in her voice. Ah, fu&%. He gritted his teeth. It would be so much easier if they could just hate each other. For a moment he considered saying something to make her do exactly that, but couldn’t. Even he wasn’t enough of an a**hole to end things that way. And that look on her face… Against his better judgment, Liam sat back down on the edge of the bed and pulled her into his arms. Honor went willingly into his embrace, pressing her face to his chest as she hugged him tight in return. “I’ll miss you too.” Dammit, he should never have come here tonight. “I wish it could be different, but I just… I can’t do this anymore.” I’ll always love you but I can’t afford to let you back in again. “I’m sorry.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|The yoga asana practice was developed to get the body in the best physical condition possible, so that the yoga practitioner would be able to sit for many hours comfortably in meditation. In order to reach the higher spiritual vibrations we must be as strong, flexible and open as possible.
Mo Yan, Red Sorghum|It isn't by getting out of the world that we become enlightened, but by getting into the world…by getting so tuned in that we can ride the waves of our existence and never get tossed because we become the waves.
Sarah  Miller, The Lost Crown|Maria cries unashamedly on my shoulder while I whisper and pet her cheek, but Anastasia grips my other hand and stares fiercely back at our Alexander Palace with her wet blue eyes until it is no more than a lemon-colored speck against the sunrise.
Cassandra Clare, Lord of Shadows|[Kieran]his head propped on a stack of poetry books he’d brought from the library. Almost all of them had been inscribed on the inside cover by a James Herondale, who had neatly written out his favorite lines.
Daniel Ionson, And the Truth Shall Make You Flee: Confronting the Truth-Seekers' Fears and Failures|Your patterns of thought, existing bodies of knowledge, beliefs, predispositions, etc. are the 'stuff of your mental universe'. We are always subject to the power of our mental inertia. The waves in our mental oceans can never be magically stilled, and are therefore always impacting our new beliefs, even when we become scrutinizing adults. It is simply impossible to 'wipe the slate clean' and start over. These effects remain with us throughout our entire lives. Even the beliefs that we later discard are difficult to completely negate, and leave their own residual effects.
M.F. Moonzajer|It is in the imperceptible space between that which touches and that which is touched that one body can be felt, no matter how closely, to be different from another.
Mark Forsyth, The Elements of Eloquence: How to Turn the Perfect English Phrase|Any fool can write a bad advertisement, but it takes a genius to keep his hands off a good one.
Ralph Marston|We are given to the cult of personality; when things go badly we look to some messiah to save us. If by chance we think we have found one, it will not be long before we destroy him.
Hitomi Kanehara, Snakes and Earrings|All I could do was escape from reality, but every time I tried to escape from the pain, that same pain told me that I had probably been falling in love with him.
Sam Brownback|I am the baby in the family, and I always will be. I am actually very happy to have that position. But I still get teased. I don't mind that.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Fred, you next," the plump woman said. "I'm not Fred, I'm George," said the boy. "Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother? Can't you tell I'm George?" "Sorry, George, dear." "Only joking, I am Fred," said the boy and off he went.
Neil Postman|Poverty is a great educator. Having no boundaries and refusing to be ignored, it mostly teaches hopelessness. But not always. Politics is also a great educator. Mostly it teaches, I am afraid, cynicism. But not always. Television is a great educator as well. Mostly it teaches consumerism. But not always. It is the "not always" that keeps the romantic spirit alive in those who write about schooling. The faith is that despite some of the more debilitating teachings of culture itself, something can be done in school that will alter the lenses through which one sees the world; which is to say, that nontrivial schooling can provide a point of view from which what IS can be seen clearly, what WAS as a living present, and what WILL BE as filled with possibility
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Desire. Enthusiasm. Purpose. Pleasure. Delight. Peace. Power. However you define passion, it is at the heart of your motivation.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 5|[If a man] postpone[s] any open acknowledgement... that his own faith is in direct opposition to the assumptions on which all the conversation of his new friends [are] based... he will be in a false position. He will be silent when he ought to speak and laugh when he ought to be silent. He will assume, at first only by his manner, but presently by his words, all sorts of cynical and sceptical attitudes which are not really his. But... they may become his. All mortals tend to turn into the thing they are pretending to be.
Jill Shalvis, My Kind of Wonderful|Cupping a cheek in each hand, he lifted her back up to his desk and pressed his hips hard into hers.	Her eyes were worried. "But people keep coming---"	"The next person to come is going to be you," he said.
H.P. Lovecraft|Ocean is more ancient than the mountains, and freighted with the memories and the dreams of Time.
Albert Claude|I often visit Maria Tatar's 'The Grimm Reader' for a cold dose of courage. Her translations come from the Brothers Grimm, whose now-famous collection of 'Kinder- und Hausmarchen' ('Children's and Household Tales') was first published in 1812. The book was not intended for young readers.
Jeanne Marie Laskas|You think, 'Musicals, they must always be romantic' - You'd be surprised how few of them historically have ever been romantic.
Anitra Shelton-Quinn, Becoming Incredibly Irresistible: A Guide to Living the Abundant Life|You have immense power--power to overcome, power to achieve, power to possess, and power to prosper, making you incredibly irresistible.
Debasish Mridha|Common sense is a chaotic aggregate of disparate conceptions, and one can find there anything that one like.
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Your Primal efforts must be fun, energising and easy to maintain at all times, otherwise, you are destined to fail.
Auliq Ice|Truth can hurt, but truth will bring you justice. Embrace the pain, and the truth shall set you free.
Benito Mussolini|Our minds must be as ready to move as capital is, to trace its paths and to imagine alternative destinations.
Paul Feig|It's failure, really, that you grow by, although nobody likes to experience it.
Bill Watterson|Specifically, I’d like to debate whether cannibalism ought to be grounds for leniency in murders, since it’s less wasteful.
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|All loss is one, and one loss becomes all, a single death is the key to the gate that bars memory.
A. Zavarelli, Crow|The careless, the lukewarm Catholics should, above all, dread hell, for he is continually walking on the brink of the infernal abyss. He makes little of the precepts of hearing Mass, of the prescribed abstinence from flesh meat, he scruples not neglecting the religious training of his children, he associates with persons and frequents places that are to him an occasion of sin, he yields to impure thoughts, commits sins of impurity without remorse, gives way to his vindictive feelings against his neighbor, indulges in excess in eating and drinking, neglects prayer and the sacraments. Now is the time for him to be aroused from his life of sin, now is the time for him to give up sin and change his life, for if he defers doing so, it may soon be to late. This may, indeed, be the last warning that God gives him.
Peter F. Drucker, Innovation and Entrepreneurship: Practice and Principles|Each experience of love nudges us toward the Story of Interbeing, because it only fits into that story and defies the logic of Separation.
Jewel, Never Broken: Songs Are Only Half the Story|I wish you'd stop desperately trying to get my attention like this," he said. "It's become embarrassing.""Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt," she told him."I can't help it. I use my rapier wit to hide my inner pain.
James Crow|His tongue fucks my mouth the way his cock fills my pussy. Deeply, urgently, and completely unrestrained.
Akshay Vasu|Tell me, about the light that you are trying to find. Tell me, where you are searching for it. For all the places you had been and for every moment you failed. You forgot to look around and realise that everyone you meet, is doing the same. The day you realise that the light, which you always searched for, was inside you. And you are the home, for all the answers to every question you ever had. The time will freeze at once for you. You become the light that you always searched.
Tawny Lara|If you're not creating, you're disintegrating.
Wallace Stegner, All the Little Live Things|I have always said that the way to deal with the pain of other’s is by sympathy, which is suffering with, and that the way to deal with one’s own pain is to put one foot after the other. Yet I was never willing to suffer with others, and when my own pain hit me, I crawled into hole. Sympathy I have failed in, stoicism I have barely passed. But I have made straight A’s in irony- that curse, that evasion, that armor, that way of staying safe while seeming wise. One thing I have learned hard, if indeed I have learned it now: it is a reduction of our humanity to hide from pain, our own or other’s. to hide from anything. That was Marian’s text. Be open, be available, be exposed, be skinless. Skinless? Dance around in your bones.
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|Recently she had become intrigued by the admiring glances of other women. The admiration of her own sex existed on a higher and more intense plane than anything men could offer, like the romantic rivalries of sisters. Together, women formed a conspiracy of glances entirely exchanged behind the backs of their menfolk.
Bluenscottish|Change is not the words you believe, it is the belief others have in you.~bns
J. Michael Straczynski|The future is all around us, waiting in moments of transition to be born in moments of revelation. No one knows the shape of the future or where it will take us. We know only that it is always born in pain.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|He carries no burden, he feels no pain. What man, like woman, lies down in the darkness and gets up with child? The gentle, smiling ones own the good secret. Oh, what strange wonderful clocks women are. They nest in Time. They make flesh that holds fast and binds eternity.
Raheel Farooq|Beauty was worthIts every sorrow, mind's fading or World's ending,As darkness covered the garden that is the earth.
Flannery O'Connor, The Violent Bear It Away|Meeks was telling him about the value of work. He said that it had been his personal experience that if you wanted to get ahead, you had to work. He said this was the law of life and it was no way to get around it because it was inscribed on the human heart like love thy neighbour. He said these two laws were the team that worked together to make the world go round and that any individual who wanted to be a success and win the pursuit of happiness, that was all he needed to know.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|Violence and cruelty were just a stupid person's way of making himself felt, because it was easier to use your hands to strike a blow than use your brain to find a logical and just solution to a problem.
Satchel Paige|You win a few, you lose a few. Some get rained out. But you got to dress for all of them.
Brad Warner, Sex, Sin, and Zen: A Buddhist  Exploration of Sex from Celibacy to Polyamory and Everything In Between|Balance is not a passive resting place—it takes work, balancing the giving and the taking, the raking out and the putting in.
Jack Donovan, Androphilia|No matter how exotic or seemingly different another man is, there's always some reflection of self in another male.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Samuel Johnson said Alexander Pope's translation of the Iliad, "tuned the English tongue.
Walter Scott, Ivanhoe|…having once seen him put forth his strength in battle, methinks I could know him again among a thousand warriors. He rushes into the fray as if he were summoned to a banquet. There is more than mere strength--there seems as if the whole soul and spirit of the champion were given to every blow which he deals upon his enemies. God assoilzie him of the sin of bloodshed! It is fearful, yet magnificent, to behold how the arm and heart of one man can triumph over hundreds.
Colleen Oakley, Close Enough to Touch|Relationships don't dissolve over one event, one fight, it's a thousand blows, delivered over time, uppercuts, jabs, crosses, some you barely even feel, and then before you know it, you're on the ground seeing stars and wondering what the hell happened!
Sarah Doudney|Solar power, wind power, the way forward is to collaborate with nature - it's the only way we are going to get to the other end of the 21st century.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|Home is the nesting ground for goodness to spring forth. Schools, churches and society influences but home is essential in the development and growth process.
Mary Baker Eddy|Design, refine and repeat, and keep learning all the way along. It sounds bland and pedestrian, but in fact, it's the reverse.
Federico Fellini|We spend all this energy keeping our lives normal and safe and predictable, and the result is that our approved cultural safety valve is the movies. So in films, anyway, the hero is obliged to represent the continuance of social values and institutions, and his permission to act is much more seriously limited than the villain's.
Amit Kalantri|Goals doesn't leave you like men, goals wait, they wait for their achievers.
Oprah Winfrey|Now, when you get a viral infection, what normally happens is it takes days or weeks for your body to fight back at full strength, and that might be too late. When you're pre-immunized, what happens is you have forces in your body pre-trained to recognize and defeat specific foes. So that's really how vaccines work.
Matthew Todd, Straight Jacket|Your spirituality is simply the positive, loving side of yourself, the energy of joy and togetherness. It's the feeling you have when your dog bounds up wagging its tail, or the biggest laugh you have with your best friend. Or that feeling in a concert when sixty thousand people sing along in unison to a song you love, or the moment when you are looking into the eyes of someone you love, or when you feel at your most confident and happy, as if you can do anything. It is all the most positive aspects of our existence. In short, it is love.
Jewell Parker Rhodes|To me, it remains incomprehensible that a people who can design the Porsche 911 and sleek, white ice trains, who created the Bauhaus and speak at least three languages at birth, want to own twee Christmas figurines painted in gaudy colours, dress up in Bavarian lederhosen, and eat Haribo gummy bears.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|She rested her head against his and felt, for the first time, what she would often feel with him: a self-affection. He made her like herself. With him, she was at ease; her skin felt as though it was her right size.
J.A. Rock, Manties in a Twist|Maybe with the right person rocking it with you, change wasn’t so bad.Maybe panties and kale juice were just the beginning.
Laura Moriarty, The Chaperone|That's what spending time with the young can do -- it's the big payoff for all the pain. The young can exasperate, of course, and frighten, and condescend, and insult, and cut you with their still unrounded edges. But they can also drag you, as you protest and scold and try to pull away, right up to the window of the future, and even push you through.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|The mythology of your culture hums in your ears so constantly that no one pays the slightest bit of attention to it. Of course man is conquering space and the atom and the deserts and the oceans and the elements. According to your mythology, this is what he was BORN to do.
Jibanananda Das, জীবনানন্দ দাশের শ্রেষ্ঠ কবিতা|সারাটি রাত্রি তারাটির সাথে তারাটিরই হয় কথা,আমাদের মুখ সারাটি রাত্রি মাটির বুকের 'পরে!
Walt Whitman|I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
Michelle Tea, Black Wave|You haven't written anything about me yet!" She said in a complaining wayHe replied in a sorrowful tone "I wish you could read my unwritten poems
Tamora Pierce, Lady Knight|Our culture is obsessed with perfection, especially when it comes to the way women look. The parameters of acceptability as far as physical appearance go are so limiting that only a handful of women actually fall into this category. And the rest of us are left to either squeeze ourselves into molds that don't fit, hating ourselves all the while, or we just give up entirely.
Richelle E. Goodrich|One of the most effective things you will ever do in life, whether you care to or not, is set an example.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness: The Power of Meditation|Mindfulness helps us get better at seeing the difference between what’s happening and the stories we tell ourselves about what’s happening, stories that get in the way of direct experience. Often such stories treat a fleeting state of mind as if it were our entire and permanent self.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|He wants her to want him with the same intensity. She looks upon him with lusts draw and whispers, "Take me, I am yours.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|The work of the art student is no light matter. Few have the courage and stamina to see it through. You have to make up your mind to be alone in many ways. We like sympathy and we like to be in company. It is easier than going it alone. But alone one gets acquainted with himself, grows up and on, not stopping with the crowd. It costs to do this. If you succeed somewhat you may have to pay for it as well as enjoy it all your life.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You're not broken. You're perfect. And when you get to get away from these kids, you might finally have a good man.
Albert Einstein|During the youthful period of mankind's spiritual evolution human fantasy created gods in man's own image, who, by the operations of their will were supposed to determine, or at any rate to influence, the phenomenal world. Man sought to alter the disposition of these gods in his own favor by means of magic and prayer. The idea of God in the religions taught at present is a sublimation of that old concept of the gods. Its anthropomorphic character is shown, for instance, by the fact that men appeal to the Divine Being in prayers and plead for the fulfillment of their wishes. Nobody, certainly, will deny that the idea of the existence of an omnipotent, just, and omnibeneficent personal God is able to accord man solace, help, and guidance; also, by virtue of its simplicity it is accessible to the most undeveloped mind. But, on the other hand, there are decisive weaknesses attached to this idea in itself, which have been painfully felt since the beginning of history. That is, if this being is omnipotent, then every occurrence, including every human action, every human thought, and every human feeling and aspiration is also His work; how is it possible to think of holding men responsible for their deeds and thoughts before such an almighty Being? In giving out punishment and rewards He would to a certain extent be passing judgment on Himself. How can this be combined with the goodness and righteousness ascribed to Him?(Albert Einstein, Science, Philosophy, and Religion, A 1934 Symposium published by the Conference on Science, Philosophy and Religion in Their Relation to the Democratic Way of Life, Inc., New York, 1941; from Einstein's Out of My Later Years, Westport, Connecticut: Greenwood Press, 1970, pp. 26-27.)
Konrad|Mathematics is not arithmetic. Though mathematics may have arisen from the practices of counting and measuring it really deals with logical reasoning in which theorems—general and specific statements—can be deduced from the starting assumptions. It is, perhaps, the purest and most rigorous of intellectual activities, and is often thought of as queen of the sciences.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We might respect a serious person with an austere and rigid personality, but we adore merry, kindhearted, and artistic people.
Mary Lynn Rajskub|So my humor, I'd say, comes from a mixture of lowbrow comedy shows and highbrow theater. It's an interesting mix.
Akio Toyoda|A Republican philosophy goes something like this: If you take your car to the mechanic, and instead of fixing it, they take out the engine and charge you an arm and a leg, you should conclude that mechanics can't fix cars and you should probably just take yours to the junkyard and sell it for scrap metal.
Anthony Bourdain|I'm fascinated by the narrative of geology, and I'm a veritable pack rat of a collector on the road. I keep a rock hammer in my car.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, A Diamond in the Rough|Come on, Oliver. I’m saying no.”“Is it a fake no? Because your body keeps saying yes.”“My body doesn’t know anything.”“What does your heart say?”“That’s number one on my list of unenlightened organs. It believes anything it hears. It’s screwed up in some way.
Simon Sinek|Nature's great masterpiece, an elephant; the only harmless great thing.
Anna Akhmatova, Anna Akhmatova|For this gloomy beast within my breast - A heart. But the thing is,We've all had to learn not to sleep for three years.In the morning we shall find outWho has died in the night.
Patrick Califia-Rice, Some Women|Sex discrimination and hate crimes against women don't come from the leather community or its pornography. They occur within contexts like industrial capitalism and marriage that most people take for granted as if they had always existed, like gravity or continental drift. If feminism is going to change the world, it has to focus its critical lens on what most people think is normal, not on what most people think is abnormal.
Michelangelo|You practice mindfulness, on the one hand, to be calm and peaceful. On the other hand, as you practice mindfulness and live a life of peace, you inspire hope for a future of peace.
Marcia Lebhar|On the front end it (Sabbath) hurts. Leaving my to-do lists alone. Trusting the universe will continue its forward motion without my intervention. Demonstrating that it is God who sustains me and not my own efforts. Sabbath is like the scary free fall of faith, in microcosm. And it is good for our hearts to practice. It gets easier.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|Recalling his mother’s endless drudgery, (Senator) Richard (Russell) Jr. was to say that he was ten years old before he saw his mother asleep; previously, he had “thought that mothers never had to sleep.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|It is clear that men accept an immediate pain rather than an immediate pleasure, but only because they expect a greater pleasure in the future. Often the pleasure is illusory, but their error in calculation is no refutation of the rule. You are puzzled because you cannot get over the idea that pleasures are only of the sense; but, child, a man who dies for his country dies because he likes it as surely as a man eats pickled cabbage because he likes it.
Allison Williams|Spending only what the country can afford, rewarding savings, encouraging independence, supporting marriage: people know that these things are common sense.
Himmilicious|Trust.Flipping through his contacts, he brought up the one he needed. The only person he could trust with this. Trust with his wife. He swiped to place the call and prayed he was making the right choice.
Malcolm X|Violence doesn't solve anything. Win would make a face when I said that, but the truth was, whenever I resorted to violence, it never just ended there. Violence ripples and reverberates. It echoes and really never seems to go silent.
Abhijit Naskar|I am proud to say to you that, I am a scientist and I accept all religions to be biologically true and equal. My pursuit of understanding the human mind has taught me universal tolerance.
Steve   Brown, A Scandalous Freedom|The good news is that Christ frees us from the need to obnoxiously focus on our goodness, our commitment, and our correctness. Religious has made us obsessive almost beyond endurance. Jesus invited us to a dance...and we've turned in into a march of soldiers, always checking to see if we're doing it right and are in step and in line with the other soldiers. We know a dance would be more fun, but we believe we must go through hell to get to heaven, so we keep marching.
James Arthur|My mom taught me from a young age to give back and volunteer any chance you get. It was something that I knew, if I made the NFL, I would financially have the ability to do.
Colin Woodard, American Nations: A History of the Eleven Rival Regional Cultures of North America|Slaves are governed by the fear of man, and, whenever the fear of man replaces the fear of God in a society, slavery reappears and increases.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are never too old to learn something new, or too young to learn too much.
Jason Mraz|Some of us go full circle. Some of us blindly go nowhere. The circle doesn’t have to be very large to make a point, kick your ass and/or be entertaining. Remember that and stay light. Even the deaf know good music when they hear it.
Margaret Elphinstone|If I imagine my soul, as I do when I pray, it's shaped like Stapafel. No change of place or religion can alter that. I lived beneath Stapafel from the hour I was born until I was sixteen. I've never seen it since, but that doesn't matter. My soul is in the likeness of a jagged peak with a rock like a man standing on its summit, and snags of rock shaped like trolls along its spine. Screes defend it, although it's not quite inaccessible if you know the way up.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Your faith may be just a little thread. It may be small and weak, but act on that faith. It does not matter how big your faith is, but rather, where your faith is.
Malak El Halabi|How can I begin to tell you how much I miss you without using those three common words that can't even start to express the magnitude nor the depth of my emotions. How can I write in my own blood while wanting to revert its color. The color of blood is similar to "I miss you". It has been raped by writers and lovers constantly, ever since Cain and Abel. I want to be able to create a new alphabet that can simply stand in front of you without bowing. I want to use new metaphors that would erupt like volcanoes between the phrases of my readers' souls. Metaphors such as your absence is similar to eating salt straight from the shaker while thirst is devouring my tongue. Metaphors such as the lack of your presence is like being straddled behind the glass of my own senses.
Mika Brzezinski|I think my first big purchase was actually for my mom. She had one of those '90s TVs in her living room that's like a 10x10 brick, so I purchased her a flatscreen for her living room.
Philip Larkin, Collected Poems|The mower stalled, twice; kneeling, I foundA hedgehog jammed up against the blades,Killed. It had been in the long grass.I had seen it before, and even fed it, once.Now I had mauled its unobtrusive worldUnmendably. Burial was no help:Next morning I got up and it did not.The first day after a death, the new absenceIs always the same; we should be carefulOf each other, we should be kindWhile there is still time.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|Fenugreek, Tuesday's spice, when the air is green like mosses after rain.
Christine Feehan, Dark Desire|Sex. A good-looking intense man with black, hungry eyes, and she fell like a lovesick calf. Sex. It ruined many otherwise sane women.
Robert Charles Winthrop|If we expect our children to thrive at our colleges and universities, and succeed in our economy once they graduate - first we must make quality, affordable early childhood education accessible to all.
Ruben Studdard|Our flag honors those who have fought to protect it, and is a reminder of the sacrifice of our nation's founders and heroes. As the ultimate icon of America's storied history, the Stars and Stripes represents the very best of this nation.
Kateryna Kei, Raven Boy|I guess, my advice would be the following: stay calm and do not let the panic seize you.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you feel irritated or threatened by others' beliefs,it's a sign that you're experiencing crisis of confidence.
Craig Raine, Heartbreak|In his autobiography Stravinsky relates that the first music he remembers was made by a peasant, working his hand in his armpit to produce a rhytmic farting.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Who said death is dead? He's fully alive, traveling around the world, throwing shadows and soaking in the sun. Visiting the young and old; placing bets and dicing regrets, for the worse or a better off place.
Scarlet Wolfe, I'm Holding On|This is me. Despite our long separation, I know you. You may pretend to be fine, but I don't buy it." He stopped her from moving by putting his hands on her shoulders. He pulled her closer to him. She didn't resist that much this time. He slid his arms around her and was surprised when she wrapped her arms around him as well. "I miss you," he whispered in her hair, dropping a light kiss there. She smelled so good. Her scent reminded him of all the things he missed about her. How had he ever been so stupid to let her go?
Iris Murdoch|Education doesn’t make you happy. Nor does freedom. We don’t become happy just because we’re free – if we are. Or because we’ve been educated – if we have. But because education may be the means by which we realize we are happy. It opens our eyes, our ears, tells us where delights are lurking, convinces us that there is only one freedom of any importance whatsoever, that of the mind, and gives us the assurance – the confidence – to walk the path our mind, our educated mind, offers.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|Sexual abuse of children now presents society with the ultimate crisis of patriarchy, when children refuse to protect their fathers by keeping secrets.
Victor LaValle|The voice of God, if you must know, is Aretha Franklin's.
Santosh Avvannavar|Thoughts don't have time and space, one need to hold them. The one who succeeds at them becomes a writer.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You ought to read, mediate and affirm the living word of God.
Nikki Rowe|Keep your right up or there'll be nothing left of you." - 100 BulletsI love this quote because it has double meaning.
Roshan Sharma|If you can simply drop yourself from the moment, you can still experience life and with more clarity.
Nancy Garden|Baz arched an elegant brow. "Are you going to snog the Humdrum-is that your plan? Because he's eleven. And he looks just like you. That's both vain and deviant, Snow, even for you.
Tim Kreider|We all make mistakes. It is in our human nature. It just happens, it's nature's way to keep life interesting.
Robert Jordan, Crossroads of Twilight|If your enemy offers you two targets, strike at a third.
Poppet, Sveta|So many people talk about the Golden Gate bridge, but I would bet they haven't seen the new Sava River Bridge. It has long metal ropes suspending it, like a gigantic angel's harp waiting for god's fingers to reach down and pluck the first chords, to send a vibration of relief and love into the heart of Belgrade.
Fulton J. Sheen, Remade for Happiness: Achieving Life's Purpose Through Spiritual Transformation|In my life, I have been told that as a gay man I am a threat to the American family. I have been told that to accept me as an equal is an insult to God. I have been told that I am no better than a pedophile. I have been told that I cannot serve in the military because my presence will undermine unit cohesion. I have had bottles thrown at me when I gathered with others to protest for marriage equality. I have been told that I am sick, that I am damaged, and that I am damage and sickness incarnate.Let the record show that what finally made me snap is the suggestion that I was supposed to have chemistry with Tori Spelling.
Roger Von Oech, A Whack on the Side of the Head: How You Can Be More Creative|Bigotry may be roughly defined as the anger of men who have no opinions. It is the resistance offered to definite ideas by that vague bulk of people whose ideas are indefinite to excess. Bigotry may be called the appalling frenzy of the indifferent. This frenzy of the indifferent is in truth a terrible thing; it has made all monstrous and widely pervading persecutions. In this degree it was not the people who cared who ever persecuted; the people who cared were not sufficiently numerous. It was the people who did not care who filled the world with fire and oppression. It was the hands of the indifferent that lit the faggots; it was the hands of the indifferent that turned the rack. There have come some persecutions out of the pain of a passionate certainty; but these produced, not bigotry, but fanaticism--a very different and a somewhat admirable thing. Bigotry in the main has always been the pervading omnipotence of those who do not care crushing out those who care in darkness and blood.
David C. Catling, Astrobiology: A Very Short Introduction|In The Newly Evolving World, Everyone Is Part Of The Collective.
John Ralston Saul, Voltaire's Bastards: The Dictatorship of Reason in the West|A depressing number of people seem to process everything literally. They are to wit as a blind man is to a forest, able to find every tree, but each one coming as a surprise.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Once you have endured sufferings, you can give someone strength.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|The night is falling down around us. Meteors rain like fireworks, quick rips in the seam of the dark... Every second, another streak of silver glows: parentheses, exclamation points, commas - a whole grammar made of light, for words too hard to speak.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|How do you feel right now?" "I hurt like hell.""You'll feel worse tomorrow.""So?""So, better get a jump on this while you still feel...not as bad.""What kind of logic is that?" I retorted.
Richie Norton|Ideas become reality. once you hit that reality, you get a new idea. it's a virtuous upward spiral. However, the majority are satisfied living within the idea of the reality instead of the reality of the idea.
Valerie Sinason|How do we find words for describing levels of betrayal and emotional, physical, sexual and spiritual torture that fragment and destroy a child or cast and case traumatic shadows over the whole of adult life? We might, as a society, slowly find it possible to accept that one in four citizens are likely to have experience some form of emotional, psychical, sexual or spiritual abuse (McQueen, Itzin, Kennedy, Sinason, & Maxted, 2008), in itself a figure unimaginable and hidden twenty years ago. However, accepting the way a hurt and hurting parent or stranger re-enacts their disturbance with a vulnerable child or children remains far easier to digest than to consider the intellectually planned, scientific, methodical, procedures of organized child-abusing perpetrators-in other words, torture.
Liam O'Flaherty|It's impossible for a creative artist to be either a Puritan or a Fascist, because both are a negation of the creative urge. The only things a creative artist can be opposed to are ugliness and injustice.
Darrell Calkins|Resolution of conflicting interests within each of us—the desire to fulfill a personal purpose versus the desire to forget about it and just go have fun, for example—takes time and focus and application of a lot of qualities, like playing a difficult piece of music with two hands on the piano. Many people are looking for a simple pill to make that apparent dichotomy go away. Once they discover it doesn’t exist, it’s very frustrating.
Hayao Miyazaki|In this world of ours, the sparrow must live like a hawk if he is to fly at all.
Jinnul Jr.|To think is to ignore the differences, to generalize, to abstract.
Edward Hirsch|The commitment to working at poetry is important because a poet is a maker, and a poem is a made thing. We have to honor our feelings by working to transform them into something meaningful and lasting.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|I finally understood what my grandmother meant. If I wasn't comfortable with myself, I would never be comfortable.
Gary   Hopkins|Negativity is a debilitating disease. It is a slow and painful way to experience life. It attacks the immune system, creates anxiety, and can lead to loneliness and depression. Finding your inner harmony is the quickest way to alleviate the methodical destruction of this dark energy
D. Alexander Neill|The baker kneads; the weaver knits;The smithy plies the sun-bright steel;The potter turns; the farmer plants;The miller grinds his dusty meal.While I my quill in trembling handPen odes to please the fickle throng;The greatest craftsman of them all, Save only she who sings my song.
G.K. Chesterton|The wild worship of lawlessness and the materialist worship of law end in the same void. Nietzsche scales staggering mountains, but he turns up ultimately in Tibet. He sits down beside Tolstoy in the land of nothing and Nirvana. They are both helpless—one because he must not grasp anything, and the other because he must not let go of anything. The Tolstoyan’s will is frozen by a Buddhist instinct that all special actions are evil. But the Nietzscheite’s will is quite equally frozen by his view that all special actions are good; for if all special actions are good, none of them are special. They stand at the crossroads, and one hates all the roads and the other likes all the roads. The result is—well, some things are not hard to calculate. They stand at the cross-roads.
David Hawkins|We can only save ourselves through elevating our individual consciousness, by realizing there is already completeness within, and exercising as much considerate independence, respect and fairness as is possible.
Zachary Crosby, Stories and Poetry from the Beyond|Then, one sunny September morning, the illusion of a personal God that I tried so hard to believe in, exploded over the skies of Manhattan. Even as the ashes and ruin of this horrific act of blind faith settled over New York, Washington and Pennsylvania, I watched people across the country scrambling to that same irrational altar for their answers. In the fierce storm of emotion that rolled across this country, one realization rose to the surface of my mind with blinding clarity: certainly this mechanism of unassailable blind faith is one of the greatest risks mankind faces today.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|Folding the laundry, completing another project at work, or watching television for the next hour doesn’t build your writing muscles. It only leaves them flabby.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|If you obsess over whether you are making the right decision, you are basically assuming that the universe will reward you for one thing and punish you for another.The universe has no fixed agenda. Once you make any decision, it works around that decision. There is no right or wrong, only a series of possibilities that shift with each thought, feeling, and action that you experience. If this sounds too mystical, refer again to the body. Every significant vital sign- body temperature, heart rate, oxygen consumption, hormone level, brain activity, and so on- alters the moment you decide to do anything… decisions are signals telling your body, mind, and environment to move in a certain direction.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|It'd be great to be so famous that if I murder someone, I will never, ever, ever serve any jail time, even if it's totally obvious to everyone that I did it.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|The word is always a word for others. Words need to be heard. When we give words to what we are living, these words need to be received and responded to. A speaker needs a listener. A writer needs a reader.When the flesh – the lived human experience – becomes word, communitycan develop. When we say, 'Let me tell you what we saw. Come and listento what we did. Sit down and let me explain to you what happened to us.Wait until you hear whom we met,' we call people together and make ourlives into lives for others. The word brings us together and calls usinto community. When the flesh becomes word, our bodies become part ofa body of people.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|But though it had prevailed against such fierce adversaries as fire and flood, it had fallen victim softly and swiftly to television in the 1960's.
Tenzin Palmo|The more you realize, the more you realize there is nothing to realize. The idea that there's somewhere we have got to get to, and something we have to attain, is our basic delusion.
Tegan Quin|But it was fantasy, and she knew it. It was her fantasy, and the fantasy of everyone else who would look at her and at her pictures; and it would stop being real the moment the man with the camera stopped clicking.
Sheila M. Burke, Enriched Heart: The Tao of Balancing Your Big, Beautiful, Badass Soul|It’s about letting yourself feel, but not wallow; it’s about leaning into love, not fear, as the preferred force in your life.
Joan Bauer|(Suguri) You had an extra long walk, didn't you...? Let's go home...
Faisal Khosa|I'm very curious why people in school all the time from 2-3 class up to the last 6-7 they talk about football. What can be said??Sharing about a team few sentences, who has won, and rought said that's all. But why people stretch it like a Turkish delight with the same end???
Paulo Coelho|What are you good at?" asked the owner."Going after what I believe in." That was the only possible reply; she had spent her life in pursuit of what she believed in. The only problem was that she believed in something different everyday.
Genevieve Cogman, The Invisible Library|She was bruised from crashing so many times, but she hadn’t lost her hunger for flight.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|He was a volatile mixture of confidence and vulnerability. He could deliver extended monologues on professional matters, then promptly stop in his tracks to peer inquisitively into his guest's eyes for signs of boredom or mockery, being intelligent enough to be unable fully to believe in his own claims to significance. He might, in a past life, have been a particularly canny and sharp-tongued royal advisor.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|With due respect, Truck-off.
M.J. Stoddard|The calling of an author is more than just to entertain, but also to share ones experiences with the world.
Tracey Alvarez, Melting into You|When she loves, she loves with her whole heart, giving herself completely, holding nothing back.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|The shield wall reeks of shit, and all a man wants is to be home, to be anywhere but on this field that prepares for battle, but none of us will turn and run or else we will be despised for ever. We pretend we want to be there, and when the wall at last advances, step by step, and the heart is thumping fast as a bird’s wing beating, the world seems unreal.
Lorrie Moore|Everyone had learned that it was worth giving up privacy for the merest possibility of fame, and the idea that only a private self was truly autonomous and free had be lost in the static of the airwaves.
Alfred A. Yuson|Sadly, schools deal in the sale and exchange of knowledge, not wisdom." ~ "The Hole
Bill Richardson, After Hamelin|One hand traced small circles against my back, and I pressed closer to him, listening to his heartbeat. “I used to think that having nothing to live for made you a better fighter,” he murmured. “Turns out I was wrong on a lot of fronts.
Heinrich Heine|Where they have burned books, they will end in burning human beings.
Gavin Extence, The Universe Versus Alex Woods|I knew that iridium-193 was one of two stable isotopes of iridium, a very rare, very dense metal, but I didn't know that the periodic table even existed.I knew how many zeroes there were in a quintillion, but I thought that algebra lived in ponds.I'd picked up a few Latin words, and a smattering of Elvish, but my French was non-existent.I'd read more than one book of more than one thousand pages (more than once), but I wouldn't have been able to identify a metaphor if it poked me in the eye.By secondary-school standards, I was quite a dunce.
Lauren Beukes, The Shining Girls|When you permit an outside agency to control your feelings and emotions at frequent intervals for a prolonged period, your system will soon get into the habit of submitting to the control of this outside agency, and will not respond any longer to any effort that the will may make to regain its original power of control.
Jacob M. Held, Stephen King and Philosophy|Sometimes I am asked if I know the response to Auschwitz; I answer that not only do I not know it, but that I don't even know if a tragedy of this magnitude HAS a response. What I do know is that there is response in responsibility. When we speak of this era of evil and darkness, so close and yet so distant, responsibility is the key word,The witness has forced himself to testify. For the youth of today, for the children who will be born tomorrow. He does not want his past to become their future.
Suzy Kassem|The greater the spirit, the more one is alone.
Edna Ferber|Stoutly pro-tax-cut and libertarian on social issues like abortion, Trump is a Republican with the business know-how to turn the country's economy around.
Anthony Marais|Somehow, we each create our own prisons, one for which only we, hold the key.
Spencer W. Kimball|Jesus said several times, “Come, follow me.” His was a program of “do what I do,” rather than “do what I say.” His innate brilliance would have permitted him to put on a dazzling display, but that would have left his followers far behind. He walked and worked with those he was to serve. His was not a long-distance leadership. He was not afraid of close friendships; he was not afraid that proximity to him would disappoint his followers. The leaven of true leadership cannot lift others unless we are with and serve those to be led.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Computation has finally demystified mentalistic terms. Beliefs are inscriptions in memory, desires are goal inscriptions, thinking is computation, perceptions are inscriptions triggered by sensors, trying is executing operations triggered by a goal.
Seth Meyers|I realised one day that men are emotional cripples. We can't express ourselves emotionally, we can only do it with anger and humour. Emotional stability and expression comes from women.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|Books are not about passing time. They're about other lives. Other worlds. Far from wanting time to pass, one just wishes one had more of it. If one wanted to pass the time one could go to New Zealand.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|The fountains mingle with the river,And the rivers with the ocean; The winds of heaven mix forever,With a sweet emotion; Nothing in the world is single;All things by a law divine In one another's being mingle:— Why not I with thine? See! the mountains kiss high heaven, And the waves clasp one another; No sister flower would be forgiven If it disdained its brother; And the sunlight clasps the earth, And the moonbeams kiss the sea:— What are all these kissings worth, If thou kiss not me?
Debasish Mridha|To heal, love.To understand, feel.To let go, forgive.To care, be kind.
Paul Farmer, Mountains Beyond Mountains: The Quest of Dr. Paul Farmer, A Man Who Would Cure the World|The difference between an admirer and a follower still remains, no matter where you are. The admirer never makes any true sacrifices. He always plays it safe. Though in words, phrases, songs, he is inexhaustible about how highly he prizes Christ, he renounces nothing, gives up nothing, will not reconstruct his life, will not be what he admires, and will not let his life express what it is he supposedly admires.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|His eyes move to my lips, and I know he’s thinking the same thing; I can feel it in the way the air charges between us. I can almost taste him half an inch away, can feel the way the tiny hairs on my skin lift and reach for him like plants seeking the sunlight.
Jacqueline Patricks, Fairytale Apocalypse|In the end, we all die for what we believe in... mostly because we all die.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Next I prayed to Allah, whose ears are deaf; then did I beseech his fallen twin, the Devil Hornprick, who sits upon his thorn of fire, gloating upon his constellations and counting his bloody seeds. In Baclava it is said Hornprick once caught a glimpse of the First Woman, as she sat singing to her snake in her chamber of sacred mud. Dazzled by her sight, the light of love and lust, he fell. He is still falling. For all eternity her breasts orbit his dreams.
Martin Heidegger|truth is that which makes a people certain, clear, and strong.
Charles M. Schulz, Charlie Brown's Little Book of Wisdom|Learn from yesterday, live for today, look to tomorrow, rest this afternoon.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|When you make an embarrassing mistake, learn to let the memories be enough to let you laugh about it today.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|God creates the beauty. Through my camera, I am a witness.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|The incarnation is not a soul into a body, it is an illusory world known as a life into consciousness.
Clive Sinclair|If we do away with semi-colons, parentheses and much else, we will lose all music, nuance and subtlety in communication - and end up shouting at one another in block capitals.
Jenny Lyn, Clearing the Air|His look darkens and he heaves me against his chest forcing me to look at him. “What I do know is that you are disrespectful and disobedient. And that is something that we have to change, don’t we?
Virginia Satir|Ask your child for information in a gentle, nonjudgmental way, with specific, clear questions. Instead of “How was your day?” try “What did you do in math class today?” Instead of “Do you like your teacher?” ask “What do you like about your teacher?” Or “What do you not like so much?” Let her take her time to answer. Try to avoid asking, in the overly bright voice of parents everywhere, “Did you have fun in school today?!” She’ll sense how important it is that the answer be yes.
Sunday Adelaja|Begin to increase your gift, talent, potentials, self-development if you want to be prosperous
Primula Bond|All round there was a rising tide of beer, widow Désir's barrels had all been broached, beer had rounded all paunches and was overflowing in all directions, from noses, eyes - and elsewhere. People were so blown out and higgledy-piggledy, that everybody's elbows or knees were sticking into his neighbour and everybody thought it great fun to feel his neighbour's elbows. All mouths were grinning from ear to ear in continuous laughter.
Debasish Mridha|To fill yourself with bliss, today is the best time to start loving yourself deeply.
Richard M. Daley|You leave home to seek your fortune and, when you get it, you go home and share it with your family.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|You have to do the things you are most afraid of, otherwise you are just half a human being.
C.S.  James, Pink Ice|Basically, dating is like climbing a volcano and you never know when it's going to erupt, dumping molten lava and burning you
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|The Master, by residing in the Tao,sets an example for all beings.Because he doesn't display himself,people can see his light.Because he has nothing to prove,people can trust his 
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|The right to express out thoughts, however, means something only if we are able to have thoughts of our own; freedom from external authority is a lasting gain only if the inner psychological conditions are such that we are able to establish our own individuality.
Askhari Johnson Hodari, Lifelines: The Black Book of Proverbs|If everyone helps to hold up the sky, then one person does not become tired.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|True love is a developed and intense appreciation for someone. It’s that perfect awareness that you are finally whole when she’s with you, and that hollow incompleteness you suffer when she’s gone.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|None of us commences life utterly alone. We each carry within our granular mass the protoplasm residue of past generations’ ideas, customs, values, infatuations, prejudices, ethics, and mores. The lees wrought from our seedlings contribute to the social order that oversees a newborn’s future. How we conduct ourselves in the here and now emulates our heritage, delineates the parameters of the present culture, and sets the embryonic stage for the emergent ethos of our future and for the generations of people whom we will never meet.
Enock Maregesi|If a leader for the right reasons is blessed by God, even the people he leads will be blessed by God as well. But if the leader is cursed by God because of iniquity, even the people he leads will be cursed as well.
Sebastian Marincolo|There are millions of people out there who live this way, and their hearts are breaking just like mine. It’s okay to say, “My kid is a drug addict or alcoholic, and I still love them and I’m still proud of them.” Hold your head up and have a cappuccino. Take a trip. Hang your Christmas lights and hide colored eggs. Cry, laugh, then take a nap. And when we all get to the end of the road, I’m going to write a story that’s so happy it’s going to make your liver explode. It’s going to be a great day.
Shannon Hale|Get back in my cot, girl," said Gilsa. "You're sickly."No, I'm not," said Ani.Oh, no? Well, maybe stubbornness is a sickness, did you ever think of that?
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|It is as if people refused to leave their dead alone, forced them back into the light, made them keep their composure even in death.
J.R. Rim|Time is the journey. Life, the universe and everything is the result.
Lynn Steward|He was a passionate adherent of the new ideas and of Speransky, and the busiest purveyor of news in Petersburg, one of those men who choose their opinions like their clothes—according to the fashion—but for that very reason seem the most vehement partisans
Angela Y. Davis|If there was an implicit self-hatred in trusting only your own, then how much deeper was the self-loathing that led a group of men to distrust someone for no reason other than that he was one of them?
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|As Emmanuel, Cardinal Suhard says, "To be a witness does not consist in engaging in propaganda, nor even in stirring people up, but in being a living mystery. It means to live in such a way that one's life would not make sense if God did not exist.
Woodrow Wilson|I not only use all the brains that I have, but all I can borrow.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|A person with low standards will forever be walking. A person with high standard will soon stop walking and start running. Later, they’ll soon stop running and start galloping. The next time you see him, he’s either flying or soaring.
Quentin Tarantino|A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later.
Jill Novak|Dream up a book on Monday, publish it on Friday.
Debra Fileta|He looks good for a while, but ya know, ya can’t shine a sneaker.
Christine Caine, A Life Unleashed: Giving Birth to Your Dreams|Settling for what is comfortable is one of the biggest enemies to our enlargement...In every season of life...we need to be committed to enlarging our personal capacity (even when it's not comfortable). We need to refuse to be satisfied with our latest accomplishments, as what we've accomplished is no longer our potential because it has been realized.
Sylvia Plath, The Journals of Sylvia Plath|It’s going to be okay, Eric," Urte said, helping me sit up. I shook my head. "Lying is my forte, Urte, not yours.” (Eric.)
Sheryl Sandberg|Thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightning that does the work.
Debra Gilbert Rosenberg|To be Queen Elizabeth within a definite area, deciding sales, banquets, labours, and holidays; to be Whitely within a certain area, providing toys, boots, cakes and books; to be Aristotle within a certain area, teaching morals, manners, theology, and hygiene; I can imagine how this can exhaust the mind, but I cannot imagine how it could narrow it. How can it be a large career to tell other people about the Rule of Three, and a small career to tell one's own children about the universe? How can it be broad to be the same thing to everyone and narrow to be everything to someone? No, a woman's function is laborious, but because it is gigantic, not because it is minute.
Jacqueline MacInnes Wood|Money doesn't mean anything to me. I've made a lot of money, but I want to enjoy life and not stress myself building my bank account. I give lots away and live simply, mostly out of a suitcase in hotels. We all know that good health is much more important.
M. Kirin|The writer sat besides the weeping Gilgamesh, swam out of all the unsinkable ships sank. He was there, and he wasn't. Like a naturalist observing the tarn of life from an unseen bubble of neutrality.
Dada Bhagwan|In the time before Gnan (time before 1958 when Dada Bhagwan got manifested) there was obstinacy within me. ‘I’ discovered that obstinacy does not let the light of Gnan (Eternal Knowledge) to come through. Then I saw all that obstinacy, and it was destroyed. Thereafter the Gnan (Eternal Knowledge) manifested. One has to observe one’s own self that where lies the obstinacies. The Self is an observatory itself.
Ian Hislop|But I believe that there are marriages where you can have your pool table and she can have her scrapbooking room or garden or whatever it is. But when everyone has what they want, it's not funny. There's no conflict.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|The reason death sticks so closely to life isn't biological necessity - it's envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is but the passing shadow of a cloud .
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|We’ve been trapped in here, away from civilisation. We’re wasting our lives away, waiting for something. But nothing’s happened, and nothing is going to happen unless we help ourselves.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|I should have learned this, she thought. I wanted to learn fire, and pain, but I should have learned people.
Leo Tolstoy|truth, like gold, is to be obtained not by its growth, but by washing away from it all that is not gold.
Colin Cowherd, You Herd Me!: Things About Sports and Life I Think but Probably Shouldn't Say|Of course the theologians fought the facts found by the geologists, the scientists, and sought to sustain the sacred Scriptures. They mistook the bones of the mastodon for those of human beings, and by them proudly proved that "there were giants in those days." They accounted for the fossils by saying that God had made them to try our faith, or that the Devil had imitated the works of the Creator.They answered the geologists by saying that the "days" in Genesis were long periods of time, and that after all the flood might have been local. They told the astronomers that the sun and moon were not actually, but only apparently, stopped. And that the appearance was produced by the reflection and refraction of light.They excused the slavery and polygamy, the robbery and murder upheld in the Old Testament by saying that the people were so degraded that Jehovah was compelled to pander to their ignorance and prejudice.In every way the clergy sought to evade the facts, to dodge the truth, to preserve the creed.At first they flatly denied the facts -- then they belittled them -- then they harmonized them -- then they denied that they had denied them. Then they changed the meaning of the "inspired" book to fit the facts. At first they said that if the facts, as claimed, were true, the Bible was false and Christianity itself a superstition. Afterward they said the facts, as claimed, were true and that they established beyond all doubt the inspiration of the Bible and the divine origin of orthodox religion.Anything they could not dodge, they swallowed and anything they could not swallow, they dodged.I gave up the Old Testament on account of its mistakes, its absurdities, its ignorance and its cruelty. I gave up the New because it vouched for the truth of the Old. I gave it up on account of its miracles, its contradictions, because Christ and his disciples believe in the existence of devils -- talked and made bargains with them. expelled them from people and animals.This, of itself, is enough. We know, if we know anything, that devils do not exist -- that Christ never cast them out, and that if he pretended to, he was either ignorant, dishonest or insane.
Charles Frazier|We are not strong enough to stand up against endless grief, And yet pain is the constant drone of life. So if we are to have any happiness at all, it is only in the passing instant.
John Frankenheimer|The Intelligence Committee will also examine present counterintelligence programs for the Department of Energy, the National Laboratories, and the Department of Defense.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|a single-file army of ants biting a mammoth tree into uniform grains and hauling it down to the dark for their ravenous queen. and, in reply, a choir of seedlings arching their necks out of rotted tree stumps, sucking life out of death. this forest eats itself and lives forever.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Ending Syria's Occupation Of Lebanon: The U.S. Role|Words are useless without action. Stop fantasizing and just DO it. Be a "game changer" or get played like an idiot.
Raf Simons|Until I was eighteen, I did not know that you could study fashion design or art. I really didn't know. I already had my nose in the art world; I was already looking at things, but I didn't really get it that you could study that because my school was a very different environment.
Max Lucado|May you find the faith, hope and courage to survive life.
Peter F. Drucker, Innovation and Entrepreneurship: Practice and Principles|The companies that refused to make hard choices, or refused to admit that anything much was happening, fared badly. If they survive, it is only because their respective governments will not let them go under.
Blake Shelton|Despite what Washington thinks or does on this 15th anniversary, we the people will never forget those who perished and the lessons learned on Sept. 11, 2001.
Jennifer Hillman|We are the oneness in love, joy and happy. We share this moment in time to experience the fullest and expansion of all our existence to collapse and be redefine into the truth of who and what we are and always will be. ~jh
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|Yeah, Hera was definitely channelling her inner Wicked Witch of the West that day.
Stephen King|‎If you want to be a writer, you must do two things above all others: read a lot and write a lot…reading is the creative center of a writer’s life…you cannot hope to sweep someone else away by the force of your writing until it has been done to you.
Brett Hoebel|I thought a vegan diet would be too difficult, being on the road so much, but it's been far easier than I thought.
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe: Rediscovering the Wonder of a God You Can't Control|Laughter—just good bone-shaking, belly-jiggling, light-in-the-head laughter, is a sure sign of health. The only one who hates it is Satan and all his wannabes.
Danzy Senna, New People|Last words of wisdom. Whoever you were as a child, she's your future.
Ibn Warraq|Never assume that anyone in this world can really understand your circumstances other than from their own perspective. People perceive things based only upon their personal frames of reference and their personal experiences. However, when aims, purposes, and aspirations are similar, people tend to work together toward a common goal.
Debasish Mridha|For a happy life, be kind and loving and be the source of happiness for others.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|Being here alone with nothing to do, I've been thinking about myself too. Trying to understand why I hate myself so badly.
Carl Hiaasen, Flush|Please don't grow up to be one of those men who lie for the sport of it, and most men do. That's a fact. That's why the world is so messed up, Noah. That's why history books are full of so much heartache, and tragedy. Politicians, dictators, kings, phoney-baloney preachers-most of 'em are men, and most of 'em lie like rugs
László Krasznahorkai, Destruction and Sorrow beneath the Heavens: Reportage|It is not always necessary to search for the cause behind everything, because every cause is unfounded. A cause only looks like a cause from a certain viewpoint.
Steve Goodier|Humor can make a serious difference. In the workplace, at home, in all areas of life – looking for a reason to laugh is necessary. A sense of humor helps us to get through the dull times, cope with the difficult times, enjoy the good times and manage the scary times.
Edna O'Brien, The Little Red Chairs|My friends I tell you this, we are a jolly group but put us in uniform and all that change. In war I don’t know who my brother. In war I don’t know who my friend. War make everybody savage. Who can say what lies inside the heart of each one of us when everything is taken away.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|I think most Christians hear these urgent calls to do more (or feel them internally already) and learn to live with a low-level guilt that comes from not doing enough. We know we can always pray more and give more and evangelize more, so we get used to living in a state of mild disappointment with ourselves.
Steven Adler|Regardless of the gender of the highest wage earner, the balance of power in the relationship will suffer if the higher earner uses control of the purse strings as a system of reward and punishment. It will also suffer if the lower earner takes a chippy, haughty attitude to spending money they haven't actually generated themselves.
Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|I'm sorry. For all of us. Sorry for all the little ways the people who were supposed to love us most could hurt us so deeply, despite their shared heritage and blood, as thought their knowledge of our pasts gave them unlimited access to all the most tender places, the old wounds that could be so easily reopened with no more than a glance, a comment, a passing reminder of all the ways in which we failed to live up to their expectations.
Andrzej Sapkowski, The Last Wish|You've a right to believe that we're governed by Nature and the hidden Force within her. You can think that the gods, including my Melitele, are merely a personification of this power invented for simpletons so they can understand it better, accept its existence. According to you, that power is blind. But for me, Geralt, faith allows you to expect what my goddess personifies from nature: order, law, goodness. And hope.
Steve Hamilton, The Lock Artist|I kissed her, a long hard kiss. Because baby didn't know it, but baby was dead, and in a way I couldn't have loved her more.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Lost at Sea|The glamorous life is a facade, a frauda farce of frivolous triteThe storybook is blank insideChivalry has died
Paul A. Myers, Paris 1935: Destiny's Crossroads|Sandrine opened her eyes to the soft gray light of early dawn. Recollections of sensual pleasure seemed to caress her body, bringing a smile to her lips. She lay back in the pillow and listened to the breathing of Philippe beside her. She lingered in the memory of the previous night, a memory that was like a warm and tender embrace, an evening of small intimate harmonies. As it should be.
Mark Rosen|I like stepping into the future. Therefore, I look for doorknobs.
Saahil Prem|Out of all the addictions in the world, Attention is slowly but surely becoming one of the most dangerous.
Tim LaHaye, Nicolae|We both know that, my friend, but a man's perception soon becomes his reality.
Jamie Foxx|Well, the album 'Intuition' is out and just went platinum officially. So I think to have the music doing what it's doing right now, man, it's the ultimate. Nobody is really selling records out there but we are at a million records and we dropped it at Christmas, so we are just trying to get that thing to like two million, you know.
Bonnie Hunt|I wish to be appreciated not only as a film star but also for the person I am. If I manage to bring a smile on people's faces, then I think I'll be successful.
Djuna Barnes|She was gracious and yet fading, like an old statue in a garden, that symbolizes the weather through which it has endured, and is not so much the work of man as the work of wind and rain and the herd of the seasons, and though formed in men's image is a figure of doom.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Self-betrayal occurs when we do to another what we sense we should not do or don't do what we sense we should. Thus self-betrayal is a sort of moral self-compromise, a violation of our own personal sense of how we ought to be and what we ought to do.
Stefania Mattana|There was a brown substance inside and Chase had no doubt: it was heroin. Only a tiny amount, but very pure." - Cutting Right to the Chase Vol.2
Gabe Newell|There are 2 types of artist:those who create for others in mindthose who create for themselveseither way, none are truly independent.
Peter Watson, A Terrible Beauty: The People and Ideas That Shaped the Modern Mind: A History|In peace-armies discipline meant the hunt, not of an average but of an absolute; the hundred per cent standard in which the ninety-nine were played down to the level of the weakest man on parade…. The deeper the discipline, the lower was the individual excellence; also the more sure the performance. – T. E. Lawrence Seven Pillars of Wisdom
Jo Brand|Great dad. Yeah, he would ask me for money on birthdays and, you know, inappropriate times. And I just wrote him off like, 'You're not a father.' I just learned you cannot emotionally invest in people who are not attainable.
Marcel Proust, Remembrance of Things Past: Volume I - Swann's Way & Within a Budding Grove|There is no man...however wise, who has not at some period in his youth said things, or lived a life, the memory of which is so unpleasant to him that he would gladly expunge it. And yet he ought not entirely to regret it, because he cannot be certain that he has indeed become a wise man...
Antoine Leiris, Vous n'aurez pas ma haine|It's a small thing, a life.
Erin McCahan, Love and Other Foreign Words|Nobody can always have devout feelings: and even if we could, feelings are not what God principally cares about.
Claire Hamelin Manning|A life without envy, hatred and lies was not a life worth living.
Neil Gaiman|If you make art, people will talk about it. Some of the things they say will be nice, some won’t. You’ll already have made that art, and when they’re talking about the last thing you did, you should already be making the next thing.If bad reviews (of whatever kind) upset you, just don’t read them. It’s not like you’ve signed an agreement with the person buying the book to exchange your book for their opinion.Do whatever you have to do to keep making art. I know people who love bad reviews, because it means they’ve made something happen and made people talk; I know people who have never read any of their reviews. It’s their call. You get on with making art.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|The man I am writing about is not famous. It may be that he never will be. It may be that when his life at last comes to an end he will leave no more trace of his sojourn on earth than a stone thrown into a river leaves on the surface of the water. But it may be that the way of life that he has chosen for himself and the peculiar strength and sweetness of his character may have an ever-growing influence over his fellow men so that, long after his death perhaps, it may be realized that there lived in this age a very remarkable creature.
Trent Reznor|If I go onstage, I want to give people everything they want and more. I'll wash their car for them on their way out.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If any woman opens her legs for you, don't feel so lucky to be fed with nonsense, she has been a bitch for a long time, and now its your own turn to get a share from her itching tunnel.
Malcolm Forbes|You don't find happiness by being able to buy everything you want, whenever you want it.
Dawn Steel|We will use all lawful tools at our disposal, and that includes authorities under the renewed PATRIOT Act. We firmly believe that our intelligence gathering tools must enable us to collect the information we need to protect the American people.
Yamamoto Tsunetomo|You may have gathered that I am not the most cheerful of revellers - some characterise me as the death and soullessness of any party but it wasn't always so, believe me.
M.V. Carey|I began writing late; my first articles and stories were published after I was thirty, and I was motivated by money. Money is not a bad motivation. The need to eat keeps us from laziness, and the fact that someone is willing to pay to read what we write assures us that we have indeed written.
Moon Unit Zappa|The sad events that occur in my life are the sad events that happen to everybody, with losing friends and family, but that is a natural occurrence, as natural as being born.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Opportunities can become obstacles, same way obstacles can become opportunities; it all depends on how they are being interpreted by the mind of a person.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|So the gods,” Moash said, nursing his own drink, “were pleased that you solved problems on your own . . . by going to other gods and begging them for help instead?”“Hush,” Rock said. “Is good story.
Joanna Hynes, My Song Of Songs: Solomon's Touch|Say you’ll marry me.” Sighing melodramatically, Tyler wound his free arm around Johnnie’s neck. He pulled back enough to look again into Johnnie’s eyes. “Fine. But why do I get the feeling I get to be the bride?
Robert Nathan, Portrait of Jennie|The summer,' Randy explained. 'I'm going to appreciate it. I'm going to walk in the woods noticing everything, and ride my bike on all the roads I never explored. I'm going to fill a pillow with ladies' tobacco so I can smell it in January and remember about August. I'm going to dry a big bunch of pennyroyal so I can break pieces off all winter and think of summer. I'm going to look at everything, and smell everything, and listen to everything so I'll never forget --
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|Magic has a logic, like algebra. Once you get to know it, it's easy. If this, then that. You write with a pencil, you don't make frog soup with it.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Life today has become a series of spectacles to be viewed, not actions to be lived.
Amanda M. Lyons, Eyes Like Blue Fire|Raven had been shunned and abandoned throughout his life. Friends often came and went without a word or worse, they toyed with his emotions and shared his secrets with those he chose to distrust. His loneliness was inevitable and his secrets were damaging enough. Through all of his largely brief but emotionally involved friendships and infatuations, the depression and the darkness of his past, there had been one place to which he could go for solitude—either in thought or in person—and he never shared the knowledge of its existence or its secrets with anyone. That place dwelled within him even all of these years since the summer when he was nine and all that could ever have gone wrong, did.
Gary Paulsen|People can't stay out of their cars. I do think we have a real problem staying out of our automobiles. We have a real dependency on them, and it may be for more than just transportation.
Tom Stoppard|That's the point of it, to have those connections, as painful as they are, as much worry as they might cause; they give back in strength and comfort and joy, believe it or not, and the more connections you make, the happier you are, the more point there is to getting up and getting through the day.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Simultan: Erzählungen|Look, de Mazel, you've known him for years - hasn't he been known to sleep for forty hours in two days?' 'Forty hours?' 'Certainly. He awoke at meal times, just to take nourishment, and afterwards fell again into his torpor. And Freneuse had a strange horror of sleep; there was some abnormal phenomenon associated with it, some lesion of the brain or neurotic depression.''The troublesome cerebral anaemia which results from excessive debauchery. Another myth! I've never believed, myself, in the supposed debauchery of that poor gentleman. Such a frail chap, with such a delicate complexion! Quite frankly, there was no scope in him for debauchery.'Pooh! About as much as Lorenzaccio!''You associate him with the Medicis! Lorenzaccio was a Florentine impassioned by rancour, a man of energy slowly brooding over his vengeance, caressing it as he might caress the blade of a dagger! There is not the slightest comparison to be drawn between Lorenzaccio and that gall-green, liverish creature Freneuse.
Eloisa James, Enchanting Pleasures|So what is the fallout for dogs of the Lassie myth? As soon as you bestow intelligence and morality, you bestow the responsibility that goes along with them. In other words, if the dog knows it’s wrong to destroy furniture yet deliberately and maliciously does it, remembers the wrong he did and feels guilt, it feels like he merits a punishment2, doesn’t it? That’s just what dogs have been getting - a lot of punishment. We set them up for all kinds of punishment by overestimating their ability to think. Interestingly, it’s the “cold” behaviorist model that ends up giving dogs a much better crack at meeting the demands we make of them. The myth gives problems to dogs they cannot solve and then punishes them for failing. And the saddest thing is that the main association most dogs have with that punishment is the presence of their owner. This puts a pretty twisted spin on loooving dogs ‘cause they’re so smart, doesn’t it?
Toni Sorenson|Strength comes from struggle. When you learn to see your struggles as opportunities to become stronger, better, wiser, then your thinking shifts from "I can't do this" to "I must do this.
Cyril Pedrosa, Three Shadows|In our springtime there is no better,there is no worse.Blossoming branches burgeon as the must.Some are long,some are short.'Stay upright.Stay with life.
Marvin Sapp|When I'm getting ready for a movie, let's just say my diet is 'The Antisocial Diet.' I don't go to restaurants. I don't eat what I really want to eat. I don't eat much. I eat small things frequently. Lots of protein and greens. And I don't eat with people, because there's a tendency to get social and then to overeat.
Michael Soll, Scorched|The more power you have, the less you can truly say. That’s the irony.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|Discovery first flew in 1984, the third orbiter to join the fleet. It was named for one of the ships commanded by Captain James Cook. Space shuttle Discovery is the most-flown orbiter; today will be its thirty-ninth and final launch. By the end of this mission, it will have flown a total of 365 days in space, making it the most well traveled spacecraft in history. Discovery was the first orbiter to carry a Russian cosmonaut and the first to visit the Russian space station Mir. On that flight, in 1995, Eileen Collins became the first woman to pilot an American spacecraft. Discovery flew twelve of the thirty-eight missions to assemble the International Space Station, and it was responsible for deploying the Hubble Space Telescope in 1990. This was perhaps the most far reaching accomplishment of the shuttle program, as Hubble has been called the most important telescope in history and one of the most significant scientific instruments ever invented. It has allowed astronomers to determine the age of the universe, postulate how galaxies form, and confirm the existence of dark energy, among many other discoveries. Astronomers and astrophysicists, when they are asked about the significance of Hubble, will simply say that it has rewritten the astronomy books. In the retirement process, Discovery will be the “vehicle of record,” being kept as intact as possible for future study.Discovery was the return-to-flight orbiter after the loss of Challenger and then again after the loss of Columbia. To me, this gives it a certain feeling of bravery and hope. ‘Don’t worry,’ Discovery seemed to tell us by gamely rolling her snow-white self out to the launchpad. 'Don’t worry, we can still dream of space. We can still leave the earth.’ And then she did.
Thomm Quackenbush|Here are the Ten Commandments for a writer: Create, Create, Create, Create, Create, Create...
Arkopaul Das, THE DEAD VETERAN|All the clues are there in front of us,hidden under a veil,we cannot get the clue by searching for,we have to search for the veil instead.
J.J. McAvoy|I swear to God . . .”“God doesn’t come to this part of the house, so swear to me.” -Liam C
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|For success, positive attitude and gratitude is more important that ability.
Gabriel Brunsdon, Azlander: Second Nature|True passion motivates the life forces and brings forth all things good.... desire is the poor cousin to passion, ever hungry and with no real result.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|The fact was that, as droves of demon kings had noticed, there was a limit to what you could do to a soul with, e.g., red-hot tweezers, because even fairly evil and corrupt souls were bright enough to realize that since they didn't have the concomitant body and nerve endings attached to them there was no real reason, other than force of habit, why they should suffer excruciating agony. So they didn't. Demons went on doing it anyway, because numb and mindless stupidity is part of what being a demon is all about, but since no one was suffering they didn't enjoy it much either and the whole thing was pointless. Centuries and centuries of pointlessness.
James Lee Burke, Creole Belle|You must live a very free life.""Me?" she laughed. "I am not who swoops out of the sky to rain fire on pirates!""Yeah, but before this I never did much. I mean I did a lot, but...I lived in a room at a university, and my whole world was in that little room. There was this world inside my head."De la Fitte studied his head as if she could see through his skull to a little globe inside it somewhere.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|It was like a dream you might have after death in which lost people came back to life, your friends loved you again no matter what you had done, and your failures were unaccountably forgiven.
William McDavid, Law & Gospel: A Theology for Sinners|I don't want you to say anything. I want you to listen. You know, being confident isn't the same as being right.
Erin Morgenstern|What I've learned in my life, it's a very interesting social study for me, to go back and forth between being the guy at home and being the guy on the road and being the guy in studio and being the guy in the interview. The environment around you has so much to do with your character, and when I'm home, my character really changes quite a bit.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Because one believes in oneself, one doesn't try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn't need others' approval. Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Monsters and the Critics and other essays|For it is now to us itself ancient; and yet its maker was telling of things already old and weighted with regret, and he expended his art in making keen that touch upon the heart which sorrows have that are both poignant and remote.
Christina Dodd, Love Never Dies|I've been dead over seventy years and still when I hear a woman scream, I find myself standing, listening, wanting to help and unable to do anything except watch.
