John   Kramer, Blythe|I keep having this fantasy about some wide river or channel I'm on the bank of. I can look up, and on the far side is another, better self, holding hands with Mercer—that's his name, my ex—and both of them are watching me flail over here, watching me from the life I'm supposed to have had. When did it become impossible to get there from here? When did that bridge get burned?
Mike Pompeo|I think, clearly, where you have a situation in which the Solicitor General tells me, 'I cannot in good faith argue a certainly legal position,' and if the president told us to argue that position, we would have to tell him, 'No, we can't do that, Mr. President.'
Enid Blyton, The Secret Island|War is like night, she said. It covers everything.
|At every given moment in your life, you have the option to move backwards with fears and doubts or to keep pushing forward with faith and courage. But don't forget to consider the positive demands of your inner-self while choosing on which direction to take.
Herman Melville, Billy Budd, Sailor|Princess, the great difference between people in this world is not between the rich and the poor or the good and the evil, the biggest of all differences in this world is between the ones that had or have the pleasure in love and those that haven't and hadn't any pleasure in love, but just watched it with envy, sick envy. The spectators and the performers.
Akshay Vasu|To create the magic, you should first believe in it.
Katie Kacvinsky, Still Point|The invention of the mechanical clock was one of a number of major advances that turned Europe from a weak, peripheral, highly vulnerable outpost of Mediterranean civilization into a hegemonic aggressor.
Steven Van Zandt|I'm just an old hippie. You know, peace and love.
Anthony Lewis|I preferred the weapons of dialectic to all the other teachings of philosophy, and armed with these, I chose the conflicts of disputation rather than the trophies of war.
Helen Fisher|The reason you take antidepressants is to feel calm. And romantic love is not calm - it's elation, it's mood swings, and you're killing all that when you take the drug.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|9/11 forced us to build another identity, to look deep and say who are we and what do we believe and is killing in the name of Islam part of that religion?No. No. No.
Avina Celeste|Win or lose, you are trying, that's what matters.
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|...for they was never a young man yet who don't want to go out and right a wrong, or kill a man, or have to do something to earn his right to what is there for the taking, all along. Only he don't think he can ask, nor take, without earning it. Without no pain. Oftener than not, a young man's a regular fool.
Quinn Loftis, Fate and Fury|Sometimes what you think is true, what you think is safe and good, is actually evil in disguise. Evil is so enticing, so deceiving, that you don't know its evil until it's wrapped you up and caressed you as a lover. You gaze into its eyes, enraptured by the pretty words whispers softly in your ears, realzing to late that the pretty words were all just twisted lies
Tom Reynolds, I Hate Myself and Want to Die: The 52 Most Depressing Songs You've Ever Heard|Prayers For Rain' begins like practically every Cure song, with an introduction that's longer than most Bo Diddley singles. Never mind the omnipresent chill, why does Robert Smith write such interminable intros? I can put on 'Prayers For Rain,' then cook an omelette in the time it takes him to start singing. He seems to have a rule that the creepier the song, the longer the wait before it actually starts. I'm not sure if Smith spends the intro time applying eye-liner or manually reducing his serotonin level, but one must endure a lot of doom-filled guitar patterns, cathedral-reverb drums and modal string synth wanderings during the opening of 'Prayers for Rain.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Crippled and crazy, we hobble toward the finish line, pen in hand.
Charles R. Swindoll|God has called His creation to find satisfaction in a personal relationship with Him, and stop trying to manage the world by conforming it to our expectations, and to allow Him to govern His creation. He continues to say through an ancient Hebrew worship song, "Be still and know that I am God!
Titus Lucretius Carus, The Way Things Are: The De Rerum Natura|Nothing can dwindle to nothing, as Nature restores one thing from the stuff of another, nor does she allow a birth, without a corresponding death.
Floyd C. Forsberg, The Toughest Prison of All|I often think with regret of that fresh, beautiful feeling of boundless, disinterested love which came to an end without having ever found self-expression or return. It is strange how, when a child, I always longed to be like grown-up people, and yet how I have often longed, since childhood's days, for those days to come back to me!
Michael Cunningham, A Wild Swan: And Other Tales|The morning’s splendour is conceived in the dark womb of night. A truth … we all know and believe. Yet a truth, that is most difficult to live and endure when one is in that dark womb. Alive and breathing … but inert, vulnerable, and ‘in waiting’. Witnessing but not conscious, wakeful but not awake. (Page 2)
Toni Sorenson|Underneath his sweetness and gentleness was the heat of a volcano. [Michael Faraday] was a man of excitable and fiery nature; but through high self-discipline he had converted the fire into a central glow and motive power of life, instead of permitting it to waste itself in useless passion.
Barry Unsworth, Sacred Hunger|Nothing a man suffers will prevent him from inflicting suffering on others. Indeed, it will teach him the way
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|In our need to be somebody, we often forget that we are somebody.
Damon Wayans, Jr.|As soon as I was tall enough, my dad used to let me drive him 60 miles or 70 miles to work. That was pretty fun. My dad was really old. At the time, he was 82 years old. He said, 'Can you drive?' and I said 'Yes.' I guess I didn't find it to be that crazy.
Ted Hughes, Poetry in the Making: An Anthology|The difference between a fairly interesting writer and a fascinating writer is that the fascinating writer has a better nose for what genuinely excites him, he is hotter on the trail, he has a better instinct for what is truly alive in him. The worse writer may seem to be more sensible in many ways, but he is less sensible in this vital matter: he cannot distinguish what is full of life from what is only half full or empty of it. And so his writing is less alive, and as a writer he is less alive, and in writing, as in everything else, nothing matters but life.
Thomas Browne|Death is delightful. Death is dawn, The waking from a weary night Of fevers unto truth and light.
Jessica Khoury, Origin|I only had the right to sit in the shadows of the world,in complete silence. Whether I was laughed at, or told I was discusting, or thought of as unpleasant I would sit in the shadows.
Edward Said|Nothing in my view is more reprehensible than those habits of mind in the intellectual that induce avoidance, that characteristic turning away from a difficult and principled position, which you know to be the right one, but which you decide not to take. You do not want to appear too political; you are afraid of seeming controversial; you want to keep a reputation for being balanced, objective, moderate; your hope is to be asked back, to consult, to be on a board or prestigious committee, and so to remain within the responsible mainstream; someday you hope to get an honorary degree, a big prize, perhaps even an ambassadorship. For an intellectual these habits of mind are corrupting par excellence. If anything can denature, neutralize, and finally kill a passionate intellectual life it is the internalization of such habits. Personally I have encountered them in one of the toughest of all contemporary issues, Palestine, where fear of speaking out about one of the greatest injustices in modern history has hobbled, blinkered, muzzled many who know the truth and are in a position to serve it. For despite the abuse and vilification that any outspoken supporter of Palestinian rights and self-determination earns for him or herself, the truth deserves to be spoken, represented by an unafraid and compassionate intellectual.
Karl Marx, Critique of Hegel's Philosophy of Right|I could reply. I could tell him that a metaphor is inadequate in the face of a bloodbath. That a Platonic inclination for dying doesn't balance out the serious decision to kill. That through the ages there has never been a great historical infamy committed for which there couldn't be found a symbol just as big, to justify it. That, in consequence, we would do well to pay attention to great certainties, to great invocations, to the great 'droughts' and 'rains'. That the temper of our most violent outbursts might benefit from a shade less enthusiasm.I could reply. But what good would it do? I have a simple, resigned, inexplicable sensation that everything that is happening is in the normal order of things and that I am awaiting a season that will come and pass -- because it has come and passed before.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|Well, everybody does it that way, Huck.""Tom, I am not everybody.
Bryan Davis, Liberator|I scrupulously hide every legitimate reason for people to hate me, and it turns out they don’t need legitimate reasons. Heaven has fashioned a knife of irony to stab me with.
Thomas L. Friedman|I was only 44, which is childhood philosophy.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|Make no mistake. I take these children seriously. It is not possible to see too much in them, to overindulge your causal gift for the study of character. It is all there, in full force, charged waves of identity and being. There are no amateurs in the world of children
Gregory V. Diehl|When you think of quitting, remember why you started!
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|The work of redemption is applied to individuals definitively (in justification), progressively (in sanctification), and completely (in glorification). In the same way, the work of redemption is applied universally to the kingdom definitively (in its inauguration), progressively (in its expansion), and completely (in its consummation).
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|Throughout it all, you are still, always, you: beautiful and bruised, known and unknowable. And isn't that - just you - enough?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|To find perfect ripeness, catch it.
Jessica Livingston, Founders at Work: Stories of Startups' Early Days|If you want to glide toward money, you have to make sure your message is clear as a bell, and you need to ensure that you have a unified team capable of communicating it.
G.K. Chesterton|For when once people have begun to believe that prosperity is the reward of virtue, their next calamity is obvious. If prosperity is regarded as the reward of virtue it will be regarded as the symptom of virtue. Men will leave off the heavy task of making good men successful. He will adopt the easier task of making out successful men good.
Snoop Dogg|Hobbits always so polite, yes! O nice hobbits! Smeagol brings them up secret ways that nobody else could find. Tired he is, thirsty he is, yes thirsty; and he guides them and he searches for paths, and they saw sneak, sneak. Very nice friends, O yes my precious, very nice." Sam felt a little remorseful, but not yet trustful."Sorry," he said. "I'm sorry, but you startled me out of my sleep. And I shouldn't have been sleeping, and that made me sharp. But Mr. Frodo, he's that tired, I asked him to have a wink; and well, that's how it is. Sorry. But where HAVE you been to?" "Sneaking," said Gollum, and the green glint did not leave his eyes...."Hullo, Smeagol!" Frodo said. "Found any food? Have you had any rest?"  "No food, no rest, nothing for Smeagol," said Gollum. "He's a sneak." "Don't take names to yourself, Smeagol," Frodo said. "It's unwise, whether they are true or false." "Smeagol has to take what's given to him," answered Gollum. "He was given that name by kind Master Samwise, the hobbit that knows so much.
Denham Sutcliffe, What Shall We Defend?: Essays And Addresses|But it seems to me inevitable that any person who gives thoughtful and imaginative attention to literature must be awakened in his sensibilities, enlarged in his sympathies, sharpened in his critical faculties.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Researchers have found that peer pressure exerted within a clique has caused every one of its members to experiment with drugs, to engage in murderous gang fights, to steal autos, and to violate the seventh commandment.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|I laugh at him, and behind us, several Inquisitors stir in surprise at the sound. Only Magiano can coax joy out of me so easily.
Kapil Sibal|Dame Barbara Cartland was an endearing eccentric, and when I interviewed her, she wanted me to listen to her dictating to her secretary one of those romantic novels that she turned out fortnightly.
Toni Sorenson|Three things to help keep your brain cells awake and alert ... drink plenty of clean water, get plenty of deep sleep, and let your imagination soar to places it's never dared venture.
Third Day|For the children around the world without a home, say a prayer tonight.
Konstantin Stanislavski, Creating a Role|If there really is such a thing as turning in one's grave, Shakespeare must get a lot of exercise.
A.J. Young, My Sudden Alpha Mate|This is good and hot.""I remember you used to say that about someone I know."He shakes his head. "Give it up, Scotts. That boat sailed, sank, and got towed.""But...""No. It ain't going to happen."He sits down next to me and I curl up next to him."Nicky, it's hard being a child of your divorce and probably the reason somebody is dead."Nick raises my head with his hands and looks at me and smiles."Life bites, baby girl.""...and sucks."Amen.
Deyth Banger|I wonder. If I had you wear that mask today, Anne, would you find the courage to tell me what is troubling you?"  Anne would very much have liked to confide in her father, but where in the world would she begin?  He leaned over and whispered in her ear. "I will tell you a secret, my dear. All of my children are shy. They have simply learned the art of wearing masks.
Pilou Asbaek|When fear rushed in, I learned how to hear my heart racing but refused to allow my feelings to sway me. That resilience came from my family. It flowed through our bloodline.
Douglas Fairbanks|You see some of these actors, they have a permanent smile on their face. How can they do that? It really fascinates me.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|The longest road to finding yourself is the one that begins at home, and ends at your home.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|I am Mother Nature. All of creation bows before me. When people leave their cities and learn of me—walk in my woods, bathe in my rivers, eat of my harvest—they will find healing to their souls. But stray from me and return to the supposed wisdom of men, and they will find themselves in chains once more.
Abhijit Naskar|If it seems perfect, you're being played with.
Jessica Chastain|The willingness to keep learning is, I think, the most important thing about trying to be good at anything. You never want to stop learning.
Penelope Fitzgerald, Charlotte Mew And Her Friends|There's always a siren, singing you to shipwreck. Some of us may be more susceptible than others are, but there's always a siren. It may be with us all our lives, or it may be many years or decades before we find it or it finds us. But when it does find us, if we're lucky we're Odysseus tied up to the ship's mast, hearing the song with perfect clarity, but ferried to safety by a crew whose ears have been plugged with beeswax. If we're not at all lucky, we're another sort of sailor stepping off the deck to drown in the sea.
Sophie Oak, Beast|MEG (to Dante, the vampire):“Vampires aren’t as cool as I expected them to be. In romance novels, vampires are all dark and broody and sexy. In real life, you talk an awful lot about stocks.
Jaymin Eve, Trickery|Go to sleep, dweller-baby. I’ll kill Elowin as soon as we find her.” He didn’t sound like he was kidding. Each word was low and laced with truth.“Next time, just say like … sleep well, or something normal,” I said. “Not go to sleep, I’ll be murdering someone in no time. It doesn’t sound as comforting as you think it does.
Rosie Huntington-Whiteley|We have ourselves begun to put our house in order by banning some experiments that may contain a risk for mankind. We would like to see society take a similar attitude, abandoning selfish practices that are dangerous for society itself.
Lights Poxlietner|You have to be uncomfortable in order to be successful, in some ways. If you stay in your comfort zone! You would never do the things that you need to do.
Keith Richards, Life|I had two speeds, which often varied with my blood alcohol level: fine with whatever, and never, ever satisfied. Where was the balance between these two?
Joyce Carol Oates|This is my life now. Absurd, but unpredictable. Not absurd because unpredictable but unpredictable because absurd. If I have lost the meaning of my life, I might still find small treasured things among the spilled and pilfered trash.
Sir Walter Raleigh.|Alas! this is not what I thought life was.I knew that there were crimes and evil men,Misery and hate; nor did I hope to passUntouched by suffering, through the rugged glen.In mine own heart I saw as in a glassThe hearts of others ... And whenI went among my kind, with triple brassOf calm endurance my weak breast I armed,To bear scorn, fear, and hate, a woeful mass!
Sun Ra|I believe and support the feminist movement, but I am not generally interested in considering women's rights in relation to equality with men, or in a competition with men, but rather within their own rights and feminine space.
Nevada Barr, Liberty Falling|What life is to humor, humor is to life.
Christina Romer|To hear some men talk of the government, you would suppose that Congress was the law of gravitation, and kept the planets in their places.
Vonda Sinclair, My Daring Highlander|I believe I was about to do this." He angled his head and nibbled on her lower lip. A small moan escaped her. Emboldened, he deepened the kiss and found she did not hesitate to explore on her own. Blood rushed to his groin and stiffened his arousal. Never had he met a lady so comfortable with her sensuality.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|She was afraid of giving in to that overwhelming, absolute, unconditional love, a love that had shown her the route to heaven, but which had also taught her how much one could suffer, to the point where even the sound of your own tears became deafening.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|He had the arrogance of the believer, but none of the humility of the deeply religious.
Eric Nuzum, Giving Up the Ghost: A Story About Friendship, 80s Rock, a Lost Scrap of Paper, and What It Means to Be Haunted|The trouble is," sighed the Doctor, grasping her meaning intuitively, "that youth is given up to illusions. It seems to be a provision of Nature; a decoy to secure mothers for the race. And Nature takes no account of moral consequences, of arbitrary conditions which we create, and which we feel obliged to maintain at any cost.
CV|Narratives are the primary way in which we make sense of our lives, as opposed to, for example schema,cognition, beliefs, constructs. Definition of narrative include the important element of giving meaning to events and experiences over time by connecting them as a developing, continuing story.
Taylor Swift|In the 1960s, if you introduced a new product to America, 90% of the people who viewed it for the first time believed in the corporate promise. Then 40 years later if you performed the same exercise, less than 10% of the public believed it was true. The fracturing of trust is based on the fact that the consumer has been let down.
Ellen G. White|Falling in love is awesome, but I'm never drawn to happy songs per se, so whenever you sit down to write a heartbreak song and you're happily in love, it's like, 'OK, now I have to go back to a sad place to get something good.'
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Christmas Eve, I give him packages which I open for him, since the bows and paper represent more labor than he could manage: music videos by the Nashville singers he thinks particularly sexy, fleece-lined slippers decorated with images of bacon and eggs, and a book about breeds of dogs. He says he wishes he had something for me to open, but I don’t want anything except to have him here. There’s nothing more he could give me than his life, right now, his being with me.
Dada Bhagwan|People remain glued in worldly interactions and that is their mistake. It is because they have become glued, they have to suffer the beating from the world.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Es decir..., lo que yo creo es que el hombre piensa en el significado de la vida porque sabe con certeza que va morir algún día. (...) Nadie sabe lo que va a ocurrir. Por eso nosotros, para evolucionar necesitamos la muerte.
D.R. Hedge, The Geri Rogue|Is there more to see?" Brixton asks. "No. Just a long walk back to hope.
Swami Dhyan Giten|We are all trying to find a path back to the present moment. And good enough reason to just be happy here... Mindfulness meditation is just a trick for doing that. It's a trick for setting aside your to-do list, if only for a few moments, and actually locate a feeling of fulfilment in the present
Luke Dittrich, Patient H.M.: A Story of Memory, Madness, and Family Secrets|Maybe the human brain is an object beyond the reach of metaphor, for the simple reason that it is the only object capable of creating metaphors to describe itself. There really is nothing else like it. The human brain creates the human mind, and then the human mind tries to underhand the human brain, however long it takes and whatever the cost.
Ali Shaheed Muhammad|When you run a part of the relay and pass on the baton, there is no sense of unfinished business in your mind. There is just the sense of having done your part to the best of your ability. That is it. The hope is to pass on the baton to somebody who will run faster and run a better marathon.
Pele|To be happy when you are travelling, you need to be happy inside before you leave. A positive frame of mind will definitely enhance your travelling experience. If I'm not in a positive frame of mind then the whole thing definitely becomes more of a challenge for me.
Yves Rossy|Implicit in true freedom of spirit lies a proud and virile will. Such glorious power of free will to choose, envisages beneficent social responsibility as manifest and welcome.
Ken Salazar|The quality that defines us as Americans is the courage to respond to being hit. The courage to root out and destroy the killers. And, most importantly, the courage to hold on to our values and protect our hard-won freedoms while doing it.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|Our hatred of government is not caused mainly by government's goals, whatever their wisdom, but by government's techniques." Philip Howard
Sunday Adelaja|When we did not know God, we did not live according to His plan; we planned our lives independently and we had lives full of ups and downs
Woodrow Wilson|If taxation without consent is robbery, the United States government has never had, has not now, and is never likely to have, a single honest dollar in its treasury. If taxation without consent is not robbery, then any band of robbers have only to declare themselves a government, and all their robberies are legalized.
E.J. Dionne Jr., Souled Out: Reclaiming Faith and Politics After the Religious Right|At the heart of my argument is the view that religious faith, far from being inevitably on the side of the status quo, should on principle hold this world to higher standards.
lauren klarfeld|sometimes we are so lonely that we are more ready to fall in love with the concept of a person than the person in itself. Some people are thirsty for life, while others are hungry for love - and a girl who travels will know that there have been people who have fallen in love with her for the wrong reasons
v filipa ketteridge|Quite often you look for answers and strength in friends (supposed 2b) around you, without realizing All the true strength and honest answers come from within!!!
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Well in those parts (upcountry India) they have were-tigers, or think they have, and I must say that in this case, so far as sworn and uncontested evidence went, they had every ground for thinking so. However, as we gave up witchcraft prosecutions about three hundred years ago, we don’t like to have other people keeping on our discarded practices; it doesn’t seem respectful to our mental and moral position.
William Faulkner|Yet even then the music has still a quality stern and implacable, deliberate and without passion so much as immolation, pleading, asking, for not love, not life, forbidding it to others, demanding in sonorous tones death as though death were the boon, like all Protestant music.
Deyth Banger|Hey, GreenHollyWood the mistake was mine that I added you as a friend... I thought that you are my friend... but your irony doesn't end.
John Bunyan, The Holy War|Another part or piece,' said Diabolus, 'of mine excellent armour, is a dumb and prayerless spirit, a spirit that scorns to cry for mercy, let the danger be ever so great; therefore be you, my Mansoul, sure that you make use of this.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|teacher:"I'm teacher, not because i want to teach children something. I am teacher just because I like to correct the tests.
Stephen Sondheim, Into the Woods|The gift of today, blessings of the moment.
Monica  Murphy, Slow Play|Listen, do you think we could, you know, have sex ? I could pay you extra of course. I know it’s not part of your job , but I’d love to strip you bare to just those pearls and bury myself in your—
Israelmore Ayivor, Creeds for Aspiring Achievers|Wisdom is the principal thing. The principle to discover the principal thing is "the fear of the Lord". Fear God and be wise.
Rupali Rajopadhye Rotti|The most important lesson we'd ever learn in life is that everyone is different and if we accept this for a fact and let them be, they can surprise us with what they can do and achieve.If others thought like us, acted like us and behaved like us, we'd all be xerox copies of each other and the monumental success we've achieved as a race (human race) would never have been possible.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|A healer's power stems not from any special ability, but from maintaining the courage and awareness to embody and express the universal healing power that every human being naturally possesses.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Prom|Don't worry, I can hander it!
Kirsten Dunst|Lack of education, old age, bad health or discrimination - these are causes of poverty, and the way to attack it is to go to the root.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|Your ma's dating?" Tim looks shocked. "I thought she pretty much confined herself to a vibrator and the shower nozzle since your dad screwed her over.
Albert Jay Nock|I wonder how many such men in America would know that Communism, the New Deal, Fascism, Nazism, are merely so-many trade-names for collectivist Statism, like the trade-names for tooth-pastes which are all exactly alike except for the flavouring.
Eraldo Banovac|Learn always and wherever possible, knowing that you'll never learneverything.
Lauren DeStefano, A Curious Tale of the In-Between|Redemption is won in the light, but is wrought in the darkness.
Iris Murdoch, The Black Prince|Trains induce such terrible anxiety. They image the possibility of total and irrevocable failure. They are also dirty, rackety, packed with strangers, an object lesson in the foul contingency of life: the talkative fellow-traveller, the possibility of children.
Amit Ray|I had spent my childhood and the better part of my early adulthood trying to understand my mother. She had been an extraordinarily difficult person, spiteful and full of rage, with a temper that could flare, seemingly out of nowhere, scorching everything and everyone who got in its way. [pp. 40-41]
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|In fact, it was all I could do to stop myself from saying, 'I've always been a big fan of your work …
Shane Claiborne, Red Letter Revolution: What If Jesus Really Meant What He Said?|As Christians, we should be the best collaborators in the world. We should be quick to find unlikely allies and subversive friends, like Jesus did.
Nora Ephron, I Remember Nothing: and Other Reflections|Dead, your Majesty. Dead, my lords and gentlemen. Dead, Right Reverends and Wrong Reverends of every order. Dead, men and women, born with Heavenly compassion in your hearts. And dying thus around us every day.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Humility and How to Get It|A person less fortunate than yourself deserves the best you can give. Because of duty, and honor, and service. You understand those words? You should do your job right, and you should do it well, simply because you can, without looking for notice or reward.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|There are at least two ways to believe in the idea of quality. You can believe there's something ineffable going on within the human mind, or you can believe we just don't understand what quality in a mind is yet, even though we might someday. Either of those opinions allows one to distinguish quantity and quality. In order to confuse quantity and quality, you have to reject both possibilities. The mere possibility of there being something ineffable about personhood is what drives many technologists to reject the notion of quality. They want to live in an airtight reality that resembles an idealized computer program, in which everything is understood and there are no fundamental mysteries. They recoil from even the hint of a potential zone of mystery or an unresolved seam in one's worldview. This desire for absolute order usually leads to tears in human affairs, so there is a historical reason to distrust it. Materialist extremists have long seemed determined to win a race with religious fanatics: Who can do the most damage to the most people?
Marianne Moore|Who speaks to the instincts speaks to the deepest in mankind, and finds the readiest response.
Skye Callahan, Irrevocable|Some are meant to make rules, some are meant to break them. Others just follow.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|If you ask the great city, ‘Who is this person?,’ she will answer, ‘He is my child.
Walter Murch, In the Blink of an Eye|Most of us are searching-consciously or unconsciously- for a degree of internal balance and harmony between ourselves and the outside world, and if we happen to become aware-like Stravinsky- of a volcano within us, we will compensate by urging restraint. By that same token, someone who bore a glacier within them might urge passionate abandon. The danger is, as Bergman points out, that a glacial personality in need of passionate abandon may read Stravinsky and apply restraint instead.
Charles Bukowski, Pulp|When my cell phone rang, I'd just finished cutting up my marriage mattress.
George Bernard Shaw, Saint Joan|Monsieur, innocence is its own crown. Innocence has no truck with highness. It is as august in rags as it is draped in the fleur-de-lis.
Ashley Graham|The irony is that food gives me a sense of control, even though it makes me totally out of control. Food is something I can choose, order, have delivered. I sit down, eat, and feel really good in the moment. At its essence, food is nourishing. There is truth in that. The trick is understanding and respecting the line where it crosses over into something unhealthy.
Kelle Hampton, Bloom: Finding Beauty in the Unexpected--A Memoir|You know, through pain, you learn a lot about yourself--things you thought you never knew you wanted to learn. And it's kind of like those animals that regrow a part of their body--like a starfish. You might not feel it. You might not even want to grow, but you will. You'll grow that part that broke off, and that growing, that blooming--cannot happen without the pain.
Lisa Samson, Hollywood Nobody|Fact: I don't know of a single girl who doesn't wish the show-it-all boxer-shorts phenomenon would go away as well. Guys, we just don't want to see your underwear. Truthfully, we believe that there is a direct correlation between how much underwear you show and how much you've got upstairs, if you know what I mean.
Judith Ivory, Untie My Heart|I am sorrowful. I am sorrowful that I happened to be born into a world where being disgusted with yourself was what you were supposed to be. I am sorrowful that my fellow countrymen feel that being human is something to repress, something ugly, something nasty. It's... It's just a fucking shame. It really is.I am penitent. I am penitent for all the relationships this shame has ruined. I am penitent that I've allowed my shame and unhappiness to spread to others. I've fucked men and I've fucked woman, Father Kolkan. I have sucked numerous pricks, and I have had my pricked sucked by numerous people. I have fucked and been fucked. And it was lovely, really lovely. I had an excellent time doing it, and I would gladly do it again. I really would. I have been lucky enough to find and meet and come to hold beautiful people in my arms - honestly, some beautiful, lovely, brilliant people - and I am filled with regret that my awful self-hate drove them
Ghiselle St. James, South Row|His proximity, that damn smile, just makes me hot in all the right places, but also pissed as hell. I don’t know if I should knee him in the balls or hump his leg like a bitch in heat.
John Gardner, On Becoming a Novelist|The best way a writer can find to keep himself going is to live off his (or her) spouse. The trouble is that, psychologically at least, it’s hard. Our culture teaches none of its false lessons more carefully than that one should never be dependent. Hence the novice or still unsuccessful writer, who has enough trouble believing in himself, has the added burden of shame. It’s hard to be a good writer and a guilty person; a lack of self-respect creeps into one’s prose.
Rachel McAdams|Isn't it crazy to think that we've explored space more than we have explored the depths of our ocean? That just fires up my imagination about potential sea monsters and cool creatures, that kind of stuff.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|I’ll take what’s behind door number three did not work too well in the modern justice system, which was all system and no justice.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Would we believe their story of the dead, when they return?
Johnston McCulley|Waldo was not alone by any means in trembling over an unjust plight. With the recent uproar over drunk driving, arrests had skyrocketed and detention centers all around the country were overflowing with bewildered motorists. Many of these dumbstruck, inebriated souls had been transferred and thoughtfully placed behind the same bars that held back murderers and rapists. Unfortunately for our heroes, they now joined the ranks of these luckless citizens.
Jason Silva|Imagination allows us to conceive of delightful future possibilities, pick the most amazing one, and pull the present forward to meet it.
Hermann Hesse|Trees down south have a difference to them, a subtle, slinking movement, mile by mile- a gracefulness, a swagger. Lanky trees stretching out their wiry thin, Spanish moss-covered branches, moss that sways and beckons ... come here, come here, it says.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|Miracles, to the Sufi, are not evidential, they are instrumental.
Gabriel García Márquez|...our family became a place where you screamed for help but no one heard, not ever.
Vishwas Chavan|There is a kind of counter-criticism that seeks to expand the work of art, by connecting it, opening up its meanings, inviting in the possibilities. A great work of criticism can liberate a work of art, to be seen fully, to remain alive, to engage in a conversation that will not ever end but will instead keep feeding the imagination. Not against interpretation, but against confinement, against the killing of the spirit. Such criticism is itself a great art.This is a kind of criticism that does not pit the critic against the text, does not seek authority. It seeks instead to travel with the work and its ideas, to invite it to blossom and invite others into a conversation that might have previously seemed impenetrable, to draw out relationships that might have been unseen and open doors that might have been locked. This is a kind of criticism that respects the essential mystery of a work of art, which is in part its beauty and its pleasure, both of which are irreducible and subjective. The worst criticism seeks to have the last word and leave the rest of us in silence; the best opens up an exchange that need never end.
Don Roff|Love is not possession, it is acceptance of everything without intention. Fear is not possession, it is acceptance of everything without mention. The act of loving your fear, to nurture this insecurity for a greater purpose, is to accept the reality of ones expression.
Alin Sav|We do not influence through speaking that much, but by leading.
Leonardo Sciascia, The Wine-Dark Sea|The sea is a body in a thousand ways that don't add up, because adding is too stable a transaction for that flux, but the waves come in in a roar and then ebb, almost silent but for the faint suck of sand and snap of bubbles, over and over, a heartbeat rhythm, the sea always this body turned inside out and opened to the sky, the body always a sea folded in on itself, a nautical chart folded into a paper cup.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Everyone is folding boxes. Andrew is folding boxes. If the entire job were to fold boxes people would scream. They would fold, and sometimes scream, existentially, then be dragged into a field and beaten into a paste. Sometimes there would be a killing rampage.
Thomas Aquinas|Almost everything has been stolen from us by the patriarchy. Our creativity has been stolen, our creative energies, our religion. I want it back.
Peter Kreeft, Christianity for Modern Pagans: Pascal's Pensées - Edited, Outlined & Explained|If we seek the truth without realizing how far we are from it, we will be dogmatists. If we realize how far we are from the truth but do not seek it, we will be skeptics. If we both seek the truth and realize how far we are from it, we will be wise.
W.H. Auden, Selected Poems|The Ogre does what ogres can,Deeds quite impossible for Man,But one prize is beyond his reach:The Ogre cannot master speech.About a subjugated plain,Among it's desperate and slain,The Ogre stalks with hands on hips,While drivel gushes from his lips.
Debasish Mridha|It is easy to be intelligent, but it is very difficult to be wise because wisdom comes from experience.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you want to be able to recall everything and anything in detail,then you need to be strong enough to feel all bad memories as well.
Susan Crandall, Whistling Past the Graveyard|My daddy says that when you do somethin' to distract you from your worstest fears, it's like whistlin' past the graveyard. You know, making a racket to keep the scaredness and the ghosts away. He says that's how we get by sometimes. But it's not weak, like hidin'...it's strong. It means you're able to go on.
Jeanette Coron|If you stop feeding strife, it will eventually lead to a peaceful life.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|A thankful heart, a grateful soul.
Daniel Desprez|Wisdom supersedes knowledge in all venues outside of perhaps "presence".
Julia Stiles|We must have the courage to confront dreadful views even in the people we love the most. But that's difficult to do when we cast large segments of our fellow citizens into a basket to be condemned and disparaged, judging them even as we ignore that many of their deplorable traits exist in us, too.
Jane Goodall|A sense of calm came over me. More and more often I found myself thinking, "This is where I belong. This is what I came into this world to do.
Kyle Chandler|Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him.
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|The farther you get from the actual historical person of Jesus and His time, the more the church knows about Jesus and understand more deeply the truth of the Scriptures. We know more of the truth of Jesus the Risen Lord and His Word because we have been the recipients of more than 2000 years of faith, of life lived in the power of the Spirit and the Word in our midst. The power of of the presence of the Risen Lord is not static, but dynamic, and growing ever stronger as the kingdom of the earth comes more into its fullness in time and place. It is an awesome thought that calls us to responsibility and gratefulness for having been given the gift from those who have gone before us in faith. It is our privilege and inheritance, which we must be sure to pass on to those who come after us, in forms that are ever richer, more expressive and inclusive of others.
Zell Miller|When I entered politics, I took the only downward turn you could take from journalism.
Vishwanath S J|I do not derive out of the evolution, but the act of creativity inside of it!
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|As it is, the vital question you should be asking is not what I am, but what you yourself are.
Gladys M. Hunt|Grief is like a journey one must take on a winding mountainside, often seeing the same scenery many times, a road which eventually leads to somewhere we've never been before.
Gautama Buddha|Words do not express thoughts very well; every thing immediately becomes a little different, a little distorted, a little foolish. And yet it also pleases me and seems right that what is of value and wisdom of one man seems nonsense to another.
Abhijit Naskar|Quite like religious fundamentalism, educational fundamentalism is based upon bookish creeds created by the self-proclaimed authority figures of the system. And this very fundamentalism is the cause of all the growing conflicts between the student-body of the education society and the teachers running that society. These conflicts further become tools of exploitation in the hands of a handful of war-mongering, authoritarian, blood-sucking politicians.
Becky Wade, A Love Like Ours|…It was like he waved his magic wang, and I totally forgot how I’m not a gullible teenager anymore.
Patti Stanger|I'd like to say that I'm a rock star, but I'm not - I'm honestly more of a relationship kind of guy. I'm a guy you could take home to meet your mum rather than a guy your mum wouldn't like.
Stephen King, Different Seasons|Andy Dufresne: 'That's the beauty of music. They can't get that from you...haven't you ever felt that way about music?'Red: 'I played a mean harmonica as a younger man. Lost interest in it though. Didn't make much sense in here.'Andy: 'Here's where it makes the most sense. You need it so you don't forget.' Red: 'Forget?'Andy: 'Forget that...there are places in this world that aren't made out of stone. That there's something inside...that they can't get to, that they can't touch. That's yours.'Red: 'What're you talking about?'Andy: 'Hope.
Mother Teresa|The Lord likes small things best, especially those done with love.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Beware what you consume, lest you appetite grow by what it feeds on.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|It wasn't nothing, but it wasn't everything either.
James S. Bielo, Emerging Evangelicals: Faith, Modernity, and the Desire for Authenticity|If you don’t know how to get success, then follow a person who knows it and you will be there.
Carol Lee, To Die For|I started crying when the group [therapy] was over because the last thing we did upset me - we all held a piece of the same cloth, leaned back and supported each other's weight. I couldn't do it. I bent my legs and elbows and stood very firm, yet . . .I needed to feel supported, as i do in life, but i can't let myself be, and i pretend not to need that support.
Anton Chekhov|Themistocles said  "The Athenians govern the Greeks  I govern the Athenians  you  my wife  govern me  your son governs you."
Rawi Hage, Carnival|Many years later after the sell-outs, betrayals, and hatred which would tear us apart, when our brotherhood had been destroyed, I’d always look back and remember that night. That fucking wild night at the KeyClub, when the smoke stung my eyes but my world was full of nothing but blind hope. When life was not a mockery, but a very real fire which flamed through my veins like the most incredible drug... the night when Kelly-Lee Obann, drunk, high and barely 20 the time, looked out through his hair with a terrible nakedness and said to me; “We’re not gonna make it out of this alive. You know that, right?
Donna Lynn Hope|Relationships are never complicated. You’re either together or you’re not. If someone says it’s complicated, it really just means someone’s killing time until something better comes along.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 3|But, I still can't totally forgive Dave for blowing my world apart. DO YOU HEAR THAT, DAVE?!
James H. Douglas, Jr.|In many ways, September feels like the busiest time of the year: The kids go back to school, work piles up after the summer's dog days, and Thanksgiving is suddenly upon us.
Vivek Saliya|When no one cares about you, just look at yourself in mirror
Sunday Adelaja|our life does not belong to us any more, it is now the life of Jesus Christ that lives in us.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|This must be Thursday,' said Arthur to himself, sinking low over his beer. 'I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
Robin S. Sharma|The beautiful thing about fear is when you run to it, it runs away
Hubert Martin|I think I feel it The nimble, fleeting emotion That novels and authors desperately Try to convey in ink and heart blood Whose shadow festers in the loins Of teenagers and their insatiability The hidden thing none of us can see Yet we all disagree what it looks like If only it were love... simple, infinite love But this was more, this was bloodshot madness.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|The Society of Professional Journalists believes that "public enlightenment is the forerunner of justice and the foundation of democracy." If that is so, can justice or democracy be secure in a media world where public enlightenment has been supplanted by the superficial?
Alain Ducasse|In Denmark, the annual Christmas party is probably the most important cultural institution in the country.
Alexis Carrel|I think that probably the most important thing about our education was that it taught us to question even those things we thought we knew. To say you've got to inquire, you've got to be testing your knowledge all the time in order to be more effective in what you're doing.
Dani Harper|If you hear voices, you’re a lunatic. If you write down what they say, you’re an author.
Debasish Mridha|The heavenly sound of music kindles my heart, twinkles my mind, and feeds my soul so that I may transcend and transform.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|If the artist reflects only his own culture, then his works will die with that culture. But if his works reflect the eternal and universal, they will revive.
Joanna Runciman, The Radiant Woman's Handbook|...the Northern Rockies region is a rapidly changing part of the United States. Ironically, in many areas today's number-one threat is not clear-cutting, overgrazing, or destructive mining practices. It is something more insidious. Well-meaning people, many of them former visitors who were seduced into moving to the glorious region, are loving it to death.
Julie Andrews Edwards|There was one of two things I had a right to: liberty or death. If I could not have one, I would have the other; for now man should take me alive.
Amy Poehler|But I was eventually okay. And you will be okay too. Here's why. I had already made a decision early on that I would be a plain girl with tons of personality, and accepting it made everything a lot easier. If you are lucky, there is a moment in your life when you have some say as to what your currency is going to be. I decided early on it was not going to be my looks.
Jim Fowler|Space can vibrate, space can fluctuate, space can be quantum mechanical, but what the devil is it? And, you know, everybody has their own idea about what it is, but there's no coherent final consensus on why there is space.
Tyler, The Creator|I do work too hard sometimes, but my mom is such an inspiration. She tells me to 'chill out' and not take things so seriously. She will say: 'Go and have a massage.'
Hortense Odlum|It was from an old friend who thought he was dying. Anyway, he said, 'Life and death issues don't come along that often, thank God, so don't treat everything like it's life or death. Go easier.'
Neel Mukherjee, The Lives of Others|It could be said of him that while others chased the mirage of happiness, he was happy with being content.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Well, but you affirm that virtue is only elicited by temptation; - and you think that a woman cannot be too little exposed to temptation, or too little acquainted with vice, or anything connected therewith – It must be, either, that you think she is essentially so vicious, or so feeble-minded that she cannot withstand temptation, - and though she may be pure and innocent as long as she is kept in ignorance and restraint, yet, being destitute of real virtue, to teach her how to sin is at once to make her a sinner...
Emma Stone|I'm 42 and the age of a guy who has kids, so I guess I'm playing right where I'm supposed to be. I'm comfortable with that, but in the same breath I'd do something edgy. If someone came to me and offered me an edgy and funny story, then I'd do it.
Ben Shneiderman|Therefore, the good of man must be the end of the science of politics.
Davon M. Custis, The Memory of Lost Dreams|He wasn't telling her what the gods were, he was telling her what goodness was. To want other people to grow. To want other people to have all the good things that you have. And to spare them the bad things if you can. That was goodness.
Maurice H. Harris, Hebraic Literature; Translations from the Talmud, Midrashim and Kabbala|It is time for the international community to work for the creation of an independent Kurdistan as they did once for the Jews after the Holocaust. The current war against ISIS, which is perceived by many as World War Three, can be compared to World War Two. After horrible wars, great changes can be brought about for those who have suffered extreme injustice.
Brene Brown|'Tis love that makes the world go round, my baby.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|An effort was made to spread this new materialist atheism with its Communist consequence "by the sword" (as the metaphor goes), that is, by the invasion of neighboring countries with consequent further massacres and the extension of the area of despotic Soviet control... This armed attempt at expansion was checked by Catholic Poland, the most immediately exposed victim, in what has been called "one of the decisive battles of the world.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I plan to live my own way. Hopefully, it is as per God's Way.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Perhaps I am a man of exceptional moods. I do not know how far my experience is common. At times I suffer from the strangest sense of detachment from myself and the world about me; I seem to watch it all from the outside, from somewhere inconceivably remote, out of time, out of space, out of the stress and tragedy of it all. This feeling was very strong upon me that night. Here was another side to my dream.
Chuck Palahniuk, Pygmy|For official record, if become bankrupt old retail distribution centers-labeled supermega, so-enlarged foodstuff market- later reincarnate to become worship shrine. First sell food-stuff, next then same structure sell battered furnitures, next now born as gymnasium club, next broker flea markets, only at final end of life...sell religions.
Amiel Sudario|I think a lover, when broken, is given a gift not a scar, not a poem, not a rhyme (unless it fits.) I think as humans, we see a set of hues but when wounded, we see something more: deeper shades of hurt and worry, colors never seen before. Because I can’t imagine a child could see the same black as a widower, and I don’t think healthy hearts know the true meaning of blue. When children close their eyes, they see a color they call empty. But in the eyelids of the bruised, the empty black’s a crowded room.
C. JoyBell C.|Endurance of life problems, spirit of survival.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|We will never find the perfect job, relationship, or situation. What we can do is search for happiness. Our ideals in life are set by others, and it’s because they haven’t mastered the art of the happiness search.
Clifford Cohen|Mason was a first-rate spatial voyeur, an autodidact of architectural exteriors.
Stasi Eldredge, Your Captivating Heart: Unveil the Beauty, Romance, and Adventure of a Woman's Soul|You see, women have been essential to every great move of God. Yes, Moses led the Isaelites out of Egypt, but only after his mother risked her life to save him! Closer to our time, Clara Barton was instrumental in starting the Red Cross. Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's Cabin put fire into people's heart to end slavery in the United States. Rosa Parks kicked the Civil Rights movement into gear with her quiet act of courage. Eunice Kennedy Shriver created the Special Olympics. Mother Teresa inspired the world by bringing love to countless thought unlovable. And millions of other women quietly change the world every day by bringing the love of God to those around them.
Aeschylus|The deeper the experience of an absence of meaning - in other words, of absurdity - the more energetically meaning is sought.
Cailee Francis, Sensuality in the Darkest of Times: A Short Story|Oh God, there were so many stars you could have used. What was the need to give these people to the fire, that the symbol of their passing might shine above Bethlehem?
Kitty French, Knight & Stay|I try to ignore the fact that I can feel Kieren's hard-on against my ass and that it's perfectly pressing into me. I tell my suddenly happy cunny to stop quivering with excitement. Naughty, puss, that's creepy Kieren rubbing on you. Stop purring, dammit!
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Lie you easy, dream you light,And sleep you fast for aye;And luckier may you find the nightThan ever you found the day.
George MacDonald, At the Back of the North Wind|By the grace of God we will never pluck unripe fruit. We will never press people to decision, because we'll lead them to damnation and not salvation.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|The Lord chose to give me back my life, not because I deserved it, but because he had work for me to do.
Gautama Buddha|Perhaps in the end, it should be left alone as a reminder that life isn't perfect, but even with it's imperfections it is worthwhile and enjoyable. Wouldn't it be great if more people thought that?
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|For it has come about, by the wise economy of nature, that our modern spirit can almost dispense with language; the commonest expressions do, since no expressions do; hence the most ordinary conversation is often the most poetic, and the most poetic is precisely that which cannot be written down.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|I used to walk out, at night, to the breakwater which divides the end of the harbor form the broad moor of the salt marsh. There was nothing to block the wind that had picked up speed and vigor from its Atlantic crossing. I’d study the stars in their brilliant blazing, the diaphanous swath of the milk Way, the distant glow of Boston backlighting the clouds on the horizon as if they’d been drawn there in smudgy charcoal. I felt, perhaps for the first time, particularly American, embedded in American history, here at the nation’s slender tip. Here our westering impulse, having flooded the continent and turned back, finds itself face to face with the originating Atlantic, November’s chill, salt expanses, what Hart Crane called the “unfettered leewardings,” here at the end of the world.
Barbara Corcoran|Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!
Cory Booker|With Dad, he was the ultimate wildlife warrior, and we admired him more than anything.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|Right and wrong are determined by the people who hold positions of authority, that's the way it has always been so how then can anyone know this truth you speak of? Don't you see that truth long ago became a shadow of itself, it's a mere echo of the past now... The world is one big moral gray area, it just makes you feel safer that it can be categorized into good and bad that's not actually how it works.
Ilchi Lee, Earth Citizen: Recovering Our Humanity|And in that moment, I was hit with the realization that this delicate layer of atmosphere is all that protects every living thing on Earth from perishing in the harshness of space.
Bob Proctor|The person who has a highly evolved will they think, they build an image and they focus on that image.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|There are temptations more attractive than angels. Liberty, Patriotism, the good of humanity – words like that are the silver scales of the Tempter’s flaming wings
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you can defeat your own calamity, you will be a hope for others and thus you can defeat the calamity of others too!
Evangeline Lilly|Acting is something I appreciate, and I think it's been an amazing experience. But I'm not passionate about acting the way you probably should be to call yourself an actor.
Harley King, Mother, Don't Lock Me In That Closet!|Me: "All right, but you said we had to put emotion into our art. I don't know what that means. I don't know what I'm supposed to feel.
Sunday Adelaja|The respect one gets in the forces by virtue of the ‘rank’ is not absolute. 'True respect’ is the one that is earned by virtue of actions, experience, knowledge and demeanor.
Yixing Zhang, 而立·24|It is the brain's full and absolute responsibility to evolve, nobody will do it for it, and grace and salvation do not exist. The brain must take its place as the source of grace and learn to operate itself properly. In fact, its transformation will begin when it will bear all responsibility alone.
Elizabeth Peters|we people at the bottom feel everything; but it is hard for us to speak out our hearts. our thoughts float about in us. we are ashamed because, although we understand, we are not able to express them; an often from shame we are angry at our thoughts, and at those who inspire them. we drive them away from ourselves
Devon Aoki|Power is the chance to impose your will within a social context, even when opposed and regardless of the integrity of that chance.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the sky is clear, when the sea is calm and the full moon is rising, whatever you are doing, leave it; go to the seaside; sit and watch it! You will then reach the land where there is no thinking; the land of pure wisdom!
Mechthild of Magdeburg, Meditations from Mechthild of Magdeburg|A fish cannot drown in water,A bird does not fall in air.In the fire of creation,God doesn't vanish:The fire brightens.Each creature God mademust live in its own true nature;How could I resist my nature,That lives for oneness with God?
Dr. Dre|Technology has allowed me to reach my fans directly. Social media: it has been a complete revolution of how to interact, promote and share things.
Kat Evans, The Domme Tamer|Jillian had charged into the bathroom on seven, but she just shot straight to ten. Her nature may be reserved, but she didn’t take shit off anybody. “Don’t patronize me. And don’t you dare come down here and judge us!” She pointed her finger directly at AJ. “We’re the ones doing the heavy lifting, so people like you can come along at the very end and ride along on our coattails. You can act tough all you want, but it’s just an act, AJ. You, with your expensive suits and shiny shoes,” she sneered. “You wouldn’t survive one minute out there on those streets. You’re weak.” Before she realized what was about to happen, AJ seized her by the shoulders and threw her against the wall. Pinning her with her own body, she pressed her index finger over Jillian’s lips. “That’s enough.” Those glittering green eyes warned Jillian not to say another word. The impact had completely knocked the breath out of her. AJ pressed her body tighter into hers, preventing Jillian from taking a replenishing breath, so she breathed short shallow breaths through her nose. Her heart pounded. What was happening? She wasn’t in control of the situation, and oddly enough, for once she didn’t want to be. She had just been manhandled, yet she had no desire to fight back. Instead, she wanted to hook her leg around AJ’s waist and draw her closer to where AJ’s heat seared her core.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|I realized how subversive Ruth was then, not because she drew pictures of nude women that got misused by her peers, but because she was more talented than her teachers. She was the quietest kind of rebel. Helpless, really.
Ana Claudia Antunes, How to Make a Book|Great characters- They are pivotal for a great plot. THEN a solid plot: Why then? If you do not have great characters it is impossible to create a good plot, nonetheless a solid one. Once you have built great characters for the scenes, there you have it. It’s just like the movies, you cannot have a great film if the characters are frail and their lines are weak as well. I guess great world-building comes along with a good plot. If there is something that will work fine in a novel is how you will develop from the theme. You’ve got to establish a good timeline, and from there it comes a world. You see the technical matters don’t match or matter as much to me. Even a poorly written story, if there is a good plot and great characters on it will make a divine combination There are simply many cases of it over the mainstream and that even reached the big screen.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Oh, that's just Thud! That's easy!" yapped a voice.Both men turned to look at Horsefry, who had been made perky by sheer relief."I used to play it when I was a kid," he burbled. It's boring. The dwarfs always win!"Gilt and Vetinari shared a look. It said: While I loathe you and every aspect of your personal philosophy to a depth unplummable by any line, I'll credit you at least with not being Crispin Horsefry.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|In the grand scheme of things, we share a mutual goal, but I'm not a distraction."He couldn't help laughing, probably loudly enough to scare a school of hammerheads."What?""Sharona Blaire." He shook his head, keeping his eyes on the smooth ocean surface. "You've been nothing but the sexiest, most desirable distraction of my life." The admission hung in the air, suspended, and for a painful moment, he regretted being so open... trusting."I guess that means we have something else in common, Jeff Cruz.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Less is more, especially in relationships. You must understand and appreciate the importance of quality in relationships over quantity.
D. Nicole Williams, Change Your Posture! Change Your LIFE!: The Passion Fruit of Purposed Pursuit|Entrepreneur, your either raising the bar of excellence or your exhaling at the bar which is expensive.
Maggie Georgiana Young|We long for an intimate connection, but that longing makes us feel vulnerable. Therefore, we guard our hearts for self-preservation, which barricades that intimacy we are longing for. Casual sex is a very sad cat and mouse game. The man is entrapped in his role as the sex-driven predator constantly on the hunt for new conquests, while the woman is the prey that must find her perfect combination of sexual allure and virtue, with the sexual allure being what attracts him and virtue what keeps him.
Stephen King|Writing is magic, as much the water of life as any other creative art. The water is free. So drink. Drink and be filled up.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|If you have a big idea or plan that you desire to execute, don't depend solely on others to appreciate your efforts. You must have the ability to encourage yourself. At times seeking encouragement from others can lead to disappointment which sometimes leads you to neglect your obligation. Never build your hopes and dreams based primarily on the accolades from others. You may discover a rude awakening.
Immanuel Kant, Observations on the Feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime|Finer feeling, which we now wish to consider, is chiefly of two kinds: the feeling of the *sublime* and that of the *beautiful*. The stirring of each is pleasant, but in different ways. The sight of a mountain whose snow-covered peak rises above the clouds, the description of a raging storm, or Milton's portrayal of the infernal kingdom, arouse enjoyment but with horror; on the other hand, the sight of flower strewn meadows, valleys with winding brooks and covered with grazing flocks, the description of Elysium, or Homer's portrayal of the girdle of Venus, also occasion a pleasant sensation but one that is joyous and smiling. In order that the former impression could occur to us in due strength, we must have *a feeling of the sublime*, and, in order to enjoy the latter well, *a feeling of the beautiful*. Tall oaks and lonely shadows in a sacred grove are sublime; flower beds, low hedges and trees trimmed in figures are beautiful. Night is sublime; day is beautiful. Temperaments that possess a feeling for the sublime are drawn gradually, by the quiet stillness of a summer evening as the shimmering light of the stars breaks through the brown shadows of night and the lonely moon rises into view, into high feelings of friendship, of disdain for the world, of eternity. The shining day stimulates busy fervor and a feeling of gaiety. The sublime *moves*, the beautiful *charms*.
Roselynn Cannes, Fallen|The secondhand experience is always better. The image is crisper, the view is keener, the camera angle and the soundtrack manipulate my emotions in a way reality can't anymore. I don't know that we are actually human at this point, those of us who grew up with TV and movies and now the internet. If we are betrayed, we know the words to say; when a loved one dies, we know the words to say. If we want to play the stud or the smart-ass or the fool, we know the words to say. We are all working from the same dog-eared script
Stacy Schiff, Vera|Blind passion was one thing, all-knowing intimacy a rarer commodity.
Unarine Ramaru|Get attached to your dreams; The but to that statement is, be open to all possibilities in your mission.
Jonathan Safran Foer|Life has changed a lot, you know. You didn't used to get all this food inside food inside food when I was a girl. The other day I was eating a mushroom and found it had been stuffed with prawns. I've got so many misgivings over this crazy, Boy. It's flying in the face of nature. A mushroom is a woodland fungus and a prawn comes from the sea. People have got no business stuffing one inside the other.
Elena Mauli Shapiro, 13, rue Thérèse|...all the men in the photograph wear puttees. All the men in the picture are bound, trying to keep themselves together. That is how considerate they are, for the love of God and country and women and the other men--for the love of all that is good and true--they keep themselves together because they have to. They are afraid but they are not cowards.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|Why would an all-powerful creator decide to plant his carefully crafted species on islands and continents in exactly the appropriate pattern to suggest, irresistibly, that they had evolved and dispersed from the site of their evolution?
Anthony T. Hincks|Faith is a beautiful thing. When you believe in an image; an ideal; a supreme being or figure and you stand in the sunshine and you feel the warmth as it spreads through your body. And with that warmth comes a smile and a knowing that you were right to believe in the first place.That is what having faith is.It's regardless of which religion you belong to, because faith is universal. That is why it is magical and the sooner we put away our differences and start to believe in each other then that is when we truly start to use faith as it was intended to be used.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single ladies, we are not Damsels in Distress…we are Divas that Impress!
Ufuoma Apoki|Life is all about adjustments and love is, to be sensitive to the needs of the other than your own needs.
Ramakrishna, Sayings of Sri Ramakrishna|You speak of doing good to the world. Is the world such a small thing? And who are you, pray, to do good to the world? First realise God, see Him by means of spiritual discipline. If He imparts power you can do good to others; otherwise not.
Victoria Herocten, Awaken Mega Happiness|To become happy in life you need to master the eleven skills: know your life compass, change your thinking, change your beliefs, accept your limits, take responsibility for your life, use positive language, change your habits, manage negative emotions in a wise way, set compelling goals, master time management and face life challenges
Marianne Wiggins|... shunning all offers of help, all offers of the more practical... This was his task, he said, and it would be carried out alone. Penance, my brother reminded me, was a lonely place to be.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|and I told myself -- as I've told myself before -- that the body shuts down then the pain gets too bad, that consciousness is temporary, that this will pass. But just like always, I didn't slip away. I was left on the shore with the waves washing over me, unable to drown.
Suzanne Wright, The Bite That Binds|I’ve always thought that Binding was a bit like a war − both sides think they’re right, and neither wants to back down…the only difference is that you’re sleeping with the enemy.”-Evan
Adrian G. Hilder|A legacy is not what is recorded in history books or repeated in song, but what is woven into the souls of those who remain.(from The General's Legacy)
Nalini Singh, Bonds of Justice|There are many things I don’t know, but quite a few I do. I know you can’t be lost if you know where you are. I know that life is full of precious and fragile things, and not all of them are pretty. I know that the sun follows the moon and makes days, one after another. Time passes. The world turns, and we turn with it, and though we can never go back to the beginning, sometimes, we can start again.
Debasish Mridha|You are born to be magical, gorgeous and beautiful inside and out. So express your beauty and fear not.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|Sometimes comfort doesn't matter. When a shoe is freakin' fabulous, it may be worth a subsequent day of misery. Soak in Epsom salts and take comfort in the fact that you're better than everyone else.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Tell me something wonderful," he said to Dane. "Tell me that we are going to die dreamfully and loved in our sleep.""You're always writing one of your plays on the phone," said Dane."I said, something wonderful. Say something about springtime.""It is sloppy and wet. It is a beast from the sea.""Ah," said Harry.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Transformations are a part of life. We are constantly being changed by things changing around us. Nobody can control that. Nobody can control the environment, the economy, luck, or the moods of others. Compositions change. Positions change. Dispositions change. Experiences change. Opportunities and attitudes change. You will change.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I am made of joy! I am joy! My vibration is constantly raising, and I feel good!
Frank Zappa|I have an important message to deliver to all the cute people all over the world. If you're out there and you're cute, maybe you're beautiful. I just want to tell you somethin' — there's more of us UGLY MOTHERFUCKERS than you are, hey-y, so watch out.
Jose Ramos-Horta|Research programmes, besides their negative heuristic, are also characterized by their positive heuristic.
Laura Schroff, An Invisible Thread: The True Story of an 11-Year-Old Panhandler, a Busy Sales Executive, and an Unlikely Meeting with Destiny|If you make me lunch," he said, "will you put it in a brown paper bag?...Because when I see kids come to school with their lunch in a paper bag, that means that someone cares about them. Miss Laura, can I please have my lunch in a paper bag?
Paul Éluard|There is another world, and it is in this one.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|The old oak, utterly transformed, draped in a tent of sappy dark green, basked faintly, undulating in the rays of the evening sun. Of the knotted fingers, the gnarled excrecenses, the aged grief and mistrust- nothing was to be seen. Through the rough, century-old bark, where there were no twigs, leaves had burst out so sappy, so young, that is was hard to believe that the aged creature had borne them. "Yes, that is the same tree," thought Prince Andrey, and all at once there came upon him an irrational, spring feeling of joy and renewal. All the best moments of his life rose to his memory at once. Austerlitz, with that lofty sky, and the dead, reproachful face of his wife, and Pierre on the ferry, and the girl, thrilled by the beauty of the night, and that night and that moon- it all rushed at once into his mind.
Debasish Mridha|If peace is our ultimate goal, love should be our only weapon.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Let me breathe You in,Let me taste the meaning of sublime;Let my soul mingle with You,Let me be one with divine!
Criss Jami|Any coward can be a peacekeeper! In fact, that comes to one naturally. But they are blessed, the peacemakers...and all those who know the difference.
Gloria Furman, Glimpses of Grace: Treasuring the Gospel in Your Home|most of us happily disavow fairies, astrology and the Flying Spaghetti Monster, without first immersing ourselves in books of Pastafarian theology etc.
John C. Maxwell, Thinking for a Change: 11 Ways Highly Successful People Approach Life and Work|There will always be wars," Maggie told him."Yes," Reeve replied. "But there will also be brothers, sisters, comrades and lovers as well, and they are who we fight for. Our comrades--our brothers--beside us on the field; our wives and families at home. Wallace wishes for freedom. It is a gife given by God and should not be taken by men; it is the right of every man to be free and it is our duty to protect that right so that our children may know what it is to be free and not live under oppression.
Ankala Subbarao|It is said "Barking dogs seldom bite".......Unfortunately many dogs do not know this proverb!
C. S. Lewis: A Life: Eccentric Genius, Reluctant Prophet|The imaginative is produced by the human mind as it tries to respond to something greater than itself, struggling to find images adequate to the reality.
G.K. Chesterton|A man must be prepared not only to be a martyr, but to be a fool. It is absurd to say that a man is ready to toil and die for his convictions if he is not even ready to wear a wreathe around his head for them.
Pico Iyer|I love movies. And I dig a great love story: the kind that wrecks me, then builds me back up and leaves me inspired. I write what I want to see.
Chris Matakas|Service, it seems, is the only antidote to existential frustration.
Brenda Perlin, Shattered Reality|He would say things like, “But you are my wife!” when I didn’t do something that he wanted me to do. His expectations were not realistic.
Wendelin Van Draanen|Philosophically, the universe has really never made things in ones. The Earth is special and everything else is different? No, we've got seven other planets. The sun? No, the sun is one of those dots in the night sky. The Milky Way? No, it's one of a hundred billion galaxies. And the universe - maybe it's countless other universes.
Jon Skovron, Hope and Red|We have to believe in us. We're the miracle of modern and changing times. Share your talents and gift, inspire others and be inspired
Saaif Alam|A person who posses a cunning attitude are not always academically intelligent, but they are considered clever because they can manipulate and cause harm towards others in order to gain something out of them for their own benefit. They can be defeated if people stand up towards them and point out their actual inappropriate behavioral activities with logical reasoning.
Levon Peter Poe|Love's a gift, and can certainly be refused. Refusing doesn't destroy the gift, it simply puts it aside. You're free to do that. I'm not expecting a gift in return. Take what's offered, especially when it's offered so generously and without expectations.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|I have this, this gift, I know that; and I know my obligation to it.
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|You won't," says the Mayor, smiling again. "Everyone knows you aren't a killer, Todd."He pushes Viola forward again -She calls out from the pain of it -Viola, I t
Tom Clancy, The Cardinal of the Kremlin|Once a person has been poisoned by self-deception, he can't make decisions about himself as neatly as all that.
Jamie O'Neill, At Swim, Two Boys|...vicinity to the sea is desirable, because it is easier to do nothing by the sea than anywhere else, and because bathing and basking on the shore cannot be considered an employment but only an apotheosis of loafing. ("Expiation")
Isaac Newton|If I have been able to see further than others, it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants
M.F. Moonzajer|Everything inside me screams for just one more kiss, one more word, one more glance, one more.
Vince Lombardi|Obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
|Isn't it awkward how some people strive to progress in life, but when they see someone who is progressing, they become very envious?
Gugu Mona|I am not moved by riches and fame, but selflessness and a passion for humanity.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Whisper|THE WOMAN WAS GOING TO KILL HIM, and not because she was stronger and more vicious than he was. Which, if he thought about it, she was. He’d never ripped a man’s throat out with his teeth, and he was damned impressed that Gwen had. She’d made the Lords of the Underworld look like marshmallows.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|We won’t be able to choose who we’ll have to talk to in order to keep advancing in life. We won’t always like them, and they will most likely not like us back either, so it’s wrong to confine ourselves in our own little worlds when there’s plenty of it outside to explore.
Bart Campolo, Why I Left, Why I Stayed: Conversations on Christianity Between an Evangelical Father and His Humanist Son|If you don't believe in transcendent experience, you haven't been to the right concert, you know, you haven't used the right drugs, you haven't had sex with the right partner.
V.T. Davy, Black Art|And then, with a shock like high-voltage coursing through me, the phone beside me started pealing thinly.I just stood there and stared at it, blood draining from my face. A call to a tollbooth? It must, it must be a wrong number, somebody wanted the Information Booth or-! It must have been audible outside, with all I had the slide partly closed. One of the redcaps passing by turned, looked over, then started coming across toward where I was. To get rid of him I picked up the receiver, put it to my ear.'You'd better come out now, time's up,' a flat, deadly voice said. 'They're calling your train, but you're not getting on that one - or any other.''Wh-where are talking from?''The next booth to yours,' the voice jeered. 'You forgot the glass inserts only reach halfway down.'The connection broke and a man's looming figure was shadowing the glass in front of my eyes, before I could even get the receiver back on the hook. I dropped it full-length, tensed my right arm to pound it through his face as soon as I shoved the glass aside. He had a revolver-bore for a top vest-button, trained on me. Two more had shown up behind him, from which direction I hadn't noticed. It was very dark in the booth now, their collective silhouettes shut out all the daylight. The station and all its friendly bustle was blotted out, had receded into the far background, a thousand miles away for all the help it could give me. I slapped the glass wearily aside, came slowly out.One of them flashed a badge - maybe Crow had loaned him his for the occasion. 'You're being arrested for putting slugs in that phone. It won't do any good to raise your voice and shriek for help, try to tell people different. But suit yourself.'I knew that as well as he; heads turned to stare after us by the dozens as they started with me in their midst through the station's main-level. But not one in all that crowd would have dared interfere with what they mistook for a legitimate arrest in the line of duty. The one with the badge kept it conspicuously tilted in his upturned palm, at sight of which the frozen onlookers slowly parted, made way for us through their midst. I was being led to my doom in full view of scores of people. ("Graves For The Living")
Stefano Gabbana|For the most part, that message hasn't changed a lot over the years - love is still love, and heartbreak is still heartbreak.
V.C. Andrews, Pearl in the Mist|We're better off not worrying about ourselves, and to do that, we have to worry about others.
Manuel Puig|When I look at a lot of older stuff that I've written, I think one sign of amateur humor writing is when you see people trying too hard.
Keith A. Mathison, Postmillennialism|As long as a believer is worrying about whether or not they are truly saved, they will never grow up in spiritual maturity. It basically guarantees that a Christian will remain stuck in spiritual infancy. And worse, it paints a picture of God that is not only untrue but also unbiblical. It cheapens the gift of salvation – the gift of grace – and make God look like a finicky human.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|What sort of charge against old age is the nearness of death, when this is shared by youth?Yes, you will say; but a young man expects to live long; an old man cannot expect to do so.Well, the young man is a fool to expect it. For what can be more foolish than to regard the uncertain as certain, the false as true? An old man has nothing even to hope. ' Ah, but it is just there that he is in a better position than the young man, since what the latter only hopes he has obtained:The one wishes to live long; the other has lived long.And yet! what is 'long' in a man's life? For grant the utmost limit: let us expect an age like that of the king of the Tartessi, who reigned eighty years and lived a hundred and twenty.Nothing seems long in which there is any . last' , for when that arrives, then all the past has slipped away -only that remains which you have earned by virtue and righteous actions.Hours indeed, and days and months and years depart, nor does past time ever return, nor can the future be known.Whatever time each is granted for life, with that he is bound to be content.
Seamus Heaney|I was trying to pay the bills with poems, and it was easy to memorize my poems, because I'd be riding my bike in California trying to memorize them before going on stage at a poetry lounge.
Tran Duc Luong|I do not support peace in the Middle East. And I do not support Arafat. He is a stupid, incompetent fool!
Jacob Burckhardt, Judgments on History and Historians|Voter apathy was, and will remain the greatest threat to democracy.
Richie Sambora|The craft Emmys are kind of the kids' table at Thanksgiving. You're not really invited to the big dance. It's still really, really exciting, and the statue still counts.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|The man of action has the present, but the thinker controls the future.
Mia Sheridan, Leo|He looks between the two. "Evie," he starts, as if he's explaining something to a five year old, "You do know that they can say whatever they want to on the package, right? It doesn't mean it's true.""Well, see," I counter, "You're right. But you're also wrong. I think that 95 percent of knowing you're the greatest is all about confidence. You might suspect you're the greatest, you might hope you're the greatest, but if you don't have the balls to proclaim yourself the greatest in bold packaging, and let your critics test you if they dare, then you probably aren't the greatest. Who can resist the guy who really, truly believes in himself?
Benny Bellamacina|Want less, live more
John Lennon|Some of our important choices have a time line. If we delay a decision, the opportunity is gone forever. Sometimes our doubts keep us from making a choice that involves change. Thus an opportunity may be missed.
Roshan Sharma|Your presence is enough to go through life. More and more you observe life, more and more you can let lose yourself with the free flow of life.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|The writer,' said Donald Barthelme, 'is one who, embarking upon a task, does not know what to do.' In this mode of not-knowing, the thick-torsoed, literal, and crew-cut mind is moved to the sidelines in favor of the swinging, perceptive, light-footed, tutu-wearing subconscious.
Franz Kafka|In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
Gordon B. Hinckley|If we could follow the slogan that says,"Turn off the TV and open a good book" we would do something of substance for a future generation.
Suzan Battah, Rekindled Flame|Daniel?” The throaty question had him closing the space between them, pulling her closer into his embrace.“The way you say my name, that was the second mistake. You haven’t closed your heart yet.
Gustave Flaubert, November|. . . I would have let him go one finger at a time, until, without his realizing, he'd be floating without me. And then I thought, perhaps that is what it means to be a [parent] - to teach your child to live without you.
Carlos Wallace|We have to have a warrior mindset and be engaged at all times. If we are going to move mountains, we cannot be pitiful and powerful at the same time.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|If the rest of your brain were conscious, it would probably regard you as the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert
Christopher Earle|No one is a good historian of the patent, visible, striking, and public life of peoples, if he is not, at the same time, in a certain measure, the historian of their deep and hidden life; and no one is a good historian of the interior unless he understands how, at need, to be the historian of the exterior also...True history being a mixture of all things, the true historian mingles in everything.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|i am the lion and you are the lamb and as prophesied, we will lie down together.
Eileen Anglin|Your imperfections should not stop you from moving towards your dreams. If you wait until you are perfect, or "good enough" your dreams will remain just a dream.
Philip Gould, The Unfinished Revolution: How New Labour Changed British Politics Forever|Start with an honest analysis of why you are in opposition, not in government.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|it is hard to argue that housing is not a fundamental human need. Decent, affordable housing should be a basic right for everybody in this country. The reason is simple: without stable shelter, everything else falls apart.
Thomas Jane|God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing.
Allan Rufus|If you are holding hands with others, you can't hold a gun!
Camilo José Cela|You cannot go poking skeletons in the closet without making maggots wriggle." - Springfield Road
Richie Norton|If you live for money, no amount will ever satisfy you.
D.H. Lawrence, Women in Love|Don't you find it a beautiful clean thought, a world empty of people, just uninterrupted grass, and a hare sitting up?
Samuel Beckett, Watt|But he had turned, little by little, a disturbance into words, he had made a pillow of old words, for his head.
Neda Aria, Ideo: The Bitter Recipes of the Truth|For me, all those systematic Bureaucracies of traditional schools jaded me. For me, I still couldn’t understand why we have to have a factory style education for children living in the 21st century. Why hold them in place, asking them to read and repeat and giving them a number of tasks to finish? I still have no idea how exams and objective assessments could measure human behavior or intelligence. Is it some kind of barcoding human aptitude? Is it ethical anyway?
Peter Diamandis|Costume design is so important and really helpful, and I really love that aspect of character development, just figuring it out.
Sarah Thornton, Seven Days in the Art World|The term bohemian has a bad reputation because it's allied to myriad clichés, but Parisians originally adopted the term, associated with nomadic Gypsies, to describe artists and writers who stayed up all night and ignored the pressures of the industrial world.
Thabiso Monkoe, The Azanian|To succeed in your mission, you must aim at your goal with dedication and devotion
Daniel Webster|I apprehend no danger to our country from a foreign foe. Our destruction, should it come at all, will be from another quarter. From the inattention of the people to the concerns of their government, from their carelessness and negligence, I must confess that I do apprehend some danger. I fear that they may place too implicit a confidence in their public servants, and fail properly to scrutinize their conduct; that in this way they may be made the dupes of designing men, and become the instruments of their own undoing. Make them intelligent, and they will be vigilant; give them the means of detecting the wrong, and they will apply the remedy.
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|For my part, I should prefer death to hopeless bondage.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|There is no such thing as a weird human being, It's just that some people require more understanding than others.
Kung Fu Panda|Sharpen your sword daily , and let it serve your true master: YOU. You and the Master are one
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|Embrace the magical gift of serenity in your daily life. Nothing beats patience, humility, honesty and tranquility.
Ari Gold, The Gold Standard: Rules to Rule By|At the age of eight, John Quincy Adams was made the man of his house while his father, John Adams, was off doing important John Adams things for America. This would be a lot of terrifying responsibility at any time in American history, but it just so happens that, when Adams was eight years old, the *Revolutionary freaking War* was happening right outside his house. He watched the Battle of Bunker Hill from his front porch, according to his diary, worried that he might be 'butchered in cold blood, or taken and carried ... as hostages by any foraging or marauding detachment of British soldiers.' I don't have the diary I kept at age eight, but I think the only things I worried about was whether or not they'd have for dogs in the school the next day and if I had the wherewithal and clarity of purpose to collect all of the Pokemon. John Q, on the other hand, guarded his house, mother, and siblings during wartime.This isn't to imply that eight-year-old John Quincy Adams could have beaten eight-year-old you in a fight, but to imply that eight-year-old John Quincy Adams could beat you *as an adult*.
Jacob D. Lochner, The Twenty-Seven Swords - Part One|… my century..is unique in the history of men for two reasons. It is the first century since life began when a decisive part of the most articulate section of mankind has not merely ceased to believe in God, but has deliberately rejected God. And it is the century in which this religious rejection has taken a specifically political form….
Jorge Gw, Awesome Happiness Now|Thoughts not only manifest into reality,they define it.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|For good people to do evil doesn't require only religion, or even any religion, but simply one of it's key elements: belief without evidence-in other words, faith.And that kind of faith is seen not just in religion, but any authoritarian ideology that puts dogma above truth and frowns on dissent.This was precisely the case in the totalitarian regimes of Maoist China and Stalinist Russia, whose excesses are often (and wrongly) blamed on atheism.Faith vs. Fact. p. 220
Joseph J. Ellis, Revolutionary Summer: The Birth of American Independence|With books, you can have as many boyfriends as you want, and no one gets upset, jealous or calls you out for cheating. It’s a win-win.
Pat Seals|When I was a senior in high school, I was playing in this local band in our town, and I really wanted to be a musician for a living, and it didn’t look like that was going to happen with my band. So, I enrolled in college and stuff. My senior year had ended, and I was going through the anxiety of like, ‘I guess I’m an adult now kind of’ and I was really yearning for a direction. And, I remember like sitting in my back one day, and I was praying alone, and I remember God said, just give up. Just let go of this worry and this need for direction and I will give you direction.
Mary Doria Russell, Doc|For he had never heard anything like it--did not know such music existed in the world--and it was hard to believe that a man he knew could play it with his own two hands. There were parts of it like birdsong, and parts like rolling thunder and hard rain, and parts that glittered like fresh snow when the sun comes out and it’s so cold the air takes your breath away. And parts were like a dust devil spinning past, or a cyclone on the horizon, and all of it cried out for words that he had only read in books and had never said aloud.
Peyton C. March|Sometimes, you're the one who strikes it lucky. Sometimes, it's the other poor bastard who's left with the short straw, and you just have to shut up and get on with it.
Neil Pasricha, The Book of Awesome|The [Five Second Rule] has many variations, including The Three Second Rule, The Seven Second Rule, and the extremely handy and versatile The However Long It Takes Me to Pick Up This Food Rule.
Abhijit Naskar|Fairytales are healthy for the children. As they grow up, the magical thinking wears off, but the fairytale-induced creative brain circuits stay forever.
Neal Stephenson, Cryptonomicon|When Scythrop grew up, he was sent, as usual, to a public school, where a little learning was painfully beaten into him, and from thence to the university, where it was carefully taken out of him; and he was sent home like a well-threshed ear of corn, with nothing in his head.
Kim Sunée|But it seems that I can tackle the most esoteric of recipes, the most elusive puff pastry, as long as I do not have to count the empty layers of loneliness building up inside.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Writing, then, was a substitute for myself: if you don't love me, love my writing & love me for my writing. It is also much more: a way of ordering and reordering the chaos of experience.
Courtney Brandt, The Queen of England: Coronation|Once more for Britain,â€� I said to the empty room. I might not be the Queen everyone wanted me to be, but I was intelligent and fully capable of breaking the code.
Aireen C. Pontillo|Sometimes you like to keep things bottled up, but that is not the best policy.
Richard Carlson, Don't Sweat the Small Stuff ... and it's all small stuff: Simple Ways to Keep the Little Things from Taking Over Your Life|Something wonderful begins to happen with the simple realization that life, like an automobile, is driven from the inside out, not the other way around. As you focus more on becoming more peaceful with where you are, rather than focusing on where you would rather be, you begin to find peace right now, in the present. Then, as you move around, try new things, and meet new people, you carry that sense of inner peace with you. It's absolutely true that, "Wherever you go, there you are.
Orson Scott Card, The Swarm|Battle is a frightening thing, a terrible thing, but once you develop a taste for it…nothing else comes close.
Wilhelm von Humboldt, Humanist Without Portfolio: An Anthology of the writings of Wilhelm von Humboldt|The minute you hear a sermon on materialism, you're glad somebody else is there to hear it.
W. Somerset Maugham, Collected Short Stories: Volume 1|The communication with God is very important, because the communication is one of our greatest needs, and God is the most important one we need.
Debasish Mridha|The measure of a person’s strength is not his muscular power or strength, but it is his flexibility and adaptability.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|The closer men came to perfecting for themselves a paradise, the more impatient they became with it, and with themselves as well. They made a garden of pleasure, and became progressively more miserable with it as it grew in richness and power and beauty; for then, perhaps, it was easier to see something was missing in the garden, some tree or shrub that would not grow. When the world was in darkness and wretchedness, it could believe in perfection and yearn for it. But when the world became bright with reason and riches, it began to sense the narrowness of the needle's eye, and that rankled for a world no longer willing to believe or yearn.
Gian Kumar|While performing the great majority of the actions in their life, people are totally unaware. We tend to go through our daily activities mechanically. We talk without real purpose. We do things without even knowing that we do them. We are not really present to what we are doing. Even if we practise being aware, entire portions of our days can elapse before we retrieve our thread of awareness. In short, we are not living our life, we are sleeping it.
Alison Krauss|I enjoy the process of composing music. The first time I hear a song, it has to bring a smile to my lips. You have to tap your feet and be able to sing the song.
Thomas Gillet, The Juvenile Wreath; Consisting of Poems, Chiefly on the Subject of Natural History|There was a warrior once who foughtAgainst man's subtlest, mightiest foe,And more than valiant deeds he wroughtT' effect th' enslaver's overthrow.But ah! how dread was his campaign,Forc'd in the wilderness to stray,Lone, hungry, stung with grief and pain,And thus sustain the arduous fray.Prompt at each call from place to place,'Mid sin's dark shade and sorrow's flow,He sped to save man's erring race,And bear for him the vengeful blow.But when his soldiers saw the strife,When imminent the danger grew,Though 'twas for them he pledg'd his life,Like dastards from the field they flew.Wearied, forsaken, still he strove,And gain'd the glorious victory;Yet such achievements few could move,To hail his triumpn 'beath the sky.Dying he conquer'd; yet at lastNo human honours grac'd his bier;No trumpet wail'd its mournful blast,No muffl'd drum made music drear.But when he dy'd the rocks were rent,The sun his radiant beams withheld,All nature shudder'd at th' event,And horror every bosom swell'd.E'en Death, fell Death! could not detainHim, who for man his life had given,He burst the ineffectual chain,And soar'd his advocate to heaven.
Kimberly Karalius, Love Fortunes and Other Disasters|Life is about making mistakes. If you don’t take chances, blindfolded and frightened as you are, you’re not really living, are you? Heartache makes you stronger. Misery is the stuff of good poetry. You’re denying yourself much more than the bad things in life by listening to Zita’s fortunes.
Tom Clancy|if you don't write it down, then it never happened
Rick Yancey, The Monstrumologist|As the helpless vampire watched the transformation, it started screaming. It was still screaming when his rows of razor sharp teeth sank into its throat.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Any Brand that does not bear good fruit, will fade away and die!
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I have the choice of being constantly active and happy or introspectively passive and sad. Or I can go mad by ricocheting in between...I am still so naïve; I know pretty much what I like and dislike; but please, don’t ask me who I am. A passionate, fragmentary girl, maybe?
Jennifer Salaiz, Poisonous Pleasure|I also know I'm not going to stay away. I'm going to grab onto her and let myself get cut. I'm good at pain. I'm good at bleeding, emotionally and physically.
Kay Cannon|I think a lot of people think that my parents' deaths is why I write such sad songs, but that's not true. Those songs may just be the woman I am.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|The sea's only gifts are harsh blows, and occasionally the chance to feel strong. Now I don't know much about the sea, but I do know that that's the way it is here. And I also know how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong but to feel strong. To measure yourself at least once. To find yourself at least once in the most ancient of human conditions. Facing the blind death stone alone, with nothing to help you but your hands and your own head.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The master of the garden is the one who waters it, trims the branches, plants the seeds, and pulls the weeds. If you merely stroll through the garden, you are but an acolyte.
Jennifer Blake, Tender Betrayal|That's good. And speaking of spelling, tell me -- do you wrap your head in a towel after you shower?
Anthony Liccione|A colorful body with fabrics, tattoos and jewelry is attractive, but a colorful heart with love, truth and faith is beautiful.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|He reached the ground floor and flung the door open, fleeing into the street. He glanced back and saw that she wasn't following, so he slowed to a halt. His pulse raced. The entranceway was dark, the door swinging slowly closed. Movement to his left caught his attention: the camera on the corner of the building that covered the resident's parking. It swivelled to point directly at him, and he stared at it for a moment, suddenly doubtful it was a closed-circuit system after all.He ran for his car, and the camera followed.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|We think our job as humans is to avoid pain, our job as parents is to protect our children from pain, and our job as friends is to fix each other's pain. Maybe that's why we all feel like failures so often - because we all have the wrong job description for love.
James Belushi|If you come from a solid family structure, it doesn't matter what you go through in your life. You're going to be okay.
Amy Schumer, The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo|Divinity is not a fashion. It is the way of life. It is the need of yourbeing, you have to become that.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Kéramos and Other Poems|Not in the clamor of the crowded street,Not in the shouts and plaudits of the throng,But in ourselves, are triumph and defeat.
Stefan Merrill Block, The Story of Forgetting|To remember nothing," they would say. "What more could one possibly ask of eternity?
David Levithan, Every Day|Now she’s lit by the warm orange spreading from the horizon as not-quite-day, becomes not-quite-night
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|Paul was terribly personal. The books I like are the ones that make you feel like you are with a person who is being quite vulnerable, telling you all sorts of stuff that is personal, and that's the thing Paul did that makes me like him.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, The Blue and Brown Books|For remember that in general we don't use language according to strict rules-- it hasn't been taught to us by means of strict rules, either. We, in our discussions on the other hand, constantly compare language with a calculus preceding to exact rules.
Jack Kerouac, Maggie Cassidy|In winter night Massachusetts Street is dismal, the ground's frozen cold, the ruts and pock holes have ice, thin snow slides over the jagged black cracks. The river is frozen to stolidity, waits; hung on a shore with remnant show-off boughs of June-- Ice skaters, Swedes, Irish girls, yellers and singers--they throng on the white ice beneath the crinkly stars that have no altar moon, no voice, but down heavy tragic space make halyards of Heaven on in deep, to where the figures fantastic amassed by scientists cream in a cold mass; the veil of Heaven on tiaras and diadems of a great Eternity Brunette called night.
Ben Counter, Hammer of Daemons|Eagles can fly higher than other birds, but a small sparrow can evade much better and has a better chance to survive, if falls off the height. (Sentence from my ebook, Tora-Bora mountains)
Mike Huckabee|When the trust between the police and the communities they serve breaks down, everyone is at risk.
Jack Spicer|Words are what sticks to the real. We use them to push the real, to drag the real into the poem. They are what we hold on with, nothing else. They are as valuable in themselves as rope with nothing to be tied to.
Amy Purdy|If you got a good imagination, a lot of confidence and you kind of know what you are saying, then you might be able to do it. I know a lot of colorful characters at home that would make great actors.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|I have known many people who have been incredibly successful in life. It was not necessarily because they had immense talent, brilliance, an expensive education, or exemplary skills. It was because they had an extraordinary attitude to take on life with love, passion, conviction, consistency, and hard work. What they all had in common was getting their minds right and becoming positive thinkers—which activated their potential to achieve remarkable things and build strong relationships.
Arrian|It required a strong heart to stand up against such talk, but I urged my people to be quiet and not to begin a war.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|When we were in New York, you cried for two days and passed out. You said a word in your sleep, over and over. Akinli.” Elizabeth stared down at the drawing.“At first I thought it was gibberish. And then I thought it was the name of a town or a building. . . . I didn’t figure out it belonged to a person until you made that.” Elizabeth pointed down to the paper, worn from being folded and unfolded who knew how many times.“When Elizabeth came to me, I had to tell her the truth, and we decided to find him. You gave us the name of the town. We went there looking for someone answering to that name, fitting this image.” Miaka smiled ruefully. “Very small town. It wasn’t hard.”Tears pooled in my eyes. “You’ve really seen him?”They both nodded. I thought about all those trips they had taken, making up ridiculous stories so they could get to him without me knowing.“How is he?” I asked, unable to contain my curiosity. “Is he okay? Has he gone back to school? Is he still with Ben and Julie? Is he happy? Could you tell? Is he happy?”The questions tumbled out without me being able to hold them in. I was desperate to know. I felt a single word would put my soul at ease.Elizabeth swallowed hard. “That’s the thing, Kahlen. We’re afraid he’s dying.
Marie Guillaume, Mr. Wolf V. the Three Pigs: Mr. Wolf Goes to Court|By acknowledging and accepting the ultimate commonality, we can naturally and voluntarily develop the attitude of compassion and benevolence toward other people, other life-forms, and all beings. We will want to live for the good of all because we know that's the way we benefit ourselves, too.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|Pure and soft, the melody is entrancing. Haunting. I’m glued to my seat, waiting, hoping for the next enthralling sound. I’d close my eyes if I weren’t afraid I’d miss a second of his performance.
|I can't stop obstacles from occurring, but neither can they dare to interrupt my peace of mind or stop me from moving forward.
Emma Goldman|Before we can forgive one another, we have to understand one another.
Theodor Boveri|A DNA sequence for the genome of bacteriophage ΦX174 of approximately 5,375 nucleotides has been determined using the rapid and simple 'plus and minus' method. The sequence identifies many of the features responsible for the production of the proteins of the nine known genes of the organism, including initiation and termination sites for the proteins and RNAs. Two pairs of genes are coded by the same region of DNA using different reading frames.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever good and beautiful experience you are having, if you are not writing them down, you are wasting them! Your thoughts on the paper are your real reality because the realities of the experience quickly disappear, they are already gone, they are dead, but the written thoughts of your experiences are still alive and can live thousands of years! Sit down and write them down!
Anamika Mishra, Voicemates: A Novel|If there is a reason, if it makes sense, if it's making you demand something in return... Trust me, its NOT love!
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|Lewis was an apologist from temper, from conviction, and from modesty. From temper, for he loved argument. From conviction, being traditionally orthodox. From modesty, because he laid no claim either to the learning which would have made him a theologian or to the grace which would have made him a spiritual guide.
Lee Atwater|To begin with myself, then, the utterances of men concerning me will differ widely, since in passing judgment almost every one is influenced not so much by truth as by preference, and good and evil report alike know no bounds.
Donald Pillai|Our big opportunity may be right where we are right now. We have the sense to realize that a single idea can change the way we think, the way we feel, and the way we live, that right now is one of those moments when we have the ability to influence the future right now. Believe it!
Cristina García, Dreaming in Cuban|It's not the fact that some people disagree with the protests. That is as much a right as the protests themselves. It is the hateful, profane, condescending way some have expressed their discontent that baffles me. How do you criticize actions you've deemed disrespectful and divisive and an affront to civilized behavior with rhetoric to the same end? That's like the devil judging the Grim Reaper for harvesting souls.
Nick Harkaway|It’s not that any sufficiently advanced technology is magic, it’s that any technology taking place beyond the threshold of our senses is.
Sarah Orne Jewett|The process of falling in love at first sight is as final as it is swift in such a case, but the growth of true friendship may be a lifelong affair.
Book of Mormon|Thou has heard the words of Christ. . . . Dost thou weep, when I have thee, Poor soul, what aileth thee? Dost thou weep, when I have wept so much? Be of good cheer ; thy wounds are saving, and not deadly. It is I that have made them, who mean thee no hurt : though I let out thy blood, I will not let out thy life (628).
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|We want the people around us to show us a satisfactory measure of genuine empathy, but no one has any idea what that looks like. This puts everyone in the precarious position of guaranteed failure. I know that no one knows how to deal with stuff like this. There are no experts here.
Helen Hayes|We rely upon the poets, the philosophers, and the playwrights to articulate what most of us can only feel, in joy or sorrow. They illuminate the thoughts for which we only grope; they give us the strength and balm we cannot find in ourselves. Whenever I feel my courage wavering, I rush to them. They give me the wisdom of acceptance, the will and resiliance to push on.
David Kuo, Tempting Faith: An Inside Story of Political Seduction|It was the bitterest irony; I came to Washington to fight for "the family" and destroyed mine in the process.
Bronwyn Parry, As Darkness Falls|Nora sobered and turned back to the windows, her breath fogging the glass. "We may as well lay some ground rules if we're going to be stuck here for a few days."	"Okay."	"You can keep the bed, I prefer the sofa. I don't cook. I'm not a maid, so pick up after yourself. You can eat whatever you can find in the kitchen, but I'll warn you, I don't keep much. I prefer my privacy, so you'll have to occupy yourself. Any questions?	"Only one."	She turned to face him.	"What are you hiding from?
Anais Torres, Being Brave Again|How dare that arrogant prick come in here and ruin her perfectly good day? And not to mention the miserable judge, who should have called in sick this morning if he thought the world was such an awful place.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Slick pimps, bribing civic kingpins, distill gin in stills, spiking drinks with illicit pills which might bring bliss.
Jean-Pierre de Caussade, The Sacrament of the Present Moment|All simple souls must admire and respect one another, saying: 'Let us proceed each one along our path to the same goal, united in purpose and by means of God's order which, in its great variety, is in us all.
Steve Crocker|The Web and new technology offer more opportunities to reach a world market at a lower price. Today, a person can start a business at home and reach the world market.
Marsha Blackburn|The depressing thing about battery technology is that it gets better, but it gets better slowly. There are a whole bunch of problems in materials science and chemistry that come in trying to make existing batteries better.
Kelly Moran, All of Me|No outbreak of jealousy or malice has ever been welcomed in God’s eyes.” Beatrix continued, “nor shall such an outbreak ever be welcomed in the eyes of your family. If you have sentiments within you that are unpleasant or uncharitable, let them fall stillborn to the ground.
W. Phillip Keller|Everything a person is and everything he knows resides in the tangled thicket of his intertwined neurons. These fateful, tiny bridges number in the quadrillions, but they spring from just two sources: DNA and daily life. The genetic code calls some synapses into being, while experience engenders and modifies others.(148)
Herbie Hancock|I give complete respect to any couple that stays together, however they do it, whether they do it by going on red carpets or going hiking together, you know, or keeping themselves really quiet and trying to stay out of all that press stuff.
Anton Szandor LaVey|The meaning you apply to what has happened to you is your decision. There will be critics that have their version, but God didn’t call them to be your audience, someone else did.
Jessica Shirvington, Disruption|Gus leaned back in his chair, appearing satisfied."Good," he said. "Cause Maggie's all the nightmare I can take."I smiled. "Gus, I never knew you dreamed of me." He gave me a one-fingered salute
Colleen Atwood|To me, photography is an art of observation. It's about finding something interesting in an ordinary place... I've found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them.
Radhanath Swami|If we have to give up either religion or education, we should give up education.
Jesus Apolinaris|Something of greater import, I think, is to say I’m blessed in infinitely many ways. But sometimes I just don’t see it.
Tracy  Sumner, Tides Of Passion|Yes. Kissing. Overrated.""I could change your mind," Zach said, surprising the hell out of them both. Why would he take something as simple as this banter as a challenge? "I don't know that I want to, but I feel right sure I could.""How arrogant. How typically male.""I suppose." He shrugged and reached for the wine bottle. "More?"She nodded, frowning now. "How do you know you could change my mind? It's been a long time since you... well—""Over two years." The pain was there, an ache in his chest he imagined he would feel every time he thought of Hannah.And he thought of her every day. Dreamed of her about as often. But lately, maybe only in the past week, he'd begun to realize that his life had not ended with his wife's.He either had to die or start living again.
Pawan Painjane, Love in Life's Farm|Every time a poet is about to write, every time the open their mouth to say something, they express their inner world and tell of their own feelings, thoughts, beliefs, and opinions, unless they are deliberately pursuing fantasies which contrast with their beliefs, opinions, thoughts, and the point of view.
Megan Chance, The Spiritualist|Do you know what I see in you now? The usual aura. A steady golden yellow, healthy and strong, with spikes of purple here and there. But when I do this. . . .”He rested a hand on my hip, and my whole body tensed up. That hand moved around my hip, slipping under my shirt to rest on the small of my back. My skin burned where he touched me, and the places that were untouched longed for that
Jim Paul, Catapult: Harry and I Build a Siege Weapon|No phonetic sign, except at a rudimentary, strictly speaking pre-linguistic level of vocal imitation, has any substantive relation or contiguity to that which it is conventionally and temporally held to designate.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|People have motives, what they are, is what you need to notice.
James Agate|I have no way of knowing how people really feel, but the vast majority of those I meet couldn't be nicer. Every once in a while someone barks at me. My New Year's resolution is not to bark back.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Children, who play life, discern its true law and relations more clearly than men, who fail to live it worthily, but who think that they are wiser by experience, that is, by failure.
C.M. McKenna, Badger|The only bearable thing about being human is that you can change, the second you feel like. Get it through your head that you changed, and cut yourself some slack before you fucking choke to death from all the apologies in your throat.
Ray Bradbury|I did what most writers do at their beginnings: emulated my elders, imitated my peers, thus turning away from any possibility of discovering truths beneath my skin and behind my eye.
Debbie Blue, Consider the Birds: A Provocative Guide to Birds of the Bible|We have no need to learn to think much of ourselves, to care for ourselves, to consider our own needs, wants, and desires. We already do that far too much. The problem is getting us to think of others, to have a lowliness of mind that springs from humility and love.
Laurie A. Helgoe|When psychologists Catherine Caldwell-Harris and Ayse Ayçiçegi compared U.S. and Turkish samples, they found that having "an orientation inconsistent with societal values" is a risk factor for poor mental health. The findings support what the researchers call the personality-culture clash hypothesis: "Psychological adjustment depends on the degree of match between personality and the values of surrounding society." To the extent that introverts feel the need to explain, apologize, or feel guilty about what works best for them, they feel alienated not only from society but from themselves.
Michelle Branch|Certain elements of teen life that, 10 years ago, were very important to me still, are becoming less so as I get older. I mean, I've kinda gotten over, I guess I'm saying, the fact that I had trouble getting a date for the prom.
Dr. Ron Harris|Those who have chosen to provide for the health and well being of others. Call them homoeopaths, allopaths and whatever one may, they must remember, they have been called and have chosen to serve. Dr. Ron Harris - 1965
Shannon Hale, Book of a Thousand Days|My heart’s so light it floats and carries me so my feet don’t walk. I sing all day and I don’t mind the washing, and that’s how I know I’m in love. Completely smitten with My Lord the cat.
Joe Coleman|Look around. The hantavirus is waiting for you. Ebola and the tropical rainforest is cooking up all kinds of brews to make sure that the population is kept in control. All these things are necessary. Why is there an increase in sexual deviance right now? Because it goes against procreative sex. Mother Nature does not want more children. This is not a time of birth. It is not a time to give birth, it's a time to die. The Bible says all things under heaven and that includes death as well as life. You out there, you comfortable ones, you point the finger. You say the junkie is the problem, you say the sexual deviant, serial killer, racist, and the man who hates his fellow man is the problem. But they ain't the problem. You're the problem. The sexual deviant, the murderer, the serial killer, the taker of human life is the cure, you're the problem.
Shannon L. Alder|It was hard to accept, but when the heart-shed of a faded sparkle was tallied, a dim fullness came over me. Maybe some things are just meant to be cherished the way they are: Unfinished, left unturned, wondering what could be and could have been.
Sunday Adelaja|Dear women, do not marry until you find your true being, your mission
Ashley Tisdale|I don't really believe in rules, but I do like old-fashioned dating where you don't call the guy until he calls you. I don't think it's like he's got to do this and that's the rule.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There are natural phases to all life and wherever you are in life, you are perfectly becoming.
Balakoteswara Panchakshari|If you really wanna be a part of my life, you will get wet with the rain of tweets, be ready for that too. With love yours soulmate.
Ellen DeGeneres, My Point... And I Do Have One|Don't hold onto things, it will only bring you pain.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I confessed to Tobias, soon after that, that I had lost my entire family.And he assured me that he was my family now. -Tris Prior
Criss Jami|To my Black brothers and sisters, choose faith. As difficult as it is, choose faith—the kind of faith that we know without works is dead. The faith that raises awareness, educates the community, advocates, cares for the widows and feeds the orphans. Choose the faith that is compelled to action, but not controlled my anger.
Corey Taylor|The Tour de France would make a great movie. Drugs, corruption, political chicanery, guys risking their lives - everything you need for a great sports drama.
John Branyan|I loved Monty Python for the wordplay--this sense that you didn’t have to squash your intelligence to be funny. In fact, you could walk right into your intelligence and nerdiness and self-doubt, and that could be funny.
Tania James|Being human makes us one. Being uniquely ourselves makes us individual." - Nancy S. Mure, Author of Unidentical Twins
Ayn Rand|Oh, but it's our tears that make us human, Isabel.
Billy Joel|Have you listened to the radio lately? Have you heard the canned, frozen and processed product being dished up to the world as American popular music today?
John Schneider|Trouble is, we call politics a game, but it isn't one. There is no referee, and the teams make up the rules as they go along. You can't cry foul or offside in politics. Almost anything goes.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Gratitude looks to the Past and love to the Present; fear, avarice, lust, and ambition look ahead.
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|I'm scared, all right?" I said. I could feel my stomach churn as my gaze rested on the wooden trunk.Nathan turned my chin, looking at me with an expression of utter sincerity. "You don't have to be. I'm here.
Debasish Mridha|Come, let us learn just to love, just to understand, and just to gain a higher consciousness.
Elisabeth Elliot, Through Gates of Splendor|I have one desire now - to live a life of reckless abandon for the Lord, putting all my energy and strength into it.
Shira Anthony, From the Depths|She took a second look at him, at his fancy tailored suit. Dark gray with pinstripes. Oh please, like she’d really believe he was a dom at all? “Gabrielle Anderson. Are you sure you’re Master Marcus?”“Why would you think I’m not Master Marcus?” he asked. Well, good grief. She waved a hand at him and kept the duh from slipping out. Just in case he really was Master Marcus. Maybe he hadn’t changed yet or something. “The suit? Where are your leathers or latex or…biker jacket or vest? And black? Did you forget to wear black?”He stared for a second, as if she’d turned into a drooling idiot, and then simply roared. Deep, full laughter—amazing coming from someone who looked like he should have a stick up his ass.
Kyle Morton|When someone asks me what a song is about, it’s like, I feel like I might ruin it if you ask me that. I feel like I did my best to explain the song in the song on its own terms as a song.
Brian  Mills, A Lighter Me: Bariatric Surgery|The more we seek through development and advancement, is in fact the more we lack.
Fred Barnett|He sniffed until the long hairs of his mustache had been sucked up into his nose and out of his leafy ears." — Bats 2015
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|In fact, the mark of tragedy became, with time, a mark of glamour.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Life can be impossibly tough. At times it seems like there is no escape from either the pressure or monotony of a world where you are corralled into being something or someone you are not. But there is an escape, to more peaceful and gentler places, and a happier state of mind.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|I may be wrong in regard to any or all of them; but holding it a sound maxim, that it is better to be only sometimes right, than at all times wrong, so soon as I discover my opinions to be erroneous, I shall be ready to renounce them.
Kallista Pendragon|Did you ever think about boys?' I say, staring up into the dark. 'There wasn't room,' she whispers, and her voice is unbelievably sad. 'At first, after Connor, I was just waiting. I was going to get a new boyfriend soon- as soon as I was prettier or better, more perfect. But after a while there was no room for anything else. If I though about kissing or sex, I just started feeling ugly, too awful for anything good.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Like crying wolf, if you keep looking for sympathy as a justification for your actions, you will someday be left standing alone when you really need help.
Stella Coulson, Whitby After Dark - A Vampire Novella & Dark Poetry|Why do you haunt me? You, like a tattoo on my tongue, like the bay leaf at the bottom of every pan. You who sprawled out beside me and sang my horoscope to a Schubert symphony, something about travel and money again, and we lay there, both of our breaths bad, both of our underwear dangling elastic, and then you turned toward me with a gaze like two matches, putting the horoscope aside, you traced my buried ribs with your index finger, lingered at my collarbone, admiring it as one might a flying buttress, murmuring: Nice clavicle. And me, too new at it and scared, not knowing what to say, whispering: You should see my ten-speed.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|There's something about kindred spirits, you meet them and for a moment this world no matter ugly, makes sense. They bring a sense of freedom and clarity to one conversation; just enough to remind you of who you are.
Michael Korda|Of course the rich and famous tend to have more going on in their lives than ordinary people, but they aren't always willing to tell the interesting bits.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Ifemelu thought about the expression "sweet girl." Sweet girl meant that, for a long time, Don had molded Ranyinudo into a malleable shape, or that she had allowed him to think he had.
Drew Barrymore|I still, at hotel rooms, I do this one sort of not-so-cool thing: continually shoving my room service tray in front of someone else's door. Because I don't want the remnants. I don't want to be caught, like, being like the pig that I was at two in the morning.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|If you believe that you are not omnipresent, omniscient, and ultimately omnipotent, then you are deluded.
Nancy Gideon, Remembered By Moonlight|He felt torn. He wanted her to feel safe with him, but he also wanted her to feel the sort of heady excitement that any young girl should feel when they fall in love. He wanted to give her everything she craved, and he was not quite sure he could do it.
Honeysuckle Weeks|But what I'm very interested in, whether it's writing, whether it's hosting a show, whether it's cooking food, I'm just into the discussions of identity, culture and the politics of culture.
Anna Todd, After We Fell|No teas come, only memories. Memories and regrets.
Amit Kalantri|Two kinds of people have many friends, one with bank balance and other with boldness.
James Patterson, Max|One doesn’t have to operate with great malice to do great harm. The absence of empathy and understanding are sufficient. In fact, a man convinced of his virtue even in the midst of his vice is the worst kind of man.
Kenneth Eade, Political Thriller: Unwanted, an American Assassin Story: an assassination, vigilante justice and terrorism thriller|Such was the hidden power of nature, capable of producing extreme beauty and cruelty at the same time.
Ian Fleming, Doctor No|Common man does not speculate about the great problems. With regard to them he relies upon other people's authority, he behaves as "every decent fellow must behave,'' he is like a sheep in the herd. It is precisely this intellectual inertia that characterizes a man as a common man. Yet the common man does choose. He chooses to adopt traditional patterns or patterns adopted by other people because he is convinced that this procedure is best fitted to achieve his own welfare. And he is ready to change his ideology and consequently his mode of action whenever he becomes convinced that this would better serve his own interests.
Amardeep Singh|As to the other three, if they had been perfection they would not have been real girls, and you could not have wept over their trials and laughed over their pleasures.
Ralph Ellison|God is funny. He had a funny day when he made me. A funny, thoughtful, crazy day. He gave me a physique by which I would be so easily and so quickly judged, then gave me a mind by which I would so deeply magnetize, He put within me a heart with small, fast wings that I can hardly, barely handle, and then gave me a voice that hides behind everything in whispers. Oh, and also put a pen in my hand which writes me into madness! How can anyone possibly understand me? But I don't think God cared about that thought, when He made me! How ridiculously unfair!
Stephanie Lahart|Your attitude can either be your best friend who has your best interest at heart or your worst enemy who wants to see you fail, destroy your life, and be miserably unhappy. It’s imperative that you check your attitude. Make sure that your attitude is working for you, not against you. There’s limitless value in having a positive, empowered, and optimistic attitude! Choose wisely which attitude you give life to.
Stephen Richards, Harry's Fight: Harry Marsden - From Catholic Care Home Abuse To Gangster To Good Fellow|A lot of attention has been given over to the Catholic Churches sexual abuse of children in their care, but this attention seems to have been hijacked by the media and has overshadowed the many thousands of victims that endured physical abuse.
Barton Gellman|I descend from both Philadelphia Quakers and Carolina colonists whose families were separated by the Revolutionary War. That helped give me insight into the agony of Patriots who, until the British government denied their claims, had always, like Ben Franklin himself, thought of themselves as free-born Englishmen.
Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth|I sit with my knees pulled in tight and my arms wrapped around my shins. I can no longer feel my feet, as if blood refuses to spread so far from my heart.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Life can be short and it’s meant to be cherished and treasured—every second, every moment. Now, I’ll love harder. I’ll love fiercer. And I will not be afraid.
Dada Bhagwan|If one is destined to go wrong, he will not believe the truth but will believe something else altogether.
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded: Part 2|Keegan shuddered as he remembered the dragon. The sight of the enormous creature had stabbed fear into his heart. The beast had been so large and powerful. Giant, roaring bonfires erupted from its nostrils and mouth. It had fangs that were as large as swords, talons that were sharp as knives, and a tail that could have destroyed a stone wall. It had been a gallant and beautiful creature. So beautiful and powerful that it had also filled Keegan with an awe that made him love the beast and regret its demise.
Ujas Soni|Inspiration is not the thing which can be seek, its right within you.
Elizabeth SaFleur, Untouchable|What I want you to understand is that when I heard your words, it was as if every single second we had spent together up to that point was a lie. Every word, every touch, every kiss. You were looking at me, but you wanted him. I was this…thing to be endured to keep your family safe. You would allow me to touch you, to make love to you all the while wishing for Colin. I thought all that passion we had between us was a complete figment of my imagination and it was a bitter pill to swallow. I hated you. Worse than I’d ever hated anyone in my life. I was determined to make you pay. I’d keep you shackled to me forever as punishment. Keep you away from your true love.” Bree stared at him, unable to fathom such cruelty. Who was this man she loved that was capable of such a thing? “And then?” He took a deep shaky breath and leaned against the edge of the desk, crossing his arms over his chest. “Then I spent all my energy trying to prove to myself by looking at you that you were lying to me, to justify what I was doing by picking up little gestures or flickers in your eyes that would prove to me that you felt nothing for me.” Bree rolled her eyes and gave a tearful snort. “And did you, after how hard I fought for you, did you get what you wanted? Did you prove to yourself what a lying bitch I am?” “No. Of course not. So I started to doubt what I heard.” “After living with Bernardo for all your life it had just occurred to you that he just may have tampered with the fucking thing?” Bree bit out, furiously.
Mary Chase, Harvey|Mankind is immortalin the comic perspective not by virtue of man's subjugation of naturebut by virtue of man's subjection to it. The "fall" in tragedy ends indeath; the fall in comedy ends in bed, where, by natures's arithmetic,one and one make a brand new one.
Erin Kellison, Delirium|Rook cocked his head. "Harlen would want me to give you more time.""I could punch you again, even while being proxied," she offered. "Would that satisfy you?""And into the Scrape we go," he said.
Gudjon Bergmann, Baby Steps to Meditation|Concentration is… a relaxed mental state, where the stream of consciousness flows in a single direction, either focusing on a phrase or mental picture, or alternately, a state in which the mind is alert and aware.
William Wallace|I did the best I could, and in some arenas, my best was not good enough. I've made some bad choices.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Only with grace, can we reach the goal.
kerry H Robinson|We call ourselves poor, that's why we're poor. When we will start calling ourselves rich then we will become rich, even it won't look like that. Self trust is freedom.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|You cannot believe what you do not believe, Rumi siad. I am an Untouchable because my karma dictates it.
Ronnie Radke|life is not about distance , it’s about direction
Richard Le Gallienne|If there's an inkling of abuse, I have to move on. Even jealousy - seems cute it first, but if they're getting in my head, it's not right for me. It's okay to be alone. It's okay to be single. The right thing will come along.
Thomas W. Higginson|When asked if I miss being in government, I usually try to lighten the moment by responding that I awake most days, read the paper, and then observe that, 'It's yet another great day to be the former director of the Central Intelligence Agency.'
KungFuPandaMakers|Your story may not have such a happy beginning, but that doesn't make you who you are. It is the rest of your story, who you choose to be.-Soothsayer
Maeve Alpin, As Timeless As Stone|I tell you all the time, you will never be able to replace me with a brass and steam contraption.
Jack LaLanne|As a veteran of the diet wars, I think it's time to call a truce. Rather than hear experts argue, most people want practical information they can use.
Sheri Dew|Humans punish themselves endlessly for not being what they believethey should be. They become very self-abusive, and they use other people to abuse themselves as well.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Spiritual Girl's Guide to Dating: Your Enlightened Path to Love, Sex, & Soul Mates|Remember, you are powerful and you can always reclaim your space.
Plato|If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Leaders are not the ones with the right position or a proclaimed or given title, the actual leaders are the people who start acting, who step up, who do change, no matter in what way or how small!
Brant Hansen, Blessed Are the Misfits: Great News for Believers who are Introverts, Spiritual Strugglers, or Just Feel Like They're Missing Something|One of the hardest-to-swallow, most countercultural, counter intuitive implications of the gospel is that bearing up under a difficult burden with patient perseverance is a good thing.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|She comforted him in his darkness and gave him hope. She seemed to cherish a sincere affection for him, despite his failings. 'She saved me'.
Marilyn vos Savant|I never thought of myself as like, a funny person.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|We take unholy risks to prove we are what we cannot be. For instance, I am not even crazy.
John A. Ashley|I wake up every morning thinking about all the great things I am going to accomplish that day, and I go to bed every night thinking about all the even greater things I’m going to have to accomplish tomorrow to make up for the nothing I did today.
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|when a man", continued Raoul,"adopts such romantic methods to entice a young girl's affections. ..""The man must be either a villain, or the girl a fool: is that it?
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|A real man can use power, rather than let power use him
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|The past could always be annihilated. Regret, denial, or forgetfulness could do that. But the future was inevitable.
Jonathan Wells, The Politically Incorrect Guide to Darwinism and Intelligent Design|If Darwinists are opposed to mentioning scientific problems with their view, you would think they would be even more opposed to mentioning intelligent design. Yet Darwinists have been discussing ID in public school science classes for years... Biology textbooks have been mentioning intelligent design since the late 1990s—but only to misrepresent and disparage it.
Ogden Nash|I wake up every morning in a house that was built by slaves, and I watch my daughters - two beautiful, intelligent black young women - playing with their dogs on the White House lawn. And because of Hillary Clinton, my daughters, and all our sons and daughters, now take for granted that a woman can be president of the United States.
A.D. Posey|You have to validate yourself first, and then you will receive the much-deserved healing validation from the rest of the world.
Julie Kagawa, The Eternity Cure|I sheathed my blade and glared at him. "And here I almost thought you weren't a complete bastard.""Well, that's your mistake, not mine.
Shannon A. Thompson, Take Me Tomorrow|Tomorrow can take me,” he said. “I don’t need today anyway.
Joseph Conrad|You can't please everyone, and you have to trust your instincts, and you have to do your work and throw yourself in there and trust your instincts, and just trust that you're doing a good job that I can be proud of as well.
Sterling Lord, Lord of Publishing: A Memoir|I’m feeling a low regarding writing. I sometimes think I should finish working on my book of stripper poetry that I started, but other times I feel like it’s not worth it. Sometimes I think I should work on my comic book idea, and then other times I want to work on a website, and still other times I think I should be working on this memoir. That’s a lot of thinking about writing without a whole lot of writing going on.
Angelica Hopes|Corruption free" will truly be in a future impossible tense because many people re-elect unscrupulous politicians!In the end because of blind immunity to reality and impunity of "justified" corruptions in the government, it is always the hard working, suffering, struggling, less privileged citizens who are all the sacrificial lamb in times of disaster and calamities through their well catered embezzlement system.
Marina Keegan|I'm still struggling with the fact that due to my own (selfish) desire to be a writer, my children probably won't have the same opportunities I had growning up. For most students, however, I genuinely think it's about the money. It's a factor, sure. But it just feels like a factor.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|It's in those quiet little towns, at the edge of the world, that you will find the salt of the earth people who make you feel right at home.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Prayer is like water - something you can't imagine has the strength or power to do any good, and yet give it time and it can change the lay of the land.
Beatrice Stella Campbell|I’m a virgin, okay?”There was a moment of silence while I assume he was struggling to understand the connection. Then he spoke. “I’m not prejudiced against anyone.
Stokely Carmichael|I argued that the Bush administration, and the Coalition officials more recently, didn't understand Iraqi society. They thought it was a blank slate, that they could use Iraqis as guinea pigs.
Graham Chapman, Monty Python and the Holy Grail (Book): Mønti Pythøn Ik Den Hølie Gräilen|Plaudite, amici, comedia finita est.(Applaud, my friends, the comedy is 
Dennis Prager|The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow.
Erich Fromm|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
Kris Kidd|There's a weight in the room now, a remembrance of childhood. It sinks like a stone, or a heart, or my weight on a good day.
John Portman|My mother took me to Venice one time and showed me all the houses where famous composers used to live. It gave me a fascination for music and the city, but also for architecture. It was a valuable lesson.
Lee Ann Womack|I define success as being comfortable with yourself and your life. And that is about as good as it gets, really.
J. J. Watt|I'm not good at eating small meals. Some people can sit down and be very disciplined. When I sit down at a meal, I sort of eat everything I can reach. I know medical people say that's exactly the wrong formula, but I've made it this far.
Emory R. Frie, Enchanted Forest|When your freedom depends on the death of an innocent, it haunts you forever,' Red thought empathetically. 'Even if you couldn’t save them anyway.
Kimberlee Roth, Surviving a Borderline Parent: How to Heal Your Childhood Wounds and Build Trust, Boundaries, and Self-Esteem|When you are doing what I've asked you to do, you don't have to worry about getting to the farm. I'll bring you the farmer instead. And when you think you have lost sight of all your sketches, just know that it's okay. I know where the sketches are, what they need to be, and I will never leave you.Let go of the grief and the sorrow. Release the anger and the plans set in stone. Because I hold your sketch in My hand the way Mr. Gentry did in his. I watch and I draw - even when you don't know. I am concerned with all things that concern you.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84 BOOK 2|... And that has remained an important mental landscape for me, a reference point. It teaches me something — or tries to. People need things like that to go on living — mental landscapes that have meaning for then, even if they can't explain them in words. Part of why we live is to come up with explanations for these things. That what I think.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|How I wish the police service is instructed to arrest people who over-complain! Just arrest them, do no harm to them, but make them do the "work" they complain about with hard labour!
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|I do not know anything about Art with a capital A. What I do know about is my art. Because it concerns me. I do not speak for others. So I do not speak for things which profess to speak for others. My art, however, speaks for me. It lights my way.
Kim Addonizio, Ordinary Genius: A Guide for the Poet Within|Maybe you're one of those people who writes poems, but rarely reads them. Let me put this as delicately as I can: If you don't read, your writing is going to suck.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is a state of mind, not the condition we find.
Seymour Papert|When we follow what we love, we begin living according to our most admirable values. When we become still and silent, our intuition can teach us what it knows and act accordingly with assurance. And all that really matters is that we follow.
NITYA MORE|What comes from experience is knowledge,what comes naturally is wisdom.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Non-violent resistance to evil is a quintessential element of the character of a real human being. If someone does wrong to me, I may be physically capable of breaking his jaw with one blow of my fist, but such violent reciprocation does not define the strength of my character as a real human being. If I succeed in resisting my limbic urge to do harm in return, then only can I be hailed as human being of real character.
Ernest Hemingway, The Nick Adams Stories|A man vows, and yet will not east away the means of breaking his vow. Is it that he distinctly means to break it? Not at all; but the desires which tend to break it are at work in him dimly, and make their way into his imagination, and relax his muscles in the very moments when he is telling himself over again the reasons for his vow.
Tony Attwood|Feel so fucking angry; don't want to be reminded of you, But when I left my shit in your kitchen, I said goodbye to your bedroom it smelled of you
Alison Pace, If Andy Warhol Had a Girlfriend|When you're interested in somebody and you think they might be interested in you, you should point out all your beauty problems and defects right away, rather than take a chance they won't notice them.
R.S. Guthrie|Perserverance: Outlasting the most rash, pessimistic, cowardly naysayers; those first in line to deny us the dreams never tried. Ourselves.
Christina Rossetti|I may remember you, Scarlet,” he bellowed, backing up when she grabbed her fork and held it out like a dagger. She’d murdered men with less. Even immortals. “But you haven’t haunted me.” Motions stiff, he raised his shirt. Amid the cuts, above his heart, was a tattoo of eyes. Dark eyes. Like hers. “Don’t you see? You…haven’t…haunted…me.
Albert Camus|But what are a hundred million deaths? When one has served in a war, one hardly knows what a dead man is, after a while. And since a dead man has no substance unless one has actually seen him dead, a hundred million corpses broadcast through history are no more than a puff of smoke in the imagination.
Kelly    Martin, When Everyone Shines But You - Saying Goodbye To I'm Not Good Enough|New York had pushed and bent and bullied, driving me underground to sort out the madness and sculpt my Being with my own hands in self-discovery on its cold pottery wheel and in the white heat of its kiln. The City enabled me to learn who I really was, as a pixelated man and member of Humanity.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|I often wish I'd got on better with your father,' he said.But he never liked anyone who--our friends,' said Clarissa; and could have bitten her tongue for thus reminding Peter that he had wanted to marry her.Of course I did, thought Peter; it almost broke my heart too, he thought; and was overcome with his own grief, which rose like a moon looked at from a terrace, ghastly beautiful with light from the sunken day. I was more unhappy than I've ever been since, he thought. And as if in truth he were sitting there on the terrace he edged a little towards Clarissa; put his hand out; raised it; let it fall. There above them it hung, that moon. She too seemed to be sitting with him on the terrace, in the moonlight.
Amitav Ghosh, The Hungry Tide|If you wait to figure out everything before starting anything, it'll never happen.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|It was good, and nothing good is truly lost. It stays part of a person, becomes part of their character. So part of you goes everywhere with me. And part of me is yours, forever
Lee Pryke|Understanding and unconditionally loving yourself is the key to achieving everything you desire. Understanding is the part that I believe so many slide by, therefore finding self love a challenge. When we understand what our inner thought process is about ourselves, we can address the areas that most desire a tender loving hug.
Primo Levi|There are only two worlds - your world, which is the real world, and other worlds, the fantasy. Worlds like this are worlds of the human imagination: their reality, or lack of reality, is not important. What is important is that they are there. these worlds provide an alternative. Provide an escape. Provide a threat. Provide a dream, and power; provide refuge, and pain. They give your world meaning. They do not exist; and thus they are all that matters. 
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Everyone in this world is Abhimanyu, the difference being that most of us are trapped in a labyrinth of our own creation. It takes a lifetime for people to realise that the way out lies in their own hands. All it requires is a little introspection.
Elle A. Rose, Broken Rules|You will do as you are told the second you are told to do it. Is that clear?''I'm not six mother, I think I can grasp standard sentences.' Whether I chose to pay attention to them however...
Anthony T. Hincks|Sometimes, I just wish.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|I have nothing to make me feel good, except for you. The last thing I want to do is turn you into my new drug of choice.
Rachel Blaufeld, To See You|Hey, Noah?”“Yes?” he says sweetly.“Why do you call me Snowflake?”He steps closer and runs one finger along my cheek, making my skin tingle in its wake. “Because you’re just like a snowflake. Beautiful and unique, and with one touch you’ll be wet.
Doina Moulin|I went on steadily trying to 'find out how to'; but I wrote two or three novels without feeling that I had made much progress. It was not until I wrote "Ethan Frome" that I suddenly felt the artisan's full control of his implements. When "Ethan Frome" first appeared I was severely criticized by the reviewers for what was considered the clumsy structure of the tale. I had pondered long on this structure, had felt its peculiar difficulties, and possible awkwardness, but could think of no alternative which would serve as well in the given case: and though I am far from thinking "Ethan Frome" my best novel, and am bored and even exasperated when I am told that it is, I am still sure that its structure is not its weak point.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|I wished to test your love for me, and it did not bear the test. You used to tell me that you drew the very breath of life but for me and love of me." "And to prove that love, you demanded that I should forfeit mine honor," he said..."that I should accept without murmur of question, as a dumb and submissive slave, every action of my mistress. My hear overflowing with love and passion, I asked for no explanation-I waited for one, not doubting, only hoping.
Maryam Faresh, Daisy|You can't be sad when Daisy is around, she won't let you.
Waseem Latif|Meeting people where they are, talk to people at their wave length. Become a lighthouse! Let people see your shine to become inspired
Andrei Bely, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|He returned to his seat and sat down; the road is so long, so long; he had to get through these spaces where stations clustered about the track amidst the black night like some black coffin set with candles. He thought that minute was flying after minute, mile after mile, everything was moving — even he was moving — but to where?("Adam")
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|Lelia gave a dharma talk about letting go of self-definition: I can't do this because of what happened to me in my childhood; I can't do that because I am very shy; I could never go there because I'm afraid of clowns or mushrooms or polar bears. The group gave a gentle, collective laugh of self-recognition. Teresa found the talk helpful, as she had been having an extended interior dialogue during meditation about how septuagenarians from Torrance were fundamentally unsuited for Buddhism.
Cora Pearl|As I’ve said before, “the Mod generation”, contrary to popular belief, was not born in even 1958, but in the 1920s after a steady gestation from about 1917 or so. Now, Mod certainly came of age, fully sure of itself by 1958, completely misunderstood by 1963, and in a perpetual cycle of reinvention and rediscovery of itself by 1967 and 1975, respectively, but it was born in the 1920s, and I will maintain this. I don’t care who disagrees with me, and there are dozens of reasons that I do so —from the Art Deco aesthetic, to flapper fashions (complete with bobbed hair), to androgyny and subtle effeminacy, to jazz.
Paul Marshall, Blind Spot: When Journalists Don't Get Religion|It never occurred to me to wonder why I, a religion reporter, got the biggest story of the day, though, clearly, whatever else it was, it was a religion story. It wasn't until about twenty years later that a friend who had been managing editor at a Gannett paper said to me: "Rob, don't your realize you were probably the ONLY religion reporter in the whole country who got that story?" I still don't know why I got it. Maybe they figure I was the only one in the newsroom who had any idea what a Sikh was. Or knew how to find them, let alone Hindus, in Orange Country, California
Mercedes Lackey, Aerie|Safety comes in our nearness to God, not in our distance from our enemies.
Oscar Wilde|Farewell, dearest friend, never to see one another any more till at the right hand of Christ.
Elvis Costello|Life is so strangeI don't know whyBut somebody, somebody has to cry.
Ron White|If you become famous and don't have a live show to back it up, they're not going to pay you any money.
Jenny McCarthy|Reconciliation is what takes place, of course, at higher levels. President Karzai has been very clear about the red lines for reconciliation, accept the constitution, lay down their weapons, cut their ties with al Qaeda and essentially become productive or at least participating members of society in that regard.
Derek Ailes, Zombie Command: A Horror Anthology|There is love in me the likes of which you've never seen. There is rage in me the likes of which should never escape. If I am not satisfied int he one, I will indulge the other.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Draco: Flipendo! ... Keep up, old man.Harry: We're the same age, Draco.Draco: I wear it better.
Shel Silverstein, Falling Up|why can't you see i'm a kid', said the kid.Why try to make me like you?Why are you hurt when I don't cuddle?Why do you sigh when I splash through a puddle?Why do you scream when I do what I did?Im a kid.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|No one ought even to desert a woman after throwing her a heap of gold in her distress! He ought to love her forever! You are young, only twenty-one, and kind and upright and fine. You'll ask me how a woman can take money from a man. Oh, God, isn't it natural to share everything with the one we owe all our happiness to? When one has given everything, how can one quibble about a mere portion of it? Money is important only when feeling has ceased. Isn't one bound for life? How can you foresee separation when you think someone loves you? When a man swears eternal love--how can there be any separate concerns in that case?
Jiddhu Krsihnamurti|She would not tell him the truth for some weeks, but she would eventually confess that she had left with him because the fear had gone out of her daily leaps. Her hours were filled with confident, minor feats and toothless dangers. She would not call it such, but Adam would later name it for her: it was boredom that had driven her from her mother’s side and a secure home.
Maggie Brendan, Twice Promised|We have to choose life. Choose risk. Choose love. The only safe place for our hearts is to dive deeply into the magnificent, eternal, ridiculous, overwhelming love that God has for us.
Dada Bhagwan|The Agna, liberating instructions of the 'Gnani' [the enlightened one], purifies the mind. Knowledge of the Self [self realization] will give the mind, solutions in every circumstance.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Crescendo|I couldn't stand here, hanging on, when the very thing I held disappeared more with each passing day.
Anton Chekhov|I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: Oh Lord, make my enemies ridiculous. And God grante
Matshona Dhliwayo|They fired arrows at me, but I did not fire back. I picked them up instead to build my castle.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Jonah-John-if I had been a Sam, I would have been a Jonah still-not because I have been unlucky for others, but because somebody or something has compelled me to be certain places, at certain times, without fail. Conveyances and motives, both conventional and bizarre, have been provided. And, according to plan, at each appointed second, at each appointed place this Jonah was there.
Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam, Maud and Other Poems|Thine are these orbs of light and shade;Thou madest Life in man and brute;Thou madest Death; and lo, thy footIs on the skull which thou hast made.
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|I knew all about reading a lot. About how it could take you to a world what was better than the real one. A world where there were adventures and mysteries and magic. Except, of course, books ended eventually, and then you had to go back to being yourself.
Kelly Williams Brown, Adulting: How to Become a Grown-up in 468 Easy(ish) Steps|Like heartbreak, these unpredictable crises are not something you should live in fear of. Perpetual fear won't protect you. Fear is not a citronella candle; scary life happenings are not mosquitoes. They happen in ways we can't predict, control or understand. The only guaranteed outcome of feeling scared all the time is that you will feel scared all the time.
Justin Bienvenue, Opium Warfare|The ultimate resources are EMOTIONAL STATES:Creativity, decisiveness, passion, honesty, sincerity, lovethese are the ultimate human resources and when you engage these resources you can get any other resource on earth.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|Individual events. Events beyond law. Events so numerous and so uncoordinated that, flaunting their freedom from formula, they yet fabricate firm form.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|It all goes away. Eventually, everything goes away.
R. Chetwynd-Hayes|You want proof evolution is for real, don’t waste your time with fossils; just check out the New York City rat. They started out as immigrants, stowaways in some ship’s cargo hold. Only the survivors got to breed, and they’ve been improving with every new litter. Smarter, faster, stronger. Getting ready to rule. Manhattan wouldn’t be the ﬁrst island they took over.
Priyanka Chopra|My parents always looked like they loved being together. That's what I took from them, and that's how my wife and I are. I still feel like we're dating.
LeBron James|If it's far away, it's news, but if it's close at home, it's sociology.
Charles Bukowski|my mother, poor fish,wanting to be happy, beaten two or three times aweek, telling me to be happy: "Henry, smile!why don't you ever smile?"and then she would smile, to show me how, and it was thesaddest smile I ever saw
Sophie Ellis-Bextor|Famously cancer fighting, laden with vitamins, minerals, soluble fiber, and phytonutrients, broccoli and its relatives are among the healthiest ingredients of the human diet.
Akshay Vasu|There once was a good man who lived in a house alone.He didn't want any visitors so he kept his doors locked.That is until I knocked, knocked and knocked.The man wouldn't see me at first.He tried to resist the inevitable thirst.This is how it happens, I've seen it so many times.First comes curiosity, second comes desire.Third comes an itch that is most dire.For even a good man like him couldn't resist seeing more.So he opened his eyes and unlocked the door.
James Patterson, Sundays at Tiffany's|This time I wouldn't forget him, because I couldn't ever forgive him - for breaking my heart twice.
Maniparna Sengupta Majumder|Some books you read and savor. Some, you carry close to your heart.
Czesław Miłosz|Horror is the law of the world of living creatures, and civilization is concerned with masking that truth. Literature and art refine and beautify, and if they were to depict reality naked, just as everyone suspects it is (although we defend ourselves against that knowledge), no one would be able to stand it.
Erin Bow|Have some more tea, dear," Hester said, reaching for the pot and refilling my cup. "I always find that helps.
Anthony Bourdain|Meals make the society, hold the fabric together in lots of ways that were charming and interesting and intoxicating to me. The perfect meal, or the best meals, occur in a context that frequently has very little to do with the food itself.
John Podhoretz|There is an intimacy and trust that is needed between leaders, between their assistants and advisers. Usually, you have the real substance behind closed doors; and the press conferences, you have niceties, nice photo ops.
Richard Linklater, Before Sunrise & Before Sunset: Two Screenplays|I’m still thanking all the stars, one by one.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|When things went dark and you search for a light to see things clearly, that light is guidance. Don't wait for it, actually you have to search for it.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|The riot screws didn’t give a monkey’s about the state he was in, no sir. They dragged him by his hair in to the first cell that was opened, where he was stripped and beaten.
Sherrod Brown|Toxins love to get you while you're young. Lead, mercury, secondhand smoke and sundry other environmental nasties do a lot more damage when tissue is immature, vulnerable and growing than when it's mature and comparatively fixed.
Judith Mason, The Mind's Eye: An Introduction to Making Images.|This is not a how-to book.It is a how-to-think-about-how-to book.In it I bombard you with images and metaphors with never a photograph or diagram in sight. Your mind's eye will create all the images in this text, and each mind is unique. Getting these, and other images, down on paper will provide you with fun, frustration, joy and despair. Like life,
David Eagleman|I am so confused, nobody wants to be in a sate of confusion, but me when I get confused its like the best moments. My brain works in differences ways. Each way somebody inside of my head wakes up. Confusion is the voices inside of my head; each voice is different from each other. Just because I became confused all of them woke up like death wakes up from darkness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you can add a great beauty to something which is already beautiful, then you must be very beautiful like a white swan adding beauty to a misty lake!
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The deeper we grow in the Spirit of Jesus Christ, the poorer we become - the more we realize that everything in life is a gift. The tenor of our lives becomes one of humble and joyful thanksgiving. Awareness of our poverty and ineptitude causes us to rejoice in the gift of being called out of darkness into wondrous light and translated into the kingdom of God's beloved Son.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|Maybe being here won’t be so bad after all… as long as I can avoid the music, the bloodthirsty diva duo, and the phantom’s shadow lurking around every corner.
Jack Kerouac, Book of Sketches|The trouble with fashions is you want to fuck the women in their fashions but when the time comes they always take them off so they don't get wrinkled.Face it, the really great fucks in a man's life was when there was no time to take yr clothes off, you were too hot and she was too hot - none of yr Bohemian leisure, this was middleclass explosions against snowbanks, against walls of shithouses in attics, on sudden couches in the lobby - Talk about yr hot peace.
Barbara Kingsolver|In a struggle against a revolutionary idea it is only possible to use ideological elements which are a thousand times more radical, or adopt principles which represent a total reaction against them.
George F. Will, One Man's America: The Pleasures and Provocations of Our Singular Nation|Some Christians worried about a faith that was so embracing as to be meaningless, that exalted not the Almighty so much as the American way of life. When civil religion bleached the challenge from faith and left behind a watery patriotism, there was room for concern.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|When you betray someone, First you betray to yourself who speak somewhere inside you that you are good human
Robert Anton Wilson|The only politician ever to have entered parliament with honourable intentions, was Guy Fawkes.
Montague Kobbé, The Night of the Rambler|The following is a fictionalized and utterly false account of the events that most definitely did not happen on June 9-10, 1967. And yet, while all the characters in this story are little green men and women running around inside my head, the events that served as inspiration, the historical facts, as it were, must be considered no less than a sibling of the tale contained in these pages: the story I didn't write, but could have written--the book this could have been, but isn't.
Richard Wright, The Outsider|He lay still, his bloodshot eyes staring blankly before him, and drifted into dreams of his problems, compulsively living out dialogues, summing up emotional scenes with his mother, Dot, and his friends. Repeatedly he chided himself to go to sleep, but it did no good, for he was hungry for these waking visions that depicted his dilemmas, yet he knew that such brooding did not help; in fact he was wasting his waning strength, for into these unreal dramas he was putting the whole of his ardent being. The long hours dragged on.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Find the small goals within your large goals, and work on them.
Steve Jobs|There are two kinds of pride, both good and bad. 'Good pride' represents our dignity and self-respect. 'Bad pride' is the deadly sin of superiority that reeks of conceit and arrogance.
Simon Hoggart|The instruction we find in books is like fire. We fetch it from our neighbours, kindle it at home, communicate it to others, and it becomes the property of all.
Susan C. Young|Like the butterfly, you will also go through stages of change, rebirth, and new beginnings for transformation and renewal. Use these changes to create a clarity of purpose for a personal renaissance. Break out of your comfort zone, shed old layers, and stretch in your potential to become your best self. Be free of outdated limitations, experience rebirth and take flight.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|I didn't think about being king,” he said, his voice hoarse.Eddis stared. “Your capacity to land yourself in a mess because you didn't think first, Eugenides, will never cease to amaze me. What do you mean you didn't think about being king? Is Attolia going to marry you and move into my library?
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|And that's like my world." Annie pointed up to the stars again. "Inaccessible."  "Not," I said to her softly, "to unicorns. Nothing's inaccessible to unicorns. Not even--not even white birds.
Catherine Doyle, Mafiosa|People who make time for the sadness in your life, not just the joy, are worth keeping around.
Neil Gaiman, Stories: All-New Tales|Tell me a legend,” he said out of nowhere, and he realised they were making stories of each other, or themselves.
Haritha Velpureddy|Committing suicide is like stepping off the rollar coaster, once you are on, dont you wait till it ends? no matter what it does to you
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|Without dignity, identity is erased. In its absence, men are defined not by themselves, but by their captors and the circumstances in which they are forced to live.
Leonard Susskind|I wish to be a martyr, and I don't fear death.
C. JoyBell C., The Sun Is Snowing: Poetry & Prose by C. Joybell C|Life has no victims. There are no victims in this life.No one has the right to point fingers at his/her past and blame it for what he/she is today. We do not have the right to point our finger at someone else and blame that person for how we treat others, today.Don’t hide in the corner, pointing fingers at your past. Don’t sit under the table, talking about someone who has hurt you. Instead, stand up and face your past! Face your fears! Face your pain! And stomach it all! You may have to do so kicking and screaming and throwing fits and crying- but by all means- face it!This life makes no room for cowards.
Erik Christian Haugaard, The Little Fishes|We were happy. I know I ought to be able to tell you about it, yet I cannot, for while a nightmare will stay with you like hunger, when you awake from a happy dream, you have no memory of it.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|Until you become who you are supposed to become, you will never live how you are supposed to live. Start acting like who you are supposed to become and not who you are now
Bruno Mars|Easy come, easy go,That's just how you live, oh,Take, take, take it all,But you never give.Should've known you was troubleFrom the first kiss,Had your eyes wide open.Why were they open?Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash,You tossed it in the trash, you did.To give me all your love is all I ever asked, 'causeWhat you don't understand isI'd catch a grenade for yaThrow my hand on a blade for yaI'd jump in front of a train for ya You know I'd do anything for yaOh, oh, I would go through all of this pain,Take a bullet straight through my brain!Yes, I would die for ya, baby,But you won't do the same.
Robert Henri|Because we are saturated with life, because we are human, our strongest motive is life, humanity; and the stronger the motive back of the line the stronger, and therefore more beautiful, the line will be.
Addison C. Arthur|Generally speaking, I try not to generalize.
Bianca Scardoni, Inception|I was the Reaper and he was the Ghost, and his soul was long overdue for collection
Tanmaya Guru|Children and rain, both are intimate friends.
John Flanagan, The Sorcerer in the North|Always when Will did something to protect Tessa, Jem thought it was for his sake, not for Will's. Always Will wished Jem could be entirely right. Each needle prick had it own name. Guilt. Shame. Love.
Sarah Sundin, A Distant Melody|How often in life do people make that awful sacrifice, that murder of possibilities?
Harriet Prescott Spofford, The Amber Gods and Other Stories|You'll forgive the flowery talk, won't you? Our family does so love to be told they are beautiful. Vanity is an old and venerable habit.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|Whether the bear beats the wolf or the wolf beats the bear, the rabbit always loses.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|If all women revealed their age, men would have nothing to hide from each other.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|No," Dimitri interrupted gently. He moved his face toward mine, our foreheads nearly touching. "It won't happen to you. You're too strong. You'll fight it, just like you did thistime.""I only did because you were here." He wrapped his arms around me, and I buried my face in his chest. "I can't do it by myself," I whispered."You can," he said. There was a tremulous note in his voice. "You're strong—you're so, so strong. It's why I love you.
Abhishek Sachdeva|Love is not about only about caring, but it is also about what type of feeling for caring
Richard Paul Evans, Lost December|Fortunate are those who take the first step. Someday people will realize that men and women are capable of speaking the language of the angels - that all of us are possessed of the gifts of the Holy Spirit and that we can perform miracles, cure, prophesy, and understand.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Years from now, I will pass this same park, and I won’t remember any of this.Instead, I will feel something like a spark— a heat like Augustin a suburban town,and a desire to groweven when I know I’ll be cut down.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|...children never forget. For this reason, it was so important what one said, and what one did, and it was a relief when they went to bed. For now she need not think about anybody. She could be herself, by herself. And that was what now she often felt the need of-- to think; well, not even to think. To be silent; to be alone. All the being and the doing, expansive, glittering, vocal, evaporated; and one shrunk, with a sense of solemnity, to being oneself, a wedge-shaped core of darkness, something invisible to others.
Steven Wright|Last night somebody broke into my apartment and replaced everything with exact duplicates... When I pointed it out to my roommate, he said, "Do I know you?
Ratish Edwards|The temptation to betray a secret, always breathing its hot breath in your ear.
M Howson|Chance is commonly viewed as a self-correcting process in which a deviation in one direction induces a deviation in the opposite direction to restore the equilibrium. In fact, deviations are not "corrected" as a chance process unfolds, they are merely diluted.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I will ask questions that are so wide and open they will feel the need to speak for a week. Then from the information that they give to me, I will mould solutions designed specifically for them.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Sometimes in life you find love so powerful that you get tunnel vision. You only see the one you love, the one you desire. No one or no thing gets in the way of what you feel. A love so strong which makes you feel invincible in this world. And, everywhere you go, all the people can see you glow.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|If you promote peace and progress for others, I don’t think you will have sleepless nights.
David Hume, On Suicide|If my life be not my own, it were criminal for me to put it in danger, as well as to dispose of it; nor could one man deserve the appellation of hero, whom glory or friendship transports into the greatest dangers, and another merit the reproach of wretch or misereant who puts a period to his life, from the same or like motives.
Sylvia Boorstein, It's Easier Than You Think: The Buddhist Way to Happiness|In the beauty of countless danseuse in my palace, I saw an endless suffering in the form of distorted and diseased figures as the absolute certainty towards which they were heading even as insects unwittingly consign themselves to the blazing flame.
Lena Dunham|I try to speak of a love that not necessarily romantic. I think there is so much love between people and so much love people want to give but it's harder and harder these days to show that, to celebrate that, you know?
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|Let every man abide in the calling wherein he is called and his work will be as sacred as the work of the ministry. It is not what a man does that determines whether his work is sacred or secular, it is why he does it.
Sydney Smith|...it is indeed a street of so impertinent a nature, so unfortunately connected with the great London and Oxford roads, and the principal inn of the city, that a day never passes in which parties of ladies, however important their business, whether in quest of pastry, millinery, or even (as in the present case) of young men, are not detained on one side or other by carriages, horsemen, or carts. This evil had been felt and lamented, at least three times a day, by Isabella since her residence in Bath...
Samuel Johnson|Knock the "t" off the "can't."
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Goodfellow snickered."Wouldn't be any fun if we didn't run into some sort of catastrophe." Pulling his dagger ,he waved me on."After you,your highness.Puck to Ash
Riley Carney, The Fire Stone|What do you think, Galen?" Lady Fern asked in a sugary voice.Galen chewed slowly and painfully, swallowing tentatively.It's very unique," he said, trying to look intrigued instead of disgusted. "It's excellent."Lady Fern looked satisfied and turned to say something to her husband, while Galen added quietly under his breath, "...not."--The Fire Stone
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Nobody can turn you into a slave unless you allow them. Nobody can make you afraid of anything, unless you allow them. Nobody can tell you to do something wrong, unless you allow them. God never created you to be a slave, man did. God never created division or set up any borders between brothers, man did. God never told you hurt or kill another, man did. So why is man your god, and not the Creator?
Michelangelo Buonarroti, I Sonetti Di Michelangelo: The 78 Sonnets of Michelangelo with Verse Translation|The greatest artist does not have any conceptWhich a single piece of marble does not itself containWithin its excess, though onlyA hand that obeys the intellect can discover it.
Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock|Love is not running away or giving up, it is standing and fighting for every moment.
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|On Saturday evening, August 5, 2017, FAPA announced and presented awards to the 2017 medalists at the FAPA President’s Book Awards Banquet that was held in the Hilton Hotel at Disney World in Orlando, Florida. Captain Hank Backer’s book “Suppressed I Rise” is the true story of Adeline Perry and her daughters’ saga in Nazi Germany. Evading evil forces that almost proved to be overwhelming, it begins when she left South Africa, her native country, and accompanied her German husband to a strange, foreboding and foreign country. Adapted from Adeline Perry’s original notes and manuscripts and her daughters’ reflections, Captain Hank Bracker, originally from Germany, reveals how the young mother survived through bombings and dangerous situations with her two children. “Suppressed I Rise” was recognized with three awards at the FAPA Banquet: a Bronze Medal for “Nonfiction for Young Adults,” a Silver Medal for “Political/Current Events” and the coveted Gold Medal for “Biography.
Ice T|Ah, lives of men! When prosperous they glitter - Like a fair picture; when misfortune comes - A wet sponge at one blow has blurred the painting.
Geoff Mulgan|I'm trying to fight the terrorism that's actually causing the other forms of terrorism. You know, the root cause of terrorism is the stuff that the U.S. government allows to happen, and the foreign policies that we have in place in different countries that inspire people to become terrorists. And it's easy for us because it's just some oil.
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|Man, you weigh a freaking ton," he told me. "What've you been eating, rocks?" "Why, is your head missing some?" I croaked. His mouth almost quirked in a smile, and that's when I knew how upset he'd been
Scott Stabile|We can't act cruelly toward others without also being negatively affected by our actions. We really are all connected, deeper than we know. If we can't be kinder to each other simply because it's the compassionate and loving way to be, the less remember that when we hurt others, we hurt ourselves, too. Every single time. Just one more reason to treat each other well.
Eric Liu, You're More Powerful than You Think: A Citizen's Guide to Making Change Happen|Alexis de Tocqueville warned that as the economy and government of America got bigger, citizens could become smaller: less practiced in the forms of everyday power, more dependent on vast distant social machines, more isolated and atomized--and therefore more susceptible to despotism.He warned that if the "habits of the heart" fed by civic clubs and active self-government evaporated, citizens would regress to pure egoism. They would stop thinking about things greater than their immediate circle. Public life would disappear. And that would only accelerate their own disempowerment.This is painfully close to a description of the United States since Trump and Europe since Brexit. And the only way to reverse this vicious cycle of retreat and atrophy is to reverse it: to find a sense of purpose that is greater than the self, and to exercise power with others and for others in democratic life.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|The central theme of the book is that prayer is best understood as a long, sometimes perilous, epic journey that eventually leads to triumph.
Eoin Colfer, The Last Guardian|It may interest for you to know that most Canadians in 2036 are some of the most efficient, ruthless and dangerous people I know. God help Quebec.
R.G. Manse, Screw Friendship|This was no longer art: it even destroyed the harmony of the portrait itself. They were alive, they were human eyes! It seemed as if they had been cut out of a living man and set there. Here there was not that lofty pleasure which comes over the soul at the sight of an artist's work, however terrible its chosen subject; here there was some morbid, anguished feeling. 'What is it?' the artist asked himself involuntarily. 'It's nature all the same, its living nature––why, then, this strangely unpleasant feeling? Or else the slavish, literal imitation of nature is already a trespass and seems like a loud, discordant cry?
Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|After all is said and done, you are free to choose but you are not free from the consequence of your choice.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|There isn’t a single definition of happiness to suit everyone’s requirements, but you know it when you feel it
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|All the problem of women, starts with men. All the problem of men, ends with women.
Louise Wener, Goodnight Steve McQueen|Danny: I’m a bit jealous, Sheila.Sheila: Are you, my dear? What on earth for?Danny: Well, because you’ve really lived, Sheila.Sheila: Of course I have, Daniel. What else is life for?
Gabrielle Stanley Blair|It didn't matter where you were, if you were in a room full of books you were at least halfway home.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|Find yourself. And if you don’t like what you see, re-create yourself. But first, please, find yourself.
John Steinbeck|This is the story of a man who went far away for a long time, just to play a game. The man is a game-player called “Gurgeh.” The story starts with a battle that is not a battle, and ends with a game that is not a game.
Donna Grant, Firestorm|I’m a planner. I like to know what’s coming, that way I can figure out a way to deal with it.”	He shot her a wink. “I wasna planned, and you handled that situation well.”	It was a fact, but then again, who could ever prepare for a man like Dmitri?
Priyavrat Thareja|I stayed in therapy long enough to know that nothing that happened to me was my fault. I didn't do anything to invite it or deserve it. But that just makes it worse. Maybe I don't blame myself for what happened, but when they tell you that something was completely and utterly random, they're also telling you something else. That nothing you do matters. It doesn't matter if you do everything right, if you dress the right way and act the right way and follow all the rules, because evil will find you anyway. Evil's resourceful that way. ... They tell you it was random to make you feel blameless. But all I hear them telling me is that I have no control, and if I have no control, then I'm powerless. I would have preferred being blamed.
Charles Bass|I am extremely excited to develop and design a brand representative of my life, experiences and style. Working closely with Cherokee will help establish a worldwide presence with best-in-class retailers and category leaders.
George Steiner|Whether one admired or was repulsed by the positions he took on matters foreign and domestic, it is undeniable that Reagan's ability to project anger was highly attractive to his most passionate supporters on the far right - and crucial to his political success.
Ahimsa Murfi|Dear men, I’ll make it clear to you. Those who tell you that ‘true love’ is never giving up someone you are in love with are insecure and competitive. Their description on love is based on their needs. Selfish needs. While women who are confident, their spirits fulfilled by themselves know that a 'good bye’ doesn’t mean they never loved you. They realizes that letting you go is what God needs them to do, because both happiness: yours and your lover require taking different journey for spiritual growth. These kind of women show you what 'real love’ is. And you don’t want to catch them still? Win a battle for them? Even after what you have learnt? For God’s sake, these women have endured much. For battles she fight alone, they deserve LOVE.
T. Harv Eker|If you are willing to do only what’s easy, life will be hard. But if you are willing to do what’s hard, life will be easy.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|There are moments in life. And, yes, still moments in death.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|In this sinful world, there is no such thing as enjoying life; not in a world where everybody is happily having a bubble bath of sin. John 14
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Each human being is unique, each with their own qualities, instincts, forms of pleasure, and desire for adventure. However, society always imposes on us a collective ways of behaving, and people never stop to wonder why they should behave like that. They just accept it, the way typists accepted the fact that the QWERTY keyboard was the best possible one. Have you ever met anyone is your entire life who asked why the hands of a clock should go in one particular direction and not the other?
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I wonder why I don't go to bed and go to sleep. But then it would be tomorrow, so I decide that no matter how tired, no matter how incoherent I am, I can skip on hour more of sleep and live.
Meg Howrey, The Cranes Dance|Hey wedding DJ, there is no way in hell I'm paying you $1,000 when all you're doing is plugging your iPod into the sound system #AHOLE
Autumn Morning Star|It was a weakness, but he could not bear to disappoint women, even if it was ultimately for their own good.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|We can ignore even pleasure. But pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our conscience, but shouts in our pains: it is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.
M.J. Umland, Willow Lake:|There's one thing I want you to do for me.""Anything." He pleaded."When you're all alone, sitting in the silence behind bars, separated from your freedom. Ask yourself. Was it worth it?" She closed her eyes and pulled the trigger.
Wes Locher, Musings on Minutiae|After all, this was the place where I’d had my first meaningful conversation with a female, it was the site of a football’s first encounter with my groin, and above all, it was the location where I was first punched in the face by a bully. Somewhere out there, a tooth of mine lay deep within the soil.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|We judge ourselves by what we feel capable of doing, while others judge us by what we have already done.
Ariana Godoy, Growing Up|Every time a believer mounts from this earth to paradise, it is an answer to Christ's prayer. A good old divine remarks, "Many times Jesus and His people pull against one another in prayer. You bend your knee in prayer and say 'Father, I will that Thy saints be with me where I am'; Christ says, 'Father, I will that they also, whom Thou hast given Me, be with Me where I am.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Whenever they are condemning weaves or breast implants, some people speak so passionately that their false teeth almost fall out.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|All those dotted lines were just the parts of the story where she would get on the ground and get her hands dirty with the mess of it all. The mess and the glory of other people’s hearts and heart songs. She would learn it would take grit, and guts, and courage to make a difference. But the world will always need people who care enough to make a difference, so she needed to not miss her casting call.
Seth Shostak|I recently discovered Artkive, a wonderful app that allows you to archive your child's artwork and create cool gifts like photo albums, mugs, mousepads, etc. It's very easy to use, and since Arabella is such a talented artist, I'm a pro!
Rachelle Ayala, Michal's Window|Peace for Israel,” he said.“Is that possible?” I drew closer.“Yes, if we have peace with God first.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|The sons of Dior and Nimloth were Elured and Elurin; and a daughter also was born to them, and she was named Elwing, which is Star-spray, for she was born on a night of stars, whose light glittered in the spray of the waterfall of Lanthir Lamath beside her father's house.
Auliq Ice|Porn mainly exists to satisfy the physical needs of men. Unfortunately many young men use porn to get educated about sex. But porn is not romance, lovemaking and about an emotional connection with their girlfriend, wife, or lover.
Ferenc Molnár, The Paul Street Boys|Wagging tongues from prejudiced, sophisticated facade of show-off people can never blemish any honest, genuine, golden heart.
Alanea Alder, My Protector|Shower sex sucks," Meryn announced loudly.Elizabeth leaned forward dying to know what prompted that statement. "What happened?""Slippery surfaces and not the good kind, one." Meryn started ticking off reasons on her fingers. "Water not a natural lubricant, two. Height differences, three. And I got a freaking charley horse right when..." Aiden covered her mouth at that point.Ahh. So someone had fun and someone didn't. Poor Meryn.
Kevin Alan Lee, The Split Mind: Schizophrenia from an Insider's Point of View|In my opinion, our health care system has failed when a doctor fails to treat an illness that is treatable.
James Lankford|I like animals. I like people who like animals. I hate people who love animals to the point they lose their sense of reason. I'm talking the 'my computer wallpaper is my dog,' 'I hang a Christmas stocking for my cat' crowd.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|If she were any friendlier, she'd be giving you a lapdance right now.
Terry Lander, Fat Guy Runs A Marathon|Finish: Even if you run a slower than expected time, you succeed in any marathon when you finish.
Neal Gabler|When business leaders talk about the next quarter, they ought to sometimes be talking about the next quarter century.
J. D. Hayworth|The money that we make from the company goes into The Body Shop Foundation, which isn't one of those awful tax shelters like some in America. It just functions to take the money and give it away.
Sudeb Gharami|Our life is like a puzzle, success is spreading all around, who can find answers to puzzle, today they are successful.
Anuj Kr. Thakur|Do not seduce yourself to temporary person, as you may aware that people doesn't have much time to remember that feeling which you were shared.
Annie Jacobsen|In the fight against terrorism, national agencies keep full control over their police forces, security and intelligence agencies and judicial authorities.
Terry Riley|I thought the '60s was the most exciting time and the most vital music, and we were really together as one mind then. Then afterwards, the songs and the bad drugs, that took its toll.
Hanny Michaelis, Verzamelde gedichten|Ik weet nietof er woorden bestaandie de geur van je huidkunnen vangen, het beweeglijkelicht in je ogen, de warmtedie in me opspringt zodraje me aanraakt, het rullegevoel van je haaraan mijn vingertoppen,de bloemblaadjestere huidvan je oogleden tegenmijn lippen.Als daar woorden voor waren,kon ik alles snelvastleggen op papiervoor als je er niet bent(en dat is dikwijls).
Rand Paul|Obama might think of himself as one, but he is not a dictator. We are not a banana republic yet. This is not an authoritarian form of government. This is a constitutional republic, and the president doesn't allow or disallow. The president can't buy or purchase.
Petra Hermans, Voor een betere wereld|Integrity is the ability of being honest and having strong moral principles and values, which reflect in our character.Decide to work in integrity and uprightness of hearts that is the price to be paid for you to realise your vision.
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|Don't be afraid," I said, "We belong together."I was immediatly overcome by the truth of my own words.
Michael  Grant|I’m sorry for hurting you. I know I did. I’m most likely dead now, and I guess if there’s any kind of fairness in the afterlife I’m probably in hell getting roasted. But if that’s where I am, I want you to know, I still love you. Always did. Love, Caine
Sylvia Plath|What I hate is the thought of being under a man's thumb," I had told Doctor Nolan. "A man doesn't have a worry in the world, while I've got a baby hanging over my head like a big stick, to keep me in line.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|You can be out of slavery and have the right to vote, but unless you have access to capital, industry and technology, you can't fulfill your dreams.
Mac Barnett, The Ghostwriter Secret: The Brixton Brothers, Book 2|Dana was what Steve called a "silent partner" in the Brixton Brothers Detective Agency. Being a silent partner meant that Dana didn't carry a business card, that his name didn't appear on the company letterhead, and he wanted nothing to do with the Brixton Brothers Detective Agency.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|Bursar?""Yes, Archchancellor?""You ain't a member of some secret society or somethin', are you?""Me? No, Archchancellor.""Then it'd be a damn good idea to take your underpants off your head.
C.J. Cherryh, The Faded Sun Trilogy|I was aware that I was taking inordinate pleasure in small, technological events and objects, and that this was probably a semiconscious tactic meant to evade confronting certain agonizing life events which were probably not resolvable and were destined to cause unrelenting pain and distress; yet the pleasure was real, and I took it greedily.
Joseph Barber Lightfoot|No matter how difficult and painful it may be, nothing sounds as good to the soul as the truth.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|Even so, I’m somebody.I’m the Discoverer of Nature.I’m the Argonaut of true sensations.I bring a new Universe to the UniverseBecause I bring the Universe to itself.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|May the radiance of what you love, reflect in whatever you do.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|For the merest moment I couldn't breathe. Something inside me quivered, some oud string plucked by his words, and if I breathed it would stop.He did not know the truth of me, yet he had perceived something true about me that no one else had ever noticed. And in spite of that—or perhaps because of it—he believed me good, believed me worth taking seriously, and his belief, for one vertiginous moment, made me want to be better than I was.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|And he leans in, so carefully. Breathingand not breathing and hearts beatingbetween us and he’s so close, he’s so close and I can’t feel my legs anymore. I can’t feel my fingers or the cold or the emptiness of this room because all I feel is him, everywhere,filling everything and he whispers“Please.”He says “Please don’t shoot me for this.”And he kisses me.His lips are softer than anything I've ever known, soft like a first snowfall, like biting into cotton candy, like melting and floating and being weightless in water. It’s sweet, it’sso effortlessly sweet.And then it changes.“Oh God—”He kisses me again, this time stronger,desperate, like he has to have me, like he’s dying to memorize the feel of my lips against his own. The taste of him is making me crazy; he’s all heat and desire and peppermint and I want more. I've just begun reeling him in, pulling him into me when he breaks away.He’s breathing like he’s lost his mind andhe’s looking at me like something has brokeninside of him, like he’s woken up to find thathis nightmares were just that, that they never existed, that it was all just a bad dream that felt far too real but now he’s awake and he’s safe and everything is going to be okay andI’m falling.I’m falling apart and into his heart and I’m a disaster.
Kōbō Abe, The Face of Another|The world itself, like the mask, began to seem difficult to believe in, and I was stricken with an unutterable sense of loneliness.
Barbara Lieberman, To Miss The Stars|The light is amber, the air still; the daylilies have folded in on themselves. Soon, the hooded blue of dusk will fall, followed by the darkness of night and the sky writing of the stars, indecipherable to us mortals, despite our attempts to force narrative upon them.
Kristin Davis|To this day, I still haven't touched one dime of my signing bonus or NFL contract money. I live off my marketing money and haven't blown it on any big-money expensive cars, expensive jewelry, or tattoos and still wear my favorite pair of jeans from high school.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|The expression in her eyes was bitter as nightshade. 'You ask me about regret? Let me tell you a few things about regret, my darling. There is no end to it. You cannot find the beginning of the chain that brought us from there to here. Should you regret the whole chain, and the air between, or each link separately, as if you could uncouple them? Do you regret the beginning which ended so badly, or just the ending itself? I've given more thought to this question than you can begin to imagine.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Runaway King|Is it true?" Devlin asked me. "You're Prince Jaron?""KING Jaron, actually. News must travel slower amongst the illiterate." I glared at Gregor with every inch of disdain I felt. "Shouldn't you be groveling to me or bowing or something?" Gregor smiled. "I think before I have the chance, you will already be dead.""Ah. So much for all your toasts to my long life.
David Spade|We don't have a divine right to success. So I agree with a lot of politicians out there when they say, 'We've got serious issues.' We do: immigration, infrastructure. I think income inequality's one of them.
Daniel Radcliffe|My baby is amazing; even his head smells amazing. His breath, the whole thing, you could eat him! He's a big, beautiful boy. He's great.
Marlene Van Niekerk, Agaat|Everything is important. To the smallest insect, even the mouldering tree, the deepest stone in the drift.
Chris Campanioni, Death of Art|It’s television, after all. No one is dead, even when they die.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Arnold Harberger, Milton Friedman & Co. Inc., your modest proposal of partial equilibrium for the general good is not without its own internal contradictions. Moreover, you cannot take complete credit for this program of equilibriation. Although you and your colleagues and disciples at the Department of Economics of the University of Chicago may have dedicated two decades to the design of the program and the technical training of its executors, it took the approach of another major economic and political crisis of capitalism, analogous to that of the 1930's, to mobilize the political support and the military force to instal a government prepared to put your program of equilibration and your equilibrating experts to work in Chile - and you, Milton Friedman, are still waiting to put your part of the same program, complete with Brazilian style indexing, into practice at home for the glory and benefit of the bourgeoisie in the USA, whom you so faithfully serve as paid executors and executioners.
Donald Allen Kirch, The Misadventures of Ka-Ron the Knight|It’s all right,” I said, spying what was inside his bag. “Went grocery shopping?”“I picked up a few things,” he said amicably, but then a silence stretched out between us. I got my key out, wanting to say so much more but not knowing where to start. “I see you did too.”Oh my God. I covered up the side of my bag, even though I knew he’d already seen the big yellow rooster with Cocks-A-Lot emblazoned on the side. I really had to have a word with Terry about his packaging.
N.H. Kleinbaum, Dead Poets Society|So avoid using the word ‘very’ because it’s lazy. A man is not very tired, he is exhausted. Don’t use very sad, use morose. Language was invented for one reason, boys - to woo women - and, in that endeavor, laziness will not do. It also won’t do in your essays.
Herbert M. Shelton, Fasting for Renewal of Life|Healing is a biological process, not an art. It is as much a function of the living organism as respiration, digestion, circulation, excretion, cell proliferation, or nerve activity. It is a ceaseless process, as constant as the turning of the earth on its axis. Man can neither duplicate nor imitate nor provide a substitute for the process. All schools of healing are frauds.
C. JoyBell C.|We have to allow ourselves to be loved by the people who really love us, the people who really matter. Too much of the time, we are blinded by our own pursuits of people to love us, people that don't even matter, while all that time we waste and the people who do love us have to stand on the sidewalk and watch us beg in the streets! It's time to put an end to this. It's time for us to let ourselves be loved.
Cornelia Funke|If they had a social gospel in the days of the prodigal son, somebody would have given him a bed and a sandwich and he never would have gone home.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Don’t do things to point out your weaknesses, do things to point out your strength.
Eoin Colfer, The Time Paradox|They have gone. And the tunnel is about to close. So, boys, I am looking for someone to blame.
Marc Jacobs|My belief is that we were put into this world of wonders and beauty with a special ability to appreciate them, in some cases to have the fun of taking a hand in developing them, and also in being able to help other people instead of overreaching them and, through it all, to enjoy life - that is, to be happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Once we were young, now we are adult.
Osamu Tezuka, Ode to Kirihito|There are many backstabbing friends who in your hard time will ignore you, without to ask something from them. You just are filled with sadness and they don't confide in you anymore. The downside of your hard time is being considered rude, negative, boorish and insistent.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Statesmen are grocers, ambitious clowns.
Adrienne Wilder, Seven|Chase had looked at the apartment—online—talked to the real estate agent—online—obtained references—online.Now, standing in the hallway, it was obvious he’d gotten fucked—online.
Sonia Rumzi|If we are exhorted to play simple melodies with beauty rather than difficult ones with error, the same should be applied to writing; simple words greater effect.
Erin Hanson|what if I fall? oh, my darling, but if you fly?
Christopher Hitchens, A Matter of Principle: Humanitarian Arguments for War in Iraq|Morality is only for the middle class, sweet. The lower class can't afford it, and the upper classes have entirely too much leisure time to fill
Queen Latifah|I'm cool with myself. If I can't have the body of Angie Bassett, so be it.
Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing|In 5 billion years, the expansion of the universe will have progressed to the point where all other galaxies will have receded beyond detection. Indeed, they will be receding faster than the speed of light, so detection will be impossible. Future civilizations will discover science and all its laws, and never know about other galaxies or the cosmic background radiation. They will inevitably come to the wrong conclusion about the universe......We live in a special time, the only time, where we can observationally verify that we live in a special time.
Francis A. Schaeffer, Whatever Happened to the Human Race?|All authority is quite degrading. It degrades those who exercise it, and degrades those over whom it is exercised. When it is violently, grossly, and cruelly used, it produces a good effect by creating, or at any rate bringing out, the spirit of revolt and individualism that is to kill it. When it is used with a certain amount of kindness, and accompanied by prizes and rewards, it is dreadfully demoralising. People, in that case, are less conscious of the horrible pressure that is being put on them, and so go through their lives in a sort of coarse comfort, like petted animals, without ever realising that they are probably thinking other people's thoughts, living by other people's standards, wearing practically what one may call other people's second-hand clothes, and never being themselves for a single moment.
James     Baldwin, The Devil Finds Work|O.K., so I'm not so smart. I'm working class. But it's the working class that keeps the world running, and it's the working class that gets exploited. What the hell kind of revolution have you got just tossing out big words that working-class people can't understand? What the hell kind of social revolution is that? I mean, I'd like to make the world a better place, too. If somebody's really being exploited, we've got to put a stop to it. That's what I believe, and that's why I ask questions.
Albert Einstein|As our circle of knowledge expands, so does the circumference of darkness surrounding it.
Orhan Pamuk|Many years before, Ka had explained to me that when a good poet is confronted with difficult facts that he knows to be true but also inimical to poetry, he has no choice but to feel to the margins; it was, he said, this very retreat that allowed him to hear the hidden music that is the source of all art.
D.L. Given, The Elder Effect|I thought I lost you again. You couldn’t know what those four years were like. To not know where you were, who you were with, or if you were being treated well? I wasn’t sure for a long time if you were even alive. I don’t ever want to go through that again.” Vance... The Elder Effect
Abdullah II of Jordan|Our children lost our direction because they have been compromised. They have found freedom at the ballot box, and then they have taken on plastic chains around their minds and souls and mortgage their future on credit cards. They have to learn better - they have to learn the value of ideas and health as opposed to wealth.
Rosette Mugidde Wamambe|In order to live a fulfilled life, do not focus on the size of your audience; focus instead on leaving an impact on the circle of influence God has given you.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|What a life we live. Full of questions, adventures, stories, mistakes, good, quests, bad, miracles, lessons, people, blessings, journeys, inventions, music, animals, history, cultures, religions, prophecies, planets, stars, careers, movies, plants, hate, love, and so much more.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|If love was Jesus's greatest commandment, why dont more christians do so? This is the greatest sin, if Jesus in fact gave us one and only commandment and we dont follow! GIVE YOUR LIFE FOR SOMEONE ELSE, LIKE I DID FOR YOU!!! THAT IS CHRISTIANITY, SERVE THE POOR...
Andre Ward|I don't really read non-fiction, but I have grown up on a steady diet of Wodehouse and, of course, science fiction.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The first man, who, after enclosing a piece of ground, took it into his head to say, "This is mine," and found people simple enough to believe him, was the true founder of civil society. How many crimes, how many wars, how many murders, how many misfortunes and horrors, would that man have saved the human species, who pulling up the stakes or filling up the ditches should have cried to his fellows: Be sure not to listen to this imposter; you are lost, if you forget that the fruits of the earth belong equally to us all, and the earth itself to nobody!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not delay your happiness, be glad in the moment.
Seanan McGuire, Rosemary and Rue|The ball of dark fur pressed itself into my chest, and I wished she was my kitten, and knew that she was not.
C.S. Lewis, The Business of Heaven: Daily Readings from C. S. Lewis|...Do not waste time bothering whether you ‘love’ your neighbor; act as if you did. When you are behaving as if you loved someone, you will presently come to love him. If you injure someone you dislike, you will find yourself disliking him more. If you do him a good turn, you will find yourself disliking him less. There is, indeed one exception. If you do him a good turn, not to please God and obey the law of charity, but to show him what a fine, forgiving chap you are, and to put him in your debt, and then sit down to wait for his ‘gratitude’, you will probably be disappointed. (People are not fools: they have a very quick eye for showing off, or patronage.) But whenever we do good to another self, just because it is a self, made (like us) by God and desiring its own happiness as we desire ours, we shall have learned to love it a little more, or at least to dislike it less....Some writers use the word charity to describe not only Christian love between human beings, but also God’s love for man and man’s love for God. About the second of these two, people are often worried. They are told they ought to love God. They cannot find any such feeling in them selves. What are they to do? The answer is the same as before. Act as if you did. Do not sit trying to manufacture feelings. Ask yourself, “If I were sure that I loved God what would I do? When you have found the answer, go and do it.
Lesa Howard, Phantom's Dance|Though solitude, endured too long,Bids youthful joys too soon decay,Makes mirth a stranger to my tongue,And overclouds my noon of day;When kindly thoughts that would have way,Flow back discouraged to my breast;I know there is, though far away,A home where heart and soul may rest.Warm hands are there, that, clasped in mine,The warmer heart will not belie;While mirth, and truth, and friendship shineIn smiling lip and earnest eye.The ice that gathers round my heartMay there be thawed; and sweetly, then,The joys of youth, that now depart,Will come to cheer my soul again.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|Richard began to understand darkness: darkness as something solid and real, so much more than a simple absence of light. He felt it touch his skin, questing, moving, exploring: gliding through his mind. It slipped into his lungs, behind his eyes, into his mouth...
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|Hark,” he said, his tone very dry. “What stone through yonder window breaks?”Kami yelled up at him, “It is the east, and Juliet is a jerk!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Death has two stages, first the separation of the body from the spirit . . . for a purely spiritual existence, and second, reunion with the body and a glorious resurrection at the Second Coming of Christ.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|He would never be any different and now Scarlett realize the truth and accepted it without emotion—that until he died Gerald would always be waiting for Ellen, always listening for her. Her was in some dim borderline country where time was standing still and Ellen was always in the next room. The mainspring of his existence was taken away when she died and with it has gone his bounding assurance, his impudence and his restless vitality. Ellen was the audience before which the blustering drama of Gerald O'Hara had been played Now the curtain had been rung down forever, the footlights dimmed and the audience suddenly vanished, while the stunned old actor remained on his empty stage, waiting for his cues.
Patricia A. McKillip|Those who fear the imagination condemn it: something childish, they say, something monsterish, misbegotten. Not all of us dream awake. But those of us who do have no choice.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|But all them things exist," said Nanny Ogg. "That's no call to go around believing in them. It only encourages 'em.
Julia Quinn, The Sum of All Kisses|Life is the muse which perfectly rhymes,Plays with the words and fills empty lines.For some, life is battle for others, it’s danceFor rich it is a party for the poor it is chance.For lovers, it’s dizziness, it’s a dream, it’s romanceFor Artist it’s drop of the rain on his hands.For a writer, it’s a story for an actor it’s stageFor painter it’s a canvas for thief, it’s the cage.For you it might be the money you blewFor someone the entire life could be you!
Laura Esquivel|Her friends say she is very funny. At a family dinner, she stood to go, and the footman very properly pulled her chair away. At that moment I asked her a question and she sat down again, except there was no chair. Everyone, including the Queen, laughed and laughed.
Daniel Bates, When Parenting Backfires: Twelve Thinking Errors that Undermine Parents Effectiveness|The author says his young son, adopted from South Korea, occasionally burps and says thank you but otherwise is doing all right.
Rivera Sun|Music is the love child birthed from the boundless freedom found in dreams and the rapturous opposition faced in life; for that, we should be so grateful for both the light and the dark.
Emm Cole, Keeping Merminia|Home is the place that expects the most of you, but still welcomes you at your worst. And she has always been my home, my Merminia.
Barbara Delinsky, Sweet Salt Air|The ocean stands for God, the sole substance, and individual beings are like waves - which are modes of the sea. Each wave has its own shape that it holds for a certain time, but the wave is not separate from the sea and cannot be conceived to exist independently of it. Of course, this is only a metaphor; unlike an infinite God, an ocean has boundaries, and moreover the image of the sea represents God only in the attributes of extension. But maybe we can also imagine the mind of God - that is to say, the infinite totality of thinking - as like the sea, and the thoughts of finite beings as like waves that arise and then pass away.
George Burns|The goal of my diet-style is eating for optimal health and longevity. What greater benefit could there be than living healthfully and actively into old age with no dependence on medications and almost no risk of heart disease, diabetes or dementia?
Steven Redhead, Keys to The Laws of Creation|It may seem odd to say that the men who made the myths disliked the irrational and had a love for facts; but it is true, no matter how wildly fantastic some of the stories are...
C.J. Daugherty, Legacy|But everybody still walked in eggshells around the two of them, trying not pick sides, though loyalties were inevitably divided.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|If I could wish for my life to be perfect, it would be tempting; butI would have to decline, for life would no longer teach meanything.
Israelmore Ayivor|Cats may have nine lives, but pigs . . . don't . . . give . . . up.
Enitan O. Bereola II, Gentlewoman: Etiquette for a Lady, from a Gentleman|Don’t let “reality” make you lose faith in God and gain faith in Man. Don’t put your Joy in man because when man leaves, there goes your Joy. The world didn’t give you your joy and the world can’t take it away. Your value isn’t in the hands of people and your worth was determined when you got here. You were born Gorgeous, but the world will try to convince you otherwise. You’re the daughter of the Kings of Kings and your worth extends beyond the clouds. You’re a product of LOVE.
Fred Van Lente, Action Philosophers! Giant-Sized Thing, Vol. 1|I expected, as I approached the corporate world, to enter a brisk, logical, nonsense-free zone, almost like the military - or a disciplined, up-to-date military anyway - in its focus on concrete results. How else would companies survive fierce competition? But what I encountered was a culture riven with assumptions unrelated to those that underlie the fact- and logic-based worlds of, say science and journalism - a culture addicted to untested habits, paralyzed by conformity, and shot through with magical thinking.
Joe Abercrombie|it was like staring at a whitewashed wall, but without all the emotion
Karl Marx, Critique of Hegel's Philosophy of Right|The foundation of irreligious criticism is: Man makes religion, religion does not make man. Religion is, indeed, the self-consciousness and self-esteem of man who has either not yet won through to himself, or has already lost himself again. But man is no abstract being squatting outside the world. Man is the world of man – state, society. This state and this society produce religion, which is an inverted consciousness of the world, because they are an inverted world...Religious suffering is, at one and the same time, the expression of real suffering and a protest against real suffering. Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.The abolition of religion as the illusory happiness of the people is the demand for their real happiness. To call on them to give up their illusions about their condition is to call on them to give up a condition that requires illusions. The criticism of religion is, therefore, in embryo, the criticism of that vale of tears of which religion is the halo.Criticism has plucked the imaginary flowers on the chain not in order that man shall continue to bear that chain without fantasy or consolation, but so that he shall throw off the chain and pluck the living flower. The criticism of religion disillusions man, so that he will think, act, and fashion his reality like a man who has discarded his illusions and regained his senses, so that he will move around himself as his own true Sun. Religion is only the illusory Sun which revolves around man as long as he does not revolve around himself.
Eknath Easwaran, The End of Sorrow|Good books are rare, and to have a really good library, a few shelves are all we need. When I was still on my campus in India, I was convinced, like many professors, that if the Lord was to be found anywhere, it was in the lower stacks of the library. But now - just as when I go into a big department store, I can say, "How many things I don't need! How many expensive suits I don't want!" - when I enter a big library I say, "What tomes I don't have to read again! What folios I will never open!" This feeling of freedom will come to all of us when we realise, in the depths of our meditation, that all wisdom lies within.
Israelmore Ayivor|In science, work (W) is done when force (F) move a body through a distance (D). It is the same with our every day affairs. When you don't progress, no work is done irrespective of the force (power) you have
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|Isn’t it time that, loving, we freed ourselves from the beloved, and, trembling, endured:as the arrow endures the bow, so as to be, in its flight, something more than itself?
Sylvester Stallone|My life started on the banks of the Boyne in County Meath. Navan is the name of the town; only me, Mom, Dad.
T.A. Hardenbrook, Running Home|She'd always thought that a broken heart sounded rather romantic. But in truth it was physical. Her whole chest ached, as if she'd been struck with a knife. With all her witless calculations about how to make a man desire her, she'd never realized that the most important thing was to make him like her. Or even love her. What a fool she was.
Jeff Davidson, The Complete Idiot's Guide to Getting Things Done|Wherever we look, the work of the chemist has raised the level of our civilization and has increased the productive capacity of our nation.
Viktor E. Frankl|For all to be accomplished, for me to feel less lonely, all that remained to hope was that on the day of my execution there should be a huge crowd of spectators and that they should greet me with howls of execration.
Bunker Roy|In literature classes, you don't learn about genes; in physics classes you don't learn about human evolution. So you get a fragmented view of the world. That makes it hard to find meaning in education.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Failure becomes success when it finds positive minds; Tragedy becomes melody when it lands in positive hands. With positivity, possibility is assured!
Rachael Wade, Declaration|Watch it, loincloth, I’m not afraid to spork your eyes out.
Elizabeth Edwards|With fiction, I tend to get to my desk and start writing. Poetry I write in my head, often while walking, so that my poems have an organic quality, hopefully.
Gerrit Smith|From the viewpoint of what you can do, therefore, languages do differ - but the differences are limited. For example, Python and Ruby provide almost the same power to the programmer.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Cursed|I say haven’t we had enough of just tossing our children in jail? Make them do community service, I say!
Yair Lapid|I've been taught by some of the best strength and conditioning coaches in the country, and I've learnt that technique for weight training and cycling is very much more strength and less conditioning.
surya pratap|People think - Rebel, Adamant, Egoistic, Impractical, ProudMy answer - Unconventional, Fighter, Uncompromising, Dreamer, God's Masterpiece Perception Matters
Shakieb Orgunwall|My son, you are just an infant now, but on that day when the world disrobes of its alluring cloak, it is then that I pray this letter is in your hands.Listen closely, my dear child, for I am more than that old man in the dusty portrait beside your bed. I was once a little boy in my mother’s arms and a babbling toddler on my father's lap.I played till the sun would set and climbed trees with ease and skill. Then I grew into a fine young man with shoulders broad and strong. My bones were firm and my limbs were straight; my hair was blacker than a raven's beak. I had a spring in my step and a lion's roar. I travelled the world, found love and married. Then off to war I bled in battle and danced with death.But today, vigor and grace have forsaken me and left me crippled.Listen closely, then, as I have lived not only all the years you have existed, but another forty more of my own.My son, We take this world for a permanent place; we assume our gains and triumphs will always be; that all that is dear to us will last forever.But my child, time is a patient hunter and a treacherous thief: it robs us of our loved ones and snatches up our glory. It crumbles mountains and turns stone to sand. So who are we to impede its path?No, everything and everyone we love will vanish, one day.So take time to appreciate the wee hours and seconds you have in this world. Your life is nothing but a sum of days so why take any day for granted? Don't despise evil people, they are here for a reason, too, for just as the gift salt offers to food, so do the worst of men allow us to savor the sweet, hidden flavor of true friendship.Dear boy, treat your elders with respect and shower them with gratitude; they are the keepers of hidden treasures and bridges to our past. Give meaning to your every goodbye and hold on to that parting embrace just a moment longer--you never know if it will be your last.Beware the temptation of riches and fame for both will abandon you faster than our own shadow deserts us at the approach of the setting sun. Cultivate seeds of knowledge in your soul and reap the harvest of good character.Above all, know why you have been placed on this floating blue sphere, swimming through space, for there is nothing more worthy of regret than a life lived void of this knowing.My son, dark days are upon you. This world will not leave you with tears unshed. It will squeeze you in its talons and lift you high, then drop you to plummet and shatter to bits . But when you lay there in pieces scattered and broken, gather yourself together and be whole once more. That is the secret of those who know.So let not my graying hairs and wrinkled skin deceive you that I do not understand this modern world. My life was filled with a thousand sacrifices that only I will ever know and a hundred gulps of poison I drank to be the father I wanted you to have.But, alas, such is the nature of this life that we will never truly know the struggles of our parents--not until that time arrives when a little hand--resembling our own--gently clutches our finger from its crib.My dear child, I fear that day when you will call hopelessly upon my lifeless corpse and no response shall come from me. I will be of no use to you then but I hope these words I leave behind will echo in your ears that day when I am no more. This life is but a blink in the eye of time, so cherish each moment dearly, my son.
Murray N. Rothbard|If evil lingers around you, it will rub off on you, it will cause stress, anxiety and a lot of mental anguish! ‘Eyes’ - you can see evil in the eye of the beholder! Body! Talk! Stance! Walk! Posture! Evil oozes out!
Sylvia L'Namira|When you stop looking over your shoulder, you shall see that the future is way nicer than the past.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|Nothing is a masterpiece - a real masterpiece - till it's about two hundred years old. A picture is like a tree or a church, you've got to let it grow into a masterpiece. Same with a poem or a new religion. They begin as a lot of funny words. Nobody knows whether they're all nonsense or a gift from heaven. And the only people who think anything of 'em are a lot of cranks or crackpots, or poor devils who don't know enough to know anything. Look at Christianity. Just a lot of floating seeds to start with, all sorts of seeds. It was a long time before one of them grew into a tree big enough to kill the rest and keep the rain off. And it's only when the tree has been cut into planks and built into a house and the house has got pretty old and about fifty generations of ordinary lumpheads who don't know a work of art from a public convenience, have been knocking nails in the kitchen beams to hang hams on, and screwing hooks in the walls for whips and guns and photographs and calendars and measuring the children on the window frames and chopping out a new cupboard under the stairs to keep the cheese and murdering their wives in the back room and burying them under the cellar flags, that it begins even to feel like a religion. And when the whole place is full of dry rot and ghosts and old bones and the shelves are breaking down with old wormy books that no one could read if they tried, and the attic floors are bulging through the servants' ceilings with old trunks and top-boots and gasoliers and dressmaker's dummies and ball frocks and dolls-houses and pony saddles and blunderbusses and parrot cages and uniforms and love letters and jugs without handles and bridal pots decorated with forget-me-nots and a piece out at the bottom, that it grows into a real old faith, a masterpiece which people can really get something out of, each for himself. And then, of course, everybody keeps on saying that it ought to be pulled down at once, because it's an insanitary nuisance.
Debasish Mridha|We need to win by the power of love, not by the destruction of war.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|It is very difficult to evolve by altering the deep fabric of life; any change there is likely to be lethal. But fundamental change can be accomplished by the addition of new systems on top of old ones…Thus evolution by addition and the functional preservation of the preexisting structure must occur for one of two reasons-either the old function is required as well as the new one, or there is no way of bypassing the old system that is consistent with survival.
Marina Warner, Once Upon a Time: A Short History of Fairy Tale|So when she looked in the mirror one day, and saw the beginning of thorny protrusions on her legs, a slight greenish tinge to her skin, she sighed.It was inevitable. - The Monster In Her Bedroom, Havok Magazine, Issue 1.1
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|Repose is necessary to great efforts, and he who is never idle, labours in vain!
Francis of Assisi|The more one pleases everybody, the less one pleases profoundly.
Stanisław Lem, His Master's Voice|All brightness was gone, leaving nothing. We stepped out of the tent onto nothing. Sledge and tent were there, Estraven stood beside me, but neither he nor I cast any shadow. There was dull light all around, everywhere. When we walked on the crisp snow no shadow showed the footprint. We left no track. Sledge, tent, himself, myself: nothing else at all. No sun, no sky, no horizon, no world.
Glenn Pemberton, Hurting with God|I am convinced it is, then our churches are filled with believers who are hurting, to one degree or another, whether visible or unseen. Some come every Sunday clinging to a thread of hope that somehow the church will be the body of Christ that supports them, offers a word of hope, and helps them find a way to walk through the storm with God instead of without God.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|When you have too much faith in something, it's bound to hurt you. Too much faith in anything will suck you dry. In this way, all the world is a vampire.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|That’s our clue. I know where he is now.” Alessandro said, pulling her away from the dead fish. “A dead fish means…what? The docks?” Bree asked. Alessandro gave her a small smile. “You’re as smart as you are exquisite, my darling.” “I’m sorry. A crazy man has my son. Could we get a move on now?” Bree pushed him towards the door. “Forgive me, darling. Old habits.” Bree rolled her eyes, but she was grateful for the brief, light moment. It allowed her to regroup and focus, to lift her head from the haze of panic that gripped her thus far.
RVM|If your Life is full of Sorrow, then beg, steal, or borrow ENTHUSIASM from a great soul to make your Life whole. -RVM
Moby|When, President Obama, do you mean to cease abusing our patience? How long is that madness of yours still to mock us? When is there to be an end to that unbridled audacity of yours swaggering about as it does now?
Kelly Steed|You have a job?”“Do you think I just fucking run this ship so I can call myself captain and get laid?”“Well, no. I thought you were a criminal.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the sun touched the earth, it spread out along the horizon like a giant yolk oozing free of its skin.
Frances Densmore, Papago Music|I’m afraid of committing myself,” she thought to herself. She wanted to follow all possible paths and so ended up following none.
John     Nichols, The Nirvana Blues|Everyone leaves a legacy, whether they want to or not. The question is, “What kind of legacy will you leave?
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Most people desperately desire to believe that they are a part of a great mystery, that Creation is a work of grace and glory, not merely the result of random forces colliding. Yet each time that they are given but one reason to doubt, a worm in the apple of the heart makes them turn away from a thousand proofs of the miraculous, whereupon they have a drunkard's thirst for cynicism, and they feed upon despair as a starving man upon a loaf of bread.
ejump - 2017|From golden showers of the ancient skies,On the first day, and the eternal snow of stars,You once unfastened giant calyxesFor the young earth still innocent of scars:Young gladioli with the necks of swans,Laurels divine, of exiled souls the dream,Vermilion as the modesty of dawnsTrod by the footsteps of the seraphim;The hyacinth, the myrtle gleaming bright,And, like the flesh of woman, the cruel rose,Hérodiade blooming in the garden light,She that from wild and radiant blood arose!And made the sobbing whiteness of the lilyThat skims a sea of sighs, and as it wendsThrough the blue incense of horizons, palelyToward the weeping moon in dreams ascends!Hosanna on the lute and in the censers,Lady, and of our purgatorial groves!Through heavenly evenings let the echoes answer,Sparkling haloes, glances of rapturous love!Mother, who in your strong and righteous bosom,Formed calyxes balancing the future flask,Capacious flowers with the deadly balsamFor the weary poet withering on the husk.
William Stolzenburg, Where the Wild Things Were: Life, Death, and Ecological Wreckage in a Land of Vanishing Predators|Simple things bring infinite pleasure. Yet, it takes us a while to realize that. But once simple is in, complex it out - forever.
Brian K. Friesen|My object is merely to give the reader a general introduction into an abode where, if so disposed, he may linger and loiter with me day by day until we gradually become familiar with all its localities.
Norris J. Lacy, The Post-Vulgate Cycle: The Merlin Continuation|... the more I seek, the less I find.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|The future is an infinite succession of presents, and to live now as we think human beings should live, in defiance of all that is bad around us, is itself a marvelous victory.
Patty Chang Anker, Some Nerve: Lessons Learned While Becoming Brave|In every moment, you are blessed with the empowerment of choice. Choose wisely, it is an investment into your quality of life.
Mindy McGinnis, Not a Drop to Drink|Men got two guns, you know. One for now," he tapped the barrel of his gun against her nose. "And one for later." When his free hand went to his zipper, she twisted underneath him, bringing her knee into his groin and pulling her knife from her boot."Mother taught me to carry a knife for always."She left him holding his intestines in disbelief as she disappeared down the hill, his gun tucked securely in her waistband.
LordBloodySoul|If one could always predict the future, this person would soon be the saddest being on earth, for it cannot be surprised nor could it stop thinking of making a difference.
E.M.Bounds|Pray for "all men." We usually pray more for things than we do for men. Our prayers should be thrown across their pathway as they rush in their downward course to a lost eternity.
Marina Tavares Dias|Titanic started a voyage through history when it sailed away. One century later, there is still no port at sight.
Megan Derr, Of Last Resort|If you are to believe that there are an infinite amount of universes with an infinite amount of possible variations on the laws of nature, then you are forced to admit that it is quite certain that in one of these parallel worlds dragons exist.
Julie Kagawa|You think I don’t know pain?” Puck shook his head at me. “Or loss? I’ve been around a lot longer than you, prince! I know what love is, and I’ve lostmy fair share, too. Just because we have a different way of handling it, doesn’t mean I don’t have scars of my own.”“Name one,” I scoffed. “Give me one instance where you haven’t—”“Meghan Chase!” Puck roared, startling me into silence. I blinked, and he sneered at me. “Yeah, your highness. I know what loss is. I’ve loved thatgirl since before she knew me. But I waited. I waited because I didn’t want to lie about who I was. I wanted her to know the truth before anything else.So I waited, and I did my job. For years, I protected her, biding my time, until the day she went into the Nevernever after her brother. And then youcame along. And I saw how she looked at you. And for the first time, I wanted to kill you as much as you wanted to kill me.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|There's a lot of magic between you too, ain't no denying that. And magic makes forgettin' hard.
Philip James Bailey, Festus: A Poem|We should count time by heart-throbs. He most lives,Who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.
Robert Strayer, Ways of the World: A Brief Global History with Sources, Combined Volume, Second Edition|A rich and mature life involves opening up to a wider world. If we base our understanding of life only on what we personally experience, we are impoverished indeed.
Dick Francis, Whip Hand|But one discarded dreams and got dressed, and made what one could of the day.
Barbara Park|'Tis easy enough to be pleasant, When life flows along like a song; But the man worth while is the one who will smile when everything goes dead wrong.
Missionaries Who Love The Arab World, Live Dead: The Journey|Everything in Scripture is either preparation for the Gospel, presentation of the Gospel, or participation in the Gospel.
Aristotle|For in this way Swann was kept in the state of painful agitation which had once before been effective in making his interest blossom into love, on the night when he had failed to find Odette at the Verdurins' and had haunted for her all evening. And he did not have (as I had, afterward, at Combray in my childhood) happy days in which to forget the sufferings that would return with the night. For his days, Swann must pass them without Odette; and as he told himself, now and then, to allow so pretty a woman to go out by herself in Paris was just as rash as to leave a case filled with jewels in the middle of the street. In this mood he would scowl furiously at the passers-by, as though they were so many pick-pockets. But their faces - a collective and formless mass - escaped the grasp of his imagination, and so failed to feed the flame of his jealousy.
Kelly McGonigal, The Willpower Instinct: How Self-Control Works, Why It Matters, and What You Can Do to Get More of It|Before we come to Christ, we must come to ourselves.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Have you ever played Maximum Happy Imagination?""Sounds like a Japanese game show."Kat straightens her shoulders. "Okay, we're going to play. To start, imagine the future. The good future. No nuclear bombs. Pretend you're a science fiction writer."Okay: "World government... no cancer... hover-boards.""Go further. What's the good future after that?""Spaceships. Party on Mars.""Further.""Star Trek. Transporters. You can go anywhere.""Further.""I pause a moment, then realize: "I can't."Kat shakes her head. "It's really hard. And that's, what, a thousand years? What comes after that? What could possibly come after that? Imagination runs out. But it makes sense, right? We probably just imagine things based on what we already know, and we run out of analogies in the thirty-first century.
Brian K. Vaughan|What cruel creatures men are. Our bodies tell us to love so many, but there's room in our hearts for so few.
Brad Thor, Full Black|...all members of Congress should be required wear NASCAR uniforms. You know, the kind with the patches? That way we'd know who is sponsoring each of them. I think he was kidding; they'd never be able to do it but it's a great idea and would wake people up in this country.
Usman Aman|Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do. Just be bold, be brave enough to be your true self. In short, be yourself, but always your better self.
M. Raymond|Truth in, untruth out. Seek thus, within-without
Judith McNaught, Perfect|The blues are intent and watchful. “You’re trying to get me to change my mind, aren't you?”“Lilah, I constantly hope that you are going to change your mind, but I know you well enough to know that you won’t.” I just nod at him.
Courtney Beck, Conversations with Krishna|Time has wings and it can fly . A second spent wastefully can never be regained, a minute spent wisely is memorable and an hour spent well becomes an history.
Lisa Jewell, Before I Met You|If more people understood how nice it is to have a sense of home that extends past our locked doors, past our neighbors' padlocks, to the local food co-op and library, the sidewalks busted up by old trees - if we all held home with longer arms - we'd live in a very different place...We wouldn't feel so alone, no matter the size of our houses or our bank accounts, no matter whether we had good health or congestive heart failure. We would begin to see that each moment presents an opportunity to relax, to notice that the wind has shifted and a storm is coming, or that our friend's toddler has decided to wear dinner instead of eating it. We would see that each minute counts for something timeless and, if we want, we all can find our way inside these big, tiny, moments.
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|For every man, however laudably he lives, yet yields in some points to the lust of the flesh.
Jack Campbell|That’s the difference between good military commanders and good politicians, John Geary. You’ve shown me that a good military commander spends the lives of their people reluctantly and with regret, but does spend them when necessary. The good politician does the same thing with principles. There aren’t any fine burials for sacrificed principles, though.
Virginia Postrel|The glamour of air travel - its aspirational meaning in the public imagination - disappeared before its luxury did, dissipating as flying gradually became commonplace.
Oprah Winfrey|I write because, as wonderful as life is - and it is truly wonderful - it isn't enough. It does not, for example, contain dragons. I find this unsatisfactory. So I read. And I write.
T.S. Eliot|Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers.
Amit Kalantri|Consistency is good, but progress is better.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Knowledge & understanding mixed with ones convictions of 'experience' is hardly impositional". ~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|We treat the things that soak up energy and resources like they're valuable, and the things that generate them like they're disposable. We don't celebrate batteries. And I think that's wrong.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|Don’t rush to rise to fame, lest you will be lashed in shame
Debasish Mridha|I am so busy loving life, I have no time to hate.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|You are the only real authority in your life, but you yield that status to so many externals by believing in them, by having been punished or forced into accepting them.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|You can only manage your thoughts, not your emotions. What are the emotions you're experiencing right now? What are the associated thoughts? Can you alter your thoughts? Practice! It's possible...
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|For it can never be that war shall preserve life, and peace destroy it.
Canelo Alvarez|My best friend was really cool, and she went to a youth theatre in Paisley, so I thought maybe that's the way to do it. I went along, and I immediately found something I was passionate about and really enjoyed.
Of Monsters and Men|After every sunny day, comes a stormy night
Robert Ludlum, The Matlock Paper|And then the earth, the world, the planet, the galaxy, and the entire solar system went crazy.
Robert A. Heinlein, Friday|I don't see why human people make such a heavy trip out of sex. It isn't anything complex, it is simply the best thing in life, even better than food.
Constance Friday|Before you're given what you want, you'll first be tested with what you don't really want.
Jane Seville, Zero at the Bone|What I really needed wasn't a dose of school spirit; it was a glass of water, an aspirin the size of my fist, and the answers to the history exam that I hadn't studied for the night before. "As long as I'm dreaming," I muttered, my words lost to the cacophony of the gym, "I'd also like a pony, a convertible, and a couple of fri
Debasish Mridha|When someone hurts you, don't hurt him back but hit him with your unconditional love.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The beauty of being shattered is how the shards become our character and our marks of distinction. This is how we are refined by our pain. When the storm rips you to pieces, you get to decide how to put yourself back together again. The storm gives us the gift of our defining choices. You will be a different person after the storm, because the storm will heal you from your perfection. People who stay perfect and unblemished never really get to live fully or deeply. You will not be the same after the storms of life; you will be stronger, wiser and more alive than ever before!
Megan Westfield, Lessons in Gravity|Even if he survived the Sorcerer, there would always be another Sorcerer, bigger and more dangerous than the last. It was just a matter of time until he died the kind of gruesome death that was the very reason people had paralyzing phobias of heights.
Michael    Jones, Drowning Silence Poetry|I will never take what is never given, but I will receive to what is given.
Marie Lu, Champion|You don’t always have to take it all on, either, you know. The weight of the world. The responsibility for everyone else’s problems. Sometimes it’s okay to let somebody else worry about you.
Lukhman Pambra|I wish my whispers are heard and requited as a storm... Because, the storm is that keeps me alive!
Paul David Tripp, Instruments in the Redeemer's Hands: People in Need of Change Helping People in Need of Change|The church is not a theological classroom. It is a conversion, confession, repentance, reconciliation, forgiveness and sanctification center, where flawed people place their faith in Christ, gather to know and love him better, and learn to love others as he designed.
Dr. Seuss|I know this may come as a shock to most of you, but I've decided to quit acting. I will not be auditioning for anything anymore, and if I get offered something like a role in a movie or a commercial or something, I will graciously turn it down. It's been great, but its just not for me anymore.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|the only way to find true happiness is to risk being completely cut open.. live wild dont be a normal person.. to become presence, means accepting the risk.. and be sure if u don't take risks u'll have a wasted soul..
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Certainly we should be very active in seeking God, and Jesus himself called us to 'ask, seek, knock' in order to find him. Yet those who enter a relationship with God inevitably look back and recognize that God's grace had sought them out, breaking them open to new realities.
Christine Caine|Skye said when she looked at Lise, she saw a black mark, an aura. Just like the mark on Lise’s thigh, it was a warming. Deenie thought of it now, of Lise and the stretch mark on her thigh. And how the fevered mind of her fevered friend might believe anything. But also, somewhere inside, it felt the smallest bit true. That the stretch mark was a kind of witch’s mark, the blot of Lise’s body that reminded you of what she had been -a plump, awkward girl- before the lithesome beauty took her place. It was a kind of witchcraft, that transformation.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every morning, look in the mirror. You are beautiful and wonderful.
XO John Schork quoted in Midway Magic, An Oral History of America's Legendary Aircraft Carrier|That’s because it is cruel, Obi-Wan,” Anakin snapped. “Cruel and unfeeling and unworthy of the Jedi Order.” He was so like Qui-Gon. This was like arguing with a ghost.
Tara Brach, True Refuge: Finding Peace and Freedom in Your Own Awakened Heart|Stepping out of the busyness, stopping our endless pursuit of getting somewhere else, is perhaps the most beautiful offering we can make to our spirit.
Dagobert D. Runes, A Dictionary of Thought|There is no reasonable doubt that existentialism will soon become the predominant philosophical current among bourgeois intellectuals." (1949)
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sure, things die. Yet hard on the heels of every death there comes a birth. And if the life around me is being perpetually refreshed in such a relentless manner, why would I think that the life within me can’t have the same experience.
Mary Lasswell|My own understanding is similar to that of scholar of religion and pastor Howard Thurman. I find a profound teaching in Thurman's saying that "what is true in any religion is in the religion because it is true; it is not true because it is in the religion." Thurman's saying is true for Christian theology. If there is truth in a theology, then it is present simply because it is true, not because it is in the theology. Whether or not we can find truth in a school of thought or particular theological construction is most important, not the school of thought or particular theological construction. Therefore, I find events of truth to draw on from a diversity of theological writings, rather than locate my work in a particular school of thought. The truth we Christians seek, beyond all our words and all of our labels, is found through unity in diversity. It is the common ground we all long for. No one theology alone is capable of revealing this common ground. We require a diversity taken together, each with its distinctive gifts. Together, these various insights into Christian truth correct and inform one another. This is the gift of ecumenism.
Mark W. Boyer|If you are not taking the time to set your own goals, chances are pretty high someone else is doing it for you. So don't be surprised someday when you end up someplace you never hoped to be.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|The Theory of Relativity makes nobody angry because it doesn't contradict any of our cherished beliefs. Most people don't care an iota whether space and time are absolute or relative. If you think it is possible to bend space and time, well be my guest. ...In contrast, Darwin has deprived us of our souls. If you really understand the Theory of Evolution, you understand that there is no soul. This is a terrifying thought, not only to devote Christians and Muslims, but also to many secular people who don't hold any clear religious dogma, but nevertheless, want to believe that each human possess an eternal, individual essence that remains unchanged throughout life and can survive even death intact.
George Orwell, 1984|And I watched the first man I ever kissed walk away from me forever. My heart full of nothing but regret, my brain full of nothing but reassurance that I was making the right choice, and my voice, completely void of any will to call him back.
Grace Willows, Into My Heart|Allow me to introduce myself. I am Enrico Manuel Alejandro Stephan Montebello, and you are trespassing on my land.
Robert Goddard, The Ways of the World|Think of yourselves as pearls. We, sitting in our rows, eyes down, we make her salivate morally. We are hers to define, we must suffer her adjectives. I think about pearls. Pearls are congealed oyster spit.
Robin Talley, Our Own Private Universe|If I wanted to have an interesting life - which I did - then there was no point sitting around debating everything in my head on a constant loop. If I wanted my life to change, then Had to do something. Or at least try.
Max Barry, Company|Last month we had to sit through a presentation on eliminating redundancy, and it was a bunch of Power Point slides, plus a guy reading out what was on the slides, and then he gave us all hard copies. I don’t understand these things.
E. Nesbit, The Magic World|There is nothing more luxurious than eating while you read—unless it be reading while you eat. Amabel did both: they are not the same thing, as you will see if you think the matter over.
Na'ama Yehuda|When hearts speak, they touch each other and transform the deepest sorrow.
Gwyneth Hanson|I faced a fear and on the other side I found passion. Don’t let fear hold you back, you never know what you might find.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|He smelled like a wolf and I knew I should run, instead I opened my heart and invited him in for a bite.
Bishop T.D. Jakes|I was instructed long ago by a wise editor, "If you understand something you can explain it so that almost anyone can understand it. If you don't, you won't be able to understand your own explanation." . . . Jargon is the last refuge of the scoundrel.
A.E. Samaan|People earnestly say to me here, 'Mr Knight, we have cellphones now, and you're going to really enjoy them.' That's their enticement for me to rejoin society. 'You're going to love it,' they say. I have no desire. And what about a text message? Isn't that just using a telephone as a telegraph? We're going backwards.
Thomas Bossert|For myself, I think that those who cultivate wisdom and believe themselves able to instruct their fellow-citizens as to their interests are least likely to become partisans of violence. They are too well aware that to violence attach enmities and dangers, whereas results as good may be obtained by persuasion safely and amicably.
Karen E. Olson, The Missing Ink|I shook my head. "Not Interested" I said.he straightened up. "Not interested in what?"In you." I couldn't be more blunt.Excuse me, miss, but I was going to ask if you would like to sign up for karaoke.
Alex Garland|No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream. Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more. Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|You fight your superficiality, your shallowness, so as to try to come at people without unreal expectations, without an overload of bias or hope or arrogance, as untanklike as you can be, sans cannon and machine guns and steel plating half a foot thick; you come at them unmenacingly on your own ten toes instead of tearing up the turf with your caterpillar treads, take them on with an open mind, as equals, man to man, as we used to say, and yet you never fail to get them wrong. You might as well have the brain of a tank. You get them wrong before you meet them, while you're anticipating meeting them; you get them wrong while you're with them; and then you go home to tell somebody else about the meeting and you get them all wrong again. Since the same generally goes for them with you, the whole thing is really a dazzling illusion. ... The fact remains that getting people right is not what living is all about anyway. It's getting them wrong that is living, getting them wrong and wrong and wrong and then, on careful reconsideration, getting them wrong again. That's how we know we're alive: we're wrong. Maybe the best thing would be to forget being right or wrong about people and just go along for the ride. But if you can do that -- well, lucky you.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|If the pirate with a scarf had been more poetically minded he’d have thought that her eyes were like a thousand emeralds, glittering in a far-off pirate treasure chest. But he wasn’t, so he just thought that she had really really green eyes, a bit like seaweed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be good to those who are good,and just to those who are not;this is true wisdom.Do good unto others,not expecting them to do good unto you.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|What am I to you?’Sophiel smiled. ‘The sun. You are my sun, like Astrid said. My sun, that lights up my life. That looks after me with its fiery rays. I only have to turn towards it for it to set fire to my heart.
Sharon Lathan, Mr. & Mrs. Fitzwilliam Darcy: Two Shall Become One|Vladimir stood next to one of the beams on the back porch of our new home, leaning on his back. He reached in his pocket and grabbed a pack of cigarettes, Marlboro Reds which were his favorites, and he lit one up. He was dressed all in black; black skinny jeans, black studded belt, black tennis shoes, black v neck shirt and he had the hood of his black jacket up over his head. He looked cool and collected, and somewhat villainous.” -Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found (Vol. #1)
John Banville|You experience your soul each time you sense yourself as more than a mind and body, your life as meaningful, or you feel that you have gifts to give and you long to give them.
Noam Chomsky|It's hard to tell with these Internet startups if they're really interested in building companies or if they're just interested in the money. I can tell you, though: If they don't really want to build a company, they won't luck into it. That's because it's so hard that if you don't have a passion, you'll give up.
Martin Garrix|I really love to ride my motorcycle. When I want to just get away and be by myself and clear my head, that's what I do.
Winston  Churchill|I Want to ShoutLeave me alone!What's wrong with you?Don't you remember who I am? Who you are?This is not a father's love! I want to scream, Can't you see what you are doing to me? What you've done to me? What you've made of me? I want to cry out, I am your little girl. I am not your girlfriend. I am not your whore. I am not my fucking mother! But he is on top of me and my shout is silenced. He is inside of me and my scream stays there too. He is finished. And I don't cry out, but I do cry a bucket of silent tears. He slithers away and at last, I quietly sob
Helen Brown, After Cleo|In the back of the fridge I checked out some stewed apples destined to fester. I examined them closely and reckoned they had only a day to go, even by my standards. I spooned the apples into tiny bowls, tossed in some dried fruit and sprinkled them with crumble topping. Delicious, they said that night, scraping the bowls so clean they hardly needed to go in the dishwasher. The fools.
Maria Nieves|I was hated, you know. I made no secret of the fact that I was an atheist. People told me there are no atheists in fox holes. That's nonsense. [interview promoting Marching as to War (2002)]
Nadia Comaneci|I mean, I'd love to have a private jet - I know people who fly by private jet all the time... I've hitched a ride a few times and it is not overrated at all; it's a great way to travel!
Rachel Neumeier, Lord of the Changing Winds|A solitary finger of light fell upon it, illuminating motes of golden dust floating in the air.
Cathryn Fox, Wild Ride|He’d found himself intrigued by the way she’d weaved the lives of two very different people together, how she played off their strengths and weakness, how against all odds she brought them together and made it seem believable. Even if it was nothing more than make-believe. She was a talented writer.
Donald Trump|I've been a cook all my life, but I am still learning to be a good chef. I'm always learning new techniques and improving beyond my own knowledge because there is always something new to learn and new horizons to discover.
Anthony T. Hincks|When artificial intelligence comes of age, the first thing it's going to do is get rid of the inefficient parts.And guess who that will be!And what will happen to us?Well, to find out the answer to that question all you have to do is see what we do with all of our unwanted rubbish.
Tom    Evans, When Kids Could Play Outside|Life is just packed full of memories, the more memories you create, the richer your life becomes !J Moulds
Helen Mirren|I'm not a sad person, upset the whole time, but I seem to be quite emotional.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Love consists of this: two solitudes that meet, protect and greet each other. 
Trey Anastasio|We can't forget what happened on May 4th, 1970, when four students gave up their lives because they had the American constitutional right of peaceful protest. They gave up their lives. And to sing that song in that spot on that anniversary was very emotional for us.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I almost moved mountains, touched rivers, impressed deserts and motivated skies, but I never made it to your heart.
J. Valor, Salome|The boy knelt, shoulders bowed, on the sand in the grey of morning, moaning softly, fearfully. Glowing tendrils of energy streamed across the agitated sky, converging high above him in a vortex of brightness. He flung his hands heavenward and a sheet of blinding brilliance descended from the vortex. It enveloped him and from its core a pulsing sphere of light fell, entering his body and almost tearing him apart. He went rigid, screaming to shatter the heavens, his dark eyes bulging from their sockets, his mouth wide in a rictus of agony. Sirius exploded in a burst of silver-blue radiance, as his howl rose to a shriek beyond hearing and endurance. Out of the light and the sound and the anguish, two names imprinted themselves on his mind. One of them, he knew, was his own. The other floated for an instant above his consciousness like a fugitive white dove in the morning.
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|Don’t measure how far still you’ve got to go, but how far you’ve already gone to get to the point where you are now.
Roz Savage, Rowing the Atlantic: Lessons Learned on the Open Ocean|Those who serve and those who ruleLepers, kings and mindless foolsEmpire leaders, tyrant's toolsAll will fade with timeHail the cowards, brave at heartThe ugly and the beautifulThose who never felt their soulsAll live transient lives
Priscilla Cummings, Saving Grace|What I hope you'll remember, Grace-is that all your life there will be people who have more than you-and people who have less. Grace hung her head. What's really important,'Miss Louise went on to say,'are the connections you have with the people you love. Your family, your friends, Grace-truly, those are the things that matter. Those are the things that will always matter the most.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|More often than not, expecting to lose weight without first losing the diet that made the weight loss necessary is like expecting a pig to be spotless after hosing it down while it was still rolling in mud.
Paulo Coelho|Close cycles. Not because of pride or arrogance, but because that no longer fits your life
Craig D. Lounsbrough|As exchange-values, all commodities are merely definite quantities of congealed labour-time.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Return of the Prodigal Son: A Story of Homecoming|Although claiming my true identity as a child of God, I still live as though the God to whom I am returning demands an explanation. I still think about his love as conditional and about home as a place I am not yet fully sure of. While walking home, I keep entertaining doubts about whether I will be truly welcome when I get there. As I look at my spiritual journey, my long and fatiguing trip home, I see how full it is of guilt about the past and worries about the future. I realize my failures and know that I have lost the dignity of my sonship, but I am not yet able to fully believe that where my failings are great, 'grace is always greater.' Still clinging to my sense of worthlessness, I project for myself a place far below that which belongs to the son, (p. 52).
Joan Holub, Athena the Brain|There are few people whom I really love, and still fewer of whom I think well.The more I see of the world, the more am I dissatisfied with it; and every day confirms my belief of the inconsistency of all human characters, and the little dependence that can be placed on the appearance of merit sense
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|And one day when you wake up, you happen to realise that your battle isn’t with the man you had got into a brawl with the other day, it isn’t with a friend turned foe, it isn’t with those parents who chose to give up on you, it isn’t with the bus driver for not having waited until you got in, it isn’t with the employer who cancelled the application to your leave, it isn’t with the examiner who resolved into failing you, it isn’t with the woman who did not reciprocate your feelings, it isn’t with child who dropped his ice-cream cone on you, it isn’t with your ill fate and it isn’t with that superior being above you. Your battle, your fight isn’t against the world but against yourself and the only way to come through all of it and beyond, to win, is improvement, self-improvement which needs to be gradual and progressive with the transverse of each day.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|But as the years went on, I realised that what I really want to be, all told, is a human. Just a productive, honest, courteously treated human.
Kedar Joshi, Superultramodern Science And Philosophy|To leave a man's ego bigger, retweet him. To leave his faculty of reasoning better, challenge his tweet.
Louise Nurding|Do I believe in coupling? Do I believe in commitment? Do I believe in co-parenting, raising children together, having a family, and growing old with someone? I absolutely believe in all of those things. I just don't believe that you need to be married to do that. I love going to weddings, though. I do love a good wedding.
Ann Coulter|I have a friend that is a WWII buff, and we sat and talked a lot about stuff like the war and the reasons behind it, and you now it's all in the uniform. Once you're in it, it usually does all the work for you.
Rachel Vincent, Menagerie|He’d walked as a ghost in the gloomy bowels of this opera house for so long, darkness had become his brother, which was fitting, since his father was the night, and sunlight their forgotten friend.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|We don't give up, even when things are bad.We pay our debts.We work hard.We act decently.We help our neighbours if they need it.We do what we say we will do.We don't want much attention.We look after our own.We are proud of what we do.We try to be quietly smart.We take chances sometimes to get on.We will fail sometimes.We will be affected by the wider world...But we hold on to who we are.
Shannon L. Alder|We don’t yet have a body of scientific knowledge about evil to be called a facet of psychology. Therefore, religious reasoning for actions will always be at the discretion of the psychologist, thus making them the judge and jury over what is delusion and what is a spiritual experience that has to be sedated.
K.P. Yohannan, No Longer a Slumdog: Bringing Hope to Children in Crisis|I believe, as followers of Christ, we are commanded to reach out to the least of these in the name of Jesus and show them they matter a great deal to God, who sacrificed His only Son to reach them with His love.
Xinran, The Good Women of China: Hidden Voices|No matter how revolutionary people were, he said, they could not live without books. Without books, we would not understand the world; without books, we could not develop; without books, nature could not serve humanity.
Anne Rice, Beauty's Punishment|I am such a bad girl," she thought. Yet...
Unarine Ramaru|To have more, you must genuinely thank more.
M.B. Dallocchio|How often do the poor in the US get to stand in front of their nation's Marie Antoinette's and shove the stale, mass-produced cake of lower class reality back into their mouths?
Hans-Hermann Hoppe, The Economics and Ethics of Private Property: Studies in Political Economy and Philosophy|Experience cannot beat logic, and interpretations of observational evidence which are not in line with the laws of logical reasoning are no refutation of these but the sign of a muddled mind (or would one accept someone’s observational report that he had seen a bird that was red and non-red all over at the same time as a refutation of the law of contradiction rather than the pronouncement of an idiot?).
Teresa Garcia, Call of the Kami|Sweep the broomOver sand and stone.Softly, gently,Brush away the dust.Listen to the leavesAs they sing in the tree.Peace fills the soulWhen living well.
James H. Boren|The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.
Giacomo Leopardi|My mom's one of the toughest ladies I know. I've seen her lose both her brothers, both her parents. She's been through a lot, and to see her get up every day and put a smile on her face, that shows nothing but strength.
C. JoyBell C.|If you walk on sunlight, bathe in moonlight, breathe in a golden air and exhale a Midas' touch; mark my words, those who exist in the shadows will try to pull you into the darkness with them. The last thing that they want is for you to see the wonder of your life because they can't see theirs.
Diane Chamberlain, Conduct Unbecoming: Rape, Torture, and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from Military Commanders|Maybe that would be a good thing to do. He wasn't entirely sure, and that bothered him more than anything. How was he meant to judge right from wrong when he had never really striven to do right before? The only good thing he had known was his time with Drin, and Drin had died because o
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|People often told him how humble he was, but they did not mean real humility, it was merely that he did not flaunt his membership in the wealthy club, did not exercise the rights it brought—to be rude, to be inconsiderate, to be greeted rather than to greet—and because so many others like him exercised those rights, his choices were interpreted as humility.
Andrew Rilstone, Where Dawkins Went Wrong|The West, for many centuries, has been dominated by a highly rationalistic mindset that presumes to express and explain the nature of God through words. The East has only recently begun to express its understanding of God in those ways. For the most part, Eastern Christianity has always recognized that it can only say so much about God in finite, human ways before it must go silent before the mystery of the Infinite and Unspeakable. Instead of defining ultimate reality in theological concepts, the East has relied upon its artists, musicians, and poets to proclaim what can only be understood in the heart.
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|The things that I love about you aren't going to go away when you go on your book tour, and they're not going to go away when you go on your mission. I'll still be here, and I'll still be thinking about all those things. I'll still be working on being a better person, a better friend, a better son. I'll still be wondering what it would be like to be a better boyfriend for you. And you will be on your mission, thinking about how much you wish your weren't gay.
Siobhan Curham, The Moonlight Dreamers|Beauty isn't skin-deep. It's bone-deep. Heart-deep. Soul-deep. Only put to sleep. When we prick our finger on fear. Beauty can't be bought or made. It can only be awoken through laughter, and living, and love. Through being you and being true.
Lady Gaga|Without music, life is a journey through a desert.
Aaron Lauritsen, 100 Days Drive: The Great North American Road Trip|Dig deep to finish what you start. Because no matter how hard it feels to push through adversity at the time, once your done, you'll own the experience for the rest of your life.
Antonio Banderas|The way Hollywood portrays mothers - you're either all good and saint-like, or you're all bad. And I think the real honesty of motherhood is not given a voice in movies. I miss that as an audience member.
Brandon Mull|He would have shaved the centaurs, dipped them in honey, covered them with feathers, and hung them up like a bunch of pinatas. I'm just saying." - Warren
Deyth Banger|I can't go outside, I know to much to be out there and I had never liked people.
John Candy|Oh and P.S.? I am in dire need of more coffee. Industrial strength.""But we're going to sleep soon," I say."I know." Laila shudders. "Addiction is a bitch.
Sarah Hall, The Beautiful Indifference: Stories|Lipstick never lasted long when they were together; he would always kiss her after she had applied it, as if he liked the smearing viscous sensation. Sometimes she felt sure it was discomposing her that he enjoyed.
Abraham Lincoln|The three most powerful and most apparent means used by Rome to retain her power over the minds of her votaries are Ignorance, Superstition, and Persecution.
Ida Hattemer-Higgins, The History of History|The more clearly we are able to express ourselves, the less room there is for ambiguity. The more elaborate and the more precise our vocabulary, the greater the scope for thought and expression. Language is about subtlety and nuance. It is power and it is potent. We can woo with words and we can wound. Despots fear the words of the articulate opponent. Successful revolutions are achieved with words as much as with weapons.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be able to convert time, you must be conscious of time.
|Winners don't solve their problems by crying and worrying about them day in and day out. This is because they understand that the only solution to any problem, is to strongly believe in it's solvability, and then go in search for its solution with a heart full of faith.
Gary Gygax, Role-Playing Mastery|Since then I have searched for my heroes among small-t truths. I always find them among people learning the art of acceptance: not acceptance of defeat or acceptance of some inability to influence their own futures, but rather acceptance of life on the planet, acceptance of the grays rather than the black-and-whites, acceptance of the astonishing range of human emotion and human behavior.
Bashō Matsuo, The Narrow Road to the Deep North and Other Travel Sketches|It is only a barbarous mind that sees other than the flower, merely an animal mind that dreams of other than the moon.
Keshia Knight Pulliam|I was a dog in a past life. Really. I'll be walking down the street and dogs will do a sort of double take. Like, Hey, I know him.
Lysander Spooner|Dullness in matters of government is a good sign, and not a bad one - in particular, dullness in parliamentary government is a test of its excellence, an indication of its success.
Alastair Campbell|Nobody with an IQ higher than emergency-room temperature could ever believe that 'death panels' would be appointed to nudge the elderly toward euthanasia. Yet for idle entertainment, it's hard to beat Sarah Palin's ignorant nattering on the subject.
Nick Offerman, Paddle Your Own Canoe: One Man's Fundamentals for Delicious Living|Instead of playing Draw Something, fucking draw something
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|Tucker: "Today we ran into a mama grizzly with two cubs at the ridge off Colter Bay and Clara sang to it to make it go away."Mrs. Avery: You sang to it?Tucker: Her singing is that bad.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Aleph and Other Stories|A queen is wise. She has earned her serenity, not having had it bestowed on her but having passer her tests. She has suffered and grown more beautiful because of it. She has proved she can hold her kingdom together. She has become its vision. She cares deeply about something bigger than herself. She rules with authentic power.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|For how imperiously, how coolly, in disregard of all one’s feelings, does the hard, cold, uninteresting course of daily realities move on! Still we must eat, and drink, and sleep, and wake again, - still bargain, buy, sell, ask and answer questions, - pursue, in short, a thousand shadows, though all interest in them be over; the cold, mechanical habit of living remaining, after all vital interest in it has fled.
Norman MacCaig, The Poems of Norman MacCaig|Landscape is my religion....God in a green legend, I lean over the poolIn a testament of leaves. I dangle my twinkling mood Before me in a cool cave roofed with branchesAnd floored with a skin of water. 
Eleanor Roosevelt|Curiosity killed the cat,” Fesgao remarked, his dark eyes unreadable.Aly rolled her eyes. Why did everyone say that to her? “People always forget the rest of the saying,” she complained. “‘And satisfaction brought it back.
Sara Massa, The Shifting Moon|Later that night, I sat in my room thinking of what I just went through. The four of us had burned the body in an old pit and covered the burned remains with a pile of leaves. Just standing there, watching the crackling fire burn and cripple the bones of this thing just reminded me of how real this all became. My mom was not too happy when I came home late and smelling like a crematorium.
Salman Rushdie, Haroun and the Sea of Stories|Stories are like snapshots, pictures snatched out of time, with clean hard edges. But this was life, and life always begins and ends in a bloody muddle, womb to tomb, just one big mess, a can of worms left to rot in the sun.
Thalia Chaltas, Because I Am Furniture|Some things a heart won't listen to, I'm still holding out for you
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If ever we needed to put the Golden Rule into action, it’s with our aging parents.
Aditya Ajmera|Unexamined thoughts, habits or action may offer some deceptive gain or pleasure but eventually it takes away something most valuable from our life ,which we have ever wished for.
Pamela K. Kinney "Let Demon Dogs Lie " Southern Haunts Devils in the Darkness|The easiest way to disturb or create an element of horror is to take a positive emotion and put it in a negative situation, to create dissonance.
Morten Høgsberg|You stand the risk of misfortunes, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
Ted Chiang, The Great Silence|We have the best chance of communicating our thoughts if we are sincere and speak from the heart, without hidden intent.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Be a leader and be a transformer !When you get the opportunity to lead, remember it is a noble opportunity not just to amass followers, but to nurture true and great leaders who can do even greater things than you did! That never wipes off your footprints!
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|Looking back at him was a man who was battered and broken.And alive, for the first time in his life.
Madeleine L'Engle|If we allow our "high creativity" to remain alive, we will never be bored. We can pray, standing in line at the super market. Or we can be lost in awe at all the people around us, their lives full of glory and tragedy, and suddenly we will have the beginnings of a painting, a story, a song.
Rachel Van Dyken, Elite|When you kissed me…I felt special.I never really felt like I deserved it.That isn’t your fault. That was me.When I looked down the aisle on our wedding day and you weren’t there, my first thought, as awful as this sounds, wasn’t, “Where is he?” it was, “Oh, it figures.
Tiberius|Mutual respect is very important in a relationship, and since my work is part of my life, he would have to respect it.
Alin Sav|If you are 100% sure that you live, why don´t you live 100%?
Maysoon Zayid|In the early days of the Russian Revolution in 1917, I was completely in sympathy with it. I felt that it established a new era in the history of the modern world. I was so overwhelmed by it that, if people made any unfriendly comment, I would vigorously defend it. If people condemned the Communist party, I would speak in its defense.
Cynthia Sue Larson, Quantum Jumps: An Extraordinary Science of Happiness and Prosperity|Quantum jumping is the process by which a person envisions some desired result or state of being that is different from the existing situation—and by clearly observing that possibility and supplying sufficient energy, makes a leap into that alternate reality.
Cormac McCarthy, The Crossing|Men do not turn from God so easily. Not so easily. Deep in each man is the knowledge that something knows of his existence. Something knows, and cannot e fled nor hid from. To imagine otherwise is to imagine the unspeakable. It was never that this man ceased to believe in God. No. It was rather that he came to believe terrible things of him.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|This is a good sign, having a broken heart. It means we have tried for something.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|I squint my eyes and glare at him. 	“I don’t have a crush on Quinn anymore.”	He raises a golden eyebrow. 	“No?”	I shake my head. “No.”	“Why is that?” 	I stare at him long and hard, trying to decide what to say. Should I be downright, painfully honest? I’ve always found that the best way to be, so I nod. 	“Two words.”	He waits. 	“Dante. Giliberti.”	I hear him suck in his breath and I smile. Sometimes, honesty is refreshing and so very worth it. 	“Me?” He sounds so surprised, as though he doesn’t know that he is practically a living breathing Adonis. I nod. 	“You.”	He studies me again and I fight the need to fidget as I wait for his reaction. 	After a minute of nerve-wracking silence, he finally answers. 	“So, will you keep the bracelet?” 	I nod. 	“Can I kiss you again?” 	I nod. 	So he does.
Rakul Preet Singh|We've all tried to bunk our gym session or dance class. A single routine can get monotonous. That's why I have decided to make my fitness regime fun by incorporating different workouts into my schedule. From dancing to yoga, I plan to keep it as interesting as possible so I'm never bored of working out.
Hilary Mantel|In this game against fate, I am losing. Miserably.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|They call what we went through a problem, an experience, a dream… but we know that it’s much more than that.
