Charlotte Whitton|The labor of women in the house, certainly, enables men to produce more wealth than they otherwise could; and in this way women are economic factors in society. But so are horses.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Lord Jesus Christ is preparing a home fit for all who live for Him, a place designed for the church triumphant. Let’s exemplify the work of His hands, for they are busy, on our behalf, building a city large enough to encompass His people of faith—an eternal home for the soul.
Marie Curie|In science, all facts, no matter how trivial or banal, enjoy democratic equality.
Mac Miller|No matter where life takes me, you'll find me with a smile. Presumed to be happy, always laughing like a child. I never thought life could be this sweet! It's got me cheesing from cheek to cheek!
Jeff Hawkins|We recruit our people for personality. We look for the people person, with innate warmth, sweetness, and intelligence. These are the people who are sending your message out to the customers and potential customers, so we recruit for personality first and foremost.
Jack Dangermond|Let's recreate the equivalent of the Met Ball in Europe and, rather than for the museum, give the money to environmental causes.
George Saunders, Lincoln in the Bardo|One feels such love for the little ones, such anticipation that all that is lovely in life will be known by them, such fondness for that set of attributes manifested uniquely in each: mannerisms of bravado, of vulnerability, habits of speech and mispronouncement and so forth; the smell of the hair and head, the feel of the tiny hand in yours—and then the little one is gone! Taken! One is thunderstruck that such a brutal violation has occurred in what had previously seemed a benevolent world. From nothingness, there arose great love; now, its source nullified, that love, searching and sick, converts to the most abysmal suffering imaginable.
Gordon Brown|If you want to fight the evil you see in finance and industry, get to work reading the corporate filings, see if there has been fraud, and where you find it, report it to the SEC or write about it or blog about it.
Ruud van Nistelrooy|I know for me like I have a reputation of being kind of tough, I have a reputation of also being the girl next door, kind of sweet but I have standards and my thing is, it's me on that screen and I don't have control over everything in this and I'm grateful and thankful.
Philip Pullman, Fairy Tales from the Brothers Grimm: A New English Version|He sat down and collected his thoughts. They were quite easy to collect, because there weren't very many of them, and they all concerned the same subject--what a burden his life was.
Walter Cronkite|From the beginning, I've always had a knack for catchy melodies. But I went through a period when I was trying to be rock n' roll and have a rock n' roll attitude. I was fighting my nature by trying to play really hard and sing really hard. But at a certain point, I realized that I loved syrupy pop music with tons of harmony.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Presenting “Mix, Mingle & Glow” in a social context is a lovely way to describe how you can make a great first impression by taking the initiative to help other people shine. Think of the times when you have attended an event where there were a lot of people.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline|Value the wisdom of humility, as well as the sense of perspective it gives you.
Denise Van Outen|Since the day Brahma created the world to this day, no one's ever been able to satisfy a wedding guest. They always find some opportunity or other to find fault and criticise. One who can't even afford a dry piece of bread at home becomes a lord at the wedding party.
Satish Kumar Ankala|...on opening the incubator I experienced one of those rare moments of intense emotion which reward the research worker for all his pains: at first glance I saw that the broth culture, which the night before had been very turbid was perfectly clear: all the bacteria had vanished... as for my agar spread it was devoid of all growth and what caused my emotion was that in a flash I understood: what causes my spots was in fact an invisible microbe, a filterable virus, but a virus parasitic on bacteria. Another thought came to me also, If this is true, the same thing will have probably occurred in the sick man. In his intestine, as in my test-tube, the dysentery bacilli will have dissolved away under the action of their parasite. He should now be cured.
Joshua Roman|Normally, in the presence of radiation, communication links fail. But with autonomous robots, you don't need communications.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|It appears that DDNOS is the intentional goal of these abusers, but DID sometimes results from a failure of programming. In DDNOS, the ANP is always present, even when another part is in control of the behavior and feelings.
Bob Sjogren and Gerald Robison|The hour on Sunday can be a time of wonder, a time of transformation, maybe even a time of awe.
David C. Riggins|I remember thinking that I could disguise the way I am by somehow filtering my expression for the sake of juvenile social acceptance or I could say to the world, “Here I am, if you don’t like it, don’t clap.” -Boys of the Fatherless-
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|But nobody writes fairy talesabout the ugly and poemsare not there for the brokenand I will never find myselfin the words of a hymnnor will any whispered prayerever say my name(which name, which meam I looking for?)because I am shoutingat a cross splintered into piecesby my angry fists, and cryingat the stained glass fallinglike killing rain around me.
Gene Wolfe, The Shadow of the Torturer|[O]nce we give up on the idea that only heterosexuality is normal and that all human bodies are clearly either male or female, more and more kinds of bodies and desires will come into view. Perhaps also, one body may, in one lifetime, move through many identities and desires. The use of,queer’ then, is a deliberate political move, which underscores the fluidity (potential and actual) of sexual identity and sexual desire. The term suggests that all kinds of sexual desire and identifications are possible, and all these have socio-cultural and historical co-ordinates.
Shannon L. Alder|If you want to be happy you have to study people who are happy. You have to hang out with people that are happy. Life won't go in the direction you want, by simply trying to stay positive in a life you're not happy with. You have to know what you want and why you truly want it so badly. When you figure that out then you need to change your current identity, in order to fit the type of person you envision would make those dreams come true. Happiness is not reliant on the actions or inactions of other people. It is your “courage in motion” toward your dreams.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|She'd secretly had a crush on him since they were twelve years old. Last summer, she'd fallen for him hard.
Toni Morrison, Jazz|Not like the me was some tough somebody, or somebody she had put together for show. But like, like somebody she favored and could count on. A secret somebody you didn't have to feel sorry for or have to fight for. -Felice
Kathleen Valentine, Each Angel Burns: A Novel|The deer scent the wolves and stand silent and watchful. They turn and leap off like ballerinas, their plume-like tails raised in alarm.
Maximilien de Robespierre, Robespierre|As I witness and participate in our visionary efforts to revitalize Detroit and contrast them with the multibillion dollars' worth of megaprojects advanced by politicians and developed that involve casinos, giant stadiums, gentrification, and the Super Bowl, I am saddened by their shortsightedness. At the same time I rejoice in the energy being unleashed in the community by our human-scale programs that involve bringing the country back into the city and removing the walls between schools and communities, between generations, and between ethnic groups. And I am confident just as in the early twentieth century people came from around the world to marvel at the mass production lines pioneered by Henry Ford, in the twenty-first century they will be coming to marvel at the thriving neighborhoods that are the fruit of our visionary programs.
Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow|It always has been and always will be the same. The old folk of our grandfathers' young days sang a song bearing exactly the same burden; and the young folk of to-day will drone out precisely similar nonsense for the aggravation of the next generation. "Oh, give me back the good old days of fifty years ago," has been the cry ever since Adam's fifty-first birthday. Take up the literature of 1835, and you will find the poets and novelists asking for the same impossible gift as did the German Minnesingers long before them and the old Norse Saga writers long before that. And for the same thing sighed the early prophets and the philosophers of ancient Greece. From all accounts, the world has been getting worse and worse ever since it was created. All I can say is that it must have been a remarkably delightful place when it was first opened to the public, for it is very pleasant even now if you only keep as much as possible in the sunshine and take the rain good-temperedly.
Peter Mallouk, The 5 Mistakes Every Investor Makes and How to Avoid Them: Getting Investing Right|Creating a complete picture of a company financial health, by looking at periodic financial statements, is like turning a hamburger into a cow
Neil Hayes, A View From A Lake: Buddha, Mind and Future|There is a wager that we must all make; for the small stake of some rewarding mental training, we can attain lasting contentment and contribute to a positive outcome for our planet.
Albert Camus|Some, often without knowing it, suffered from being deprived of the company of friends and from their inability to get in touch with them through the usual channels of friendship, letters, trains, and boats. Others, fewer these, Tarrou may have been one of them, had desired reunion with something they couldn't have defined, but which seemed to them the only desirable thing on earth. For want of a better name, they sometimes called it peace.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|I think it takes an amazing amount of energy to convince oneself that the Forever Person isn't just around the corner. In the end I believe we never do convince ourselves. I know that I found it increasingly hard to maintain the pose of emotional self-sufficiency lying on my bed and sitting at my desk, watching the gulls cartwheeling in the clouds over the bridges, cradling myself in my own arms, breathing warm chocolate-and-vodka breath on a rose I had found on a street corner, trying to force it to bloom.
Joe Thorn, Note to Self: The Discipline of Preaching to Yourself|Conviction of sin is one of the rarest things that ever strikes a man. It is the threshold of an understanding of God. Jesus Christ said that when the Holy Spirit came He would convict of sin, and when the Holy Spirit rouses the conscience and brings him into the presence of God, it is not his relationship with men that bothers him, but his relationship with God.
Eileen Granfors, And More White Sheets: An expanded text edition|Something in the air this morning made me feel like flying. . . "Spring Flight
Emmoduro|Human ia such that everyone leaves you to your fate during your darkest moments even those you could trust with your life. But in as much as you love and care for them you need to start cutting off all strings that tie you to them and groom those few that firmly stand by you through these times. And surely just as the sun set for the moon to rise, that same sun will rise once again and shine brighter than it used to be.
Valentine Glass, Finding the Best Man|Good and safe" are all I have been during my romantic career, keeping myself virtuous outside of relationships never putting out before I had a commitment and a half dozen dates under my belt.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Your friend's poetry is terrible," he said.Clary blinked, caught momentarily off guard. "What?""I said his poetry was terrible. It sounds like he ate a dictionary and started vomiting up words at random.
Edith Wharton, French Ways and Their Meaning|If the ability to read carries the average man no higher than the gossip of his neighbours, if he asks nothing more nourishing out of books and the theatre than he gets hanging about the store, the bar and the street-corner, then culture is bound to be dragged down to him instead of his being lifted up by culture.
Jack Ketchum, The Lost|Betty Knot was sitting on the porch now with her old mongrel dog. Both of them fast and peacefully asleep in the shade, almost comically so, the widow leaning in her rocker with her mouth open wide and the old dog sprawled at her feet. And seeing them there made him smile and then unexpectedly saddened him with a sudden forceful clarity. It was as though he had looked behind the scene on the porch across the street into some terrible scene in the future. Because they each were all the other had in the world by way of comfort and it was possible for him to understand in that moment the cruel eventuality that was blooming there. They were both so damn old. He sensed a sort of fate about them and sensed too that it would descend upon them soon, that soon either the woman would lose the dog or the dog would lose the woman and they had been together since the dog was a pup. When death came to one the other would be left alone, no familiar hand to pat the dog or cool wet nose to nuzzle the hand, and there would be no consoling either dog or woman, something fragile lost forever in some awful rending.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|Love is yet another name for Respect. If you cannot respect a person for what they are; you can never ever truly, madly, or deeply love that person.
Alfie Kohn, The Myth of the Spoiled Child: Coddled Kids, Helicopter Parents, and Other Phony Crises|I'm not important, having a child is not an amazing feat, and my child, while extraordinarily important to and beloved by her parents, is not particularly special in the scheme of things.
|Before you start working hard on your goals and dreams, be very sure that you have the right information. Working hard on the wrong plan or information would never take you anywhere. Learn from the great people that came before you.
Santosh Kalwar, I Am Dead Man Alive|O rose, you look sick.O rose, wake up and sing.
Caroline Knapp, Appetites: Why Women Want|I once tried to give him a friendly little "drugs chat". He politely corrected me on every single fact, then said he'd noticed I drank above the recommended guidelines of Red Bull and did I think I might have an addiction? That was the last time I tried to act like the older sister.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|When a man sees a dying animal, horror comes over him: that which he himself is, his essence, is obviously being annihilated before his eyes--is ceasing to be. But when the dying one is a person, and a beloved person, then, besides a sense of horror at the annihilation of life, there is a feeling of severance and a spiritual wound which, like a physical wound, sometimes kills and sometimes heals, but always hurts and fears any external, irritating touch.
Beverly Engel, The Emotionally Abusive Relationship: How to Stop Being Abused and How to Stop Abusing|Numbers remained consistent. Numbers and facts attempted to bring order from a chaotic world, to make sense of the impossible. They were the foundation for colossal structures and the tiniest of clockwork machines alike. Ari loved numbers, and not just because they saved her life by keeping her alert in her surroundings.
Jazmeen Osae-Kwapong|You haven't learned anything, until you've read a good book.
Ian McDonald, Empress of the Sun|The castle of Enysfarne was a dark and towering force that hovered over what was left of my innocence. It contained my destiny, of that I had no doubt whatsoever; a fate that threatened to wipe the blush off my face and turn me into the man my father always wanted me to be... Veronica Somerset, Dragonfly.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Lem glowered. "Your lion friends ride into some village, take all the food and every coin they find, and call it foraging. the wolves as well, so why not us? no one robbed you, dog. You just been good and foraged.
Mia Ross, Jingle Bell Romance|So you cast yourself aside in advance? To save yourself some hurt, you hurt yourself? What kind of way is that to live?'She shrugged one shoulder. 'A safe way?'He released a gusty laugh. 'Is that what you call safe? It's not a safe way, Sparrow, it's a pathetic and lonely way. Sparrow, sometimes life is scary. Get over it, and live.
Michael Douglas|Awkwardness gives me great comfort. I've never been cool, but I've felt cool. I've been in the cool place, but I wasn't really cool - I was trying to pass for hip or cool. It's the awkwardness that's nice.
Freddy Sipho Mahhumane|I have come to the conclusion that some people come in your life as blessings, others come in your life as lessons.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|His left eyebrow crept higher and higher as I told him the strange bits like the glowing letters and serpent staff. "Well, Sadie," Inspector Williams said. "You've got quite an imagination." "I'm not lying, Inspector. And I think your eyebrow is trying to escape." He tried to look at his own eyebrows, then scowled.
P.G. Wodehouse, Plum Pie|It would take more than long-stemmed roses to change my view that you're a despicable cowardy custard and a disgrace to a proud family. Your ancestors fought in the Crusades and were often mentioned in despatches, and you cringe like a salted snail at the thought of appearing as Santa Claus before an audience of charming children who wouldn't hurt a fly. It's enough to make an aunt turn her face to the wall and give up the struggle.
Benjamin Franklin|I didn't fail the test, I just found 100 ways to do it wrong.
Chris Hardwick|No human ever became interesting by not failing. The more you fail and recover and improve, the better you are as a person. Ever meet someone who’s ALWAYS had EVERYTHING work out for them with ZERO struggle? They usually have the depth of a puddle. Or they don’t exist.
Don Zimmer|And now let me address all of you, high and low, rich and poor, one with another, to accept of mercy and grace while it is offered to you; Now is the accepted time, now is the day of salvation; and will you not accept it, now it is offered unto you?
Emily Wing Smith, Back When You Were Easier to Love|I guess the whole world is made up of things coming together and things falling apart,
Marcel Duchamp|All this twaddle, the existence of God, atheism, determinism, liberation, societies, death, etc., are pieces of a chess game called language, and they are amusing only if one does not preoccupy oneself with 'winning or losing this game of chess.
Philip Schultz, Failure|I could take a walk with my wife and try to explain the ghosts I can't stop speaking to. Or I could read all those books piling upabout the beginning of the end of understanding...Meanwhile, it's such a beautiful morning,the changing colors, the hypnotic light.I could sit by the window watching the leaves,which seem to know exactly how to fallfrom one moment to the next. Or I could loseeverything and have to begin over again.
Kwame Anthony Appiah|If he could be hard on kings and cabinets, he was invariably kind to his colleagues.
Scaachi Koul|Because this is Beth's fight, and that's what fathers do for their little girls,' he said.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|That's why I've just gone on … collecting this particular kind of stuff – what you might call riff-raff. There's not a book here, Lawford, that hasn't at least a glimmer of the real thing in it – just Life, seen through a living eye, and felt. As for literature, and style, and all that gallimaufry, don't fear for them if your author has the ghost of a hint of genius in his making.
Todd Gitlin|Every American soldier wants as much public support as he can possibly have. That's the soldiers on duty in Iraq, and that's me, as well. We fight better knowing that our people back home support us, back us, and understand what we're doing. It's hugely important.
Elizabeth   Taylor|I don't entirely approve of some of the things I have done, or am, or have been. But I'm me. God knows, I'm me.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|My wisdom is as spurned as chaos. What is my nothingness, compared to the amazement that awaits you?
Sunday Adelaja|If you desire to be rich with joy, you have to be truly dedicated to God and His work
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|Silence is of different kinds, and breathes different meanings.
Daniela Pestova|When you awaken some morning and hear that somebody or other has been discovered, you can put it down as a fact that he discovered himself years ago - since that time he has been toiling, working, and striving to make himself worthy of general discovery.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|LXXVSo are you to my thoughts as food to life,Or as sweet-season'd showers are to the ground;And for the peace of you I hold such strifeAs 'twixt a miser and his wealth is found.Now proud as an enjoyer, and anonDoubting the filching age will steal his treasure;Now counting best to be with you alone,Then better'd that the world may see my pleasure:Sometime all full with feasting on your sight,And by and by clean starved for a look;Possessing or pursuing no delightSave what is had, or must from you be took. Thus do I pine and surfeit day by day, Or gluttoning on all, or all away.
Richard G. Scott|That's not the part of the story that I'm interested in, anyway. The part that I'm interested in is all the personal stuff. I tried to base the powers on family archetypes.
Kelley Armstrong, Omens|Isaac stopped her at the bottom of the stairs with a crooked smile. "I would wish you sweet dreams, but how can they be memorable if I won't be in them?
Amy Matayo, The Whys Have It|Don't let the whys have it. Don't let them take advantage of you. They'll crush your heart and steal your peace and mess with your mind and wrap around you so tight you won't be able to breathe. Don't le the whys ruin your life, child. Every time they try to sneak up, push them aside and move forward.
John D. Rockefeller|There's something peculiar about writing fiction. It requires an interesting balance between seeing the world as a child and having the wisdom of a middle-aged person. The further you get from childhood and the experience of the teenage years, the greater the danger of losing that wellspring.
Wendy Owens, The Guardians Crown Part One|I will probably die a misunderstood virgin like Ophelia in HAMLET, only I won't do it by floating down a stream, singing my own mad song. They'll just find me here, on my bed, on a weekend night, my dead body slumped over a homework assignment.Hopefully they'll discover me before Teeny eats my remains.
Susan McCutcheon, Natural Childbirth the Bradley Way|Among industrialized countries, the U.S. ranks 29th in infant survival.
Iain Banks, Complicity|If humanism were right in declaring that man is born to be happy, he would not be born to die. Since his body is doomed to die, his task on earth evidently must be of a more spiritual nature. It cannot the unrestrained enjoyment of everyday life. It cannot be the search for the best ways to obtain material goods and then cheerfully get the most out of them. It has to be the fulfillment of a permanent, earnest duty so that one's life journey may become an experience of moral growth, so that one may leave life a better human being than one started it. It is imperative to review the table of widespread human values. Its present incorrectness is astounding. It is not possible that assessment of the President's performance be reduced to the question of how much money one makes or of unlimited availability of gasoline. Only voluntary, inspired self-restraint can raise man above the world stream of materialism.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Lost rights are never regained by appeals to the conscience of the usurpers, but by relentless struggle.... Goats are used for sacrificial offerings and not lions.
Toni Morrison, A Mercy|Selden and Lily stood still, accepting the unreality of the scene as a part of their own dream-like sensations. It would not have surprised them to feel a summer breeze on their faces, or to see the lights among the boughs reduplicated in the arch of a starry sky. The strange solitude about them was no stranger than the sweetness of being alone in it together.
Sadhguru|In searching for himself, he had come to understand that he was defined by selflessness
Preston Sprinkle|From beginning to end, our Christian lives— highs and lows, fasting and fornication— are a tapestry of grace.Charis: God's Scandalous Grace for Us (p. 31).
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|If she is wrong educate her, don't belittle her..
Gudjon Bergmann, The Seven Human Needs: A Practical Guide to Finding Harmony and Balance in Everyday Life|You can tend to a garden every day for 20, 30 or 40 years. But if one day you stop giving it loving attention and care it will rapidly deteriorate. Weeds will start to grow, and in a relatively short period of time the garden will become a jungle. On the other hand, it is much easier to turn things around and start cultivating the garden again if it has flourished in the past. The same is true with the human mind and respectively the actions we take every day. If we cultivate our life with dedication, positive thinking, and consistent actions, it will be much easier to turn away from destructive behavior, however far we stray away from our original course.
Gebby Pradana|With your brain you will be smart, with your heart you will be wise but with both of them you'll be something Awesome for Other peoples
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|A very single fact could emerge into many versions of truth,depends on the number of eyewitnesses and interpretations.
Alan Cooper|For me, it matters that we drive technology as an equalizing force, as an enabler for everyone around the world. Which is why I do want Google to see, push, and invest more in making sure computing is more accessible, connectivity is more accessible.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|In the course of my life I have had pre-pubescent ballerinas; emaciated duchesses, dolorous and forever tired, melomaniac and morphine-sodden; bankers' wives with eyes hollower than those of suburban streetwalkers; music-hall chorus girls who tip creosote into their Roederer when getting drunk...I have even had the awkward androgynes, the unsexed dishes of the day of the *tables d'hote* of Montmartre. Like any vulgar follower of fashion, like any member of the herd, I have made love to bony and improbably slender little girls, frightened and macabre, spiced with carbolic and peppered with chlorotic make-up.Like an imbecile, I have believed in the mouths of prey and sacrificial victims. Like a simpleton, I have believed in the large lewd eyes of a ragged heap of sickly little creatures: alcoholic and cynical shop girls and whores. The profundity of their eyes and the mystery of their mouths... the jewellers of some and the manicurists of others furnish them with *eaux de toilette*, with soaps and rouges. And Fanny the etheromaniac, rising every morning for a measured dose of cola and coca, does not put ether only on her handkerchief.It is all fakery and self-advertisement - *truquage and battage*, as their vile argot has it. Their phosphorescent rottenness, their emaciated fervour, their Lesbian blight, their shop-sign vices set up to arouse their clients, to excite the perversity of young and old men alike in the sickness of perverse tastes! All of it can sparkle and catch fire only at the hour when the gas is lit in the corridors of the music-halls and the crude nickel-plated decor of the bars. Beneath the cerise three-ply collars of the night-prowlers, as beneath the bulging silks of the cyclist, the whole seductive display of passionate pallor, of knowing depravity, of exhausted and sensual anaemia - all the charm of spicy flowers celebrated in the writings of Paul Bourget and Maurice Barres - is nothing but a role carefully learned and rehearsed a hundred times over. It is a chapter of the MANCHON DE FRANCINE read over and over again, swotted up and acted out by ingenious barnstormers, fully conscious of the squalid salacity of the male of the species, and knowledgeable in the means of starting up the broken-down engines of their customers.To think that I also have loved these maleficent and sick little beasts, these fake Primaveras, these discounted Jocondes, the whole hundred-franc stock-in-trade of Leonardos and Botticellis from the workshops of painters and the drinking-dens of aesthetes, these flowers mounted on a brass thread in Montparnasse and Levallois-Perret!And the odious and tiresome travesty - the corsetted torso slapped on top of heron's legs, painful to behold, the ugly features primed by boulevard boxes, the fake Dresden of Nina Grandiere retouched from a medicine bottle, complaining and spectral at the same time - of Mademoiselle Guilbert and her long black gloves!...Have I now had enough of the horror of this nightmare! How have I been able to tolerate it for so long?The fact is that I was then ignorant even of the nature of my sickness. It was latent in me, like a fire smouldering beneath the ashes. I have cherished it since... perhaps since early childhood, for it must always have been in me, although I did not know it!
Courtney Milan, Unlocked|Over the years, everyone stumbles. That's why I'll be here for you — and you'll be there for me. I don't expect perfection. I want you, and you're a thousand times better.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermione's arms. Running at Ron, she flung them around his neck and kissed him full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick he was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that he lifted Hermione off her feet. "Is this the moment?" Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, he raised his voice. "OI! There's a war going on here!" Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other. "I know, mate," said Ron, who looked as though he had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, "so it's now or never, isn't it?" "Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?" Harry shouted. "D'you think you could just --- just hold it in, until we've got the diadem?" "Yeah --- right --- sorry ---" said Ron, and he and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, both pink in the face.
David Novak|I was never any good in the school theatrical productions. I always got a role like the March Hare. A Latin teacher told me I might make a good actress, and that stuck in my memory.
Soman Chainani, Quests for Glory|A leader whose speech is prepared by others is not a leader; he is just an empty and stupid bottle! Use your own ideas and your own brain; write your own speech, just like Gandhi, Churchill or Nehru! That is indeed a good ethics and a good honour!
Gloria E. Gherardi|I love writing, but I would be able to love it more if that love wasn’t motivated by fear of homelessness.
Ufuoma Apoki|Honestly, the point is I no more expect you to acknowledge or respect my feelings, there ends your story! HAPPY ME!
Guy Mankowski|Those are big collisions, Hally. They make for a lot of bruises. People get hurt in all that bumping, and we're sick and tired of it now. It's been going on for too long. Are we never going to get it right?...Learn to dance life like champions instead of always being just a bunch of beginners at it?
Kate Atkinson|What would I put in my bottom drawer? – I would put only sharp objects, the clean lines of broken glass, the honed steel of paring knives, the tiny saw-teeth of bread knives and the soothing edges of razor blades, I weigh knives in my hands like strange comforters.
Sabrina K|I am only my money. It is all anyone sees, even Adam.
Pearl Cleage, Just Wanna Testify|Any time your life is at stake and you can't find even one woman to come forward and say, 'This is a good man,' your problem isn't what kind of woman THEY are. Your problem is what kind of men YOU are.
Katee Sackhoff|The first two lessons, which we learned early in our efforts to be good member missionaries, have made sharing the Gospel much easier: We simply can't predict who will or won't be interested in the Gospel, and building a friendship is not a prerequisite to inviting people to learn about the Gospel.
Alex Kudera, Fight for Your Long Day|From where would failed Americans leap if all of our towering buildings were razed to the ground? He envisions inflated airfares to Niagara Falls; renewed interest in the nations dams and gorges; long lines at the Grand Canyon, potential suicides being asked to take a numbered ticket, to wait their turn. Couldn't Al Qaeda see that we are killing our own well enough? Competitive society creates deep-rooted feelings of failure. On our own we succeed at self-termination; America needs no foreign aid from these murderers.
Craig M. Mullaney, The Unforgiving Minute: A Soldier's Education|Question the answers, I repeated every class. Reevaluate your conclusions when the evidence changes.
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|In the busyness of living, he is the kind of man that makes a woman pause and write romantic poetry.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|And when his head slumped forward into his book, she giggled, for she knew that he was hers.
Olivia Williams|As my family story shows, Latinos have been a blessing for USA for many generations. The future of America depends in part on the success of the Latino community, and this opportunity is just one more signifier of that.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Someone has said that death is not a period, but a comma in the story of life.
Elise Bauman|How you identify or what you prefer in the bedroom does not define your goals, dreams or interests, and has no baring on who you are as a human being, You don’t need to dress or behave a certain way because of your sexual orientation if you don’t want to. Trust that there are groups and resources out there that will support you no matter what. I know that I certainly appreciate all of my fans equally!
Adrienne Rich|I keep coming back to you in my head, but you couldn't know that, and I have no carbons
Sunday Adelaja|Personal Responsibility is something that you should do because it is morally right, legally required, etc.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|Badger hates Society, and invitations, and dinner, and all that sort of thing.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|After that, I became kind of fascinated by her and by what I guessed was her ability to hear music in the silence. Back then, I'd wanted to be able to do that, too. So I took to watching her play, and though I told myself the reason for my attention was because she was as dedicated a musician as I was and that she was cute, the truth was that I also wanted to understand what she heard in the silence.
Debasish Mridha|The more you love, the more you give, the more you get.
Kelley Armstrong, The Rising|Of the Phoenix kids, the one Derek got along best with was Daniel. In him, Daniel had found a good sparring partner. And a plotting partner, too. Derek wasn’t just the biggest and strongest in our group. He was also the smartest. Scary, off-the-charts smart. That intimidated Daniel a little at first—he’s bright, but he needs to work for his grades. But Derek wasn’t a show-off or a know-it-all, so they got past that and we would hang out together, the two guys, Chloe, and I planning and plotting our future, bouncing ideas off one another.
Lauren Gilley, Fearless|One summer at the fag end of the nineties, I had to go out of London to talk to a literary society, of the sort that must have been old-fashioned when the previous century closed. When the day came, I wondered why I'd agreed to it; but yes is easier than no, and of course when you make a promise you think the time will never arrive: that there will be a nuclear holocaust, or something else diverting.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|I came to the conclusion that unrealized hopes, even small ones, were always wrenching.
Ronald E. Osborn|Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow.
Idries Shah, Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study|When prayer, rituals and ascetic life are just a means of self-indulgence, they are harmful rather than beneficial. This is quite obvious to people nowadays, when it is widely recognised that fixations are not the same as valuable and laudable observances. One should not pray if that prayer is vanity; rituals are wrong when they provide lower satisfactions, like emotional stimulus instead of enlightenment; he or she should not be an ascetic who is only enjoying it.
T. Archman|Of what avail are my loftiest thoughts if I have ceased to exist?” there are some will ask; to whom others, it may be, will answer, “What becomes of myself if all that I love in my heart and my spirit must die, that my life may be saved?” And are not almost all the morals, and heroism, and virtue of man summed up in that single choice?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Happiness is the consequence of personal effort. You fight for it, strive for it, insist upon it, and sometimes even travel around the world looking for it. You have to participate relentlessly in the manifestations of your own blessings. And once you have achieved a state of happiness, you must never become lax about maintaining it, you must make a mighty effort to keep swimming upward into that happiness forever, to stay afloat on top of it. If you don’t, you will leak away your innate contentment. It’s easy enough to pray when you’re in distress but continuing to pray even when your crisis has passed is like a sealing process, helping your soul hold tight to its good attainments.
Robert Barr, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|I do not believe that I am a vindictive man, but when the immortal gods take a hand in the matter it is pardonable to observe the results with complacency.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|There are abusive individuals whose worst little demons are greed, sloth,envy, gluttony, pride and wrath enslaved by their god which is money. They usually set their false assumptions, wrong judgments, gossips and lies forceful than the ones who hold the truth but what they missed out is that the victims of their aggressions, the targets of their wrong accusations and the recipients of their repetitive harassments carry what is truly essential and what lives longer, that is: truth and goodness, both of which shall always prevail against their vicious, evil manners.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Three great actions: To do what is right, To love mercy, and To walk humbly with Yahweh.
Karl Pilkington|The writer must earn money in order to be able to live and to write, but he must by no means live and write for the purpose of making money.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|Why she was the happy one when she was dying, and I just can't seem to manage anything when I'm living.
Shannon L. Alder|Nobody knows what God's plan is for your life, but a whole lot of people will guess for you if you let them.
kundhan karunakar|More than Gyms, we need centers where we can exercise how to be grateful for things we have & we got, which will add life to our life.
Ben Stein|What people recognize is that there's a fear that the United States is in an unstoppable decline. They see the rise of China, the rise of India, the rise of the Soviet Union and our loss militarily going forward.
Abhijit Naskar|There is no force in the universe that can harm you, unless you allow it to.
Alan Lightman, Einstein's Dreams|Events, once happened, lose reality, alter with a glance, a storm, a night. In time, the past never happened. But who could know? Who could know that the past is not as solid as this instant…
Thomas R. Insel|To fix India's healthcare scenario, what is most needed is 'systems thinking.' For far too long, India has followed a vertical approach in its health sector, which translated into disease-specific national programmes being set up.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Just give me a bit, let me pretend you're still alive," Andrei said hoarsely. "Let me pretend that I don't have to give you up.""Andrei," Warm, calloused hands cupped Anrei's face. "Look at me. I'm real. I'm still with you. A part of me will always be with you. Even after I go through that doorway.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|The real reason that nonviolence is considered to be a virtue in Negroes— I am not speaking now of its racial value, another matter altogether— is that white men do not want their lives, their self-image, or their property threatened. One wishes they would say so more often.
Ma Jun|China has leapfrogged into this information age, and Web users have grown very significantly, which knocked down the cost of doing the environmental transparency.
Socrates|The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
Akshay Vasu|They lit her wings with the flames, but she raised to the sky soaring over the clouds until the whole sky caught fire. She flew staring at the destruction with her cold eyes, while the clouds came down as the balls of fire and burnt everyone, who tried to take her wings away into ashes.
Robert Rowland Smith, Breakfast with Socrates: An Extraordinary (Philosophical) Journey Through Your Ordinary Day|My dear Watson, you as a medical man are continually gaining light as to the tendencies of a child by the study of the parents. Don't you see that the converse is equally valid. I have frequently gained my first real insight into the character of parents by studying their children.”—Sherlock Holmes, “The Adventure of the Copper Beeches
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|But let us be sure of something. We are not sheep. This government is ours, and it is meant to serve our best interests. And if it has grown into something it shouldn't be, and shucked off the rules of the Constitution it was based on, then it is our responsibility to rein it back in.
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|Every good story needs a good, bad and lost soul. A people to fight for, an item to turn the tide of battle, an enigmatic character, a motivator/mentor, and an unlikely reluctant hero.
Amanda Linsmeier, Beach Glass & Other Broken Things|There was beauty in chaos, she'd just never known it before.
Kamand Kojouri|For all these stars,nothing is new.They’ve seen all kinds of warsand miracles, too.They know the messengers with their holy bookswill smile and wash their hands in blood.They know the politicians with their good lookswill make the poor eat pies of mud.They’ve seen the Earth freeze and then burn with greed.They’ve seen the treesand the seas emptied.Yet, you won’t hear their sneerswhen a man arrivesand, having experienced a number of years,proclaims: 'I have lived!'Because nothing is new under these stars:the lies, the love, the memories and scars, the ruin, the revolution, the fakes and true,the families, the friends, none of it is new.All of it—even the me and you.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|Insatiable is my desire for you, Insane is my love you,Limitless are my boundaries for you, True are my feelings for you,Wildest are my imaginations for you, Intense is my passion for you,Soul is my offering for you, Commitment is my promise to you,
Deepak Chopra & Menas C. Kafatos, You Are the Universe|... it should be remembered that the atomicity of electric charge has already found its expression in the specific numerical value of the fine structure constant, a theoretical understanding of which is still missing today.
Jeffrey Kluger|Maybe our best family trip started at Victoria Falls, which drenches you with spray and is so vast that it makes Niagara Falls seem like a backyard creek. Then we rented a car and made our way to Hwange National Park, which was empty of people but crowded with zebras, giraffes, elephants and more.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Eyes And Heart Are Too Compatible To Each Other. Through Our Eyes, We Capture Moments And Through Our Heart We Relive Those Moments....
Bertrand Russell|There lies before us, if we choose, continual progress in happiness, knowledge and wisdom. Shall we instead choose death, because we cannot forget our quarrels? I appeal as a human being to human beings; remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|For his part, Mendeleev scanned Lecoq de Boisbaudran’s data on gallium and told the experimentalist, with no justification, that he must have measured something wrong, because the density and weight of gallium differed from Mendeleev’s predictions. This betrays a flabbergasting amount of gall, but as science philosopher-historian Eric Scerri put it, Mendeleev always “was willing to bend nature to fit his grand philosophical scheme.” The only difference between Mendeleev and crackpottery is that Mendeleev was right: Lecoq de Boisbaudran soon retracted his data and published results that corroborated Mendeleev’s predictions.
David Whyte|When I was in college, I wrote poetry very seriously, and then once I had started writing short stories, I didn't go back to poetry, partially because I felt like I understood how incredibly difficult it was.
Andrew Loomis|One’s skill is never complete, one’s knowledge is forever lacking, one’s taste is invariably altered, one’s opinion ever subject to controversy. There is a complete and constant urge towards improvement.
Anne Enright, The Gathering|Hangovers are a vivid form of vengeance. Last night my apartment became the venue for a small, introverted chardonnay festival. A melancholy choir of Bulgarians provided the entertainment, via a set of headphones that ended up irredeemably tangled beneath the bed. Part of me just watched. The other part was in charge.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|It turns out that the men who ultimately, who unpretentiously value peace are willing to sacrifice their own peace of mind in order to render it. The question is, 'Who, between opposing forces, would do such a thing?' It seems only theoretical albeit true that men who accept an objective rather than subjective moral standard are, in a general sense, more capable of making such sacrifices for the sake of peace.
F.T. McKinstry, Ascarion|Her learning to sew (from a book Yankel brought back from Lvov) coincided with her refusal to wear any clothes that she did not make for herself, and when he bought her a book about animal physiology, she held the pictures to his face and said, "Don’t you think it’s strange, Yankel, how we eat them?""I’ve never eaten a picture.""The animals. Don’t you find that strange? I can’t believe I never found it strange before. It’s like your name, how you don’t notice it for so long, but when you finally do, you can’t help but say it over and over, and wonder why you never thought it was strange that you should have that name, and that everyone has been calling you that name for your whole life.""Yankel. Yankel. Yankel. Nothing so strange for me.""I won’t eat them, at least not until it doesn’t seem strange to me.
Jackson Radcliffe, The Yoga Sutras|In the beginning Dave and Marlene’s relationship had been fantastic. The sex was amazing. There were other good things too of course, but Dave couldn't always remember exactly what they were. But the sex had been off the scale.
Amit Kalantri|Majority wins, but majority is not necessarily right and sometimes majority is awfully wrong.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Authenticity is the litmus test for the honesty, transparency, and trust which are necessary for healthy relationships.
B.K.S. Iyengar|Without yoga, my breast cancer experience would have been much more difficult. The trust, courage and strength one develops through the practice of yoga will set anyone up to face life's most challenging experiences. I've heard folks say «Oh, I don't do yoga.» Give yoga a chance, and you will find that it's so much more than pretzel poses. Yoga is about finding your own balance in our crazy, tempestuous times. It's about standing tall with confidence even when the winds of your world are swirling around you.
Jessica Cluess, A Poison Dark and Drowning|Somebody's been feeding the boy fables. Probably the king's niece. Humph. Nice girl. Too many romantic notions, though.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|Their manipulation is psychological and emotionally devastating – and very dangerous, especially considering the brain circuitry for emotional and physical pain are one and the same (Kross, 2011). What a victim feels when they are punched in the stomach can be similar to the pain a victim feels when they are verbally and emotionally abused, and the effects of narcissistic abuse can be crippling and long-lasting, even resulting in symptoms of PTSD or Complex PTSD.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|They had no conversation together, no intercourse but what the commonest civility required. Once so much to each other! Now nothing! There had been a time, when of all the large party now filling the drawing-room at Uppercross, they would have found it most difficult to cease to speak to one another. With the exception, perhaps, of Admiral and Mrs. Croft, who seemed particularly attached and happy, (Anne could allow no other exception even among the married couples) there could have been no two hearts so open, no tastes so simliar, no feelings so in unison, no countenances so beloved. Now they were as strangers; nay, worse than strangers, for they could never become aquainted. It was a perpetual estrangement.
Derrick Rose|Sometimes you have got to look at things really positively - without putting your head in the sand, you have got to manage the negatives and keep putting a positive slant on it, keep trying to find answers.
J. Lynn, Wait for You|Still here, Faulkner?" Luke sneered."Still doing that terrible impression of Draco Malfoy?" I asked.
Annie Dillard, The Abundance: Narrative Essays Old and New|I think that the dying pray at the last not "please," but "thank you," as a guest thanks his host at the door. Falling from airplanes the people are crying thank you, thank you, all the way down the air; and the cold carriages draw up for them on the rocks.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Recent generations seem to consider ‘old-fashioned’ thinking as out-dated and without place in the modern world. I beg to differ. After all, who has greater faith? He who looks to and learns from the past, or the man who cares not for consequence?
Gore Vidal, Julian|Even a child could see the division between what the Galileans [i.e., Christians] say they believe and what, in fact, they do believe, as demonstrated by their actions. A religion of brotherhood and mildness which daily murders those who disagree with its doctrines can only be thought hypocrite, or worse.
Geoffrey Chaucer, The Parliament of Birds|The lyf so short, the craft so long to lerne.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|He had a collection of science-fiction films on DVD and Blu-ray discs, and although he said he’d seen most of them before, Caitlin was surprised to discover how many of the cases were still shrink-wrapped. “Why’d you buy them if you weren’t going to watch them?” she asked. He looked at the tall, thin cabinets that contained the movies and seemed to ponder the question. “My childhood was on sale,” he said at last, “so I bought it.
Michael Greger|I love fitness, yoga. I love fashion. On the weekends, I try to relax. I have pretty crazy weeks. I like spas and nice dinners. I'm not much of a club person. I like to hang on the beach in Malibu.
Liz Braswell, As Old as Time|Suddenly revenge is so close he can actually taste it. It tastes like steak, rare.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|We are changing all the time and this never changes.It is not whether we change, it is how much and in what direction we change. These choices are ours can only be made by us
William H. Gass|I am beginning to worry that my speech is becoming a rather incomprehensible mixture of a Victorian woman, an Australian Beach Bum and a Laddish city boy
Magda Alexander, Storm Conquered|She’s lying on her bed reading. Not a girlie magazine, but a technical journal of some kind going by the cover. She’s bathed and changed into another delectable baby doll, a black one this time, which shows more skin than the one from the night before. So, of course, my cock rises to the occasion. Damn.
Lisa See|I don't know if I've ever been in a clique. The older I've gotten, the more I've realized what a true friend really is. So my friendship circle has changed a bit.
Weam Namou, Healing Wisdom for a Wounded World: My Life-Changing Journey Through a Shamanic School: Book 1|The people who encouraged you to change will oftentimes, after you change, accuse you of having changed.
Mary Schmich|Enjoy the power and beauty of your youth; oh nevermind; you will not understand the power and beauty of your youth until they have faded. But trust me, in 20 years you’ll look back at photos of yourself and recall in a way you can’t grasp now how much possibility lay before you and how fabulous you really looked….You’re not as fat as you imagine. Don’t worry about the future; or worry, but know that worrying is as effective as trying to solve an algebra equation by chewing bubblegum. The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never crossed your worried mind; the kind that blindside you at 4pm on some idle Tuesday. Do one thing everyday that scares you Sing Don’t be reckless with other people’s hearts, don’t put up with people who are reckless with yours. Floss Don’t waste your time on jealousy; sometimes you’re ahead, sometimes you’re behind…the race is long, and in the end, it’s only with yourself. Remember the compliments you receive, forget the insults; if you succeed in doing this, tell me how. Keep your old love letters, throw away your old bank statements. Stretch Don’t feel guilty if you don’t know what you want to do with your life…the most interesting people I know didn’t know at 22 what they wanted to do with their lives, some of the most interesting 40 year olds I know still don’t. Get plenty of calcium. Be kind to your knees, you’ll miss them when they’re gone. Maybe you’ll marry, maybe you won’t, maybe you’ll have children,maybe you won’t, maybe you’ll divorce at 40, maybe you’ll dance the funky chicken on your 75th wedding anniversary…what ever you do, don’t congratulate yourself too much or berate yourself either – your choices are half chance, so are everybody else’s. Enjoy your body, use it every way you can…don’t be afraid of it, or what other people think of it, it’s the greatest instrument you’ll ever own.. Dance…even if you have nowhere to do it but in your own living room. Read the directions, even if you don’t follow them. Do NOT read beauty magazines, they will only make you feel ugly. Get to know your parents, you never know when they’ll be gone for good. Be nice to your siblings; they are the best link to your past and the people most likely to stick with you in the future. Understand that friends come and go,but for the precious few you should hold on. Work hard to bridge the gaps in geography and lifestyle because the older you get, the more you need the people you knew when you were young.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|Whether driven by ambition or circumstance, every career gets disrupted.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|The Porto Ricans at Harvard University believe that the crime was a horrible one and it should be punished, but death penalty would add to, and not detract from, its horrors,” the Harvard students wrote. One of the student signatures on the letter was by Pedro Albizu y Campos who would later become a Puerto Rican promoter of ideals for the island’s independence from the United States.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|Don't search dreams in the sky, they need strong footage on the earth.
Tony Hawk|Than Shwe ordered the confiscation of all cell phones and laptops and computers so no reportage could come out of Burma. It seemed clear that a demon, something diabolical, rather than something compassionate and human was in charge of Burma.
Melanie Kilsby|You Don't Need To Be Anyone's Reflection,Neither Do You Need To Be Anyone's Reason For Perfection.If You Find Love,Let It Allow You To Be Yourself,Let It Not Define You.Let It Be The Reason Someone Believes In Love Again,Not The Reason You Smile.Let It Warm Your Heart,And When It Fades Away,Allow It Not Lead You Astray,Let It Go And Never Force It To Stay.Because True Love Neither Dies Nor Leaves,It Stays With Us For The Rest Of Our Lives.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|It is a better world. A place where we ate responsible for our actions, where we can be kind to one another because we want to and becauseit is the right thing to do instead of being frightened into behaving by the threat of divine punishment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you spend time in the presence of God, you will experience everlasting peace and joy.
Bryant McGill|Every word you speak is a prayer, or meditation of reinforcement which creates permanence.
Jim Butcher, Changes|Strange though it is,Sarov still cares about you. He told me to leave you alone. But I think, this time, I must disobey the general. You are mine! And I intend to make you suffer...""Just talking to you makes me suffer," Alex said.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|I don't want to go back to the way I fucking was. I don't want to go back to being alone and having to be nothing but a weapon. I don't want to pretend that I don't--" [Sin] stopped again and realized with a vague sense of humiliation that he was about to display the ultimate form of human weakness. "I can't do it without you," he grit out. "I won't.
Scott Brown|Any man who has $10,000 left when he dies is a failure.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Those things that inspire, enthuse, and compel you should consume your life.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|When you empower your people, your business will grow.
Boniface Sagini, Thrills and Chills: Trudging Through Life|So, the rationale of having written this book is to say an inspiring word to a lot of people who are hurting, crying and sounding defeatist, an inspiring word to millions of people who are living in pain and indigence. I wrote it for a young chap who hopes there is no life after death so that he can finally rest, for a dejected ailing woman who thinks God enjoys torturing her and for some hopeless lad who threatens his friends he’d shoot himself. I wrote it for them and for myself.
Maggie Grace|To me, 'beauty' means to be natural, creative, honest - to say the truth.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|For at some point, each of us will be asked to embody what we feel and know.
Michael J. Kannengieser, The Daddy Rock|Without imagination, writing is a stack of lumber, a sack of nails, and a locked tool shed.
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|What is it about our expectations, plans, or ideas that hold such sway over us? It is as if we've written a script for a play of our lives that runs about a month ahead of actual life; if reality varies from what we've created in our minds we disengage or pout.
Erich Fromm, Man for Himself: An Inquiry into the Psychology of Ethics|I know hate is a strong word and everything, but its okay: we're teenagers.
Alys Arden, The Casquette Girls|As an artist, if your work doesn't inflame at least part of the audience, then you might as well call it quits and sell insurance... The world needs more boundary pushers, not more boundary creators.
Susan Jane Gilman|Those who are most sincere are also the most morally suspect, as well as being incapable of producing or appreciating wit.
Marcel Proust, The Captive: Part 1|My parents are like younger, urchinlike brothers and sisters whose faces are dirty and who blurt out humiliating things that can neither be anticipated nor controlled. I sigh and make the best of it. I feel I’m older than they are, much older. I feel ancient.
Dave Mearns, Person-Centred Therapy Today: New Frontiers in Theory and Practice|In our hearts we know that with a different fate, we, too, could be in the ranks of the dispossessed, stripped of our identities and belonging nowhere. The refugee becomes a sinister symbol of what can quickly happen once personhood is denied and people are transformed into disposable units of contemptible impediments to the greed or power-mongering of others.
Saji Ijiyemi, Don't Die Sitting|Poor is what people become, not what they are born to be.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|You grieve at first. And then slowly, with the yawning of the years, the disappeared gets scraped from your memory, the way your flesh can be peeled from your limbs. It's very harsh and extremely painful. But it gets done, square inch-by-square inch. Until, the skin that is your memory gets completely scarred and numbed. You live. The disappeared is detached from the dermis of remembering. And that is what is known as moving on.
Mia Moore, 22|Middling monsters died at the point of pitchforks, burned with torches, or at the butt of silver-capped canes wielded by angry, geriatric Poles. Middling people were dime-a-dozen, emptied souls, shorn sheeple, human husks. A good monster didn’t worry about what it was doing; it just did it. A true predator didn’t worry about guilt, or being popular, or anything. It just cruised along, living for the kill, surviving. A good person, well, she’d put a bullet in her head or weigh her feet down and throw herself into the Chicago River, holding her breath until she went to the sludgy, filthy bottom, and had to open wide and breathe water until she died.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ can take the most sin-laden, selfish, evil person and bring forgiveness and new life.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|In order to recognize the Truth, you have to separate yourself from the Truth; and to explain the Truth, you have to separate yourself from the recognition. This is why a wordsmithed Truth is nothing but a shadow of the shadow of the Truth. If Buddha had yawned instead of holding up a fower, would that gesture have been any less representative of the Truth?
Tite Kubo|What is this "heart"? If I tear open that chest of yours, will I see it there? If I smash open that skull of yours, will I see it there?~ulquiorra
Auliq Ice|She missed her mum every day, and it never seemed to get any easier - not until she met Dale. He made her life brighter, making it easier for her to leave her troubled past where it belonged, behind her. The pain never went away , but it faded into the background when she was with him.
C.S.  James, Blue Ice|Let's put it like this; men like Berkley, like me, we don't get a no for an answer, a girl who says no is like a... like a unicorn, and we all want to **** the unicorn!
Rebecca McNutt, Mandy and Alecto: The Collected Smog City Book Series|He didn’t remember the very first time he actually died very well. It wasn’t as bad as remediation, but he remembered being afraid and worried… and when he found himself alive again a few hours later with Mearth’s wild green eyes peering down at him, he remembered still being afraid and worried. It was strange, he thought, to be afraid of being alive… but being alive was worse than being dead in his mind.
Marja de Vries, The Whole Elephant Revealed: Insights into the existence and operation of Universal Laws and the Golden Ratio|To calculate 'the' fine structure constant, 1/137, we would need a realistic model of just about everything, and this we do not have. In this talk I want to return to the old question of what it is that determines gauge couplings in general, and try to prepare the ground for a future realistic calculation.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|But, someone, please give me—who is born again but still so much in need of being born anew—give me the details of how to live in the waiting cocoon before the forever begins?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|ACTS OF LOVELove is not a wordOr a thought.It is the name forAn actionThat breathes from its light.What do you DOIn Love's name?And is it only doneOutside In the light?Or with an innerFlameIlluminatingLove'sTRUEName?I want to know.Are your actionsDone by remoteOr withSOUL?And when you sayYou love someone,Does a light go offInside at all?What haveYOUDoneIn theName ofLOVE?Because,Really,I want to know.
Vijay Dhameliya|We often search for the gold in our life but we fail to understand that all glisters are not gold, When we understand our mistake it's too late, So never run after anything, Just wait for the right time to get the best in life.
Dawn Jayne, Uprising|You have no concept of fairness, apart from your desire to have your own way. I suggest you put that notion from your head, because despite what you believe, the realms will not cater to your whims, and neither will I.
Colin Kapp, Patterns Of Chaos|God exists. He has one wicked sense of humor, and right now he’s having a grand old time punking the planet.
Steve Maraboli|Being in a relationship with some people is like pushing a boat through sand. I used to have the time and energy for that kind of nonsense, but not anymore. Relationships should be a wonderful journey of exploration and love; not grinding resistance.
Asanaro, The Secret Art of Seamm Jasani: 58 Movements for Eternal Youth from Ancient Tibet|In the beginning, there was movement.
Patricia Cori, The Emissary|Yes, indeed. San Francisco was the perfect place for a walker between worlds like Jamie Hastings to grow up in. Her soul had chosen wisely before coming in, born to a visionary mother like Amanda, and situated in one of sunny California's most beautiful landscapes.
Angus Stewart, Sandel|Men and women may speak the same language, but we interpret words differently.
JOEL NYARANGI AKOYA|The constant bombardment of the paranormal through media (Reality TV, Movies, Magazines etc.) is desensitizing our understanding of the cosmic warfare that is being waged by Satan.
Oprah Winfrey|Expect the best, prepare for the worst.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Do you know who W.H. Auden was, Mr. Iscariot? W.H. Auden was a poet who once said, “God may reduce you on Judgement Day to tears of shame reciting by heart the poems you would have written had your life been good”…She was my poem, Mr. Iscariot. Her and the kids. But mostly her. You cashed in for silver, Mr. Iscariot. But me? Me…I threw away gold. That’s a fact. That’s a natural fact.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|Evangelicals sometimes expect too much or, to put it more precisely, we look for a kind of change God hasn't promised. It's possible to expect too little, but under-expectation is usually a cynical reaction to dashed hopes for too much. We manage to interpret biblical teaching to support our longing for perfection. As a result, we measure our progress by standards we will never meet until heaven.
Amit Ray|Meditation, education and beauty are the three transforming powers that can change individual and the whole world.
Anthony Bourdain, Medium Raw: A Bloody Valentine to the World of Food and the People Who Cook|Garlic is divine. Few food items can taste so many distinct ways, handled correctly. Misuse of garlic is a crime...Please, treat your garlic with respect...Avoid at all costs that vile spew you see rotting in oil in screwtop jars. Too lazy to peel fresh? You don't deserve to eat garlic.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|When she made her way to the big picture window that framed the dining room table she froze. She stopped breathing. The anger was growing again.It grew up into her throat, where she could taste it, coppery like blood, in the back of her mouth. It grew down into her stomach, where it knotted her intestines. It made her arms stiffen and her shoulders lock. It pushed against her ribs until she felt they would snap like sticks.
R.J. Blain, Inquisitor|Samantha sighed. “Then I’ll get out of the damned car, figure out which wolf in this damnable forest is you, and beat you until you change back. If that doesn’t work, so help me god, I’ll collar your mangy ass and sell you on eBay.
S. Truett Cathy|I have found that I always learn more from my mistakes than from my successes. If you aren't making some mistakes, you aren't taking enough chances.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Two tools are present to us daily; the one to speculate on the journey of life, the one to discern through the journey of life. The former is extends as far as nature does the latter stretches further than the limits of nature.
Rhiannon Thomas, A Wicked Thing|Magic. For the first time, she heard the word and felt a twist in her stomach, a little thrill. Having that kind of power, that kind of influence... it was a wicked thing.
Ann Voskamp|Grace is never out of view. Grace secures our relationship with God despite our sin. Grace maintains our forgiveness despite the inadequacies of our repentance. Grace filters the consequences of sin in order to protect us from spiritual harm. When this grace captures our hearts, it compels us to love and serve the God who provides its lavish, loving, and lasting provisions.
Pope Benedict XVI|Around the time I graduated from high school, I decided better to underachieve and have friendship than to overachieve and be alone.
Anthony Mackie|I like something where I can really use my imagination and be an active participant in the construction of the monster and usually that's in the world of the supernatural or the world of the fantastic, so that's why those kinds of stories about demons and the supernatural appeal to me or maybe I'm really interested in that subject.
Shelly Laurenston, Go Fetch!|I think we're avoiding the most important question here. What matters most. What means the most to men like us." Conall growled at Billy Dunwich's sincere face. "I am not telling you if she swallows."Dunwich smiled. "Just tell me if she's a good girl...or if she's a very good girl?
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|Nothing happens without God’s will, and life doesn’t always go according to plan. Man proposes, God disposes. And it is God’s will that we need to surrender to. In retrospect it usually all makes sense.
Atarah L. Poling, Hidden Light|What am I to do?What is my destiny?I have no idea, not a clueFeeling lost and empty.What is my dream?What is my future?I beg thee to listen to me,I beg thee to answer.
Dorothy L. Sayers|Moral certainty is always a sign of cultural inferiority. The more uncivilized the man, the surer he is that he knows precisely what is right and what is wrong. All human progress, even in morals, has been the work of men who have doubted the current moral values, not of men who have whooped them up and tried to enforce them. The truly civilized man is always skeptical and tolerant, in this field as in all others. His culture is based on "I am not too sure.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|The populace consists of individuals and free men, while the state is made up of numbers. When the state dominates, killing becomes abstract. Servitude began with the shepherds; in the river valleys it attained perfection with canals and dikes. Its model was the slavery in mines and mills. Since then, the ruses for concealing chains have been refined.
Amitav Ghosh, Countdown|Most people around here prefer undead drivers, so I never get a chance to make any money on steady contracts.
Sunday Adelaja|A great voice is a unique instrument, not to sound like another instrument, but to be played like one.
Andy Crouch, Culture Making: Recovering Our Creative Calling|In this world, this life, "flow" [the times when our work or play so absorbs and attunes our energies that we lose track of time] comes to an end. The canvas is dry, the fugue is complete, the band plays the tag one more time and then resolves on the final chord. And, too, the book is finished, the service is over, the lights go up in the darkened theater and we emerge blinking into the bright lights of the "real world." But what if the timeless, creative world we had glimpsed is really the real world -- and it is precisely its reality that gave it such power to captivate us for a while? What if our ultimate destiny is that moment of enjoyment and engagement we glimpse in the artist's studio?
lauren klarfeld|His other hand finds my cheek, and he wipes away my tears with his thumb. The chocolate scent overwhelms me as he bends over and whispers in my ear, “No, Cassie. No, no, no.”I throw my arm around his neck and press his dry cheek against my wet one. I’m shaking like an epileptic, and for the first time I can feel the weight of the quilts on the top of my toes because the blinding dark sharpens your other senses.I’m a bubbling stew of random thoughts and feelings. I’m worried my hair might smell. I want some chocolate. This guy holding me—well, it’s more like I was holding him—has seen me in all my naked glory. What did he think about my body? What did I think about my body? Does God really care about promises? Do I really care about God? Are miracles something like the Red Sea parting or more like Evan Walker finding me locked in a block of ice in a wilderness of white?“Cassie, it’s going to be okay,” he whispers into my ear, chocolate breath.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|I think life is a lot different for alternative kids nowadays. Texting and the internet mean that being a Goth or something means you're part of a big social scene, it's an inclusive thing. Back then, we all just went our different ways in the afterglow,wishing each other all the best with the next ten years of bullying.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|After my mom died she ate my father up completely. She would have hated it. Every minute of his life since then has been marked by her absence, every action has lacked dimension because she is not there to measure against. And when I was young I didn't understand, but now, I know, how absence can be present, like a damaged nerve, like a dark bird. If I had to live on without you I know I could not do it. But I hope, I have this vision of you walking unencumbered, with your shining hair in the sun. I have not seen this with my eyes, but only with my imagination, that makes pictures, that always wanted to paint you, shining; but I hope that this vision will be true, anyway.
L.A. Kragie, Vampire Chimeras|I’ll give you one chance to run,but may your shoulder always whisper in your ear…“It’s best to watch out for men, like me.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Feeling bad is not the problem.The problem is that we feel bad about feeling bad.Once you begin to let go of feeling bad about feeling bad,and start feeling better about feeling bad,then pretty soon you'll just feel better.And then you'll feel awesome.
David G. McAfee|The maker of the stars would rather die for you than live without you. And that is a fact. So if you need to brag, brag about that.
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|She was willing a little bit of sweated labour, incapable of betraying the slogan of her slavers, that since the customer or sucker was paying for his gutrot ten times what it cost to produce and five times what it cost to fling in his face, it was only reasonable to defer to his complaints up to but not exceeding fifty per cent of his exploitation.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, Solitude of Self|Whatever the theories may be of woman’s dependence on man, in the supreme moments of her life he can not bear her burdens. Alone she goes to the gates of death to give life to every man that is born into the world. No one can share her fears, no one can mitigate her pangs; and if her sorrow is greater than she can bear, alone she passes beyond the gates into the vast unknown.
Ahmed Mostafa|Thank you for undusting my true colors; or color: black... Oh, how I missed the darkness!
Garry Shandling|You see, that's another thing that my parents gave me: an enormously great sense of humor.
Crystal Renn, Hungry: A Young Model's Story of Appetite, Ambition, and the Ultimate Embrace of Curves|Secrets had an immense attraction to him, because he never could keep one, and he enjoyed the sort of unhallowed thrill he experienced when he went and told another animal, after having faithfully promised not to.
Pamela Clare, Unlawful Contact|It’s not so much where I want you,Sophie, as it is how. Nothing tastes quite like a woman, and no woman tastes like you. - Marc Hunter
Natalie Gulbis|In the past few years, we've been doing amazing stuff with desserts. Pastry chefs have been using herbs and spices in their desserts. So vanilla cake doesn't have to be just vanilla, it can have a little thyme. Or you could have a custard with a little lavender in it, which is just amazing.
Susan Andersen, Be My Baby|I've been a perfect lady my entire life, and somebody just tried to shoot me, anyway. Grandmother was wrong. Goodness is not its own reward.
Virginia Woolf|The poetry of this one is called philosophical, of that one philological, of a third rhetorical, and so on. Which is then the poetic poetry?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can actually overcome all the limitations of life and achieve your dreams, if you don't give up too early.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|God loves us, but the devil takes an interest.
B. Kristin McMichael, The Legend of the Blue Eyes|Hey, can you teach me the word for friend that you wrote on my 
Dan Brown|Saving faith is an immediate relation to Christ, accepting, receiving, resting upon Him alone, for justification, sanctification, and eternal life by virtue of God's grace.
Sujayendra|Everything you can imagine,is real.
J.L. Clayton, A Spark of Magic|Oh. C’mon, pretty girl. I like it when ya scream.” The leader breathed into my ear. I spat as good as I could on his hand. He jumped back glaring. I said, “Funny. You like it when I scream? Yet you cover my mouth!” I laughed then winced.
Katie Reus, Love Thy Enemy|He couldn't live in a world with her and not have her in his life. Nope. Not happening.	"You're mine," he growled against her swollen lips. The words came out guttural as he held back the urge to slam into her.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Enlightenment is not about attaining an ultimate level of intelligence or intellect. It is regained by shedding all the ideas, illusion and binds thrust on you and that you then so readily accrue.
Anatole France|Don't change your morality for the people around you, change the people around you with your morality.
Stephen Rea|Show me a smile, and I'll show you one back.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|To forgive is wisdom, to forget is genius. And easier. Because it's true. It's a new world every heart beat.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Crack-Up|The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function.
Dianne Harman Cornered Coyote|I'd never opened up the gas station if it had been someone else, but I know Tucker's fond of you. It's a shame you don't keep in touch with the old man.
Eddie  Capparucci|It is important to announce your intentions at top volume, she thought, or your intentions will think you are ashamed of them.
Charles Lamb|What finally is beauty? Certainly nothing that can be calculated or measured. It is always something imponderable, something that lies between things.
Leo Tolstoy|Without prayer, without faith in the Almighty, the civil rights movement would have been like a bird without wings.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|How dare you come into my home? And hurt my family? I ought to tear your throat out right here, right now!
Joshua Loth Liebman, Peace of Mind: Insights on Human Nature That Can Change Your Life|Star Trek was an attempt to say that humanity will reach maturity and wisdom on the day that it begins not just to tolerate, but take a special delight in differences in ideas and differences in life forms. […] If we cannot learn to actually enjoy those small differences, to take a positive delight in those small differences between our own kind, here on this planet, then we do not deserve to go out into space and meet the diversity that is almost certainly out there.
Robert M. Drake|I kept loving and loving and loving. Every waking hour, I marveled on how these moments would make made me feel. I wanted to love the world and be the change it so deliciously craved.
Ezra Pound|I believe that music is a force in itself. It is there and it needs an outlet, a medium. In a way, we are just the medium.
Benjamin Spock|My sister travels with me, and she's the person who keeps me in line, whether I like it or not. I trust her and also have a good, healthy fear of her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have found that most young people really want us to spell out a moral code. They may not accept it or believe it, but they want to hear it, clearly and without compromise.
Debasish Mridha|Money is an important tool for modern life. Money will not make you happy, but you can use money wisely to enhance your happiness.
Joanna Russ, The Female Man|In my opinion, questions that are based on something real ought to be settled by something real without all this damned lazy miserable drifting
Jack Kerouac, Tristessa|You know what a storyteller is, don't you? It's a person that has a good memory who hopes other people don't.
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|The journey to faith is the most marvelous and sobering of all journeys, for the transformation of one’s heart transforms the questions one asks, the values one holds, the world one perceives, and the life one lives.
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|It bothered me that he was right. Without Sir Stuart's intervention, I'd have been dead again already.That's right--you heard me: dead again already.I mean, come on. How screwed up is your life (after- or otherwise) when you find yourself needing phrases like that?
Edgar Rice Burroughs, Tarzan of the Apes|nothing is lifelesswhen the moon writes its screedon the silvern sand silence-From the poem:"The Universe In Blossom
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Simon," said a voice at his shoulder, and he turned to see Izzy, her face a pale smudge between dark hair and dark cloak, looking at him, her expression half-angry, half-sad. "I guess this is the part where we say goodbye?
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|I feel proud that I have been counted worthy to have blood shed by a traitor, and to suffer torture at the hands of those who have undertaken to trail our Flag in the dust. Signed, Yours as Ever, Franklin M. Haven.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Inevitably they find their way into the forest. It is there that they lose and find themselves. It is there that they gain a sense of what is to be done. The forest is always large, immense, great and mysterious. No one ever gains power over the forest, but the forest posses the power to change lives and alter destinies.
John Garamendi|Time after time we're told corporations should have freedom from pesky job safety regulations, environmental protections and labor standards - giving working people the freedom to be crushed in collapsing mines, choke on filthy air and get paid too little to live on.
Tina Sequeira, SOUL SOJOURN|[I]n love, man declares himself unsatisfied in his individuality taken by itself, he postulates the existence of another as a need of the heart; … the life which he has through love to be the truly human life, … The individual is defective, imperfect, weak, needy; but love is strong, perfect, contented, free from wants, self-sufficing, infinite; … friendship is a means of virtue, and more: it is … dependent however on participation. … [I]t cannot be based on perfect similarity; on the contrary, it requires diversity, for friendship rests on a desire for self-contemplation. One friend obtains through the other what he does not himself possess. … However faulty a man may be, it is a proof that there is a germ of good in him if he has worthy men for his friends. If I cannot be myself perfect, I yet at least love virtue, perfection in others.
Rachel Blattstein|I looked up from my writing, And gave a start to see,As if rapt in my inditing, The moon's full gaze on me.
Jim Morrison|We are all going, I thought, and it applies to turtles and turtlenecks, Alaska the girl and Alaska the place, because nothing can last, not even the earth itself. The Buddha said that suffering was caused by desire, we'd learned, and that the cessation of desire meant the cessation of suffering. When you stopped wishing things wouldn't fall apart, you'd stop suffering when they did.
Connie Willis, To Say Nothing of the Dog|Come here, cat. You wouldn’t want to destroy the space-time continuum, would you? Meow. Meow.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey Into Pleasure|She moved to get up, but the man held her down as her car exploded next. Bree lifted her head and looked back at the wall of fire behind them. “Well. We’re well and truly screwed now.
Toni Sorenson|The miracles of life are love, faith and hope.
Bruce Wilkinson|When the Dream Giver asked me to give my Dream to him, I didn't think I could. But I wanted the Dream Giver more than my Dream, so I did.
P.J. Parker, Fire on the Water: A Companion to Mary Shelley's Frankenstein|I was connected to God like that, and because he was there, I was connected to the whole of his creation.
Billy Marshall Stoneking, Sixteen Words For Water|PharaohsIt took Khufu twenty-three years to build his Great Pyramid at Giza, where some eleven hundred stone blocks, each weighing about two and a half tons, had to be quarried, moved, and set in place every day during the annual building season, roughly four months long. Few commentators on these facts can resist noting that this achievement is an amazing testimonial to the pharaoh’s iron control over the workers of Egypt. I submit, on the contrary, that pharaoh Khufu needed to exercise no more control over his workers at Giza than pharaoh Bill Gates exercises over his workers at Microsoft. I submit that Egyptian workers, relatively speaking, got as much out of building Khufu’s pyramid as Microsoft workers will get out of building Bill Gates’s pyramid (which will surely dwarf Khufu’s a hundred times over, though it will not, of course, be built of stone).No special control is needed to make people into pyramid builders—if they see themselves as having no choice but to build pyramids. They’ll build whatever they’re told to build, whether it’s pyramids, parking garages, or computer programs.Karl Marx recognized that workers without a choice are workers in chains. But his idea of breaking chains was for us to depose the pharaohs and then build the pyramids for ourselves, as if building pyramids is something we just can’t stop doing, we love it so much.
Kate Maloy, Every Last Cuckoo|We don’t even survive in the memories of the living. Science has destroyed that myth. Whenever we remember something, what we’re doing is remembering the last time we remembered it; our memory doesn’t go back to the original notch, the first one was cut, but to the last one. Human memory is virtual, like that of a computer. When we open a file we’re not opening it as it was when we first created it, but as it was the last time we used it. It is called hypercathexis and is our brain’s most sophisticated recourse when it comes to confronting pain.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|Well, I once recall an old master sergeant once telling me that NCOs look after the men so that officers can figure out how to get them killed. That's the difference between maintenance and command.
Osho|So throw off all desires, remove all the dust from your eyes, be at ease within, not longing for something, not even for God. Every longing is the same, whether for a big car, or God, or a big house, makes no difference. Longing is the same. Don’t long – just be. Don’t even look – just be! Don’t think! Let this moment be there, and you in it, and suddenly you have everything – because life is there. Suddenly everything starts showering on you, and then this moment becomes eternal and then there is no time. It is always the now. It never ends, never begins. But then you are in it, not an outsider. You have entered the whole, you have recognized who you are.
Sarah Jane Stratford|We're all Hitler inside. We're all Christ inside. I'm not keen on the idea, but it's true, isn't it? We've all got a little bit of the devil in us.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|And then she began to cry, and when I asked her why she was doing that, she said it was because I was to have a happy ending, and it was just like a book; and I wondered what books she'd been reading.
Corneliu Zelea Codreanu, For My Legionaries|Even their insistence on educating their children, the last reflex of any exploited group before it sank into submission, marked the end of their resistance.
Elena|Divines are generally agreed that sin radically and fundamentally consists in what is negative, or privative, having its root and foundation in a privation or want of holiness. And therefore undoubtedly, if it be so that sin does very much consist in hardness of heart, and so in the want of pious affections of heart, holiness does consist very much in those pious affections.
Xue Yun|I've always known that even if the world threatens to collapse, with one hand, you'd hold up the sky, and the other, around me.
Steen Langstrup, The Informer|If a deadly snake slithering around in a pre-school bit a child, would you box it up for a month as punishment, and then release it to prey upon the children once again?
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|No measure of time with you will be long enough, but we'll start with forever.
Joe Rogan|The global financial crisis - missed by most analysts - shows that most forecasters are poor at pricing in economic/financial risks, let alone geopolitical ones.
Sachin Tendulkar|If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us.
Pope Benedict XVI|To have Christian hope means to know about evil and yet to go to meet the future with confidence. The core of faith rests upon accepting being loved by God, and therefore to believe is to say Yes, not only to him, but to creation, to creatures, above all, to men, to try to see the image of God in each person and thereby to become a lover. That's not easy, but the basic Yes, the conviction that God has created men, that he stands behind them, that they aren't simply negative, gives love a reference point that enables it to ground hope on the basis of faith.
Derrick Jensen|Have you ever felt love?Did you need scientific proof of this? How would you have definitively and scientifically proved your love existed? If you could not prove it, would that mean your love didn't exist? What would you trust: your own feelings, or science?
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|A teenager boy is a monstrous cyborg, an unfeeling, beastly machine, not fully human, and not housebroken. Rumbustious teenage boys are an infernal organism disdainful of everything, yet intent of contributing to human evolution.
Denise Grover Swank, Chosen|Losing someone you love is harder. One minute they're there, the next they're gone. There were times I wished they would rise up from the dead.
Kelly Lynch|The consideration of change over the century is about loss, though I think that social change is gain rather than loss.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Professional’ does not necessarily mean that the person so labelled is good or knows what they are doing. In many a case, it merely means that they do whatever that they are a professional at for a living, not as a hobby.
Susan Sontag|I don’t care about someone being intelligent; any situation between people, when they are really human with each other, produces ‘intelligence.
Jeanne Marie Bouvier de la Motte Guyon|When the peasants and their song had vanished from his sight and hearing, a heavy feeling of anguish at his loneliness, his bodily idleness, his hostility to this world, came over him...It was all drowned in the sea of cheerful common labor. God had given the day, God had given the strength. Both day and strength had been devoted to labour and in that lay the reward...Levin had often admired this life, had often experienced a feeling of envy for the people who lived this life, but that day for the first time...the thought came clearly to Levin that it was up to him to change that so burdensome, idle, artificial and individual life he lived into this laborious, pure and common, lovely life.
James D. Watson|In Israel, a land lacking in natural resources, we learned to appreciate our greatest national advantage: our minds. Through creativity and innovation, we transformed barren deserts into flourishing fields and pioneered new frontiers in science and technology.
Linda Howard, Loving Evangeline|Jena shook her head. “Paul needs a life.”	“Paul needs a woman,” Ceelie said.
Reed Hundt|I love my BlackBerry, I love my Apple Mac, I love technology.
Peter N. Stearns, Shame: A Brief History|Shame, as an emotion, has a core meaning, in relating individuals to wider social groups and norms -- real or imagined.
Angelica Banks, Finding Serendipity|On this matter I'm inclined to agree with the French, who gaze upon any personal dietary prohibition as bad manners.
Ivan Turgenev|Nature cares nothing for logic, our human logic: she has her own, which we do not recognize and do not acknowledge until we are crushed under its wheel.
Gary Patton|As the government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion, — as it has in itself no character of enmity against the laws, religion or tranquility of Musselmen — and as the said States never have entered into any war or act of hostility against any Mehomitan nation, it is declared by the parties that no pretext arising from religious opinions shall ever produce an interruption of the harmony existing between the two countries.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Passion gives you what you want, lust gives you what you desire, but only love gives you what you need.
Gene Simmons|For a culture that has such a problem with death, we seem to deal with it in a quite bizarre way. We see people shot, killed and blown up, and we find it funny and sexy and all those things. But, the reality of it is that every day people die, and people are really sad and they grieve and they go through a really difficult process with it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Perfect God, Prince of Peace.
Alston Gray, How to Own a Car on the Cheap (without sacrificing quality)|If you believe you can, you can; if you believe you can't, you can't.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Being a Dream Girl is never going to be about what you look like or how much you weigh. After all, our physical appearances are just reflections of our inner worlds. What makes you a Dream Girl is your emotional sensitivity, your self-awareness, and your ability to communicate who you are effectively and compassionately in the world.
Isabelle Holland|In elementary school, I read every single space book in the library about all the planets, about nebulas, about black holes. So for as long as I can remember, I've been just looking up at the stars and wondering what's out there and even what may be looking back at us.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|Loyalty — deep, intense, devoted loyalty — to a leader or a culture, to any group, brand or idea, goes far beyond being engaged or having our needs met. We see our emotional selves in that connection. We see our future, our best selves and our better angels in that connection.
Cole Swindell|When a woman opens up about her fertility struggles, I feel less alone, and I hope to help others in the same way.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Heed Your Speed. Are you a fast or a slow talker? Be mindful towards the person with whom you are speaking to ensure that your message is being comprehended, understood, and absorbed. If they are listening at a slower rate than you are speaking, disconnect can occur.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The church has a deep well of joy, of which none can drink but her own children. There are stores of wine, and oil, and corn, hidden in the midst of our Jerusalem, upon which the saints of God are evermore sustained and nurtured; and sometimes, as in our Saviour's case, we have our seasons of intense delight
Warren Ellis, Desolation Jones: Made in England|There are many good reasons for drinking, and one's just entered my head: If you don't drink when you're living, how the fuck can you drink when you're dead?
Joe Abercrombie, Before They Are Hanged|No matter what the situation may be, I still take pleasure in witnessing the joy of others.
Shillpi S Banerrji|We are the children of a womb.Yet we differentiate each other,On color, creed and the sizes of our tombs!!
Thomas J. Watson|If a business does well, the stock eventually follows.
John Tauler|In my opinion, giving a kiss is a much better prize than receiving one.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|George!' [Horace] said, the relief evident in his voice. 'Are you all right?''No! I am not!' George replied with considerable spirit. 'I have a whacking great arrow stuck through my arm and it hurts like the very dickens! How could anybody be all right in those circumstances?'...'You saved my life, George,' Horace said gently...George grimaced. 'Well, if I'd known it was going to hurt like this, I wouldn't have! I would have just let them shoot you! Why do you live this way?' he demanded in a high-pitched voice. 'How can you bear it? This sort of thing is very, very painful. I always suspected that warriors are crazy. Now I know.
Sherri Baldy|But it is only since I have ceased to live that I think of these things and the other things. It is in the tranquillity of decomposition that I remember the long confused emotion which was my life, and that I judge it, as it is said that God will judge me, and with no less impertinence. To decompose is to live too, I know, I know, don't torment me, but one sometimes forgets.
Al Unser|I'm a strong person, I'm a strong family man, I'm a strong husband and a strong father.
Jason Pellegrini, The Replacement|There is a fine line that separates thinking you know something, and actually knowing the truth. It is a line as thin as a strand of hair, and it's called hope.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to know a person’s true character, observe how he treats those who don’t matter.
Balajinnatha Pandita, Specific Principles of Kashmir Saivism|All of the blissful and beautiful aspects of the Absolute are present in each and every person and living thing, but they remain dormant because they are hidden behind the mask of maya. In other words, we are all blinded to this inner bliss and beauty by our limited sense of who we are, and by the habit of directing so much of our attention out into the world. Everyone can have momentary glimpses of inner bliss when they experience something that is extremely pleasing to the senses and the mind. But usually these situations are fleeting and simply leave a person unfulfilled and longing for more. They then pursue the outer object in an attempt to rediscover the blissful state, not realizing that the source of bliss is within and need not be attached to an outer stimulus at all. This inner beauty can be discovered and contacted at will through simply turning our attention within, and through the various practices outlined in this yoga.— B. N. Pandit, Specific Principles of Kashmir Shaivism (3rd ed., 2008), p. 123.
Leah Rae Miller, The Summer I Became a Nerd|I'm scared of the geese. When I was five, my mom took me down there to feed those horrible beasts and one of them nearly took my hand off.
Carol Birch, Jamrach's Menagerie|It was then I truly realised the whale is no more a fish than I am. So much blood. This was not like the fish on the quay, fresh caught, lying flipping and flopping, death on a simmer. This was a fierce, boiling death. She died thrashing blindly in a slick of gore, full of pain and fury, gnashing her jaws, beating her tail, spewing lumps of slime and half-digested fish that fell stinking about us. It was vile. So much strength dies slowly.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling|People will drive by their high school ten years down the road, just so they can pretend that thinking "not much has changed" is actually true. When really, everything has changed. The air smells the same, but the roads have cracked more. The roads have cracked so much they now look like the skin on a crocodile's back. And all the fields, green in the summers, golden in the autumns, have all been paved over with new reasons to never come back.
Amruta Patil, Kari|Bercelak’s kin kept themselves busy by sharpening weapons, reading, talking, or setting things on fire with small bursts of flame.
Adam Rutherford, A Brief History of Everyone Who Ever Lived: The Stories in Our Genes|No matter the languages we speak or the colour of our skin, we share ancestors who planted rice on the banks of the Yangtze, who first domesticated horses on the steppes of the Ukraine, who hunted giant sloths in the forests of North and South America, and who laboured to build the Great Pyramid of Khufu.
Barun Singhania|A protest against reality, either conscious or unconscious, active or passive, optimistic or pessimistic, always forms part of a really creative piece of work.
John Owen, The Mortification of Sin|There's a sin, a fearful sin, resting on this nation, that will not go unpunished forever. There will be reckoning yet ... it may be sooner or it may be later, but it's a coming as sure as the Lord is just
Mark Shea|It will not, however, affect one tiny bit the question of whether the text has a literal meaning because—mark this—every biblical text has a literal meaning. Many people are stunned to hear this. That is because many people think a "literal meaning" can only be conveyed by literal language. They make the mistake of assuming that an author who uses metaphor, fiction, hyperbole, or various other figures of speech does not have a literal meaning. Thus, for instance, if I say "my heart is broken", some people mistakenly imagine that I "meant nothing literally." But, of course, I do. I literally mean I am deeply grieved and I am expressing that grief via a metaphor. Likewise, if I say "I stood in line for a million years" I am using an exaggeration to communicate another literal meaning: I waited a long time. Indeed, more often than not, metaphor is exactly the right vehicle for conveying a literal meaning and is far better than nonfigurative language. The shortest distance between two minds is a figure of speech. -- Making Senses of Scripture
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He concluded in the last scene that we are given two choices in life. We can allow ourselves to love and care for others, which makes us vulnerable to their sickness, death, or rejection. Or we can protect ourselves by refusing to love. Lewis decided that it is better to feel and to suffer than to go through life isolated, insulated, and lonely.
Thomas Keneally, Searching for Schindler: A Memoir|Paradox is beloved of novelists. The despised savior, the humane whore, the selfish man suddenly munificent, the wise fool, and the cowardly hero. Most writers spend their lives writing about unexpected malice in the supposedly virtuous, and unexpected virtue in the supposedly sinful. 
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|We are supposed to believe [capitalist ideology] was the champion of freedom and prosperity in the epic struggle called the Cold War. If there was such a champion, might it not have been freedom itself, as realized in the institutional forms of democracy? This is not how the story has been told. We are t believe it was an economic system, capitalism, that arrayed its forces against its opposite, communism, and rescued all we hold dear. Yet in the new era... [capitalism] has shown itself very ready to devour what we hold dear, if the list can be taken to include culture, education, the environment, and the sciences, as well as the peace and well-being of our fellow citizens.
Stephen King, Carrie|Being good is something that one must choose over and over again, every day, throughout the day, for the rest of one's life," Asher said. "A day is made of a thousand decisions, most small, some huge. With each decision you have the chance to work toward light, or sink toward darkness.
Lawrence G. Lovasik|Love conquers all difficulties, surmounts all obstacles, and effects what to any other power would be impossible.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|You always question what's new. It's human nature. While everything else, you know, no matter how strange, feels normal because you're trained to see it that way. You're brainwashed.
Pete Hamill|I don't have kids, but I know that you want them to follow their dreams, while at the same time, you don't want them to be sitting around, hoping that dream is just going to come. I'm sure that's hard to tell your kids.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I hope in the Lord, I know He will lead in every step of the journey.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|Consequently, the truth of God lives in our souls more by the power of superior moral courage than by the light of an eminent intelligence. Indeed, spiritual intelligence itself depends on the fortitude and patience with which we sacrifice ourselves for the truth, as it is communicated to our lives concretely in the providential will of God
Laura Lippman, Baltimore Blues|It must be nice to be so strong and to think it's because you're so good, that you live right and eat right, so you deserve your health and happiness. But there is such a thing as luck, and there's more bad luck than good in this world.
James Maskalyk, Six Months in Sudan: A Young Doctor in a War-torn Village|To the world, it doesn’t matter that much. Until you remember that it means the world to the patient. One exact world, bright and full of sounds, per person. That is what is lost.
Sarah Sutton|I call myself a teacher because they want me to call myself a teacher, but actually, what I'm doing is I'm studying.
Brian Castner, The Long Walk: A Story of War and the Life That Follows|My wife is alone in our full bed too. Her husband, the father of her children, never came back from Iraq. When I deployed the first time she asked her grandmother for advice. Her grandfather served in Africa and Europe in World War II. Her grandmother would know what to do.“How do I live with him being gone? How do I help him when he comes home?” my wife asked. “He won’t come home,” her grandmother answered. “The war will kill him one way or the other. I hope for you that he dies while he is there. Otherwise the war will kill him at home. With you.” My wife’s grandfather died of a heart attack on the living-room floor, long before she was born. It took a decade or two for World War II to kill him. When would my war kill me?
Kate Braverman|Call me Ishmael. Some years ago--never mind how long precisely--having little or no money in my purse, and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world. It is a way I have of driving off the spleen and regulating the circulation. Whenever I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people's hats off--then, I account it high time to get to sea as soon as I can. This is my substitute for pistol and ball. With a philosophical flourish Cato throws himself upon his sword; I quietly take to the ship. There is nothing surprising in this.If they but knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.There now is your insular city of the Manhattoes, belted round by wharves as Indian isles by coral reefs--commerce surrounds it with her surf. Right and left, the streets take you waterward. Its extreme downtown is the battery, where that noble mole is washed by waves, and cooled by breezes, which a few hours previous were out of sight of land. Look at the crowds of water-gazers there.Circumambulate the city of a dreamy Sabbath afternoon. Go from Corlears Hook to Coenties Slip, and from thence, by Whitehall, northward. What do you see?--Posted like silent sentinels all around the town, stand thousands upon thousands of mortal men fixed in ocean reveries. Some leaning against the spiles; some seated upon the pier-heads; some looking over the bulwarks of ships from China; some high aloft in the rigging, as if striving to get a still better seaward peep. But these are all landsmen; of week days pent up in lath and plaster--tied to counters, nailed to benches, clinched to desks. How then is this? Are the green fields gone? What do they here?But look! here come more crowds, pacing straight for the water, and seemingly bound for a dive. Strange! Nothing will content them but the extremest limit of the land; loitering under the shady lee of yonder warehouses will not suffice. No. They must get just as nigh the water as they possibly can without falling in. And there they stand--miles of them--leagues. Inlanders all, they come from lanes and alleys, streets and avenues--north, east, south, and west. Yet here they all unite. Tell me, does the magnetic virtue of the needles of the compasses of all those ships attract them thither?Once more. Say you are in the country; in some high land of lakes. Take almost any path you please, and ten to one it carries you down in a dale, and leaves you there by a pool in the stream. There is magic in it. Let the most absent-minded of men be plunged in his deepest reveries--stand that man on his legs, set his feet a-going, and he will infallibly lead you to water, if water there be in all that region. Should you ever be athirst in the great American desert, try this experiment, if your caravan happen to be supplied with a metaphysical professor. Yes, as every one knows, meditation and water are wedded for ever.
Philip Appleman|One day when I was praying, it suddenly occurred to me thatI was talking to myself.
Will Poulter|I'm proud of 'Fifty Shades of Grey.' I don't need to distance myself from that. The more work I do, the more the general public sees the different things I can do. Do I think it opened doors? Yeah. More people know my name.
Ashlee Gadd, The Magic of Motherhood: The Good Stuff, the Hard Stuff, and Everything In Between|Parenting role-play change every ten years from affection to duty to responsibility, and then the cycle must reverse with next generation playing the same in the reverse sequence.
Svetlana Alexievich, Czasy secondhand. Koniec czerwonego człowieka|The mysterious Russian soul... Everyone wants to understand it. They read Dostoevsky: what's behind that soul of theirs? Well, behind our soul there's just more soul.
Bob Wells|When I first sat down with my oncologist the day before Thanksgiving, and she told me I would need 8 rounds of chemo, one of my first questions admittedly was: 'Will I lose my hair?' It sounds shallow, I know, but it was a very scary image to me.
Italo Calvino, The Baron in the Trees|That wish to enter into an elusive element which had urged Cosimo into the trees, was still working now inside him unsatisfied, making him long for a more intimate link, a relationship which would bind him to each leaf and twig and feather and flutter.
Mike  Norton, Just Another War Story|Never hold resentments for the person who tells you what you need to hear; count them among your truest, most caring, and valuable friends.
Leonard Sax, The Collapse of Parenting: How We Hurt Our Kids When We Treat Them Like Grown-Ups|My rugrats give me gifts that say "#1 Mom" on them and I'm like, bwhahahahaha, joke's on you, I'm more like the #1,297,279 Mom. But they truly think I'm the best mom on earth. And that's all that matters.
sivaprakash Sidhu, SivaprakashG, Sidhu, Sivasidhug|There is no 'We all are different' theory. That's another condolence or compensation for 'Everybody is common, normal and indifferent'.
Auliq Ice|If you want to increase your self-confidence as a yoga teacher very fast – go out there, face your fears, and teach as much as you possibly can!
Terry Pratchett, Thud!|Historical Re-creation, he thought glumly, as they picked their way across, under, over or through the boulders and insect-buzzing heaps of splintered timber, with streamlets running everywhere. Only we do it with people dressing up and running around with blunt weapons, and people selling hot dogs, and the girls all miserable because they can only dress up as wenches, wenching being the only job available to women in the olden days.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Every one of us is losing something precious to us. Lost opportunities, lost possibilities, feelings we can never get back again. That’s part of what it means to be alive.
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|When two people fight, they think less and speak more. They don’t listen to the opponent. They draw their own conclusions.
Frantz Fanon|To speak a language is to take on a world, a culture.
Olga Kurylenko|Unfortunately, I'm more experienced than I care to admit on long-distance relationships. Just because that is my life. I travel because I love to. As a result, I have to sort of make it work when a relationship kind of comes into view.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Celia, wait,” Marco says, standing but not moving closer to her. “You are breaking my heart. You told me once that I reminded you of your father. That you never wanted to suffer the way your mother did for him, but you are doing exactly that to me. You keep leaving me. You leave me longing for you again and again when I would give anything for you to stay, and it is killing me.” “It has to kill one of us,” Celia says quietly.
Truman Capote|A very fine artist can take something quite ordinary and, through sheer artistry and willpower, turn it into a work of art.
Holly Smale, Model Misfit|It's never too late to come home," he said, and pulled me gently, insistently toward him."All you have to do...is stop moving away.
Ry Cooder, Los Angeles Stories|No second chances in the land of a thousand dances, the valley of ten million insanities.
Charlie Chaplin|A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul.
Emily Carr|For as long as I care to remember, religion, like the striptease, has always been a display of the power of suggestion. Like the Virgin Birth, it has all too often supported an immaculate deception.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|People never think of a child as being a monster, because if they did, they would never be able to sleep at night. Children are where lies peoples hopes, dreams, innocence... Not where lies murder.
James Cagney|In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.
Adi Da Samraj, The Eating Gorilla Comes in Peace: The Transcendental Principle of Life Applied to Diet and the Regenerative Discipline of True Health|I always thought the key to immortality would be, like, tiny robots fixing things in your brain,” she says. “Not books.
RJ Blizzard|The amount of evidence and its quality do not count for much, because poor evidence can make a very good story. For some of our most important beliefs we have no evidence at all, except that people we love and trust hold these beliefs. Considering how little we know, the confidence we have in our beliefs is preposterous - and it is also essential.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If love wasn’t conditional, every single first encounter with individuals of your 'preferred' gender would result in *love at first sight.*
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|So it's important to remember that our job isn't to solve other people's problems for them, but to help them to discover the ways that are most effective and most practical for them to deal with their own problems. We can't wave a magic wand or open a self-help book to a certain page and say, "There--you're no longer an alcoholic," but we can listen to them and talk to them and help them to find ways to deal with the issues that are driving them to use alcohol. And when they're facing the hardest times in dealing with the problems, we can be there as someone to lean on when they need to lean.
Debasish Mridha|I speak as a planetary physician whose patient, the living Earth, complains of fever; I see the Earth's declining health as our most important concern, our very lives depending upon a healthy Earth. Our concern for it must come first, because the welfare of the burgeoning mass of humanity demands a healthy planet.
Jimvirle/Jinvirle|Love is not blind, lovers can see what others cannot see.
David Wolfe, Longevity Now: A Comprehensive Approach to Healthy Hormones, Detoxification, Super Immunity, Reversing Calcification, and Total Rejuvenation|Like most doctors, the fanciest ones, he seemed offensively healthy, as if he kept the real secret of vitality to himself. He would live forever and people would crumble and die around him. You were supposed to feel like death after seeing him, in terms of your complexion, your posture, your whole body. If necessary, this doctor would eat you to survive.
Sergio de la Pava|Besides, immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control things.
Juan Mascaró, The Bhagavad Gita|The practice of deep listening is the practice of open inquiry, without assumption or judgement.
Debasish Mridha|After all, tomorrow will be prettier than today. It all depends on your choices and actions, and if you are ready to make it.
R. J. Cutler|For good or ill, I'm a person of leadership. I do my best. I don't dodge responsibility.
James Madison, Federalist Papers Nos. 10 and 51|I hope we shall ... crush in it’s birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial of strength, and to bid defiance to the laws of their country.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|It's Miranda who speaks up. "You're gay," she says, with complete seriousness. "And I love you.
Deyth Banger|I don't like romance, I don't like sadness. The sadness motion is negative one... as much you are sad as more deeper you go and you want to return the thing which you can't.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies.
Edward Snowden|When I was boxing I made five million and wound up broke, owing the government a million.
Jayson Engay|Whenever you're having a burden in your heart, share it to those people whom you trust. It'll make you feel better.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|You can only feel love to the extent in which you love yourself. If you deficiently love yourself, you will never believe that another person could truly love you. If you overly love yourself, no one’s love will be good enough, and the world will seem pale and cold.
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|You certainly remember this scene from dozens of films: a boy and a girl are running hand in hand in a beautiful spring (or summer) landscape. Running, running, running and laughing. By laughing the two runners are proclaiming to the whole world, to audiences in all the movie theaters: "We're happy, we're glad to be in the world, we're in agreement with being!" It's a silly scene, a cliche, but it expresses a basic human attitude: serious laughter, laughter "beyond joking."All churches, all underwear manufacturers, all generals, all political parties, are in agreement about that kind of laughter, and all of them rush to put the image of the two laughing runners on the billboards advertising their religion, their products, their ideology, their nation, their sex, their dishwashing powder.
Adrian Tchaikovsky, Salute the Dark|I cannot hope to make you understand how the world is truly made,' he told her. 'Metaphor, then: the world is a weave, like threads woven into cloth.' His hand came out of his sleeve with a strip of his red ribbon.'If you sa
Noam Chomsky|That's the whole point of good propaganda. You want to create a slogan that nobody's going to be against, and everybody's going to be for. Nobody knows what it means, because it doesn't mean anything.
Charmaine J. Forde|I can weave words together and create magic,it's like knitting and crocheting words with pen and paper, some call it Poetry.
Torron-Lee Dewar, 50 Ways to Become a Better Choreographer|While you're worrying about becoming famous, there is someone out there putting in work and not wasting a second of their time. Which person will you be?
Shandy L. Kurth|Time is a funny thing, it can give and it can take away; and a single moment in time can truly change one’s life forever!  The best kind of love is unexpected, unexplainable, undeniable, and unimaginable.Your sweet scent will forever be with me, reminding me of the love we once shared. I will breathe in the memories until we meet again.Before you act on what you have been told, consider your source. It may simply be assumption on their part, and that can be far from fact.Why stand back and wait for someone to fail when you can stand up and offer your support?Love is when the sound of your partner’s snoring lulls you to sleep, and it acts as a reminder that they are there by your side.Building a wall around your heart is a voluntary imprisonment to which only you have the key. Open your heart to life’s possibilities!
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|You hear so many people talk about finding their soul mates only in relation to who they marry, but I think that, as women, our real soul mates are often found when we recognize some version of ourselves in someone else.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Even in dreams, you could not fall forever.
Stone Cold Steve Austin|The Declaration of Independence says when government fails, the people have the right to replace it. Well, New York State government has failed and the people have the right, indeed the people have the the people have the obligation, to act.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|While in bondage, the strength of the mind is not put into full action in order to maximize its full potential.
Michael Keaton|I was totally dominated and revered my father. I admired everything he did. He was a great sports person. He loved me. I was his only boy at that time, before my brother Billy came along.
P.J. Gordon|Firen didn’t waste any time setting up the meeting with Egnatious. The following day she was in such a rush to tell me about it that she burst into my room without knocking and found Andrew and me in an intimate and compromising position reminiscent of the game Twister. Also, I cannot confirm or deny if there was food involved. Let’s just say I toppled over in embarrassment, taking Andrew down with me in a great heap. Firen didn’t fare any better, as she nearly knocked herself out when she ran into the doorframe in an attempt to escape. We were both scarred for life, especially after Firen apologized for walking in on our “naked fun time,” which was apparently what Joseph called it. There were some things people should never know, and that was one of them.
L.M. Montgomery, Magic for Marigold|Once upon a time--which, when you come to think of it, is reallythe only proper way to begin a story--the only way that reallysmacks of romance and fairyland--
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Until we begin to live for people and stop living for self, we have not started living, we just exist.
Aimee Byrd, No Little Women: Equipping All Women in the Household of God|Once I was liable to the same mistakes, but, thanks to God, no longer …’Well, isn’t it just as worthwhile to have devoted and applied yourself to this goal as to have read or written fifty pages?
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|If mankind was playing a baseball game, he would still be choosing his lineup after the game was over.
Deyth Banger|Sometimes you want to change the past by going from the future in the past. But sometimes you find that everything which you have done, it's not better but it becomes worst but why?(11.22.63 - Better Check it out!)
Leo Tolstoy|But there was another class of people, the real people. To this class they all belonged, and in it the great thing was to be elegant, generous, plucky, gay, to abandon oneself without a blush to every passion, and to laugh at everything else.
Deyth Banger|You must take into account the actual distinction between truth and fact. It is beyond all human power to tell all the facts. Your whole lifetime spent at nothing else would not tell all the facts of one morning in your life, just any ordinary morning when you get up, dress, get breakfast and wash the dishes. Facts are infinite in number. The truth is a meaning underlying them; you tell the truth by selecting the facts to illustrate it.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|You can talk about depression as a "chemical imbalance" all you want, but it presents itself as an external antagonist - a "demon," a "beast," or a "black dog," as Samuel Johnson called it. It could pounce at any time, even in the most innocuous setting.
Patricia Highsmith, Ripley Under Ground|But what then is capital punishment but the most premeditated of murders, to which no criminal's deed, however calculated it may be, can be compared? For there to be equivalence, the death penalty would have to punish a criminal who had warned his victim of the date at which he would inflict a horrible death on him and who, from that moment onward, had confined him at his mercy for months. Such a monster is not encountered in private life.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|It's easier for a rich man to ride that camel through the eye of a needle directly into the Kingdom of Heaven, than for some of us to give up our cell phone.
Louis D. Brandeis|Experience should teach us to be most on our guard to protect liberty when the government's purposes are beneficent. Men born to freedom are naturally alert to repel invasion of their liberty by evil-minded rulers. The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understan
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|Where are we heading?”“The closest wooded area to here is Kenwood Academy’s estate. Good place to hide, especially at night.”“If we’re going into the woods, I definitely need to change.”I glanced back at her as we returned to the curb where the cab had dropped us off. “Or you could just go home.”She crossed her arms and avoided my gaze, scowling. “You’re sick of me already? That must be a record.”I lifted my eyes to the heavens. Women. “This creature tore out a woman’s throat and busted her chest cavity open like a piñata. I don’t like the thought of it being anywhere near you.”“Did it ever occur to you that I feel the same way?”Surprise flooded over me. “No, it…actually didn’t.”“I know I’m not as strong or as smart as you are, but that doesn’t mean I can’t help. We’re partners, aren’t we?”“Yeah,” I said, and couldn’t stop the smile creeping across my lips. “I guess we are.” She tossed a quick look at me and frowned. “Quit it.”“What?”“I hate it when you do that.”“You hate it when I smile?”“No, when you make that, ‘aw, she does have a heart’ face. You look like a Disney prince.”I laughed. “My bad. I’ll work on that.
Bharath Mamidoju|Making an effort or not making an effort is a choice we make by analyzing the outcome before making that choice. Most of the times the analysis is based on previous experiences, what we fail to understand is, that things change, perceptions change & so are the people, the only thing we don’t allow changing is our analysis.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Holy Spirit searches all things, the depth of Truth of God.
Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|You know your husband truly loves you when he calls you, "Money, I'm home!
Yaganesh Derasari|I Am Not Sherlock, But I Will Share Happiness With You And Lock you In My Heart For The Rest Of My Life.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|A point to prove is not about always being right, it’s all about exceeding the expectations, and the expectations can only be surpassed if taken as a challenge, when taken as a burden it slows down our journey to success.
Fabrizio Moreira|The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant.
Dodie Smith|I suddenly knew that religion, God - something beyond everyday life - was there to be found, provided one is really willing. And I saw that though what I felt in the church was only imagination, it was a step on the way; because imagination itself can be a kind of willingness - a pretense that things are real, due to one's longing for them. It struck me that this was somehow tied up with what the Vicar said about religion being an extension of art - and then I had a glimpse of how religion can really cure you of sorrow; somehow make use of it, turn it to beauty, just as art can make sad things beautiful.	I found myself saying: 'Sacrifice is the secret - you have to sacrifice things for art and it's the same with religion; and then the sacrifice turns out to be a gain.' Then I got confused and I couldn't hold on to what I meant - until Miss Blossom remarked: 'Nonsense, duckie - it's prefectly simple. You lose yourself in something beyond yourself and it's a lovely rest.'I saw that, all right. Then I thought: 'But that's how Miss Marcy cured her sorrow, too - only she lost herself in other people instead of in religion.' Which way of life was best - hers or the Vicar's? I decided that he loves God and merely likes the villagers, whereas she loves the villagers and merely likes God - and then I suddenly wondered if I could combine both ways, love God and my neighbor equally. Was I really willing to?
Kazimir Malevich, Essays On Art, 1915 1933|I tell you, you will not see the new beauty and the truth, until you make up your minds to spit.
Alison Pace, Through Thick and Thin|She's never really wanted to be the only person, she's never been such a fan of being alone.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|Absolutely nothing. That's what I'm going to do for two weeks. Not think. If I start to think, I'm going to think really hard about not thinking until I quit thinking.
Nicholson Baker, The Fermata|I don’t think that loneliness is necessarily a bad or unconstructive condition. My own skill at jamming time may actually be dependent on some fluid mixture of emotions, among them curiosity, sexual desire, and love, all suspended in a solvent medium of loneliness. I like the heroes or heroines of books I read to be living alone, and feeling lonely, because reading is itself a state of artificially enhanced loneliness. Loneliness makes you consider other people’s lives, makes you more polite to those you deal with in passing, dampens irony and cynicism. The interior of the Fold is, of course, the place of ultimate loneliness, and I like it there. But there are times when the wish for others’ voices, for friendliness returned, reaches unpleasant levels, and becomes a kind of immobilizing pain. That was how it felt as I finished packing up the box of sex machines.
Fernando Pessoa|Children are particularly literary, for they say what they feel not what someone has taught them to feel.
Human Angels|We are all One and others are simply reflections of ourselves. When the mirror is cleared, the reflection becomes clean too.
Gian Kumar|We come from nothing... which, in reality, is everything; It is that pure energy, the space where Brahmn (energy) resides. Awareness of this absolute reality leads us to the ultimate truth about our lives. It is also through this awareness that Self within can deal with dualities in life, to discriminate and choose, leading to happiness and sadness. To find one's center one needs to respect both dual properties; bring the opposites closer, surrender and accept in oneness... and follow the path of bliss...
Abraham M. Alghanem, Summer and Autumn|You will be a beautiful person, as long as you see the beauty in others.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross|Forget to smoke and drink alcohol. Start drinking the morning sunshine, pure breeze, and unconditional love. It is a much better way to get drunk.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|If you don't pray often, you won't gain a love for praying. Prayer is work, and therefore it is not very appealing to our natural sensibilities. But the simple rule for prayer is this: Begin praying and your taste for prayer will increase. The more you pray, the more you will acquire the desire for prayer, the energy for prayer, and the sense of purpose in prayer.
Wendy Davis|What is basically just an IQ score has roots in education, socioeconomic status, genetics, and environmental factors. Looking at any one of these roots doesn't give you a full picture of the tree, but it does tell you that a tree is there.
Even Engesland|An action made by an unwitting man, shall not define, nor justify a common thought and interpretation.
Chris Stapleton|Having had five husbands, I guess I should know a thing or two about marriage.
Nadine Gordimer, The Quotable Gordimer; or, The Wit and Wisdom of Nadine Gordimer|The only competition in art is the search for truth. No matter who gets there first, we all win.
Terry Eagleton|Might not too much investment in teaching Shelley mean falling behind our economic competitors? But there is no university without humane inquiry, which means that universities and advanced capitalism are fundamentally incompatible. And the political implications of that run far deeper than the question of student fees.
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|Be purposeful in your actions. Be mindful to keep your behavior in alignment with your goals. Remember, you can refine, improve, and enhance yourself; all other control is illusory.
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|You will say that that was in the comparatively barbarous times; that these are barbarous times too, because also, comparatively speaking, pins are stuck in even now; that though man has now learned to see more clearly than in barbarous ages, he is still far from having learnt to act as reason and science would dictate.
Warren Spector|When I had my first voice lesson I was 15 years old. And I had a really good teacher. This is what made all the difference. A good teacher will teach you the technique, but also how to listen to your voice.
Dr. Seuss, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories|And the turtles, of course...all the turtles are free, as turtles and, maybe, all creatures should be.
Steen Langstrup, The Informer|Meet me tonight, six o’clock sharp, at the gates of the municipal hospital. It is very important that you are precise. Not five minutes early, not five minutes late. In case I’m not there, you leave straight away. Got it?”Ingrid aka ‘Alis K’The Informer
Debra Anastasia, Bittersweet Seraphim|Music move God, just as it does lucifer. Something they both have in common.
Jessiqua Wittman, A Memoir of Mercy|Face your monster boldly, the whole world will cheer you on. Run from your monster fearfully, Heaven will cry over your pieces.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|To any survivor who may be doubting whether what they’ve experienced is truly abuse, remember that emotional, verbal, and psychological abuse will never be, and should never be, considered part of the messy equation of a normal relationship. As both metal health professionals and survivors can attest to, the traumatic highs and lows of being with a narcissist, a sociopath, or a psychopath are not the natural highs and lows of regular relationships. That suggestion is quite damaging to society and to survivors all around the world.
Rashid Johnson|Once you learn to choose your belongings properly, you will be left with only the amount that fits perfectly in the space you own.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|People on corporate conveyor belts, like animals in slaughter-chutes are all part of the same big massacre of joy.
Richard Halliburton|Let those who wish have their respectability- I wanted freedom, freedom to indulge in whatever caprice struck my fancy, freedom to search in the farthermost corners of the earth for the beautiful, the joyous, and the romantic.
Libba Bray, Going Bovine|And to every man has been assigned a good and an evil angel; one assisting him and the other annoying him, from his cradle to his coffin.
Summer Altice|You call to a dog and a dog will break its neck to get to you. Dogs just want to please. Call to a cat and its attitude is, 'What's in it for me?'
Jo Nesbø, The Snowman|It is possible to be a puppet on a string, controlled by hidden forces.
Deyth Banger|Horror is a curiousity, it's used we to go over on real horror it just prepare us for the hard battles. To laugh at somebody's harm... there is even and scientific explanation.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship, then, like the other natural loves, is unable to save itself. In reality, because it is spiritual and therefore faces a subtler enemy, it must, even more wholeheartedly than they, invoke the divine protection if it hopes to remain sweet. For consider how narrow its true path is. Is must not become what the people call a "mutual admiration society"; yet if it is not full of mutual admiration, of Appreciative love, it is not Friendship at all.
Bill Goldberg|Ali was a threat because he was a voice, and the people hated Ali when he was a voice, but once Ali could no longer speak and he wasn't a voice, they loved him. Love me now. I don't want to be loved if I could barely walk or barely talk. That's not cool.
Kimberly McCreight, Reconstructing Amelia|The greatest lessons I learned from my father didn't come from lectures or discipline or even time spent together. What has stuck with me is his example. From watching, I chose whether to be or not to be like him.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|Anita is small and colourless in her grey trousers, grey knitted cardigan, grey hair and grey skin. But ove notices that her face is slightly red-eyed and swollen. Quickly she wipes her eyes and blinks away the pain. As women of that generation do. As if they stood in the doorway every morning, determinedly driving sorrow out of the house with a broom.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|It is the intense spirituality of India, and not any great political structure or social organisation that it has developed, that has enabled it to resist the ravages of time and the accidents of history.
Thomas Jefferson|There are no laws set in stones, follow your basic instincts, they contain the laws that guide you existence.
Stephanie Clifford, Everybody Rise|I always think the opening moments of a party are the hardest, before everyone has had enough to drink.
Paul Auster|Surely it is an odd way to spend your life - sitting alone in a room with a pen in your hand, hour after hour, day after day, year after year, struggling to put words on pieces of paper in order to give birth to what does not exist, except in your head. Why on earth would anyone want to do such a thing? The only answer I have ever been able to come up with is: because you have to, because you have no choice.
Richard Aldington, Women Must Work|But if I'm useless only because I haven't been properly educated, is that my fault?
James D. Nicoll|The problem with defending the purity of the English language is that English is about as pure as a cribhouse whore. We don't just borrow words; on occasion, English has pursued other languages down alleyways to beat them unconscious and rifle their pockets for new vocabulary.
George Orwell, Essays|We feel more than we can express, we see more than we can say.
Jesse Jackson|Issues relating to global health and sustainability must stay high on the agenda if we are to cope with an ageing and ever-increasing population, with growing pressure on resources, and with rising global temperatures. The risks and dangers need to be assessed and then confronted.
Kelley Armstrong, Stolen|Another werewolf thing. Like most animals, we spent a large part of our lives engaged in the three Fs of basic survival. Feeding, fighting and... reproduction.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|I tell you I must go!” I retorted, roused to something like passion. “Do you think I can stay to become nothing to you? Do you think I am an automaton?—a machine without feelings? and can bear to have my morsel of bread snatched from my lips, and my drop of living water dashed from my cup? Do you think, because I am poor, obscure, plain, and little, I am soulless and heartless? You think wrong!—I have as much soul as you,—and full as much heart! And if God had gifted me with some beauty and much wealth, I should have made it as hard for you to leave me, as it is now for me to leave you. I am not talking to you now through the medium of custom, conventionalities, nor even of mortal flesh;—it is my spirit that addresses your spirit; just as if both had passed through the grave, and we stood at God’s feet, equal,—as we are!
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Peril|If it was all about the destination, we'd spend our nights sleeping in graves.
Primo Levi|For human nature is such that grief and pain - even simultaneously suffered - do not add up as a whole in our consciousness, but hide, the lesser behind the greater, according to a definite law of perspective. It is providential and is our means of surviving in the camp. And this is the reason why so often in free life one hears it said that man is never content.
Edgar Allan Poe|From my own experience, I want to say that you should follow your heart, and the mind will follow you. Believe in yourself, and you will create miracles.
Gautama Buddha|Like a caring motherholding and guarding the lifeof her only child,so with a boundless heartof lovingkindness,hold yourself and all beingsas your beloved children.
Marilynn Dawson|Great imaginations are the breeding ground for great accomplishments!Great imaginations are like horses, they need guidance and proper nurturing, only then do they offer the world of adventure they promise.
Carl von Clausewitz|The very nature of science is discoveries, and the best of those discoveries are the ones you don't expect.
Ellen Glasgow|Every day, every birthday candle I blow out, every penny I throw over my shoulder in a wishing well, every time my daughter says, 'Let's make a wish on a star,' there's one thing I wish for: wisdom.
Sherrilyn Kenyon|With food still scarce,there was no longer a right to exist. You needed to earn your spot. 
Bertrand Russell|Drawing is a way of coming upon the connection between things, just like metaphor in poetry reconnects what has become separated.
Harry Styles|It's an amazing thing to say, 'I'm beautiful,' without feeling like you're cocky.
Shirley Bassey|When a hundred men stand together, each of them loses his mind and gets another one.
Pratibha Patil|The more knowledge you've got, the more understanding you have, the better you are able to implement and pass it on to others.
Sunday Adelaja|It is almost an unbearable pain, to suddenly recognize the value of what you had being ignorant of which had been your possession
Joe Hill, Locke & Key, Vol. 1: Welcome to Lovecraft|Secrets, my mother told me once, are just stories turned inside out.
Mahatma Gandhi|Man often becomes what he believes himself to be. If I keep on saying to myself that I cannot do a certain thing, it is possible that I may end by really becoming incapable of doing it. On the contrary, if I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning.
|Know yourself better and love yourself unconditionally, and stop miserably and desperately waiting for a 'special someone' to come into your life and fill up the emptiness in your heart.
Tamara Rendell, Mystical Tides|The storms inside uncoilinto sky held calm by far seeing eyesMemories dressed in the translucenttrickery of the mind,so as to wear life upon themselves,give up their tired dance and runinto free frequency
Steve Jones, The Language of Genes|...although the reason for the existence of women is obvious enough, nobody has any real idea what point there is in being a man. Men have however, made many attempts to justify their existence.
Suman Pokhrel|Tomorrow maybe love; but now it is the rainPossesses us entirely, the twilight and the rain.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Focus on your portal, trust the process, don't get so involved in the desires or beliefs of others that cause you confusion and compromise your own alignment. - - The universe loves a believer!
M.J. Chrisman, The Remnant: The Legend of the Seer|I am going to show you great and mighty things which no one has ever seen before.... I am going to take you places where no one has ever been. I am going to take you to heights where no one has ever reached. If you will only come to me with all your heart, I will do a mighty work in you, which no man can undo but yourself.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|I tried to concentrate on the angel's voice instead."Bella, please! Bella, listen to me, please, please, please, Bella, please!" he begged.Yes, I wanted to say. Anything. But I couldn't find my lips. "Carlisle!" the angel called, agony in his perfect voice. "Bella, Bella, no, oh please, no, no!" And the angel was sobbing tearless, broken sobs.The angel shouldn't weep, it was wrong. I tried to find him, to tell him everything was fine, but the water was so deep, it was pressing on me, and I couldn't breathe.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|My heart no longer felt as if it belonged to me. It now felt as it had been stolen, torn from my chest by someone who wanted no part of it.
Captain Beefheart|First, we are a nation of different races, nationalities, and ethnic groups. This brings us to the second commonality… we are all Americans. Yes, we fuss, we have differences of opinions, but we are all Americans. The third and most important commonality is the fact that we all bleed red. We are humankind. These are the bonds that unite us and make us better human beings.
Juliana Barbassa, Dancing with the Devil in the City of God: Rio de Janeiro on the Brink|The reality is fuck the animals, fuck biodiversity, fuck the laws, and long live construction," [Ricardo Freitas] said. "All of this is being done because some people will make a lot of money, and it's being done with no monitoring, no support, no rescue of species.
Oscar Wilde|The true mystery of the world is the visible, not the invisible.
Marko S.|So often we look for a magic secret or new technique that will produce tremendous returns and results with little or no work. Those seeking this magic secret will never find it—for the secret to success is to continually live and apply basic, simple fundamentals over a long period of time.
Sarah Dessen, Once and for All|Everything in life had its phases, and if you were smart, you learned to appreciate them all. What really mattered, though, were the people in those moments with you. Memories are what we have and what we keep, and I held mine close. The ones I knew well, like a night on the beach with a boy who would always live in my heart, and the ones yet to come with another.
Julia Kristeva|Pregnancy = "the slow, difficult, and delightful apprenticeship in attentiveness, gentleness, forgetting oneself. The ability to succeed in this path without masochism and without annihilating one's affective, intellectual, and professional personality - such would seem to be the stakes to be won through guiltless maternity.
Louis MacNeice, Collected Poems 1925-1948|The Sunlight on the GardenThe sunlight on the gardenHardens and grows cold,We cannot cage the minuteWithin its nets of gold,When all is toldWe cannot beg for pardon.Our freedom as free lancesAdvances towards its end;The earth compels, upon itSonnets and birds descend;And soon, my friend,We shall have no time for dances.The sky was good for flyingDefying the church bellsAnd every evil ironSiren and what it tells:The earth compels,We are dying, Egypt, dyingAnd not expecting pardon,Hardened in heart anew,But glad to have sat underThunder and rain with you,And grateful tooFor sunlight on the garden.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|My soul is a hidden orchestra; I know not what instruments, what fiddlestrings and harps, drums and tamboura I sound and clash inside myself. All I hear is the symphony.
Mike Birbiglia|And the third is from him: "Second date?"I immediately text him back: "Hell yeah!"Then I collapse on my bed and enjoy that "butterflies in the stomach" feeling. I've felt the butterflies before from time to time, but this is the first time I haven't sort of wanted to attack them with a flyswatter.
Alice Paul|Women, by their nature, are not exceptional chess players: they are not great fighters.
Joyce Meyer|For me, the winning strategy in any start-up business is, 'Think big but start small.'
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|And I try to remember if this happened before, because this is a memory I would want to keep.But there is no echo of it in my mind.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1|If there are damned souls in Hell, it is because men blind themselves.
Adi Da Samraj, The Eating Gorilla Comes in Peace: The Transcendental Principle of Life Applied to Diet and the Regenerative Discipline of True Health|Reading can only take you so far, up to the moment where you must take action with your own hands
Charlie Haden|My beloved Mom and Pop always rated tops with each other, and that's the way it will always be.
Tristan Harris|Science and technology are the engines of prosperity. Of course, one is free to ignore science and technology, but only at your peril. The world does not stand still because you are reading a religious text. If you do not master the latest in science and technology, then your competitors will.
RuPaul|Anyone who teaches me deserves my respect, honoring and attention.
Rodolphe Kasser, The Gospel of Judas Together with the Letter of Peter to Phillip, James, and a Book of Allogenes from Codex Tchacos|But you will exceed all of them. For you will sacrifice the man who bears me. Already your horn has been raised, and your wrath has been kindled, and your star has passed by, and your heart has become strong." [--Jesus to Judas]
Michelle Obama|Over all our happy country - over all our Nation spread, Is a band of noble heroes - is our Army of the Dead.
Jean Nidetch|We all go through sad times, but I was brought up to be positive.
David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men|There’s something different about when a female directs versus a male. The level of maturity, mutual respect, and energy that you get from a female director is so different. I’ve worked with male directors who aren’t good, and no one says anything about it, but then we had one female director who was kind of all over the place and everyone complained. It’s so gendered. I feel safer when working with a female director because I know it’s from a female gaze.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if you really want to understand the real fear of God, ponder over Joseph with Potiphar's wife in the secret place; think about Abraham on his arduous errand to sacrifice Isaac without the knowledge of Sarah ; understand the urgency Jesus Christ attached to His work and His eagerness to do His Fathers will; appreciate the courage with which Shadrach Meshach and Abednego stood against all odds and also remember Daniel in the Lions Den.
Ehsan Sehgal|Go ahead, kill me! But live with this: All those people die!For the rest of your life, somewhere behind the feeds, that human part of you hiding down deep will always wonder how much pain you could have prevented if you hadn't been so weak!
Marissa Meyer, Cress|It must be wonderful to be you, Dominic, and know that you alone have shaped yourself. It must be even more wonderful for other people, your mother and even God Himself for all I know, to know that. It absolves them of a terrible responsibility.
Andrea Dworkin|The intelligence of women is not out in the world, acting on its own behalf; it is kept small, inside the home, acting on behalf of another. This is true even when the woman works outside the home, because she is segregated into women's work, and her intelligence does not have the same importance as the lay of her ass.
Melissa Senate, The Love Goddess' Cooking School|Do not let go of your right to make your own decisions, because by doing so you are letting go of who you really are.
Debasish Mridha|Create a goal and a purpose to live for, work for, and die for.
Euginia Herlihy|When we pray, we pray according God's word which helps us to grow in faith.
Arnold Ehret, The Definite Cure of Chronic Constipation: Also: Overcoming Constipation Naturally|Ebola haunted Zaire because of corruption and political repression. The virus had no secret powers, nor was it unusually contagious. For centuries Ebola had lurked in the jungles of central Africa. Its emergence into human populations required the special assistance of humanity's greatest vices : greed, corruption, arrogance, tyranny, and callousness.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|But you're absolutely sure we're right?' The question carried an intensity absent from the previous conversation. 'I remember talking with Henry Kissinger,' she continued, 'and he came up and said 'What's the matter, don't you think we're going to be re-elected? You were wrong on Haldeman.' And he seemed upset and said something about it being terribly, terribly unfair.'If there's anyone who has not been wronged, Woodward said, it is Bob Haldeman. It was the most definite statement Woodward made during lunch.'Oh, really,' said Mrs. Graham. 'I'm glad to hear you say that, because I was worried.' She paused. 'You've reassured me. You really have.' She looked at Woodward. Her face said, Do better.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Mehmet Murat ildan|I'm tired of hearing so many lies, please someone would invent a chipset installed on my ear that would block lies!
William H. McRaven|To play a cop's wife - there's so much in that world, the wives or partners of anyone who is a first responder - it's not an easy job. It's not an easy way to live, to say goodbye to someone in the morning and not know what's going to happen throughout the day.
Stephen King|There's something magical about spending a Sunday night watching real people at a deli, then watching fake people pretending to be real on TV, then engaging in (arguably) false interaction with (arguably) real people on the Internet. Never at any prior point in time has this been possible.
Liz  Newman|When he saw the lovers in the midst of the encircling crowd, Wells smiled once more, hoping that what he had thought moments before when he saw the smile appear on the girl's lips was true; that the love between Murray and Emma was permanent and unchanging; that in each universe, each reality, each and every world where their eyes met, they could not help but fall in love.
K.M. Shea, Life Reader|No book, however good, should ever be read as a task. If you do so read a book, it is very likely that you will not only get nothing out of it but that you will have toward the book and its author a repugnance that is unwarranted.
Gabe Newell|Museums provide places of relaxation and inspiration. And most importantly, they are a place of authenticity. We live in a world of reproductions - the objects in museums are real. It's a way to get away from the overload of digital technology.
Chris Martin|I love Bob Dylan. Who doesn't? He tapped into some kind of vein and it keeps on keeping on. There's nobody like him. He's unique, and just... way out cool.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion|In a way, the futile excuses many people use to cover their superstitions are demolished. They think it is enough to have some sort of religious fervor, however ridiculous, not realizing that true religion must be according to God's will as the perfect measure; that He can never deny Himself and is no mere spirit form to be changed around according to individual preference.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|A true businessperson should also be a true humanist who understands that he stands to gain the most in a world that is stable for those he deals with, even if they do not fare as well as he does.
Henry Mintzberg|Everyone was saying computers were going to be the future of art; everyone had to do something in this medium. And it was almost some sort of rebellion that I wanted to do these small, intimate drawings.
Barry Lyga, Game|You think you're gonna find your soul. Ever since I've known you, you've been thinkin' that someday you're gonna crack and end up like your daddy. And you're been looking for proof that you won't. What you don't realize is this: the looking is the proof. Trust me when I tell you that Billy Dent never had a moment's doubt in his life about what he was and what he was doing. Your doubt is your soul
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|I just remember things, places, stuffs and faces.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|To err is human, to forgive is divine... but I’m only a cardinal and cardinals are human, so rather than forgiving you I’m going to err towards beating you with this stick.
Jonathan Harnisch, Jonathan Harnisch: An Alibiography|Thoughts. Thoughts bombard my head, my brain. My psyche
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Worse than any severe mental illness, is the illness of bigotry.
Stacy Bierlein, A Vacation on the Island of Ex-Boyfriends|Her family was a relay team racing toward Tomorrowland, but her father died, and in their shock they kept losing the baton.
Wrushank Sorte|He paid her only the compliment of attention; and she felt a respect for him on the occasion, which the others had reasonably forfeited by their shameless want of taste.
Kristen Simmons, Article 5|Losing your family... it puts fear in a different perspective, Chase had once told me.
Janice  Anderson|By taking responsibility for your life, including your actions, reactions, thoughts, and words, you can create the life you know you deserve. How you live no longer depends on anyone or anything other than yourself.
Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic|I loved the quiet places in Kyoto, the places that held the world within a windless moment. Inside the temples, Nature held her breath. All longing was put to sleep in the stillness, and all was distilled into a clean simplicity.The smell of woodsmoke, the drift of incense; a procession of monks in black-and-gold robes, one of them giggling in a voice yet unbroken; a touch of autumn in the air, a sense of gathering rain.
Lisa Scottoline, Killer Smile|If you can't be brave, be determined. And you'll end up in the same place.
Koichiro Matsuura|Literacy is inseparable from opportunity, and opportunity is inseperable from freedom. The freedom promised by literacy is both freedom from - from ignorance, oppression, poverty - and freedom to - to do new things, to make choices, to learn.
Jonathan D. Spence, Emperor of China: Self-Portrait of K'ang-Hsi|The written word has its limits and its challenges, for the primal sound in the whole world is that made by the human voice, and the likeness of this human voice must be rendered in dots and strokes...Yet I never forget that the voice, too, is important...Don't mumble or hesitate. Speak...in a loud voice, clearly, and without fear.
Benjamin Suulola|Grace is a network, not hook-work. Your networking grace is what determines your networth in life which is the amount by which your assets will exceed your liabilities.
Tammy Wooster|The counselee should be aware that you are not God. Better yet, she should be aware that you are aware that you are not God.
Washington Irving|Poets are the sense, philosophers the intelligence of humanity.
Aisha Tyler|I was raised by a single dad, and I've always kind of liked things that are typically more guy-oriented.
Steven J. Lee, The Money Plan: Creating Personal Wealth for a Secure Future|Thy shalt not worship thy investment advisor, for if she were so smart she would be retired by now.
Robert Kiyosaki|Openness explains the ability to innovate and come up with big ideas because you're open to them, and fluid intelligence explains the ability to go and execute.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|Opportunity may only knock once, but temptation'll knock down the damn door and drag you out by the hair.
Kelley Armstrong, Enthralled: Paranormal Diversions|You’re repulsive, Mike.”“Huh?”“I said, you’re impulsive. Such a fun, impulsive guy.” When Leah looked into her date’s little eyes, she couldn’t help picturing Mavis Fletcher’s prize sow Gertie in a two-thousand-dollar silk suit and a gold Tag Heuer watch.
Wassilly Kandinsky|Color is the keyboard, the eyes are the harmonies, the soul is the piano with many strings. The artist is the hand that plays, touching one key or another, to cause vibrations in the soul.
Michelle Franklin|Life makes beggars out of those who have joyful hearts, taxing the living with hardship and tribulation, but the charity of companionship, the currency of shared and unmitigated love, alleviates all disconsolation.
T.J. Kirk|And how can evil be the mere absence of good? Is genocide the absence of something, of what? Of kindness? Were there no kind Nazis? Of love? Were there no Maoist revolutionaries who loved their families? Evil is an act, we commit evil proactively, it doesn't simply emerge in the absence of good. When you don't put a dollar in the donation tin in the front of the convenience store it doesn't mean that an ax murderer was created. We human beings have one set of actions described as "good" and another set described as "evil.
Kellan Lutz|I love to take risks, I love to travel, and I'm very outdoor-sy, so any girl who can pick up a football and throw a spiral will definitely catch my attention.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|The sun rose slowly, as if it wasn't sure it was worth all the effort.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|I love the vastness of the ocean. I love its serenity, tranquility, humility, and purifying power.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Any form of art can be known only in deep silence, to be in silence is to be receptive - No sooner you become receptive, you become woman, it has nothing to do with gender, its a quality, which is why woman is epitome of Receptivity!
Robert Benchley|Opera is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and, instead of bleeding, he sings.
C. JoyBell C.|I suggest that people walk around under the moon barefoot, as I have today. There's that voice of your mom and dad and aunt and big sister and uncle and annoying cousin in your ear saying "Your feet are going to get dirty and you're going to turn into a bat" so the defiance in the act of simply taking your shoes off and standing there under that moon— is astronomical. A dirty-feet-moonlit-defiance that will make you smile.
James Wan|We think craft is important, and the irony has always been that horror may be disregarded by critics, but often they are the best-made movies you're going to find in terms of craft. You can't scare people if they see the seams.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|One thing yo learn when you've lived as long as I have-people aren't all good, and people aren't all bad. We move in and out of darkness and light all of our lives. Right now, I'm pleased to be in the light.
Saint Basil|Without food, we cannot survive, and that is why issues that affect the food industry are so important.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Kronos would be 10 times more powerful. His very presence would incinerate you. And once he achieves this he will empower the other Titans. They are weak, compared to what they soon will become, unless you can stop them, the world will fall, the gods will die, and I will never achieve a perfect score on this stupid machine.
J.C. Reed, Conquer Your Love|I hated him, loved him, wanted him, and yet I wished him away. So many conflicting emotions of wants and needs. So much fear. Not because of him, but because of myself—of how deep my feelings and desires were running, and how much I would fall if I happened to lose my grip.
Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow|Down the hill I went, and then,I forgot the ways of men,For night-scents, heady and damp and coolWakened ecstasy 
Erik Thoennes|If you can explain, then it's not the Dream. The dream can never be put into words, it can only be felt through the heart
Samuel Smiles|When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.
Thomas Henry Huxley|In fact a favourite problem of [John Tyndall] is—Given the molecular forces in a mutton chop, deduce Hamlet or Faust therefrom. He is confident that the Physics of the Future will solve this easily.
Patty Murray|You can assume that the leaf you see let go of a branch and fall towards the ground has never been considered by any being but yourself. Catch it in your hand - or, even better, keep walking until one falls into your reach naturally - and it will have spent its whole time on the planet without ever touching the ground, only because of you.
Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native|Labor is prior to, and independent of, capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor and could never have existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital, and deserves much the higher consideration." &“These capitalists generally act harmoniously and in concert, to fleece the people”– –
Aristotle|The void is 'not-being,' and no part of 'what is' is a 'not-being,'; for what 'is' in the strict sense of the term is an absolute plenum. This plenum, however, is not 'one': on the contrary, it is a 'many' infinite in number and invisible owing to the minuteness of their bulk.
E.F. Benson, The Collected Ghost Stories of E.F. Benson|As he walked along, consciously enjoying the early coolness of the morning, he turned and looked behind him. People often do this and are usually surprised to find that there is some reason for turning around. Sometimes there is no apparent reason and they wonder why they did it. ("Ordeal By Water")
Brian James, Pure Sunshine|One might have to be a little ruthless to seize back control of one's life, don't you think?
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Open your soul and put it out there and dare the world to read it, ready to have them stomp on you and laugh, but ready to do it again the next day.
Gillian Jacobs|A friend of mine wrote a script, a feminist romantic comedy. She had a feminist scholar consult on it. My friend said, 'Oh, my friend Gillian read it and really loved it.' She goes, 'Gillian Jacobs, you mean: Britta Perry, feminist icon?'
Leslie Ludy, When God Writes Your Love Story: The Ultimate Approach to Guy/Girl Relationships|She [the wife of godly character] brings him [her husband] good, not harm, all the days of her life (Proverbs 31:12). Wait a minute! My mind raced. All the days of her life? What was that supposed to mean? I had yet to meet any woman who had been married all the days of her life. Did this verse mean that she tried to do her husband good…even before she met him?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I don't think you should be an Auror, Harry," said Luna unexpectedly. Everybody looked at her. "The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. They're working to bring down the Ministry of Magic from within using a mixture of dark magic and gum disease.
Stephen Kendrick, Holy Clues: The Gospel According to Sherlock Holmes|There is an old story from the Eastern tradition that says that when the gods created the universe, they found a place for everything but the truth, and this created a problem, because the gods did not want this wisdom discovered right away. One of the gods suggested the top of the highest mountain, another the farthest star, a third spoke up for the dark side of the moon, and another for the bottom of the deepest ocean. Finally, they decide to place truth inside the human heart. In that way, we would search for it all over the universe, with the secret within us all the time. 
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|When you go through a hard period,When everything seems to oppose you,... When you feel you cannot even bear one more minute,NEVER GIVE UP!Because it is the time and place that the course will divert!
Vaibhav Soni|Be weary of the unknown inside of every human being, but do not fear it, embrace it.
Mary Haskell|Nothing you become will disappoint me; I have no preconception that I'd like to see you be or do. I have no desire to forsee you, only to discover you. You can't disappoint me
Anthony Liccione|Next time I will ...""From now on I will ..."- What makes me think I am wiser today than I will be tomorrow?
A.W. Tozer, The Attributes of God: A Journey Into the Father's Heart|Contemporaries relate that hearing Martin Luther pray was "an experience in theology". They said the reformer began praying with such humility that he could be pitied, only to proceed with such boldness before God that the human hearer would fear for him.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|A man needs to feel a little fear, Tolui, if only to have the pride of conquering it.
Mary-Ellen Peters|As the stewards of creation, what account will the Human Race be able to give of our Stewardship?
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|Your thoughts, the way you think is the most powerful influence in your life.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|It seems to me that we all look at Nature too much, and live with her too little. I discern great sanity in the Greek attitude. They never chattered about sunsets, or discussed whether the shadows on the grass were really mauve or not. But they saw that the sea was for the swimmer, and the sand for the feet of the runner. They loved the trees for the shadow that they cast, and the forest for its silence at noon.
Melvin Konner|At the conclusion of all our studies we must try once again to experience the human soul as soul, and not just as a buzz of bioelectricity; the human will as will, and not just a surge of hormones; the human heart not as a fibrous, sticky pump, but as the metaphoric organ of understanding. We need not believe in them as metaphysical entities -- they are as real as the flesh and blood they are made of. But we must believe in them as entities; not as analyzed fragments, but as wholes made real by our contemplation of them, by the words we use to talk of them, by the way we have transmuted them to speech. We must stand in awe of them as unassailable, even though they are dissected before our eyes.
Ayana Prende, The Anatomy of Desire|To secure his king's trust, his family's future, and perhaps even his own happiness, he needed to convince her he was more than a mercenary -- in fact, a man who would stand by her side.
Matt Padwick, Running Contra Diction|Sometimes it was during the breaks that the real meditation happened - moments when it was obvious that wisdom is not something you have, but a wave-length you tune in to.
Evelyn Underhill|On every level of life, from housework to heights of prayer, in all judgment and efforts to get things done, hurry and impatience are sure marks of the amateur.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|...celebrating the Eucharist as a remembrance of Christ means practicing God's justice towards neighbors, strangers, and enemies alike.
Virginia Alison|Love does not broadcast its arrival, it just creeps up and envelops your soul when you least expect it. It is up to you whether you welcome or fight it, but one thing is for sure...It will get you in the end...
Joseph Prince, Unmerited Favor: Depending on Jesus for every success in your life|He said "Love...as I have loved you." We cannot love too much.
Vironika Tugaleva|When someone is cruel, harsh, mean, to not take their words personally is one thing, but to hear the silent cry within those words is another. This sort of perspective can not only liberate us from crippling self-doubt in the face of criticism, it can also liberate us from automatically becoming blind participants in the interaction patterns that the cruel person has become accustomed to—a favour we do for the other person as much as for ourselves.
Kellie Elmore|If we change our thoughts from 'it's too late' to, 'there's still hope', we might see some change in the world.
Thomas Robert Malthus|Her clear conscience mocked rumour’s mendacity, But we are a mob prone to credit sin.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You cannot bury someone with the Shereketa spirit for long. Even if they are thrown into problems, they will rise back up.
Aletheia Luna, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|As emotional radars, empaths instantly pick up on the vibes around them and tend to gravitate the most towards those who are hurting – even if they’re not in a good place. Their intense desire to help and soothe the pain of others often results in a whole range of interpersonal and inner issues.
Peter Cave, What's Wrong with Eating People?: 33 More Perplexing Philosophy Puzzles|A sense of freedom is something that, happily, comes with age and life experience.
Ian McEwan, Enduring Love|Just remember, though you may have an ample set of well-wishers who would pray for you, there would always be an extra set of prayer called out for you in some part of the world.
Dennis Lehane, The Given Day|[The Lord's Supper teaches that] Rituals are good, and they are instituted and used by God to 'connect' his people with him. We learn through ritual that the church is not just made up of individuals, but is a corporate body. It is not just about personal salvation, but a group of people, the people of God, who are bound to one another and to the faithful through the generations. (page 263)
John Grisham, The Confession|You will always be too much of something for someone: too big, too loud, too soft, too edgy. If you round out your edges, you lose your edge.
M.F. Moonzajer|sometimes the most logical thought that come out from our head is far from "logic" in reality.
Nicholas Sparks, The Best of Me|Everyone wanted to believe that endless love was possible. She'd believed in it once too, back when she was eighteen. But she knew that love was messy, just like life. It took turns that people couldn't foresee or even understand, leaving a long trail of regret in its wake. And almost always, those regrets led to the kinds of what if questions that could never be answered.
David A.  Norris, Restoring Education: Central to American Greatness Fifteen Principles That Liberated Mankind from the Politics of Tyranny|From the beginning, Judeo-Christian principles have been the foundation for American public dialogue and government policy. They serve as the solid basis for political activism in support of a better socioeconomic environment. Found in American homes, truth from the Hebrew Christian Bible has enabled individual liberty to prevail over secular empires because it is a practical message about reality from man’s Creator. In their quest for liberty, Americans focused upon the conspicuously self-evident “Laws of Nature and of Nature’s God.” It is the governing character of these principles (laws), such as humility, the Golden Rule, and the Ten Commandments, that leads to success. This is the sure foundation upon which man’s right to “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness” rests. Called “virtue” by America’s Founding Fathers, the impartial and divine element frees man to do what is right. “Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty” (2 Cor. 3:17).
Jeff Zentner, The Serpent King|She got up , walked around the table, and gave him a lingering hug, running her fingers through the back of his hair. She'd been finding more excuses to hug him lately."What was that for?" Dill asked."Because you looked like your heart stepped on a Lego.
Mark Owen, No Easy Day: The Firsthand Account of the Mission That Killed Osama Bin Laden|I had no idea if the photos [of Osama bin Laden's dead body] would ever be made public, and I didn't care.
Diana Ross|I was king of the mountain for a long time, well, I don't want that no more. I like to perform every once in a while for people who want to see me, and cut albums of music that is what I'm really about.
Dee Marie, Sons of Avalon: Merlin's Prophecy|Fighting in the name of freedom has too high a price," Merlin sighed as he leaned into his mother's arms.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t pursue purpose, you won’t know what to with your time
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|When we contemplate, we realize that one moment is not separate from the other; What we need is to live from one moment to the next, as this is reality of the eternal now.
Misty Copeland|I admire people's marriages, and I think it's a wonderful thing to have, but I don't think it's the only way to live. I think there are many ways to live and many ways to establish intimate support in your life that can be from family or friends or great roommates that you like.
Pratibha Patil|Good painting is like good cooking; it can be tasted, but not explained.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Seawater One...."|…The story of the Pledge of Allegiance and its National Socialist roots is a fascinating one. Dr. Rex Curry, a passionate libertarian, has made the issue his white whale.
Lailah Gifty Akita|when Jesus is on the sea in the middle of a tempest the problem becomes the boat and not the sea"Matt. 14:22-33
Leslie H. Hardman, The Survivors: The Story of the Belsen Remnant|God help me! I am small and alone but I must help them; and I most not waste a moment, because every moment another soul dies.
Shelley Peterson, Stagestruck|The mind is a curious thing, Abby. We see what we want to see, we hear what we're hoping to hear. The one thing we all do well is fool ourselves.
John Eldredge, Captivating: Unveiling the Mystery of a Woman's Soul|Sometimes the idea of living as a hermit appeals to all of us. No demands, no needs, no pain, no disappointments. But that is because we have been hurt, are worn out.
Shannon L. Alder|Every broken heart has screamed at one time or another, "I want to know why!
Sarah E. Olson, Becoming One: A Story of Triumph Over Dissociative Identity Disorder|I've been depressed all day. I feel like such a fraud. People say how special and wonderful I am. I think,"Can't they tell? "—Nita, September 18, 1984
Philip Pullman|It comes from history. It comes from the record of the Inquisition, persecuting heretics and torturing Jews and all that sort of stuff; and it comes from the other side, too, from the Protestants burning the Catholics. It comes from the insensate pursuit of innocent and crazy old women, and from the Puritans in America burning and hanging the witches — and it comes not only from the Christian church but also from the Taliban. Every single religion that has a monotheistic god ends up by persecuting other people and killing them because they don't accept him. Wherever you look in history, you find that. It’s still going on.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|I don’t know what boldness came over me, but the resolute heaviness of Dash’s demeanor threatened to crush my soul. My pinky finger crept over and nestled against his, for comfort. Like a magnet, his pinky finger latched onto and intertwined with mine. I like magnets a whole lot.
Pamela Clare, Skin Deep|Our kiss eclipses all others, real, imagine, dreamed of. It is the beginning of time, it is the end of the ages.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|In addition, human beings have, in the most recent few tenths of a percent of our existence, invented not only extra-genetic but also extrasomatic knowledge: information stored outside our bodies, of which writing is the most notable example.
Jen Campbell, The Bookshop Book|After reading a book, you become someone else: Now you are not you, but you plus the book!
Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker|I like to have a martini,Two at the very most.After three I'm under the table,after four I'm under my host.
Dada Bhagwan|One with higher 'revolutions' of intellect has a higher power of understanding. He will understand before explanation becomes necessary. Laborers do not have even five 'revolutions' per minute and an intellectual has one to two thousand 'revolutions' per minute. The higher the 'revolutions, the quicker he will understand this ‘Science’ [Akram Vignan].
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|A drinker does not exist. Whatever they say, it is just the drink talking
Dean Koontz, Lightning|In tragedy and despair, when an endless night seems to have fallen, hope can be found in the realization taht the companion of night is not another night, that the companion of night is day, that darkness always gives way to light, and that death rules only half of creation, life the other half.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|If parents start to fear that monsters may have been let loose in their children's bedrooms, it may be because their children are the monsters. Consider what kind of world they are growing up in. It can all end tomorrow. Material progress no longer seems as closely meshed with human evolution as it once was; the anticipated leap into the future may not take place in a time or manner that can be so easily predicted. However, by now everyone from Richard Nixon to Chairman Mao knows that the only way to force the evolutionary curve to bend your way is by throwing larger numbers at it.
Allan Lokos, Pocket Peace: Effective Practices for Enlightened Living|We train the mind so that we can enjoy greater peace, happiness, wisdom & equanimity.
Virat Kohli|I've been on so many movies. Generally, I haven't gotten to be on the ground level. As of two years ago, in 'Dear John,' I got to really be on the ground floor. I wasn't a producer. I felt like I put the work in, and I did have a lot of sway on what got fixed, reshoots, so on and so forth. It felt really good.
Dorien Kelly, The Last Bride in Ballymuir|He laughed, a big, open-mouthed laugh that made her think of words beginning with the letter O.
Zac Bissonnette, The Great Beanie Baby Bubble: Mass Delusion and the Dark Side of Cute|Ty Inc.'s 1989 catalog had this on the back cover: "Warning: If anyone dare copy our creative designs and patents without written permission, ownership of your eternal soul passes to us and we have the right to negotiate the sale of said soul. Furthermore, our attorneys will see to it that life on Earth, as you know it, is not worth living.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Oleander Girl|In the temple, I sit on the cool floor next to Grandfather, beneath the stern benevolence of the goddess's glance. Grandfather is clad in only a traditional silk dhoti--no fancy modern clothes for him. That's one of the things I admire about him, how he is always unapologetically, uncompromisingly himself. His spine is erect and impatient; white hairs blaze across his chest.
Edward Dyer|My mind to me a kingdom is,Such present joys therein I find,That it excels all other blissThat world affords or grows by kind.Though much I want which most would have,Yet still my mind forbids to crave.
Filippo Bologna, The Parrots|What a waste of time it would be to insist that everyone develop each of the specialties we call upon to an equal level. We'd get bogged down in remedial training programs, trying to get the cornet players up to speed with the computer programmers, sacrificing the tends to be exceptional in so many individual situations in order to be average in all of them.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|God makes it all come right in the end, that's what Johnnie told Dock Barker just before we parted company. I was raised a Christian-I admit I fell away a bit along my journey-and I believe that: we're stuck with what we have, but that's all right; in God's eyes, none of us are really much more than flies on strings and all that matters is how much sunshine you can spread along the way.
Joseph Schwartz, Ritual Abuse and Mind Control: The Manipulation of Attachment Needs|Traumatic events challenge an individual's view of the world as a just, safe and predictable place. Traumas that are caused by human behavior. . . commonly have more psychological impact than those caused by nature.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|We must teach our children to get 'EXCITED' about life and the World around them,instead of 'painting' their minds with OUR potrayal of 'how' the World is...children learn from 'emulating' their elders,not by being told...which asks US to 'live' that excitement.If we do not live that way then LEARN it and pass it on to our children..We will be doing them a HUGE FAVOR!
Rochelle H. Ragnarok, The Boy with the Koi Tattoo|Justice DeniedThousands of women, probably moreI cannot reach them behind justice doorsMany stay silent, barred just like me.Haunted by demons, faces unseen.Still by the hundreds, they continue to serveDuty and country, active and reserve.Thankless, forgotten through America's warsScarred like their brethren, treated as foes.Volunteered to go to the shores.Died like the others, shamed to the core.Where is the dignity, long since denied? Lost in the White House of Justice DeniedWomen in service since beginning of time Often they're treated like victims in crime.Where is their voice, silence throughout the years? It's dead in the Senate and House, with their tears!
Caroline Greyling, Five|It feels like I was made to fit here, in the space beneath his heart.
Cilla Black|I think I'm a romantic person, yeah.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|Idiot - A member of a large and powerful tribe whose influence in human affairs has always been dominant and controlling. The Idiot's activity is not confined to any special field of thought or action, but "pervades and regulates the whole." He has the last word in everything; his decision is unappealable. He sets the fashions and opinion of taste, dictates the limitations of speech and circumscribes conduct with a dead-line.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|We've got to have rules and obey them. After all, we're not savages. We're English, and the English are best at everything.
David Levithan, Every Day|The sound of the words as they're said is always different from the sound they make when they're heard, because the speaker hears some of the sound from the inside
Guy Debord|He will essentially follow the language of the spectacle, for it is the only one he is familiar with.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|The more loftily we see Christ enthroned, and the more lowly we are when bowing before the foot of the throne, the more truly shall we be prepared to act our part towards Him.
Wendy Liebman|Porsche is a driver's car - a performance car. That was funny - here's this awesome car, but it's got no cup holders.
J.R. Rain, Moon Bayou|Everyone knew the Hans Christian Andersen fairytale about the Sandman and how he brought sweet dreams to sleepers. An early, now-defunct Reve company had even used him as their mascot. But that's all the Sandman had been - a mascot. A little grinning elf holding an hourglass.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|By using repetition, images, and other strategies - all of which communicate truths in ways that are not cognitively or propositional - marketing forms us into the kind of persons who want to buy beer to have meaningful relationships, or to buy a car to be respected, or buy the latest thing to come along simply to satisfy the desire that has been formed and implanted in us. It is important to appreciate that these disciplinary mechanisms transmit values and truth claims, but not via propositions or cognitive means; rather, the values are transmitted more covertly...This covertness of the operation is also what makes it so powerful: the truths are inscribed in us through the powerful instruments of imagination and ritual.
Donald Culross Peattie, American Heartwood|Prying out a stump reminded him of how deeply a tree clung to the ground, how tenacious a hold it had on a place. Though he was not a sentimental man - he did not cry when his children died, he simply dug the graves and buried them - James was silent each time he killed a tree, thinking of its time spent in that spot. He never did this with the animals he hunted - they were food, and transient, passing through this world and out again, as people did. But trees felt permanent - until you had to cut them down.
Jeannette Walls|I feel like I failed," I said. "Don't beat yourself up," Jim said. "She might not have turned out like you planned, but that don't mean she turned out wrong.
William Safire|In lieu of those checks and balances central to our legal system,non-citizens face an executive that is now investigator, prosecutor,judge, jury and jailer or executioner. In an Orwellian twist, Bush'sorder calls this Soviet-style abomination 'a full and fair trial.
Taylor Mali|Everything I do is kind of a lesson, even if I am the only person who learns it.
Anne Bishop, Queen of the Darkness|War sounds romantic, heroic even, until everyone you know starts dying.
Samantha M. King|Negative people feed off of your anger, let them starve.
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|I’m talking to you in bed at one in the morning. How mad can I be?”I picture him there, in what, flannel pajamas? Underwear? Nothing at all?
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Book of Life|And for the rest of her life, the girl, the woman, she never made a mark on anyone either that proved anything absolutely for certain, that she could ever see, about what she had done at any time, and this does not break her heart."Cloud
Brian Blessed|The kinds of roles dogs fill can be hard to come by in human relationships. We touch the dog or the pet at whim. There is a lack of self-consciousness and a fluidity to it that is absent from most human relationships. If someone acted that way to you, you'd feel claustrophobic pretty quickly. It's a boundary violation.
Michael J. Fox, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist|Problems can usually be solved with simple, mundane solutions. That means there’s no glamorous work. You don’t get to show off your amazing skills. You just build something that gets the job done and then move on. This approach may not earn you oohs and aahs, but it lets you get on with it.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|I’d like to share with you a parable: the parable of Bob the Angel.A girl was walking down a darkly lit city street late at night. A man jumped out from the shadows and attacked her, suddenly she was suffocating and disoriented as hands clasped around her neck and the force of his attack started to push her down. She tried to yell as she struggled to pull his arms from her neck while she crumpled backwards to the ground, “God . . . help me!” The next thing she remembers—just as the fear consumed her, and right as she disappeared into the misery and despair of helplessness—was a loud crash and an explosion of glass which rained down upon her and her attacker. The assailant’s lifeless body was suspended above her, held from collapsing on her by an unknown force, and then pulled away from hovering over her and dropped onto the pavement beside her. She opened her eyes in the faint shadowy light, to see black matted hair and a long, black beard framing the eyes of a man. The smell of alcohol on his breath would have knocked her out if the adrenaline was not still trilling through her veins. There he stood, God’s angel, off-kilter and drunk, with a broken whiskey bottle in his hand. “You probably shouldn’t be walking through here this late at night,” was all he said as he turned away.“Wait! What’s your name?” she asked, still stunned half sitting up on the ground.All she heard as he walked away was his trailing voice calling, “Bob’s as good as any. . . .” An angel is a messenger, and sometimes we only want letters sent in white envelopes with beautiful gold print, when sometimes a simple “no” on the back of a gum wrapper is what we are offered. Every postcard from heaven does not come with a picture of the sunset there, nor should it. If it is an answer we want, an answer we will get. As far as pretty postcards, there are many others willing to send us that. If not harps and gold-tipped wings, what then is the mark of an angel? An answer which pierces your soul, and which inspires a question that invites you to look outside of yourself and up to God. God is very objective; He wants to make us think, to engage the faculties we have been given, and to learn from the messengers he sends us. He wants us in the ark before the flood; he could come himself—or send a Noah—but most of the time he sends Bob. Bob is in you, Bob is in me, Bob is in the emotionalized, sarcastic, mocking, patronizing, proud or foolish person which points out meaningful things to us in the worst possible moments, or in the worst possible way.
Susana Fortes, Waiting for Robert Capa|The secret of life is not in the Die And Live,The secret of life is Don't ever lose your senses in the NOW.
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Undead Next Door|You know how to shoot?"- Emma"Yes. My dad taught me everything about gun safety. He was an expert." - Heather"What happened to him?" -Shanna"He was...shot." -Heather
Latika Teotia|We are all trying very hard to be kind, considerate and compassionate. How much we succeed depends on which side of the table we are on. What we feel is our best foot forward may appear to be uncaring to others. So before forming opinions look within and grant people grace. As it is life is pretty difficult for us because we all are struggling with something or the other. No one really purposely wants to trouble or hurt anybody.
S.A.  David, 7 Flash|[He] had to submit to the fate of every newcomer in a small town, where many tongues talk but few heads think.
Guillaume Musso, Seras-tu là?|One kiss, I was totally hooked.
Patrick Jasper Lee|Don't assume, because you are intelligent, able, and well-motivated, that you are open to communication, that you know how to listen.
Joyce Carol Oates, My Sister, My Love|Popular! In America, what else matters?
Walter Pater|It's the sad thing about entertainment, it's not always about who is the best.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Luck, I believe, is where preparation meets opportunity.
Bill Bryson, Shakespeare: The World as Stage|And there was never a better time to delve for pleasure in language than the sixteenth century, when novelty blew through English like a spring breeze. Some twelve thousand words, a phenomenal number, entered the language between 1500 and 1650, about half of them still in use today, and old words were employed in ways not tried before. Nouns became verbs and adverbs; adverbs became adjectives. Expressions that could not have grammatically existed before - such as 'breathing one's last' and 'backing a horse', both coined by Shakespeare - were suddenly popping up everywhere.
Alexis Ohanian|I grew up as an artist. Science fiction allows for design and creatures and guns and all the stuff that I like as well. So I think most of the films I make, I'm sure, will be in that category. But I can also see myself making a film like 'Black Hawk Down,' and I could also totally do horror.
Franz Kafka|Very much alone in my work, I am almost jealous of it.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light|In the City of Light, the stars are blind. Our constellations do not reside in the skies.
Susan Sontag|The sky [above Tehran] was like a star-eaten black blanket, and so far as I could read them its constellations were unfamiliar. Lawrence speaks somewhere of drawing 'strength from the depths of the universe'; Malcolm Lowry speaks about the deadness of the stars except when he looked at them with a particular girl; I had neither feeling. The founder of the Jesuits used to spend many hours under the stars; it is hard to be certain whether his first stirrings of scientific speculation or pre-scientific wonder about space and the stars in their own nature were some element in his affinity with starlight, or whether for him they were only a point of departure, but in this matter I think I am about fifty years more modern than Saint Ignatius; stars mean to me roughly what they meant to Donne's generation, a bright religious sand imposing the sense of an intrusion into human language, and arousing a certain personal thirst to be specific.
Cindee Snider Re, Discovering Hope: Beginning the Journey Toward Hope in Chronic Illness|Could our plodding, our daily persevering through a life we didn't expect, don't want and didn't choose, actually bring blessing?
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|He could do the dextral pain the same way: Abiding. Here was a second right here: he endured it. What was undealable-with was the thought of all the instants all lined up and stretching ahead, glittering. And the projected future fear. ... It's too much to think about. To Abide there. But none of it's as of now real. ... He could just hunker down in the space between each heartbeat and make each heartbeat a wall and live in there. Not let his head look over. What's unendurable is what his own head could make of it all. ... But he could choose not to listen.
George Harrison|As long as you hate, there will be people to hate.
Thomas Pynchon, Slow Learner: Early Stories|When you reach voting age, we will take your opinion under consideration.
Shannon A. Thompson, July Thunder|Some rumors said she was a demon from another world. Other rumors said she was death incarnate, someone to remind us of our misdeeds. But no one had said how beautiful she was. No one had mentioned her eyes. The ones that showed color only for a second. A hint of beauty in absolute blackness.
Josh Billings|The conventional wisdom is that people come to the United States, and immigration is so great, and they say, 'America, what a great country.' And a lot of that is true.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to use the power of love to win the war, universal peace and happiness will be there.
Evangeline Lilly|As marriage goes, I think most people sort of set being - you know getting married as the goal as opposed to being married.
Israel Horovitz|The fact of the matter is that when there are feelings involved and you like someone, it doesn't matter if you're an actor, a teacher, a doctor, a lawyer, a receptionist - you can't really help it when you have feelings for someone.
Claire Vaye Watkins, Gold Fame Citrus|[W]hile our souls are meager, nature has surplus. Yet something of the mechanism's subject was indeed dissolved in that silver chloride, flattened then minted as those promiscuous postcards we saw now, which we could not now unsee, for we had accepted unawares a bit of the Canyon each time we saw a photograph of it, and those pieces, filtered and diluted, had accumulated in us, so that we never saw anything for the first time. Perhaps the ugliest of our impulses, to shove the sublime through a pinhole.
Kendal Rob|Worry adds no hours to a day, nor happiness to a smile, so it is not worth succumbing to, especially when it obscures the sight of potential.
Janet Napolitano|As part of our layered approach, we have expedited the deployment of new Advanced Imaging Technology (AIT) units to help detect concealed metallic and non-metallic threats on passengers. These machines are now in use at airports nationwide, and the vast majority of travelers say they prefer this technology to alternative screening measures.
Hariom Sisodia, The Magic of Referrals|He (Daedalus) would follow that bearing, the sun on his shoulders and the past slipping away.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Sometimes we learn the lessons of life through pain, melancholy and the vicissitude of life and sometimes we learn the lessons of life through joy and comfort. Whatever be the case, the most important thing is the great lesson we learn out of the lessons life teaches us. If you fail to learn the lessons greatly, life will teach you a great lesson.
Edward J. Rathke, Ash Cinema|The ocean of the past, I still hide from so much of it and rely on all that I don't run from. Everything before him, I waited for the nightmare to end, and it did when he accepted me into his arms. It was a new birth, a new life, but it flashed too briefly and left me with only these rabid bits of time that eat me, these memories that haunt me, but he, the ghost I need, remains lost.
Lewis Carroll|When I use a word,’ Humpty Dumpty said, in rather a scornful tone, ‘it means just what I choose it to mean—neither more nor less.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|Who knew what evil lurked in the hearts of men? A copper, that's who. (...)You saw how close men lived to the beast. You realized that people like Carcer were not mad. They were incredibily sane. They were simply men without a shield. They'd looked at the world and realized that all the rules didn't have to apply to them, not if they didn't want them to. They weren't fooled by all the little stories. They shook hands with the beast.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|...I therefore hate the corrupt, slaveholding, women-whipping, cradle-plundering, partial and hypocritical Christianity of the land... I look upon it as the climax of all misnomers, the boldest of all frauds, and the grossest of all libels. Never was there a clearer case of 'stealing the livery of the court of heaven to serve the devil in.' I am filled with unutterable loathing when I contemplate the religious pomp and show, together with the horrible inconsistencies, which every where surround me. We have men-stealers for ministers, women-whippers for missionaries, and cradle-plunderers for church members. The man who wields the blood-clotted cowskin during the week fills the pulpit on Sunday, and claims to be a minister of the meek and lowly Jesus. . . . The slave auctioneer’s bell and the church-going bell chime in with each other, and the bitter cries of the heart-broken slave are drowned in the religious shouts of his pious master. Revivals of religion and revivals in the slave-trade go hand in hand together. The slave prison and the church stand near each other. The clanking of fetters and the rattling of chains in the prison, and the pious psalm and solemn prayer in the church, may be heard at the same time. The dealers in the bodies of men erect their stand in the presence of the pulpit, and they mutually help each other. The dealer gives his blood-stained gold to support the pulpit, and the pulpit, in return, covers his infernal business with the garb of Christianity. Here we have religion and robbery the allies of each other—devils dressed in angels’ robes, and hell presenting the semblance of paradise.
Bill Bryson, The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid|They were Republicans, Nixon Republicans, and so didn't subscribe to the notion that laws are supposed to apply to all people equally.
Hubert Van Zeller|The soul hardly ever realizes it, but whether he is a believer or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Observing Subjectively; Objecting subjection's intimately. The Sublime from the relaxed state of awe, hatches the state of beauty which flows through.As Above So Below,As Within So Without,The Monad of Experience.
James Goss, Doctor Who: Dead of Winter|When a child dies, a parent loses a part of themselves,” he said. “Your whole world ceases to exist and you’re nothing but a shell of the person you once were. Your mom has dealt with it in her way, me in mine, and you in yours.” He lifted his hand off John’s gravestone and rose. “Your mom hates the world, I avoid it, and you try to save it.
Sharon Salzberg, Lovingkindness: The Revolutionary Art of Happiness|The eternity of "anytime" shines in this moment "now" while the unlimitedness of "anyplace" is manifested in the limits of "here." When the universality of "anyone" dances out in the individual "I," for the first time you have the world of Zen.
Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit|Real isn't how you are made,' said the Skin Horse. 'It's a thing that happens to you. When a child loves you for a long, long time, not just to play with, but REALLY loves you, then you become Real.''Does it hurt?' asked the Rabbit. 'Sometimes,' said the Skin Horse, for he was always truthful. 'When you are Real you don't mind being hurt.' 'Does it happen all at once, like being wound up,' he asked, 'or bit by bit?' 'It doesn't happen all at once,' said the Skin Horse. 'You become. It takes a long time. That's why it doesn't happen often to people who break easily, or have sharp edges, or who have to be carefully kept. Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.
Amanda Lindhout|Because travel has always been such a vital part of myself and so essential to who I am, I have made the decision to continue to put myself back out into the world. And that's not an easy decision to make.
Patrick Rothfuss|If you want to write a fantasy story with Norse gods, sentient robots, and telepathic dinosaurs, you can do just that. Want to throw in a vampire and a lesbian unicorn while you're at it? Go ahead. Nothing's off limits. But the endless possibility of the genre is a trap. It's easy to get distracted by the glittering props available to you and forget what you're supposed to be doing: telling a good story. Don't get me wrong, magic is cool. But a nervous mother singing to her child at night while something moves quietly through the dark outside her house? That's a story. Handled properly, it's more dramatic than any apocalypse or goblin army could ever be.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|You've sort of made up for it tonight,' said Harry. 'Getting the sword. Finishing off the Horcux. Saving my life.' 'That makes me sound a lot cooler than I was,' Ron mumbled.'Stuff like that always sounds cooler than it really was,' said Harry. 'I've been trying to tell you that for years.'Simultaneously they walked forwards and hugged, Harry gripping the still sopping back of Ron's jacket.
Barbara Hambly, Dragonsbane|Dragonsbane, they called him.Slayer of dragons.Or a dragon, anyway. And, he'd later found out, not such a very big one at that.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|The Children's HourBetween the dark and the daylight,When the night is beginning to lower,Comes a pause in the day's occupations,That is known as the Children's Hour.I hear in the chamber above meThe patter of little feet,The sound of a door that is opened,And voices soft and sweet.From my study I see in the lamplight,Descending the broad hall stair,Grave Alice, and laughing Allegra,And Edith with golden hair.A whisper, and then a silence:Yet I know by their merry eyesThey are plotting and planning togetherTo take me by surprise.A sudden rush from the stairway,A sudden raid from the hall!By three doors left unguardedThey enter my castle wall!They climb up into my turretO'er the arms and back of my chair;If I try to escape, they surround me;They seem to be everywhere.They almost devour me with kisses,Their arms about me entwine,Till I think of the Bishop of BingenIn his Mouse-Tower on the Rhine!Do you think, o blue-eyed banditti,Because you have scaled the wall,Such an old mustache as I amIs not a match for you all!I have you fast in my fortress,And will not let you depart,But put you down into the dungeonIn the round-tower of my heart.And there will I keep you forever,Yes, forever and a day,Till the walls shall crumble to ruin,And moulder in dust away!
Michael P. Naughton, Deathryde: Rebel Without a Corpse|Are we living life, or is life living us?
Andre the BFG, Andre's Adventures in MySpace|So they told us all about how other kids were deceived by their parents, how the toys the grown-ups claimed were made by little elves wearing bell caps in their workshop at the North Pole actually had labels on them saying MADE IN JAPAN.
Susan C. Young|Re is a prefix, which when used in front of a word, changes its meaning to convey a fresh beginning, a do-over, a repeat, a shift in perspective, or an opportunity to create something new. When you add the prefix Re, you are activating the power of the word to head in a new direction to build momentum for positive change and transformation.
Jean Johnson, Bedtime Stories: A Collection of Erotic Fairy Tales|He knew this could turn out to be a very dangerous ploy if it backfired, but he also knew he had his best friend firmly on his side. If nothing else, he knew he could let her take all the blame and she’d do it. He’d owe her majorly — what else were best friends for but blackmail opportunities and owing giant favors, anyway — but she’d do it.
James A. Haught|It is best if the guard is in love with America and wants to overawe the American by being a premium guard. This kind of guard thinks that he will encounter the American again one day in America, and that the American will offer to take him to a Chicago Bulls game, and buy him blue jeans and whitebread and delicate toilet paper. This guard dreams of speaking Englishwithout an accent and obtaining a wife with an unmalleable bosom. This guard will confess that he does not love where he lives.The other kind of guard is also in love with America, but he will hate the American for being an American. This is worst. This guard knows he will never go to America, and knows that he will never meet the American again. He will steal from the American, and terror the American, only to teach that he can.
Frank Stella|I think about that 'empty' space a lot. That emptiness is what allows for something to actually evolve in a natural way. I've had to learn that over the years - because one of the traps of being an artist is to always want to be creating, always wanting to produce.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|The people in the hospital had been struck by her calm and the number of questions she had asked. They hadn't appreciated her inability to understand something quite obvious – that Tolya was no longer among the living. Her love was so strong that Tolya's death was unable to affect it: to her, he was still alive.She was mad, but no one had noticed. Now, at last, she had found Tolya. Her joy was like that of a mother-cat when she finds her dead kitten and licks it all over.A soul can live in torment for years and years, even decades, as it slowly, stone by stone, builds a mound over a grave; as it moves towards the apprehension of eternal loss and bows down before reality.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Bring light to the ignorant, but more light to the educated, for the vanity of education makes modern humans more ignorant than the ignorant.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|These memories of former times do not awaken desire so much as sorrow-- a vast, inapprehensible melancholy. Once we had such desires-- but they return not. They are past, they belong to another world that is gone from us. They are completely lost to us. They arise no more; we are dead and they stand remote on the horizon, they are a mysterious reflection, an apparition that haunts us, that we fear and love without hope. They are unattainable and we know it.And even if these scenes of our youth were given back to us, we would hardly know what to do. The tender, secret influence that passed from them into us could not rise again. We might remember and love them and be stirred by the sight of them. But it would be like gazing at the photograph of a dead comrade; those are his features, it is his face, and the days we spent together take on a mournful life in memory; but the man himself it is not.
Noorilhuda, The Governess|All this silence between us, to protect her, and what has it wrought! How unthinking I was,” he cringed as he beat himself up inside.
Sarah Ruhl, Melancholy Play|ANGELOFrom thee, even from thy virtue!What's this, what's this? Is this her fault or mine?The tempter or the tempted, who sins most?Ha!Not she: nor doth she tempt: but it is IThat, lying by the violet in the sun,Do as the carrion does, not as the flower,Corrupt with virtuous season. Can it beThat modesty may more betray our senseThan woman's lightness? Having waste ground enough,Shall we desire to raze the sanctuaryAnd pitch our evils there? O, fie, fie, fie!What dost thou, or what art thou, Angelo?Dost thou desire her foully for those thingsThat make her good? O, let her brother live!Thieves for their robbery have authorityWhen judges steal themselves. What, do I love her,That I desire to hear her speak again,And feast upon her eyes? What is't I dream on?O cunning enemy, that, to catch a saint,With saints dost bait thy hook! Most dangerousIs that temptation that doth goad us onTo sin in loving virtue: never could the strumpet,With all her double vigour, art and nature,Once stir my temper; but this virtuous maidSubdues me quite. Even till now,When men were fond, I smiled and wonder'd how.-- Measure for Measure, II, ii
Dalai Lama XIV, How to Be Compassionate: a Handbook for Creating Inner Peace and a Happier World|If a person shows anger to you, and you show anger in return, the result is disaster. If you nurse hatred, you will never be happy, even in the lap of luxury. By contrast, if you control your anger and show its opposite - love, compassion, tolerance, and patience - then not only do you remain in peace, but gradually the anger of others also will diminish.
Francesca Lia Block, Wasteland|She had in truth no abstract propensity to malice: she did not dislike Lily because the latter was brilliant and predominant, but because she thought that Lily disliked her. It is less mortifying to believe one's self unpopular than insignificant, and vanity prefers to assume that indifference is a latent form of unfriendliness.
William Harwood, Dictionary of Contemporary Mythology|The difference between faith and insanity is that faith is the ability to hold firmly to a conclusion that is incompatible with the evidence, whereas insanity is the ability to hold firmly to a conclusion that is incompatible with the evidence.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|I had never heard her sound so calm, so resigned to her fate. She said she was neither happy nor unhappy, and that was why she couldn't go on.
Ariel Sharon|Bread without flesh is a good diet, as on many botanical excursions I have proved. Tea also may easily be ignored. Just bread and water and delightful toil is all I need - not unreasonably much, yet one ought to be trained and tempered to enjoy life in these brave wilds in full independence of any particular kind of nourishment.
Elaine N. Aron, The Highly Sensitive Person: How to Thrive When the World Overwhelms You|It is naturally a sign of inner liberation when a patient can squarely recognize his difficulties and take them with a grain of humor. But some patients at the beginning of analysis make incessant jokes about themselves, or exaggerate their difficulties in so dramatic a way that they will appear funny, while they are at the same time absurdly sensitive to any criticism. In these instances humor is used to take the sting out of an otherwise unbearable shame.
George Carlin|He also said that he marvelled that among the Greeks, those who were skilful in a thing contend together; but those who have no such skill act as judges of the contest.
Tao Lin, Bed|It sometimes seemed to him that for love to work, it had to be fair, that he should tell only half the joke, and she the other half. Otherwise, it would not be love, but something completely else–pity or entertainment, or stand-up comedy.
Gen Urobuchi 虚淵 玄|It was that evening, when my mother abdicated her authority, that marked the beginning, along with the slow death of my grandmother, of the decline of my will and of my health. Everything had been decided at the moment when, unable to bear the idea of waiting until the next day to set my lips on my mother's face, I had made my resolution, jumped out of bed, and gone, in my nightshirt, to stay by the window through which the moonlight came, until I heard M. Swann go. My parents having gone with him, I heard the garden gate open, the bell ring, the gate close again...
Francesca Lia Block, Dangerous Angels|If you want to find the trail, if you want to find yourself, you must explore your dreams alone. You must grow at a slow pace in a dark cocoon of loneliness so you can fly like wind, like wings, when you awaken.
Debasish Mridha|I want to die.I want die by drowning in love.I want to die by becoming drunk, by drinking the pure wine of love.I want to die in an accident, By falling in love andbreaking my heart. I want to die by losing in the game of love.
John Updike|In the French language, there is a great gulf between prose and poetry; in English, there is hardly any difference. It is a splendid privilege of the great literary languages Greek, Latin, and French that they possess a prose. English has not this privilege. There is no prose in English.
Helen Rowland|A woman's flattery may inflate a man's head a little; but her criticism goes straight to his heart, and contracts it so that it can never again hold quite as much love for her.
Ilchi Lee, Bird of the Soul|If you look within your heart, I am here, and you are free.
Margaret Drabble|I am a part of you, and the part of me, that is a part of you, will always be a part of you. That part will never leave you.
Daniel Gardner, The Science of Fear: Why We Fear the Things We Shouldn't--and Put Ourselves in Greater Danger|The news media are, for the most part, the bringers of bad news… and it’s not entirely the media’s fault, bad news gets higher ratings and sells more papers than good news.
Yahoo Serious|Now both my films have been number one at the Australian box office and it took about two years just to get the finance for this film, so if it's hard for me then God help everyone else.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|When they lay in bed together it was—as it had to be, as the nature of the act demanded—an act of violence. It was surrender, made the more complete by the force of their resistance. It was an act of tension, as the great things on earth are things of tension. It was tense as electricity, the force fed on resistance, rushing through wires of metal stretched tight; it was tense as water made into power by the restraining violence of a dam. The touch of his skin against hers was not a caress, but a wave of pain, it became pain by being wanted too much, by releasing in fulfillment all the past hours of desire and denial.
Jorge Luis Borges|All theories are legitimate, no matter. What matters is what you do with them.
Jimmy Fallon|Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things.
Phife Dawg|My opponents attitude is, 'If it moves, tax it, if it keeps moving, regulate it and when it stops, subsidize it.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|They say God never gives us more than we can handle, but sometimes I think God has overestimated what I can take.
Barbara C. Doyle|She was beautiful, only hers was the dark beauty of night, just as Sherry's was the bright beauty of daytime. Her hair was raven-black, ending in a sort of widow's peak low on her forehead, and her face and arms were alabaster- white. Her gown was a clinging thing of swirling black, almost like smoke, and two peculiar shoulder-draperies she wore, hanging down loosely and caught at the wrists, almost suggested great triangular wings when her arms were in motion.Her lips were a red gash in the pallor of her face, and they glistened as though she had daubed them with fresh blood instead of rouge."What's your name?" I asked."Call me Faustine," she said low. I saw her staring fixedly at me, with a sort of half-smile on her face, but her gaze rested a little lower than my own face. I fingered my neck uneasily. "Is there something on my collar?"("Vampire's Honeymoon")
Akshay Vasu|She sat there alone after getting drenched enough by rain. In the silence of the midnight, Each drop that fell made a sound that was loud enough to wake all the memories inside her one after the other, before she could know what was happening she was lost somewhere in the past where the pictures in mind pushed her into a state of chaotic happiness and a blissful pain.
Vironika Tugaleva|Baby, I’m so sorry. You know I wouldn’t feel right, if I ran away from my responsibilities. I’d have to live with that decision for the rest of my life. My being in the war could save lives. My running away will only save mine. It’s a selfish decision to make. I’ll come back to you. I promise.
Robert Johnson|Why yes, I can,' said Midas Mulligan, when he was asked whether he could name a person more evil than the man with a heart closed to pity. 'The man who uses another's pity for him as a weapon.
Marilynne Robinson, The Death of Adam: Essays on Modern Thought|I want to overhear passionate arguments about what we are and what we are doing and what we ought to do. I want to feel that art is an utterance made in good faith by one human being to another. I want to believe there are geniuses scheming to astonish the rest of us, just for the pleasure of it.
Arthur Smith|I was famous from the age of 13, and after a while you become immune to it - in a good way. You look at positives and what you can do with it.
Jane Green|When a man only rings you late at night, when he only wants to see you late at night, when he doesn't take you out for dinner, or introduce you to his friends, or spend any time or attention on you, then this is not a relationship. This is sex.
Pablo Neruda, Still Another Day|The days aren't discarded or collected, they are beesthat burned with sweetness or maddenedthe sting: the struggle continues,the journeys go and come between honey and pain.No, the net of years doesn't unweave: there is no net.They don't fall drop by drop from a river: there is no river.Sleep doesn't divide life into halves,or action, or silence, or honor:life is like a stone, a single motion,a lonesome bonfire reflected on the leaves,an arrow, only one, slow or swift, a metalthat climbs or descends burning in your bones.
Jay Asher|Thomas, my 15-year-old, is effectively my editor, I've always trusted his voice, more than anybody, on the strip for years. He has one of those ears that's just tuned to the rhythm of humor, so if he says something's not funny, my stomach just hurts because I know he's right, and it's already been drawn.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|Don't judge a man by his opinions, but what his opinions have made of him.
Elizabeth Berrien, Creative Grieving: A Hip Chick's Path from Loss to Hope|I used to feel afraid of the future, always assuming the worst. But now I've realized that my worst fears have already happened, and I've survived them! I've walked into the fire and made it out alive. Only the loss of a close loved one could have "woken me up" to reality in the same way.
Jeremias Gotthelf, Die schwarze Spinne|Gnosticism is undeniably pre-Christian, with both Jewish and gentile roots. The wisdom of Solomon already contained Gnostic elements and prototypes for the Jesus of the Gospels...God stops being the Lord of righteous deed and becomes the Good One...A clear pre-Christian Gnosticism can be distilled from the epistles of Paul. Paul is recklessly misunderstood by those who try to read anything Historical Jesus-ish into it. The conversion of Paul in the Acts of the Apostles is a mere forgery from various Tanakh passages... [The epistles] are from Christian mystics of the middle of the second century. Paul is thus the strongest witness against the Historical Jesus hypothesis...John's Gnostic origin is more evident than that of the synoptics. Its acceptance proves that even the Church wasn't concerned with historical facts at all.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The boy gathers materials for a temple, and then when he is thirty, concludes to build a woodshed
Natasha Tsakos|To create different work, one needs new tools and materials
Tom McCarthy, Satin Island|Everything, as Peyman said, may be a fiction – but the Future is the biggest shaggy-dog story of all.
Maryrose Wood|In the words of Agatha Swanburne, founder of Swanburne Academy, "Every book is judged by its cover until it is read.
Whitney Barbetti, Ten Below Zero|I don't want to merely exist, Parker. I want to live. I want to leave the world with that one sweet moment.
Aidy Bryant|At the end of the day, we all know what the Jordan logo means, and you can't take anything away from that. But it's pretty cool to have my own logo on a Jordan shoe.
Alice Braga|When you strip hope from people, it leaves a void, and that void needs to be filled. And very likely, that void is going to be filled by an ideology... Hope and faith are so connected. Now, when ideology connects with faith, the ideology becomes an item of faith, not a point of discussion.
Lindsey Stirling|It's so easy to find reasons for why I am excused to be unsatisfied with the moment. As people, we often look to the future saying I'll be happy when… I'll be happy when I graduate, I'll be happy when I am thin, I'll be happy when I get a car… and so on. But why postpone happiness. Why not find joy in the journey of life. We need to find joy in the simple, ordinary events that make up the everyday because that is what we get the most of.
Kate McGahan|If you are God’s, there is nothing impossible for you
A.E. Croft, The General's Assistant|My mouth was dry. Whispers carried on the wind as the maids around me bunched together in small groups, hysterical, morbid. I thought: who will clean the mess?
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|A light has dawned for me: I need companions, living ones, not dead companions and corpses which I carry with me wherever I wish. But I need living companions who follow me because they want to follow themselves— and who want to go where I want to go.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|At times,trust is bound to be broken,promises are bound not to be kept,hearts are bound to be hurt,mistakes are bound to be make.You are also bound to meet a person at their worst in order for you to confirm that you want to be part of their lives.
Alexandra Fuller, Cocktail Hour Under the Tree of Forgetfulness|You learn not to mourn every little thing out here, or you’d never, ever stop grieving.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, The Science of Self-Realization|First-class religion teaches one how to love God without any motive. If I serve God for some profit, that is business-not love.
Kamila Shamsie|Where are they, the American fiction writers whose works are interested in the question “What do these people have to do with us?” and “What are we doing out there in the world?
Robert J. Ringer|[W]hat counts as ‘realistic’, what seems possible at any point in the social field, is defined by a series of political determinations. An ideological position can never be really successful until it is naturalized, and it cannot be naturalized while it is still thought of as a value rather than a fact. Accordingly, neoliberalism has sought to eliminate the very category of value in the ethical sense. Over the past thirty years, capitalist realism has successfully installed a ‘business ontology’ in which it is simply obvious that everything in society, including healthcare and education, should be run as a business. … [E]mancipatory politics must always destroy the appearance of a ‘natural order’, must reveal what is presented as necessary and inevitable to be a mere contingency, just as it must make what was previously deemed to be impossible seem attainable.
Maria Edgeworth, Castle Rackrent|I know precisely what honor is, Heracles. Honor is the artifice kings sell the peasants’ sons so that they may fight and die without pay. Honor is what drives a peaceful man to bloody vengeance. Honor is what drove the Celts to behead the children of the Apache Courts.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|Money talks and walks, but it does not bark.
Bede Griffiths|It is no longer a question of a Christian going about to convert others to the faith, but of each one being ready to listen to the other and so to grow together in mutual understanding.
Justin Halpern, Sh*t My Dad Says|That woman was sexy. . . . Out of your league? Son, let women figure out why they won't screw you. Don't do it for them.
Sharon Shinn, Reader and Raelynx|Sam- " After you were bitten, i knew what would happen. I waited for you to change, every night, so i could bring you back and keep you from getting hurt." Grace- " How long did you wait?" Sam- " I haven't stopped.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If I had a girl, I’d want her to know that she can be anything she wants and that she doesn't have to rely on her looks or clothes or hair or make-up to define who she is or to get respect from other people. I’d want her to know she has a right to be respected or noticed because she was born. I’m not talking about all the girl power nonsense, I’m talking about my girl growing up knowing she has the right to be treated decently simply because she was born.
Jim Robbins, The Man Who Planted Trees: Lost Groves, Champion Trees, and an Urgent Plan to Save the Planet|What is your personal carrying capacity for grief, rage, despair? We are living in a period of mass extinction. The numbers stand at 200 species a day. That's 73,000 a year. This culture is oblivious to their passing, feels entitled to their every last niche, and there is no roll call on the nightly news.
Lana Parrilla|The first fashion show I ever attended was for Ritu Beri in 1997 or 1998. I think that was the first time Ritu had designed for one of my movies 'Yeh Raastein Hain Pyaar Ke.' She had done a show in Paris, and she had done the same show in Delhi. It was very eclectic, and I love the way she combines colours and makes them flamboyant.
Rachael Ray|There's nothing wrong with having a collection, but it becomes a problem when it overwhelms your space. When you're not displaying it properly, you're not enjoying it and it turns into clutter.
Michel Faber|Well, here we are."Sometimes a statement of the bloody obvious was the only appropriate way forward. As if to give life ceremonious permission to proceed.
Coco J. Ginger|I wait, you play. You speak, I cave. I promise, you break. You game me, daily, you play me.
Michael D. Higgins|I am involved in a lot of nonprofits. And when I reached the ripe old age of 60, I wanted to provide leadership to some I had been involved in.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Dream of yoking a gnat with an archangel, and then imagine that you can help your Lord in the work of salvation.
Anna Neagle|I continuously go further and further learning about my own limitations, my body limitation, psychological limitations. It's a way of life for me.
Richard Brinsley Sheridan, The Critic|...what I'm getting at is like the distinction between tourist and a traveler. The tourist experience is superficial and glancing. The traveler develops a deeper connection with her surroundings. She is more invested in them -- the traveler stays longer, makes her own plans, chooses her own destination, and usually travels alone: solo travel and solo participation, although the most difficult emotionally, seem the most likely to produce a good story.
Clare B. Dunkle, The Hollow Kingdom|Lively, intelligent, and quite immature, [Emily] usually burst out with exactly the comment that summed up the situation beautifully and therefore could never in politeness be said.
Katie Ayres, At Daddy's Service 1|Always remember, darling girl, men love the pussy and their dicks are always fiending for attention. If you’re not around to give it to them, they’ll get it somewhere else and the novelty of new lips and a new cunt might shock them so much they’ll think they’re in love.
Munia Khan|Rejoice with glitters of ashes tonightSparkling for moon's spiced silver biteUpon skin of darkness, loving night moreStorm begins unlocking cold wind's door
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|She is so free with herself and so certain of her path, something I now cynically believe only comes from not being aware of the infinite multitude of right paths.
Daniel H. Wilson, Amped|People, there's no such thing as, THE BEST CAMERA BRAND, but yes there will always be THE BEST CAMERA AT ANY GIVEN TIME. Technology will change, but not art.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Government is big, we are small. We are only free when we slip through the cracks.
Judith Spencer, Satans High Priest|Dissociation is the common response of children to repetitive, overwhelming trauma and holds the untenable knowledge out of awareness. The losses and the emotions engendered by the assaults on soul and body cannot, however be held indefinitely. In the absence of effective restorative experiences, the reactions to trauma will find expression. As the child gets older, he will turn the rage in upon himself or act it out on others, else it all will turn into madness.
Anthony Liccione|All of our descriptive statements move within an often invisible network of value-categories, and indeed without such categories we would have nothing to say to each other at all. It is not just as though we have something called factual knowledge which may then be distorted by particular interests and judgements, although this is certainly possible; it is also that without particular interests we would have no knowledge at all, because we would not see the point of bothering to get to know anything. Interests are constitutive of our knowledge, not merely prejudices which imperil it. The claim that knowledge should be 'value-free' is itself a value-judgement.
Jacques d'Amboise|In a home school, the kid does 95% of the work. But in a school system, since it's an indoctrination system, a teacher has to do 95% of the work.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Dogma gives a charter to mistake, but the very breath of science is a contest with mistake, and must keep the conscience alive.
Greg Farshtey|Being Jewish did not compromise the humanitarian and universalist ideals of my close relatives who, having experienced persecution close hand, were more concerned with bringing about peace, justice and equality in the world than in trying to cut out a niche where they could continue an insular — Jewish — fantasy.
Warren Ellis|The future sneaks up on us. It leaks in through the small, ordinary things.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|Your own life starts the moment you're born. Before that, even.""I just, I feel like as long as I live with you, I won't... I'm not... It's like George Jefferson.""From the TV show?""Right. George Jefferson. As long as he was on 'All in the Family', he was just somebody who made Archie Bunker's story more interesting. He didn't have anything of his own. He didn't have a plot or supporting characters. I don't know if you ever even got to see his house. But after he got his own show, George had his own living room and kitchen... and bedroom, I think. He even had his own elevator. Places for him to exist in, for his story to happen. Like this apartment. This is something that's mine.
Krzysztof Kieślowski, Kieslowski on Kieslowski|Instead of blaming yourself for something you cannot undo, let it define you.
Julio Alexi Genao|Matter and energy are equivalent, according to the equation E=mc2, where E stand for energy, m for mass and c for the speed of light,' 'Merapa explained. 'Matter can't be transported at the speed of light but energy can. Therefore, during a time shift transformation, matter is converted to energy then condenses back. In other words all the molecules in your body have been changed from matter to energy then back again.''Wow. It's a wonder it's not fatal,' Dirck said.'Sometimes it is. If any transcription errors occur between the DNA and RNA in your vital organs you're all but dead.
Anne Tyler, The Amateur Marriage|For once, the tears wouldn't come. She saw that Michael might have been right. It really could be too cold to snow.
Gina Sheridan, I Work at a Public Library: A Collection of Crazy Stories from the Stacks|Let's go downtown," Dad said. "By the public library. You never know what wild and crazy things might be happening at the library.
Christina Hoff Sommers|Here are young women with more opportunities, more liberties than almost any women in history and at that moment we tell them they’re short-changed silenced victims of a patriarchy? It’s defeatist and demoralising.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|I stepped closer to him and lowered my voice. 'If you could change one thing, what would it be?'He pulled the sheep pendant from his pocket. A question filled his eyes. I held out my hand. Riley placed it in my palm and I curled my finger around the necklace, pressing the metal into my skin.
Terry Pratchett|Heinlein's Rules for Writers Rule One: You Must WriteRule Two: Finish What Your StartRule Three: You Must Refrain From Rewriting, Except to Editorial OrderRule Four: You Must Put Your Story on the MarketRule Five: You Must Keep it on the Market until it has Sold
Devorah Fox, Masters of Time: A Science Fiction and Fantasy Time Travel Anthology|By the usual reckoning, the worst books make the best films.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|There is no eleventh hour with Cosmic Ordering, only the golden hour.
Jacquie Underdown, The Paler Shade Of Autumn|Do you know my best quality?” she asks. ”Of your many, I could not say, my darling.” ”I see the best in people. I fall in love with people when I see a window into their beings, their shining moments. I’ve fallen in love with so many people but the trouble is I fall out of love so quickly too. I see the worst in them just as easily. ”Do you know I fell in love with you right away? That day at the Trotters’ I had noted you because you were new, of course, and then you sat down at the piano, and you played a few notes, but you played them so well, with no self consciousness, and no idea that anyone might be listening. It was in that room off the garden and you were the only one there. I was passing through on the way to the ladies’ room and saw you there. I fell in love with you right then, and so I slipped my drink all over myself so I could meet you.” 
Robert Murray McCheyne|You will never find Jesus so precious, as when the world is one vast howling wilderness. Then He is like a rose blooming in the midst of the desolation, or a rock rising above the storm! Do not set your hearts on any of the flowers of this world. They shall all fade and die. Prize the Rose of Sharon and the Lily of the Valley. Jesus never changes! Live nearer to Christ than to any person on this earth; so that when they are taken away, you may have Him to love and lean upon. “Yes, He is altogether lovely. This is my Beloved, and this is my Friend!” (Song of Solomon 5:16)
Bess Streeter Aldrich, A Lantern in Her Hand|Abbie would stop in her work and utter a prayer for him,—and, sent as it were from the bow of a mother's watchful care, bound by the cord of a mother's love, the little winged arrow on its flight must have reached Some one,—Somewhere.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|The best way to avoid a catastrophic conflict of beliefs is to be more compassionate about other people’s beliefs as long as they do not advocate for prejudices, bigotry and sectarianism.
Bob Dylan|It frightens me, the awful truth, of how sweet life can be...
Willie Geist|My father never raised his hand to any one of his children, except in self-defense.
Emily Brontë|Lee leaned closer to her and swore he could smell fear coming off her in waves, the way a shark smells blood in the water
Auliq Ice|In every city you go, you will come across men of different kinds and you are the one to choose where your to belong.
Fulton J. Sheen, Peace of Soul: Timeless Wisdom on Finding Serenity and Joy by the Century's Most Acclaimed Catholic Bishop|We each have words for "love" in our languages. What would the world look like if we acted on that one word for humanity's sake?
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Darkness|You can read minds, and you didn't tell me?” Link stared at me like he just found out I was the Silver Surfer. He rubbed his head nervously. “Hey, man, all that stuff about Lena? I was yankin’ your chain.” He looked away. “Are you doin’ it now? You're doin’ it, aren't you? Dude, get out of my head.” He backed away from me and into the bookshelf.“I can't read your mind, you idiot.
George Orwell, 1984|At present nothing is possible except to extend the area of sanity little by little. We cannot act collectively. We can only spread our knowledge outwards from individual to individual, generation after generation.
Daniel Keidl, Armageddon: Pick Your Plot|The sun was deaf'nin' so high up, yay, it roared an' time streamed from it.
Michael Moorcock, The Whispering Swarm|At certain rare moments, a library is a kind of mind.
Cynthia Hand, My Lady Jane|Shall I compare thee to a barrel of apples?Though art more hairy, but sweeter inside.Rough winds couldn't keep me from taking you to chapel,Where finally a horse could take a bride...
Albert Camus|A man must be willing to die for justice. Death is an inescapable reality and men die daily, but good deeds live forever.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Toxic In The Mind: daily use of the mind that kills you slowly|Jean's desires, like those of all men in love, were concentrated on the impossible.
M.F. Moonzajer|Nothing is more important to human beings than an ecologically functioning, life sustaining biosphere on the earth. It is the only habitable place we know of in a forbidding universe. We all depend on it to live and we are compelled to share it; it is our only home... the earth's biosphere seems almost magically suited to human beings and indeed it is, for we evolved through eons of intimate immersion within it. We cannot live long or well without a functioning biosphere, and so it is worth everything we have.
Alisha Ashton|Have you thought about what will happen when you start living the life that's right for you, instead of the one you promised to live for someone else?
Lawrence Kohlberg|For me, it's about the way I carry myself and the way I treat other people. My relationship and how I feel about God and what He does for me, is something deeply personal. It's where I came from, my family, I was brought up in a religious household and that's very important to me.
Jerry Seinfeld|If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Alone at home,Washing dishes while thinking about her thatHow beautiful it would’ve been if she was here.
Cole Ryan, Money: I Think We've Missed The Point|We always want what is not ours. It’s intriguing. We think if we can just get that, we’ll finally be happy. The lure of what we do not have is deceptive.True freedom, however, is found in being content with what we already have. Can you imagine it? Can you imagine being whole, complete, fulfilled - content with what you already have? It sounds too good to be true.Utter satisfaction? That is freedom.That is what everyone is searching for.Where, though, can you find this kind of contentment?I've noticed that the more I’ve come to know Jesus, the less I've desired material things.Materialism is what happens when you find your joy in things. Contentment is what happens when you find your joy in Jesus. They’re complete opposites. You can easily differentiate a materialistic person from a content person.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|Well, let folly be our cloak, a veil before the eyes of the Enemy! For he is very wise, and weighs all things to a nicety in the scales of his malice. But the only measure that he knows is desire, desire for power; and so he judges all hearts. Into his heart the thought will not enter that any will refuse it, that having the Ring we may seek to destroy it. If we seek this, we shall put him out of reckoning.
Rick Riordan, The Staff of Serapis|Intelligence won wars, not brute force.
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|Rare-book people have this in common with poets: they too are born, not made.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|I'm a wanderer. But i don't wander to explore the outer physical world , I do it to explore the universe inside me.
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|Forgiveness is not a one off decision; it is a journey and a process that takes time, determination, and persistence. Forgiveness is not forgetting; it is simply denying your pain the right to control your life.
Candice Olson|When I was 13 or 14, my mother used to gift me books that I was dying to read. Those are my most memorable birthday gifts.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Are Women Human? Astute and Witty Essays on the Role of Women in Society|I just never let anything bother me, man. I know myself really well. Nobody's opinion of me can shake my opinion of myself.
Kate Millett, Sexual Politics|The girl arrived; I thought her handsome; and as I doubted not that you would be mortified by my absence, I did most sincerely hope that she would be able to dissipate something of your ennui: for it is the fidelity of the heart alone that I value.
Emma Chase, Sustained|I can't make out what they're saying; it sounds like: hiss, blah, she hiss, squeak. But the aunt appears to speak the native language.
Melissa de la Cruz, Gates of Paradise|If there is one thing I have come to believe over the years, it’s the notion that there really is somebody for everybody. Every single person is going to look at beauty from a different angle. Every single person is going to be attracted to certain features and characteristics that are completely different than the next person. And… there isn’t a person on earth that everybody on earth finds attractive.
Darlene Love|I did that Dior Couture 60th anniversary show in July. It took so long to get ready, I think I would have rather been watching.
Olivia Sinaga|Showing your true self sometimes don't give you any benefit, but at least you do honest to your self and God.
Jeanne Boydston|The distinction between "paid labor" and "housework" implied in working-class men's yearning for the domestic ideal persisted in later-nineteenth-century analyses of women's unpaid labor and was eventually replicated in Capital. Because wives' work was laregely unpaid, and because husbands came to the marketplace as the "possessors" of their wives' labor, Marx did not address the role of housework in the labor exchange that led to surplus value. Neither did he attend to the dynamics that permitted the husband to lay claim, in the price of his own labor, to the value of his wife's work.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|Places are fragmentary and inward-turning histories, pasts that others are not allowed to read, accumulated times that can be unfolded but like stories held in reserve, remaining in an enigmatic state, symbolizations encysted in the pain or pleasure of he body. 'I feel good here': the well-being under-expressed in the language it appears in like a fleeting glimmer is a spatial practice.
Ernest Hemingway, American Lit for Idiots - a one act play|There are some things which cannot be learned quickly, and time, which is all we have, must be paid heavily for their acquiring. They are the very simplest things and because it takes a man's life to know them the little that each man gets from life is very costly and the only heritage he has to leave.
T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome|I suppose the best way to tell the story is simply to narrate it, without an effort to carry belief. The thing did not require belief. It was not a feeling of horror in one's bones, or a misty outline, or anything that needed to be given actuality by an act of faith. It was as solid as a wardrobe. You don't have to believe in wardrobes. They are there, with corners. (The Troll)
Chuck D|You should also appreciate the goodness around you, and surround yourself with positive people.
Robert Barr, Out of Thun, and An Alpine Divorce|When you consider that a human being has the opportunity of being acquainted with only a few hundred people, and out of the few hundred that there are but a dozen or less whom he knows intimately, and out of the dozen, one or two friends at most, it will easily be seen, when we remember the number of millions who inhabit this world, that probably, since the earth was created, the right man has never yet met the right woman.
Hilaire Belloc|He [the poet] brings out the inner part of things and presents them to men in such a way that they cannot refuse but must accept it. But how the mere choice and rhythm of words should produce so magical an effect no one has yet been able to comprehend, and least of all the poets themselves.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Being grounded in your lifelong culture and your personal perspective, you are comfortable with the way you see things and may believe it is the best and only way.
Aristotle|Holding as we do that, while knowledge of any kind is a thing to be honoured and prized, one kind of it may, either by reason of its greater exactness or of a higher dignity and greater wonderfulness in its objects, be more honourable and precious than another, on both accounts we should naturally be led to place in the front rank the study of the soul. The knowledge of the soul admittedly contributes greatly to the advance of truth in general, and, above all, to our understanding of Nature, for the soul is in some sense the principle of animal life. Our aim is to grasp and understand, first its essential nature, and secondly its properties; of these some are thought to be affections proper to the soul itself, while others are considered to attach to the animal owing to the presence of soul. To attain any knowledge about the soul is one of the most difficult things in the world. As the form of question which here presents itself, viz. the question 'What is it?', recurs in other fields, it might be supposed that there was some single method of inquiry applicable to all objects whose essential nature we are endeavouring to ascertain (as there *is* for incidental properties the single method of demonstration); in that case what we should have to seek for would be this unique method. But if there is no such single and general method for solving the question of essence, our task becomes still more difficult; in the case of each different subject we shall have to determine the appropriate process of investigation. If to this there be a clear answer, e.g. that the process is demonstration or division, or some other known method, many difficulties and hesitations still beset us—with what facts shall we begin the inquiry? For the facts which form the starting-points in different subjects must be different, as e.g. in the case of numbers and surfaces. First, no doubt, it is necessary to determine in which of the *summa genera* soul lies, what it *is*; is it 'a this-somewhat', a substance, or is a quale or a quantum, or some other of the remaining kinds of predicates which we have distinguished? Further, does soul belong to the class of potential existents, or is it not rather an actuality? Our answer to this question is of the greatest importance."―from_On the Soul: Book I_
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Sorry, maybe this is the head injury talking, but … what?
Ronald Reagan|How do you tell a Communist? Well, it’s someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It’s someone who understands Marx and Lenin.
Anthony T.Hincks|When you get to the end of the rainbow, you haven't even started yet.
ABC|Today is older than tomorrow,that is the power of the present
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|The reasoning is classic in its clarity. If God does not exist, Kirilov is god. If God does not exist, Kirilov must kill himself. Kirilov must therefore kill himself to become god. That logic is absurd, but it is what is needed.
Lilith Saintcrow|Part of growing up was learning not to be quite that honest - learning when it was better to lie, rather than to hurt someone with the truth.
K. Abernathy Can You Action Past Your Devil's Advocate|if you are not a fan of great consumer service, then you are not a fan of business ultimately not making you a fan of money.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Intelligently:Discover the Five Love Myths Hurting Women in America|FOCUS ON YOURSELF AT ALL LEVELS: BODY, MIND & SOUL. THUS, WHEN THE RIGHT MAN COMES TO YOUR SIDE, YOU WILL BE READY TO WIN HIS HEART.
Amy Carmichael|The only expenditure, and all its outworkings, for which God can be held to be responsible is that which He directs.
John Lanchester, Capital|I'm over the hill for come-on lines. On a quiet day, I can hear my liver rotting. For exercise, I fall down. ~ Clete
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|Real, but sometimes beautiful.
Roddy Doyle, Paula Spencer|Whether I or anyone else accepted the concept of alcoholism as a disease didn't matter; what mattered was that when treated as a disease, those who suffered from it were most likely to recover.
Helen Hayes|If you rest, you rust.
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|Without stories, we are incomplete.
Meister Eckhart|Before I started a company, I was an employee with a bad attitude. I was always felt like, bosses are stupid, and people weren't well treated.
Debasish Mridha|Let us talk about our love, joy and happiness. Let us forgive and forget talking about misery and sadness.
Amit Kalantri|His own true hidden reality that he had desired to know grew palpable, recognizable. It seemed to him just this: a great, glad, abounding hope that he had saved his brother; too expansive to be contained by the limited form of a sole man, it yearned for a new embodiment infinite as the stars.What did it matter to that true reality that the man's brain shrank, shrank, till it was nothing; that the man's body could not retain the huge pain of his heart, and heaved it out through the red exit riven at the neck: that hurtling blackness blotted out forever the man's sight, hearing, sense?
Debasish Mridha|If you want to win, don’t just dream it. Act on it.
H. L. Mencken|After many years of great mercy, after tasting of the powers of the world to come, we still are so weak, so foolish; but, oh! when we get away from self to God, there all is truth and purity and holiness, and our heart finds peace, wisdom, completeness, delight, joy, victory.
Euginia Herlihy|What ever you do choose life, don't neglect your dream invest time to make it happen.
George Santayana|But this Veterans Day, I believe we should do more than sing the praises of the bravery and patriotism that our veterans have embodied in the past. We should take this opportunity to re-evaluate how we are treating our veterans in the present.
MHQ|falling is MY passion, you don't have to do the same.
Joseph Delaney, Attack of the Fiend|I can't be yours forever, Mab," I told her, the words flying into my mouth as if by magic. "I already belong to someone else. I belong to Alice!
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Certain things are extremely difficult to understand, such as the concept of unconditional love, perhaps it is due to mislead thoughts about God’s love for us. Assuming that we can say or do certain things and suddenly lose this love and approval. But I when I picture God I picture him standing with his arms out saying, "Beth stop punishing yourself." And he says it like my dad used to say, with such great authority and assurance in his voice that I can't help but smile, and know it's gonna be ok.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|Since then he had been walking with a ghost: the miserable ghost of his illusion. Only he had somehow vivified, coloured, substantiated it, by the force of his own great need – as a man might breathe a semblance of life into a dear drowned body that he cannot give up for dead.
Sonam Kapoor|I am very proud of my mom and consider her the most courageous woman I know. With perseverance, sacrifice and hard work, she raised a family of Olympic athletes and gave us the tools and the spirit to succeed. That is something that my brothers and I will always be thankful for.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson and the Singer of Apollo|They’d seen his deepest secrets. They knew who he was, what he was. But they didn’t seem to care. No … they cared more. They weren’t judging him. They were concerned.
Jamie McGuire, A Beautiful Wedding|Travis: Happy anniversary,Pidge.Abby: One down, forever to go.
William Gomes|DAD (Decide-Announce-Defend) remains the order of the day, with only a few inspiring models of EDD (Engage-Deliberate-Decide) available to us to demonstrate how very different things could be.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|He liked to address every man in his own language, as a good European should.
Etgar Keret, Missing Kissinger|Dad said I had no respect for money and that if I didn't learn when I was little when was I going to learn? Kids who get Bart Simpson dolls at the drop of a hat turn into punks who steal from convenience stores, ‘cos they wind up thinking they can have whatever they want, just like that. So instead of a Bart doll he bought me an ugly porcelain pig with a slot in its back, and now I'll grow up to be okay, now I won't turn into a punk.
Jefferson Davis, The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government, Volume 1|If the Confederacy falls, there should be written on its tombstone: Died of a theory.
Emmanuel Katongole, Mirror to the Church: Resurrecting Faith After Genocide in Rwanda|The church, which squatted among the headstones like a wet mother dodo, had been at various times Presbyterian, Congregationalist, Unitarian, and Universally Apocalyptic. It was now the Church of God the Utterly Indifferent.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|When you love someone, show them in words AND deeds. To hear you're loved is nice but to feel loved is incredible.
Timothy J. Keller|Boredom was at the root of Lazare's unhappiness, an oppressive, unremitting boredom, exuding from everything like the muddy water of a poisoned spring. He was bored with leisure, with work, with himself even more than with others. Meanwhile he blamed his own idleness for it, he ended by being ashamed of it.
Sara Sheridan|Historical fiction of course is particularly research-heavy. The details of everyday life are there to trip you up. Things that we take for granted, indeed, hardly think about, can lead to tremendous mistakes.
Rishabh Surya|I'll be happy when I get married." The faith, the hope, the conviction that marriage is a happy institution, the sincere tone, the lack of any shred of doubt, made the world a better place that moment. I even probed, 'What makes you happy now?' He stuck to his guns," I'll be happy when I get married." Was it naivety or what is hope? Who was I to judge!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Human strength fails, but the divinity within strengthen the soul.
Kasie West, The Distance Between Us|His eyes were the same colour as the sea in a postcard someone sends you when they love you, but not enough to stay.
Dagobert D. Runes, A Dictionary of Thought|Alpha sets the scale of nature -- the size of atoms and all things made of them, the intensity and colors of light, the strength of magnetism, and the metabolic rate of life itself. It controls everything that we see. ... In 137, apparently, science had found Nature's PIN Code.
Carol Hovsepian, The Poet and The Painter|Napoleon, the greatest of the conquerors, is a sufficient proof that great men of action are criminals, and therefore, not geniuses. One can understand him by thinking of the tremendous intensity with which he tried to escape from himself. There is this element in all the conquerors, great or small. Just because he had great gifts, greater than those of any emperor before him, he had greater difficulty in stifling the disapproving voice within him. The motive of his ambition was the craving to stifle his better self.
movingnotion|The best and most exciting kind of love is the one that's so close to the heart and so real in the mind yet, truly never exists in reality -- it keeps the heart young and the mind believing!
Plato, Phaedo|Walpurgis Night, when, according to the belief of millions of people, the devil was abroad - when the graves were opened and the dead came forth and walked. When all evil things of earth and air and water held revel. This very place the driver had specially shunned. This was the depopulated village of centuries ago. This was where the suicide lay; and this was the place where I was, alone - unmanned, shivering with cold in a shroud of snow with a wild storm gathering again upon me! It took all my philosophy, all the religion I had been taught, all my courage, not to collapse in a paroxysm of fright.(Dracula's Guest)
Mehmet Murat ildan|We touch people mostly without touching them: We touch them with our words, with our smile, with our eyes, with our courage, with our madness, with millions of different ways! What are we? We are contacting beings without contacting!
Cher|There's a way of playing safe, there's a way of using tricks and there's the way I like to play which is dangerously where you're going to take a chance on making mistakes in order to create something you haven't created before.
Steve Goodier|But more important than the food I put into my body are thoughts I put into my mind. Thoughts of bitterness like, “I hate her!” Thoughts of despair like, “I'll never be happy again.” Thoughts of fear like, “I could never do that!” And thoughts of worry, thoughts of greed and thoughts of self-loathing…“I’m so stupid.” A constant diet of these killer thoughts will destroy any of us long before heart burn or cholesterol.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are earning your money through violence, all this money is unethical, because violence and ethics cannot be together!
Jack Black|Pop changes week to week, month to month. But great music is like literature.
J Daniel Atlas|Sorry, that's unfair. Let me warn you. I want you to follow, because no matter what you think you might know, we will always be one step, three steps- seven steps ahead of you, and just when you think you're catching up, that's when we'll be right behind you. And at no time will you be anywhere other than exactly where I want you to be because the closer you think you are, the less you'll actually see.
Diane Neal|Corporations are created by the people, acting through their governments. We grant them corporate charters that confer certain legal rights and privileges, like the ability to enter into contracts, limited liability and perpetual life.
Debasish Mridha|When the beauty and warmth of summer is here,then dancing leaves with colors are not too far.
Chanakya|Material possessions, winning scores, and great reputations are meaningless in the eyes of the Lord, because He knows what we really are and that is all that matters.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|The energy of our thoughts, words, actions, and emotions collectively create the frequency of our vibrational aura.
Thom Tillis|I like my social media space to be somewhere very positive... I like to just be able to just share any images they see, or a piece of art or an item of clothing, and get to share that with the world.
Elisabeth Kübler-Ross|People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
Ian McShane|My dad was a football player - a soccer player - for Manchester United, and I loved playing football, but I also happened to be the guy in class who was pretty good at sight reading. My teacher gave me scripts, and I was very comfortable.
Samantha Stosur|My husband has quite simply been my strength and stay all these years, and I owe him a debt greater than he would ever claim.
Philip Dormer Stanhope|People cannot handle prejudice because they try to deal with the symptom. Prejudice is the symptom, wrong assumptions are the cause.'Prejudice is the daughter of assumption.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|Meditation is a process of lightening up, of trusting the basic goodness of what we have and who we are, and of realizing that any wisdom that exists, exists in what we already have.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Consider the recent financial crisis and its link to faulty reward systems. President Bill Clinton's objective of increasing homeownership by rewarding potential home buyers and lenders is one example. The Clinton administration "went to ridiculous lengths" to increase homeownership in the United State, promoting "paper-thin down payments" and pushing lenders to give mortgage loans to unqualified buyers according to Business Week editor Peter Coy.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|What you have with Maria, whether it lasts just through today and a part of tomorrow, or whether it lasts for a long life is the most important thing that can happen to a human being. There will always be people who say it does not exist because they cannot have it. But I tell you it is true and that you have it and that you are lucky even if you die tomorrow.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|one doesn't even think ofthe liverand if the liverdoesn't think ofus, that'sfine.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|You were contemplating the mountain, Mr. Conway?" Came the inquiry."Yes, it's a fine sight. It has a name, I suppose?""It is called Karakal""I don't think I've ever heard of it. Is is very high?""Over twenty-eight thousand feet.""Indeed? I didn't realize there would be anything on that scale outside the Himalayas. Has it been properly surveyed? Whose are the measurements?""Whose would you expect, my dear sir? Is there anything incompatible between monasticism and trigonometry?
Sissy Spacek, My Extraordinary Ordinary Life|I did not realize at the time, as I have discovered since, that anyone who attempts any thing original in this world must expect a bit of ridicule." Clarence Birdseye
M. Beth Bloom, Drain You|What about stakes in the heart?" I asked now. He frowned, the center of his mouth pursed while its corners curled downward. "Anyone will die from a stake in the heart," he said. "And anyone will die if they're severely burned, including vampires.
Sieg Pedde|If prophets are real, they are not leaders but followers.
Maurice J. Dubois|but it seems to me that growing up means you stop hoping for the best, and start expecting the worst. So how do you tell an adult that maybe everything wrong in the world stems from the fact that she’s stopped believing the impossible can happen?
Chantal Sutherland|Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean.
Katie Taylor|At home, we're listening to TV or playing with our computers, so our entertaining is rusting. We don't know how to be good hosts and guests in business situations.
Nicole Garber, Coming Apart|Someone once told me that life wasn't fair...and they were right. But I don't think that life was ever meant to be fair or perfect. It's not the tragedy, it's how we deal with it. It's whether we come out stronger because of it. It's not about blocking out the pain or hiding from it, it's about letting the pain shape you into someone better than you were before.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|New Rule: If you're one of the one-in-three married women who say your pet is a better listener than your husband, you talk too much. And I have some bad news for you: Your dog's not listening, either; he's waiting for food to fall out of your mouth.
Donald Hall|In my life, I've seen enormous increase in the consumption of poetry. When I was young, there were virtually no poetry readings.
Glenn Greenwald|It's almost hard to imagine anything more undemocratic than the view that political officials should not debate American wars in public, but only express concerns 'privately with the administration.' That's just a small sliver of Johnson's radicalism: replacing Feingold in the Senate with Ron Johnson would be a civil liberties travesty analogous to the economic travesty from, say, replacing Bernie Sanders with Lloyd Blankfein.
Donna Lynn Hope|Loneliness struck again, its force doubled by how much she wished it was her family there instead. Then oddly enough, she met the boy's stare and that feeling came again, that this was her family.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is in vain to stone the sky, no matter how big the rock is.
Compton Gage|Today, death is your opponent.
Michael  Grant, Gone|(...) But Gaia had absorbed the new information. "I won't need to kill billions, Diana. When Nemesis is gone, there will be no other like me. Just me alone. I will grow and spread, one body and then another, and soon there will be so many of me that it will be impossible to eradicate me. Eventually all will be me, and I will be all.""Won't that be boring?" Diana asked. "You'd be dating yourself. You'll have no one to discuss your evil plans with. (...)
Laurell K. Hamilton, Guilty Pleasures|She frowned. “I did nothing to arouse you.”He clenched his jaw, his stare growing more aggressive. “You breathed.
Paul Kalanithi|His gaze locked with mine and a slow grin appeared on his face. He didn’t look like he had last night. More like he did every day at school. Worn jeans. A black henley instead of a T-shirt and beat-up sneakers, but goodness, I couldn’t think.Okay. Not true. I could think, but I was thinking things I really had no concept of. I was thinking about those full, slightly curved lips and how they must feel in places...other than my forehead or cheek. I was thinking about his hands and how strong they were and the oddly pleasant calluses on his palms. I was thinking about...about a lot of things—things that now didn’t feel so wrong since he was actually single.Noticing my near-prone position, Ainsley looked over her shoulder. “Oh, my good God almighty,” she murmured. “That’s him?”“Yes,” I whispered. That was so him.
|The only love you should desperately search for, is the one that comes from you to you.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|Family is not disparate relationships between individuals and machines, in separate rooms of a house. Childhood is not a race to accumulate all of the consumer goods and stresses of adulthood in record time. Simplification signals a change and makes room for transformation. It is a stripping away that invites clarity.
Sam Vaknin, Malignant Self Love: Narcissism Revisited|Here lies the partner's salvation: if you, as his intimate, wish to sever your relationship with the narcissist, stop providing him with what he needs. Do not adore, admire, approve, applaud, or confirm anything he does or says. Disagree with his views belittle him, reduce him to size, compare him to others, tell him he is not unique, criticize him, give unsolicited advice, and offer him help. In short, deprive him of the grandiose and fantastic illusions, which holds his personality together.The narcissist is a delicately attuned piece of equipment. At the first sign of danger to his inflated False Self, he will quit and disappear on you.
Candice Raquel Lee|Love everyone unconditionally, including yourself.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democracy, from beneath which the old aristocratic colors sometimes peep.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|I put the photo in an album called Mortifying Emotional Moments, and I title it Soggy Napkin Note. The last selfie I posted in there was of me on the day I graduated college. My perfectly made up face is happy ... relieved. I called that one: Sallie Mae Can Suck It.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My prayer is that before they die, all people know that they are loved
Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy|We walked back to iDEATH, holding hands. Hands are very nice things, especially after they have travelled back from making love.
Buzz Aldrin|Can you imagine, in 2030, taking a space cruise on the very ship that carried the first human beings to Mars? I can't believe that people wouldn't line up for that possibility.
Michael R. French, Once Upon a Lie|Rationality and calm self-determination were one of the great illusions of the universe... in the end, we were all ruled by our passions.
Nathanael Kanyinga|The matter came up for judicial investigation, but as might have been expected, the white people concluded it was unnecessary to wait the result of the investigation—that it was preferable to hang the accused first and try him afterward.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Did you know that wherever you find fool's gold, real gold exists somewhere nearby? This also goes for relationships and friendships. Real gold is found in the heart. For every piece of fake gold that you discard, remember that true gold isn't too far.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|Strength is incomprehensible by weakness, and, therefore, the more terrible.
Theresa  Smith, Somebody I Used to Know|I felt like an integral part of my being had just been ripped out of me, only to have it replaced with something that did not belong.
Eve Marie Mont, Free to a Good Home|I liked the idea of adopting a dog that was beyond the puppy stage, a dog with an unknown span of life under his belt. It seemed only fair; he didn't know what he was getting into with me either.
Gudjon Bergmann, Baby Steps to Meditation|You see, meditation is not a fabricated state. It is natural. It is accessible to all. And in the same way that a person who learns how to run, can run any time they want to, or, a person who knows how to play an instrument can play music at will, once you learn how to meditate, you can create your moments of peace at will.
Caroline Hanson, Love is Darkness|I am so grateful to be here on this awesome planet with it's diverse life - everything we need to not just survive but to thrive. I am excited to continually learn more about it, and always curious to see what is going to come up next.
Douglas Coupland, Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture|This was not a good idea coming home for Christmas. I'm too old. Years ago, coming back from schools or trips, I always expected some sort of new perspective or fresh insight about the family on returning. That doesn't happen anymore-the days of revelation about my parents, at least, are over... its time to move on. I think we'd all appreciate that.
Husam Wafaei|The most successful business in the history of mankind is religion, and it is the most cost effective in franchising its ideology through ignorance and spreading of hate…. Such business has exceeded any expectation, and if it would transcend itself into world trading, it would have been the most valuable stock in any market….ever.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|All alone in an unfamiliar place, like some solitary explorer who's lost his compass and his map. Is this what it means to be free?
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Scott Pilgrim, Volume 2: Scott Pilgrim vs. The World|Blood in the water I sing, and one who shed it: deadliest hunger I sing, and one who fed it- weaving the ancient-most tale of the Sea's sending: singing the tragedy, singing the joy unending This is our shame- this is the whole Ocean's glory: this is the Song of the Twelve. Hark to the story! Hearken, and bring it to pass: swift lest the sorrow long ago laid to it's rest devour us tomarrow! 
Carl Rogers|Growth occurs when individuals confront problems, struggle to master them, and through that struggle develop new aspects of their skills, capacities, views about life.
Elizabeth George, One-Minute Inspirations for Women|... sterile, splendid torture of understanding and loving...
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|I just can’t wait to get out of Sweet Valley,' Jessica explained. 'I feel like I’ve been dancing with the same ten cute guys my whole life.
Janet Wallach, Desert Queen: The Extraordinary Life of Gertrude Bell: Adventurer, Adviser to Kings, Ally of Lawrence of Arabia|Great persons, like great empires, leave their mark on history.
Tony Dovale|With the right MINDSET, you can Survive, Thrive & Grow... Even in the Midst of turbulence and change
Ray A., Practice These Principles: Living the Spiritual Disciplines and Virtues in 12-Step Recovery to Achieve Spiritual Growth, Character Development, and Emotional Sobriety|You can overcome the things that are done to you, but you cannot escape the things that you have done. Here is the truth: It matters, what you do at war. It matters more than you ever want to know. Because countries, like people, have collective consciences and memories and souls, and the violence we deliver in the name of our nation is pooled like sickly tar at the bottom of who we are. The soldiers who don't die for us come home again. They bring with them the killers they became on our national behalf, and sit with their polluted memories and broken emotions in our homes and schools and temples. We may wish it were not so, but action amounts to identity. We become what we do.You can tell yourself all the stories you want, but you can't leave your actions over there. You can't build a wall and expect to live on the other side of memory. All of the poison seeps back into our soil.
Leon Trotsky, The Revolution Betrayed|The basis of bureaucratic rule is the poverty of society in objects of consumption, with the resulting struggle of each against all. When there is enough goods in a store, the purchasers can come whenever they want to. When there is little goods, the purchasers are compelled to stand in line. When the lines are very long, it is necessary to appoint a policeman to keep order. Such is the starting point of the power of the Soviet bureaucracy. It "knows" who is to get something and who has to wait.
Sunday Adelaja|Waking up in the same place in which you dozed off has never happened either to you or to anyone else. Ever. Earth does not stop moving when you sleep. Every hour that passes, Earth travels a little more than 800,000 kilometres around the centre of our galaxy. And so do you. That's the equivalent of about twenty trips around the planet. Every hour. No one minds, though, as long as their bed stays still beneath their body.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is an indispensable companion to all those who are keen to make sense of life in an infinitely complex and confusing Universe, for though it cannot hope to be useful or informative on all matters, it does at least make the reassuring claim, that where it is inaccurate it is at least definitively inaccurate. In cases of major discrepancy it's always reality that's got it wrong.This was the gist of the notice. It said "The Guide is definitive. Reality is frequently inaccurate."This has led to some interesting consequences. For instance, when the Editors of the Guide were sued by the families of those who had died as a result of taking the entry on the planet Tralal literally (it said "Ravenous Bugblatter Beasts often make a very good meal for visiting tourists: instead of "Ravenous Bugblatter Beasts often make a very good meal of visiting tourists"), they claimed that the first version of the sentence was the more aesthetically pleasing, summoned a qualified poet to testify under oath that beauty was truth, truth beauty and hoped thereby to prove that the guilty party in this case was Life itself for failing to be either beautiful or true. The judges concurred, and in a moving speech held that Life itself was in contempt of court, and duly confiscated it from all those there present before going off to enjoy a pleasant evening's ultragolf.
James Hetfield|If we can understand that death is not the end but is really a transition into the next life, the great part of life, that frees us up into receiving God's courage and his help.
Richard Livingstone|The test of successful education is not the amount of knowledge that pupils take away from school, but their appetite to know and their capacity to learn.
Anton Corbijn|For the men and women of the FBI, bravery is reflected not only in the physical courage often necessary in the job. It can be seen in the courage of conviction, in the courage to act with wisdom in the face of fear, and in the courage it takes to admit mistakes and move forward.
Gugu Mona|Every time he saw her, he realised the reason why they always said humans are made of stardust.
Brownell Landrum, The Tempo Builds: DUET stories Volume II - Adult Version|What is money for, if not to share with those you love and treasure?
Erik Pevernagie|Material and technical changes are mostly quite visible. But less visible are the changes in the mind of the people, their way of thinking, their conception of the world and the quality of their fears. ("Horizon and Vision" )
Mehmet Murat ildan|Employment was better than idleness for men, because it kept the enemy guessing.
Maria Malonzo, Hello, Privet! #1 : Hello/Привет|Fortunately, our colleges and universities are fully cognizant of the problems I have been delineating and take concerted action to address them. Curricula are designed to give coherence to the educational experience and to challenge students to develop a strong degree of moral awareness. Professors, deeply involved with the enterprise of undergraduate instruction, are committed to their students' intellectual growth and insist on maintaining the highest standards of academic rigor. Career services keep themselves informed about the broad range of postgraduate options and make a point of steering students away from conventional choices. A policy of noncooperation with U.S. News has taken hold, depriving the magazine of the data requisite to calculate its rankings. Rather than squandering money on luxurious amenities and exorbitant administrative salaries, schools have rededicated themselves to their core missions of teaching and the liberal arts. I'm kidding, of course.
Abhijit Naskar|​Blind faith may be healthy for the individual mind, but it is not religion.
|Yeah, I said the universe. Call it Fate or The Force or whatever you want. Everything is everything. It's all part of one big system. I like to think of it as the universe.
Nigel Farage|Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|It's funny how you can forget everything except people loving you. Maybe that's why humans find it so hard getting over love affairs. It's not the pain they're getting over, it's the love.
Jewel E. Ann, Scarlet Stone|Your world may think what it chooses...but really, opinion and gossip count for nothing at all against truth...
David Loades, Elizabeth I|In no issue of foreign policy could her prevarication and indecisiveness be said to have led to disastrous consequences for her country. On the international stage there was no better survivor. At home her achievement can only be judged with hindsight. A combination of good sense and longevity settled the church, and it was no fault of hers that confessional issues became so divisive forty years after her death. She gave her country pride, and set its commercial development on a course that was eventually to be spectacularly successful; for that she deserves more credit than she is usually given.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The more unworthy you feel yourself to be, the more evidence have you that nothing but unspeakable love could have led the Lord Jesus to save such a soul as yours. The more demerit you feel, the clearer is the display of the abounding love of God in having chosen you, and called you, and made you an heir of bliss.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Surprise is just a paradox. Sometimes it annoys us; sometimes it shakes the tears of joy within us; sometimes it makes us ponder; sometimes it ceases our words and leaves our jaws open, and sometimes, it shuts our lips; for a moment, surprises can put our minds into a state of confusion and halt the movement of the body. Watch out for surprises for surprises are there to surprise you!
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|My tears brought no sense of release or relief. Their flight felt like the lightest, coldest touch of a departing lover.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Look, I'm not going to have sex with him just so he'll say that he loves me, you know?"...That isn't why I was planning to have sex with Rob - to hear the words, I mean. I just wanted to get it over with. I think. Actually, I'm not sure why it seemed so important.
Paul Watson|In the end, long life is the reward, strength, and beauty.
Rachael Wade, Love and Relativity|Forgiveness wasn’t ever easy, but a feat much more manageable when you weren’t the subject of its grace. Maybe I’d always be a broken recipient of grace. And in that musing, I found rest.
Peggi Speers, The Inspired Caregiver: Finding Joy While Caring for Those You Love|There is a line in Verlaine I shall not recall again,There is a street close by forbidden to my feet,There's a mirror that's seen me for the very last time,There is a door that I have locked till the end of the world.Among the books in my library (I have them before me)There are some that I shall never open now.This summer I complete my fiftieth year;Death is gnawing at me ceaselessly.
Carl Jung, Cornwall Seminar, Pages 1-5.|Relationships must be fostered as far as possible and maintained, and thus a morbid transference can be avoided.
Kingsley C. Okei|You can be critical and not judgmental. The two are synonyms, but no the same. The critical man analyzes people, things, and issues, very carefully. The judgmental man presents the results of his careful analysis in a manner that condemns.
Amit Kalantri|Politics doesn’t mean playing deceitful and trickery games against the people, it means playing resourceful and organized games for the people.
Himanshu Chhabra|Ego is like a street urchin, born of fear and wanting and left to its own devices....
Toni Morrison, A Mercy|She learned the intricacy of loneliness: the horror of color, the roar of soundlessness and the menace of familiar objects lying still.
Huang Po, The Zen Teaching of Huang Po: On the Transmission of Mind|Not till your thoughts cease all their branching here and there, not till you abandon all thoughts of seeking for something, not till your mind is motionless as wood or stone, will you be on the right road to the Gate.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|It reminds me that no embrace will ever feel the same again, because no one will ever be like her again, because she's gone. She's gone, and crying feels so useless, so stupid, but it's all I can do.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Infantile love follows the principle: "I love because I am loved." Mature love follows the principle: "I am loved because I love." Immature love says: "I love you because I need you." Mature love says: "I need you because I love you.
Donna Lynn Hope|People, most especially those who have known ease in this life, care more about being prospered than refined. It's always about what they can get from God, not what they can do for others, unless they can call attention to it for others to see.
Bill Watterson|I spend more time learning about Buddhism than English, which is why my English today is still bad.
Skye Callahan, Bound and Unbroken|I can’t do this anymore if it’s not with you. Fuck me straight to hell." ~Eve to Beckett
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|[Tolstoy] does not necessarily get rid of [his angry] temperament by undergoing religious conversion, and indeed it is obvious that the illusion of having been reborn may allow one's native vices to flourish more freely than ever, though perhaps in subtler forms.
