Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|In the journey of life, certain paths may seem to be leading nowhere because of a mountain or hill on the way which may seem to be the end of the journey, but should a pilgrim of life climb such a mountain with tenacity and courage and gets to its apex, he would not only deeply feel and understand the tenacity and the courage it takes to climb the mountain, but he would also see ahead and have a clearer picture of the way forward better!
Ross  Turner, Jenson|If beauty truly is in the eye of the beholder, then surely I would have to had been blind to not see it in her.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|She tore off a piece of baguette; it was both crusty and soft, still warm in the centre. It was amazing how something so simple, so basic could be this delicious.
Robert A. Heinlein|The purpose of a thought-experiment, as the term was used by Schrödinger and other physicists, is not to predict the future - indeed Schrödinger most famous thought experiment goes to show that the "future," on the quantum level, cannot be predicted - but to describe reality, the present world.Science fiction is not predictive; it is descriptive.Predictions are uttered by prophets (free of charge), by clairvoyants (who usually charge a fee, and are therefore mor honored in their day than prophets), and by futurologists (salaried). Prediction is the business of prophets, clairvoyants, and futurologists. It is not the business of novelists. A novelist's business is lying. Science fiction is not predictive; it is descriptive.Predictions are uttered by prophets (free of charge), by clairvoyants (who usually charge a fee, and are therefore mor honored in their day than prophets), and by futurologists (salaried). Prediction is the business of prophets, clairvoyants, and futurologists. It is not the business of novelists. A novelist's business is lying.
Elisabeth Elliot, Through Gates of Splendor|This is the context in which the story must be understood—as one incident in human history, an incident in certain ways and to certain people important, but only one incident. God is the God of human history, and He is at work continuously, mysteriously, accomplishing His eternal purposes in us, through us, for us, and in spite of us.
Lily Amis, Angel of Love  Lily: Zak, My Sweet Inspiration|Never chase people. Be you and the right people who belong in your life and deserve a place in your heart will come, find and appreciate you!
Sabrina Jeffries, How the Scoundrel Seduces|Her face flushed, her eyes flared and she poked him in the chest. "Ach, I had nae caution, you brastling gaupie! What about you? You recklessly left the sword out when there are children around!"Anger crackled in every fibre of her body. He felt it. He saw it in the flash of her hair, the light of her eyes. But she was standing right in front of him and she was so very whole."Reckless!" He grabbed her arms and yanked her to him. "I'll show you reckless!
Ellen Phillips, Everything You Need to Know about the Menopause: A Comprehensive Guide to Surviving - And Thriving! - During This Turbulent Life Stage|If hitting an unexpected speed bump with your car equates to the best sex you've had lately, you know your hormones are sending you a signal.
Daphne du Maurier, Frenchman's Creek|Don’t Seek Happiness - Happiness is like an orgasm: if you think about it too much, it goes away. Keep busy and aim to make someone else happy, and you might find you get some as a side effect. We didn’t evolve to be constantly content. Contented Australopithecus Afarensis got eaten before passing on their genes.
Ernst Zundel|I shall strive not to be guilty of adding any fuel to the flames of hatred and passion which, if continued to be fed, promise to burn up whatever is left by the war of decent human feeling in Europe.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|We grow old not by the number of our years, but by not numbering our years - not living our dreams, not enjoying the everyday life
Alex  Payne|Deep” to me connotes intellectual rigor, not fashionable obscurity or the unnecessarily academic.
Scott Adams, God's Debris: A Thought Experiment|The best you can hope for in a relationship is to findsomeone whose flaws are the sort you don’t mind. It isfutile to look for someone who has no flaws, or someonewho is capable of significant change; that sort of personexists only in our imaginations.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|a variation in the objective exchange-value of money can arise only when a force is exerted in one direction that is not cancelled by a counteracting force in the opposite direction. If the causes that alter the ratio between the stock of money and the demand for it from the point of view of an individual consist merely in accidental and personal factors that concern that particular individual only, then, according to the law of large numbers, it is likely that the forces arising from this cause, and acting in both directions in the market, will counterbalance each other.
Katherine Owen, This Much is True|I am smiling a big adopted-orphan smile as I write this ... I still love scribbling the word - WRITER - any time on a form, questionnaire, document asks for my occupation. Fine, I write personality quizzes, I don't write about the Great Issues of the Day, but I think it's fair to say I am a writer ... ('Adopted-orphan smile', I mean, that's not bad, come on.)
Harshvardhan Malpani|When life takes you down like Brock Lesnar, You have to be Goldberg. But struggle doesn't stop there, you will be taken down again soon. You will have to be Undertaker this time. It is all about improving and improvising.
Joseph Brodsky|Poetry isn't just different from prose, it's more important for the human species.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|ROSE FELT LIKE she had a neon sign flashing over her head—looking for a one night stand, only sex gods need apply.
Erik Pevernagie|Instead of breaking or cherry-picking the rules, many just follow the inner rules, which have been instilled during their lifetime and have subtly permeated their thinking. They value rules, as it offers the ravishment of a securing, ceremonial rhythm in life and it prevents them from breaking free from their cocoon, all the more because freedom can be so scaring and exhausting. ("When forgetting the rules of the game" )
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Night poured itself down my throat. Night was my wine and my meat. Night wed me and bedded me, widowed me and murdered me and resurrected me whole a thousand times over with each hour.
Barry Hughart, Bridge of Birds|I do not miss childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in small things, even as greater things crumbled.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Glanced up and caught Ammu's gaze. Centuries telescoped into one evanescent moment. History was wrong-footed, caught off guard. Sloughed off like an old snakeskin. Its marks , its scars its wouns from old wars and the walking backwards days all fell away. In its abscence it left an aura, a palpable shimmering that was as plain as water in a river or the sun in the sky. As plain to feel the heat on a hot day, or the tug of a fish on a taut line. So obvious that no-one noticed. In that brief moment, Velutha looked up and saw things that he hadn't seen before. Things that had been out of bounds so far, obscured by histor's blinkers....This knowing slid into him cleanly, like the sharp edge of a knife. Cold and hot at once. It only took a moment. Ammu saw that he saw. She looked away. He did too. History's fiends returned to claim them. To rewrap them in its old scarred pelt and drag them back to where they really lived. Where the Love Laws lay down who should be loved. And how. And how much.
Renee Cefalu|There is a powerful misconception of what goes on in our heads is connected with who we are. Holding on to the" belief” that we are our minds, perpetuates the continual human suffering. Believing our mind is who we are, strengthens the illusion that we have no control over our thinking, our emotions, or our perceived realities.
Jack D. Forbes, Columbus and Other Cannibals: The Wetiko Disease of Imperialism, Exploitation and Terrorism|Religion is, in reality, living. Our religion is not what we profess, or what we say, or what we proclaim; our religion is what we do, what we desire, what we seek, what we dream about, what we fantasize, what we think - all these things - twenty-four hours a day. One's religion, then, is ones life, not merely the ideal life but the life as it is actually lived. Religion is not prayer, it is not a church, it is not theistic, it is not atheistic, it has little to do with what white people call "religion." It is our every act. If we tromp on a bug, that is our religion; if we experiment on living animals, that is our religion; if we cheat at cards, that is our religion; if we dream of being famous, that is our religion; if we gossip maliciously, that is our religion; if we are rude and aggressive, that is our religion. All that we do, and are, is our religion.
The Truth|My shitty book, no one is going to read, about a total asshole and a completely fucked up world.
Will Rogers|Maybe there are people who are gamers who haven't seen movies I have made, or the movies I have made have made no impression on them at all.
Haruki Murakami, Hear the Wind Sing|There's no such thing as perfect writing, just like there's no such thing as perfect despair.
Karen Maezen Miller, Hand Wash Cold: Care Instructions for an Ordinary Life|The jinni sighed. 'I'm less grateful to him than I should be. He's a good and generous man, but I'm not accustomed to relying on someone else. It makes me feel weak.’'How is relying on others a weakness?''How can it be anything else? If for some reason Arbeely died tomorrow, I'd be forced to find another occupation. The event would be outside my control, yet I'd be at its mercy. Is that not weakness?''I suppose. But then, going by your standard, everyone is weak. So why call it a weakness, instead of just the way things are?
Nora Roberts, Tribute|You don't want some tacky Vegas fly-by. You're serious. You're serious about friendships, about your work, your family. You're serious about Star Wars, and you active dislike of Jar Jar Binks---""Well, God. Come on, anyone who---""You're serious," she continued before he went on a Jar Jar rant, "about living your life on your terms, and being easygoing doesn't negate that one bit. You're serious about what kind of kryptonite is more lethal to Superman.""You have to go with the classic green. I told you, the gold can strip Kryptonians' powers permanently, but---"......"Mkae all the lists you want, Cilla. Love? It's green kryptonite. it powers out all the rest.
Dara Reidyr|This system that has been created for us, stifles the mind, thus why some suffer from mental illness; especially those who internalize their condition. To hold back a fluid being from mental development is asking for trouble. In anticipation of this, the creators of this chaotic system, thought to create a response to such a breakdown, and when society began to display such behaviors, they created mental illness diagnoses, so as to ensure that blame could be placed on the individual for their behavior. You cannot blame someone who might have developed into someone great, for the break down of their mental constitution; it's to be expected in such a system as we have.
Brock Yates|When I'm on the road, I'll break my exercise into a cardio session and a weights session.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you fail at something, it means you have not mastered the art. With persistence practice, you will be master and eventually succeed.
Oscar Wilde|Thanks to my solid academic training, today I can write hundreds of words on virtually any topic without possessing a shred of information, which is how I got a good job in journalism.
Sheila M. Reindl, Sensing the Self: Women's Recovery from Bulimia|Yet because her needs and yearnings are real and pressing, she must find some way to express them: she puts into body what she cannot yet put into words. Her eating disorder serves as her voice, her attempt to express and meet her needs and desires without directly asking for anything".
E.E. Cummings|Either I'm changing very quickly, and everything is standing still, or I'm the one standing still and everything is changing around me. Either way, I'm out of joint with the world.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|These poets and other creative persons are the ones who express being itself, he held. As I would put it, these are the ones who enlarge human consciousness. Their creativity is the most basic manifestation of a man or woman fulfilling his or her own being in the world.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Pip wondered what the secret was of being different in a way that attracted people, as opposed to her own way.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|Society will develop a new kind of servitude which covers the surface of society with a network of complicated rules, through which the most original minds and the most energetic characters cannot penetrate. It does not tyrannise but it compresses, enervates, extinguishes, and stupefies a people, till each nation is reduced to nothing better than a flock of timid and industrious animals, of which the government is the shepherd.
Noah Hawley|We do not covet one inch of Lebanese territory, and the basis for the peace treaty between our two countries will be the international border, which exists now, between Rosh Haniqra and Ras en Naqura.
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe: Rediscovering the Wonder of a God You Can't Control|For the place God calls us into isn’t doubt free—how can any place where we walk by faith and not by sight be that? No, the holy wild is where we have driving and haunting doubts, God-hungry doubts that pull us to our knees, force us to the Word, make us wrestle all night and not let go until He blesses us. The holy wild throngs with true skeptics.
Roeau Vetrano, Rasping Melodies: Painspirations of My Past|if you loose some thing , you gained the experience ..
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|And now I am here, as alone as I've ever been. I am seventeen years old. This is not how it's suppose to be. This is not how my life is suppose to turn out.
Herbert M. Shelton, Getting Well|The sad irony here is that the FDA, which does not regulate fluoride in drinking water, does regulate toothpaste and on the back of a tube of fluoridated toothpaste … it must state that “if your child swallows more than the recommended amount, contact a poison control center.”The amount that they’re talking about, the recommended amount, which is a pea-sized amount, is equivalent to one glass of water.The FDA is not putting a label on the tap saying don’t drink more than one glass of water. If you do, contact a poison center…There is no question that fluoride — not an excessive amount — can cause serious harm.
Paul Watson|I try to protect my loved ones, the people I share my life with, because they don't have a public life like me. I want to keep their lives private out of respect for them.
Ellen Hopkins|So you try to think of someone else you're mad at, and the unavoidable answer pops into your little warped brain: everyone.
Nidhal Tekaya|Life is surprises, try not to expect everything.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|A little belief, a little faith, a little hope is sometimes all we need, to see the light.
Judith McNaught, Someone to Watch Over Me|to be in charge. To be the wise owl. The comforter. I felt I’d moved beyond that. Gained my own wisdom. Found comfort in my own company. In just being me. The long healing process was at an end, hastened by these few days of sunshine and blissful solitude.
Dada Bhagwan|God has called 'chit prasannta' (blissful state of chit) as happiness. Even when someone swears at you, picks your pocket; the 'chit prasannta' doesn’t go away! Even at two o’clock in the morning, the 'chit prasannta' does not go away.
Debasish Mridha|Trust everyone and love everyone, you will never lose.
Holly Cupala, Tell Me a Secret|Keep your eyes on the future, because that's where the answers are. It's where the hope is.
Boris Gorbachevsky, Through the Maelstrom: A Red Army Soldier's War on the Eastern Front, 1942-1945|I am not here to make you feel better, I am just here to make you feel worse
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|What has greatly help'd to confirm the Men in the prejudiced notion of Women's natural weakness, is the common manner of expression which this very vulgar error gave birth to. When they mean to stigmatise a Man with want of courage they call him effeminate, and when they would praise a Woman for her courage they call her manly. But as these, and such like expressions, are merely arbitrary and but a fulsome compliment which the Men pass on themselves, they establish no truth.
Josie Bissett|I got this Christmas gift with the entire Beatles catalog. I had fun trying to duplicate what I was hearing on these records, only using the instruments I had at hand - an acoustic guitar, and that's all. It was endlessly amusing to me to try to imitate John Lennon and Paul McCartney's harmonies using the guitar.
Wallace Stegner, The Sound of Mountain Water|And the candle by the light of which she had been reading that book filled with anxieties, deceptions, grief and evil, flared up brighter than ever, lit up for her all that had once been darkness, sputtered, grew dim and went out for ever.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|What but a pestilential vapour can hover over society when its chief director is only instructed in the invention of crimes, or the stupid routine of childish ceremonies?
Amit Kalantri|All the time, circumstances are not going to favor us. We shall have toface obstacles and adversities. Fearlessness is the first virtue of a hero, thestarting point of all other noble virtues.
Ben Lerner, 10:04|All we know for sure is that if some astronomer turned a telescope to a far-off star cluster tonight and found incontrovertible evidence of life, even microbial scavengers, it would be the most important discovery ever—proof that human beings are not so special after all. Except that we exist, too, and can understand and make such discoveries.
R.D. Blackmore, Lorna Doone|[Jack:] 'I was twenty-four when I met Walker. Do you know I've never lived alone? I'm forty-four years old and I've never lived alone. The first few weeks Walker was gone, I didn't know what to do with myself. I'd stay in the store until late, pick up some takeout, and just watch television until I fell asleep.'[... Melody:] 'Sounds kind of great right
Mehmet Murat ildan|In life there are times where you have to behave like twilight streets: Don’t move, don’t speak, don’t even dream, just be silent and wait for the light to shine on you!
Flora  Roberts|I have to say, her blonde bob was amazing. The delicate way it hugged her face and neck. The softness of it...
Chelsea Sedoti, The Hundred Lies of Lizzie Lovett|As long as something was a mystery, there was still the potential for amazement. Maybe that's where I went wrong before. Some riddles weren't meant to be solved.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a symbol of peace, a plot of dreams, a light of hope, and a bundle of joy.
Natsuo Kirino, Grotesque|In order to induce the process of decay, water is necessary. I think that, in the case of women, men are the water.
Jonas Jonasson, The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared|Care to explain?” Ari asked.“Didn’t you see my signals?”“Yeah. But they didn’t make sense. Five into one and it’s an intrusion.”“It’s an illusion! Five of them are an illusion.”“That’s not the signal for illusion. This is.” Ari demonstrated the proper signal.“That’s what I did.”“No, you didn’t. You did a weird twisty thing with your pinky.”“I had a scimitar at my throat. I’d like to see you try signaling under those conditions.”-Janco and Ari bickering
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Sorrow and self-pity consume enormous quantities of energy. If you only can desist from feeling victimized by fate and look for a new solution instead, not only would you conserve old energies but at the same time also feel the surge of the new. New hope is kindled in the process.
Max Tegmark, Our Mathematical Universe: My Quest for the Ultimate Nature of Reality|The cognitive science's challenge is to link our consensus reality to our internal reality, but physics' challenge is to link our consensus reality to our external reality.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Words do less than 10 things, but actions do more than 10 thousand things. Leaders don’t talk in vain; they follow with actions.
Edgar Cayce|Keep the body - or keep the mind, and it will keep the body! - in a constructive manner. That is, think the pleasant things, even when the outlook may be the darkest. Do not allow the little things that are hindrances make for irritating, or to hurt the feelings. For naturally the body is sensitive to feelings of others, through the overflow of those activities in the sympathetic system. But know that God is! Know that He protects those who put their trust in Him; that what is necessary will be supplied thee if ye will keep joyous, keep happy, keep in that way of constructive forces throughout!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Have the mind of a swam, the heart of a lion, the tongue of a serpent, the flair of a swam, and the soul of a dove.
Louis N. Jones, The Colors Will Change|What's the truth? The truth is what happened to you and him or her, over the years, and what didn't happen. The truth is what you said and didn't say, how much you tried, how you changed, and whether you were lucky. I believe in luck. I think luck plays a huge part in success. Or failure. In the end, who cares about the truth? You still end up divorced. Finally, the biggest asshole wins. Sort of. At least the biggest asshole takes home the must stuff. If you consider this winning then have at it. You're an asshole.
Dada Bhagwan|When ‘my’ and ‘I’ are gone, it is known as a state free of wrong beliefs (nirvikalp)!
Niels Bohr|Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future.
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|One month. Thirty days. I could bury myself in my art and forget the feel of his lips sliding across mine. I could forget the scent of his cologne, the way my body reacted when he touched me. I sighed. Thirty days suddenly seemed like an eternity.
M.L. LeGette, For the Kingdom|I'm done waiting for someone, even my father, to save me. Today I'm the one who will be doing the saving.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|[Talking about Rosalind in As You Like It] She disguises herself as a boy, drops all the covering inhibitions of "femininity", and really searches for her true self (...) Her disguise gives her the ability to find out about herself, what she really thinks and feels (...). And she can do all this freely, without having anyone in power tell her how women should or should not behave.(...)
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Intercessory prayer is exceedingly prevalent. What wonders it has wrought! The Word of God teems with its marvelous deeds. Believer, thou hast a mighty engine in thy hand, use it well, use it constantly, use it with faith, and thou shalt surely be a benefactor to thy brethren.
Narendra Modi|While day by day the overzealous student stores up facts for future use, he who has learned to trust nature finds need for ever fewer external directions. He will discard formula after formula, until he reaches the conclusion: Let nature take its course.
Neil Gaiman, Neverwhere|Universality is the distinguishing mark of genius. There is no such thing as a special genius, a genius for mathematics, or for music, or even for chess, but only a universal genius. The genius is a man who knows everything without having learned it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Upon reading, great stories by Great Spirits, the glorious inspiration penetrated our soul; we can’t help but to shed tears. It was a soul soothing and a deep spiritual awaken.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Maybe the greatest anger and frustration come not from unemployment or poverty or the lack of a future but from the feeling that you have no culture, because you've been torn between cultures, between incompatible symbols. How can you exist if you don't know where you are? So you burn cars, ecause when you have no culture, you're no longer a civilised animal, you're a wild beast. And a wild beast burns and kills and pillages.
Archibald Gumiro|Love creates acceptance, respect, passion and security.
E.N. Supen, Turning Point|Yes, you can make a difference! You can speak on behalf of those who are voiceless.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupāda, The Science of Self-Realization|Our only business is to love God, not to ask God for our necessities.
Martin Buber, I and Thou|All we Karamazovs are such insects. And angel as you are, that insect lives in you, too, and will stir up a tempest in your blood. Tempests, because sensual lust is a tempest - worse than a tempest! Beauty is a terrible and awful thing! It is terrible because it has not been fathomed and never can be fathomed, for God sets before us nothing but riddles. Here the boundaries meet and all contradictions exist side by side. I am not an educated nor cultured man, Alyosha, but I've thought a lot about this. It's terrible what mysteries there are! Too many riddles weigh men down on earth. We must solve as we can, and try to keep a dry skin in the water. Beauty! I can't bear the thought that a man of lofty mind and heart begins with the ideal of the Madonna and ends with the ideal of Sodom. What's still more awful is that a man with the ideal of Sodom in his soul does not renounce the ideal of the Madonna, and his heart may be on fire with that ideal, genuinely on fire, just as in his days of youth and innocence. Yes, man is broad, too broad. I'd have him narrower. The devil only knows what to make of it! What to the mind is shameful is beauty and nothing else to the heart. Is there beauty in Sodom? Believe me, that for the immense mass of mankind beauty is found in Sodom. Did you know that secret? The awful thing is that beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and the devil are fighting there and the battlefield is the heart of man.
Jane D. Hull|My children are the reason I laugh, smile and want to get up every morning.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|A few years ago, honesty was the hallmark of a man of good character. But it’s been set aside for an “It’s all right if you don’t get caught” philosophy.
David Nicholls, One Day|Who's he seeing now then?""No idea. They're like funfair goldfish; no point giving them names, they never last that long.
Boris Pasternak|If wool shrinks when you wash it, why don't sheep get smaller when it rains?
Natalie Bina, Never Trust a Happy Song|Above them, stars shine in constellations that Jenny recognizes from the ceiling of her father's house, the ones Mom and Dad helped her put up when she was in third grade. Constellations with names like Fire Truck and Ladybug Come Home, constellations that you won't find in any astronomer's catalogue.
K.A. Applegate|If a supernatural being is to be exempt from natural law, it cannot possess specific, determinatecharacteristics. These attributes would impose limits and these limits would restrict the capacitiesof this supernatural being. In this case, a supernatural being would be subject to the causalrelationships that mark natural existence, which would disqualify it as a god. Therefore, we mustsomehow conceive of a being without a specific nature, a being that is indeterminate—a being, inother words, that is nothing in particular. But these characteristics (or, more precisely, lack ofcharacteristics) are incompatible with the notion of existence itself.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Afterward, there was that long, crowded pause in which everyone decides that although they are very shaken, and possibly upside down, they are, to their surprise, still alive.
George Sand|Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.
Terry Pratchett|They should.""Should be like a wood bee," she said.It was a private joke, a mocking appreciation of the slipperiness of even the simplest hope, a nonce catchphrase like so many others lifted from favorite movies or TV shows that served as a rote substitute for conversation and bound them like shut-in twins, each other's best and, most often, only audience.
Dacha Avelin, Embracing Your Inner Witch: The Maidens Guide to Old World Witchcraft|Witches release the chapters of the past, which invites the novels of the future.
Ken Follett|When Greed makes to money number one priority, it trust nobody
Annie Besant|And I have no doubt that every new example will succeed, as every past one has done, in showing that religion and Government will both exist in greater purity, the less they are mixed together.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It is comic that a mentally disordered man picks up any piece of granite and carries it around because he thinks it is money, and in the same way it is comic that Don Juan has 1,003 mistresses, for the number simply indicates that they have no value. Therefore, one should stay within one’s means in the use of the word "love".
George R.R. Martin|In his life he too, like all people, had harboured ideas and dreams. Some he had fulfilled for himself; some had been granted to him. Many things had remained out of reach, or barely had he reached them than they were torn from his hands again. But he was still here. And in the mornings after the first snowmelt, when he walked across the dew-soaked meadow outside his hut and lay down on one of the flat rocks scattered there, the cool stone at his back and the first warm rays of sun on his face, he felt that many things had not gone so badly after all.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|This is what men risk so much for; this shiver, this acute heat and desire. This is what they think eternity feels like.
Dennis Sharpe, Wednesday|I thought a lot about what I wanted to say,” Ethan softly interrupted. “I wanted to be sure it would give you the strength and courage to win through today. I decided that all you need to know is all that anyone really needs to know—you are loved. I love you. Melanie loves you. We believe in you. Somewhere up there God’s watching. He’s surely watching you. If His eye watches a sparrow, you know He’s watching the first of His children to reach across the stars and take the history of our small corner with His message out to every race of the universe. I think He must be on the edge of his throne watching and thinking, ‘Finally! This moment has come.’ He loves you, Leo. You can be sure of that. If all you know in life is that you are loved, you can press through anything. You can bear anything. Don’t let them stop you.
Ernest Hemingway|World War I was the most colossal, murderous, mismanaged butchery that has ever taken place on earth. Any writer who said otherwise lied, So the writers either wrote propaganda, shut up, or fought.
Tina Reber, Love Unrehearsed|You’re my best friend,You’re my love,You’re my life.I can’t wait tomake youmy wife!Love, Ryan
Ruby Elliot|It wasn't that I stopped caring about life, but that I've stopped being able to care.
Seth Rogen|After a life deprived of everything from romantic love to the choice of when to wake up in the morning, after 29 years without the ability to have a career or even to be alone at toilet, the Bijani sisters are not symbols but women who have had to live a shared life of constant, quotidian sacrifice.
Rudy Giuliani|The essence of optimism is that it takes no account of the present, but it is a source of inspiration, of vitality and hope where others have resigned; it enables a man to hold his head high, to claim the future for himself and not to abandon it to his enemy.
Fernando de Rojas, La Celestina|O world, world when I was younger I thought there was some order governing you and your deeds. But now you seem to be a labyrinth of errors, a frightful desert, a den of wild beasts, a game in which men move in circles…a stony field, a meadow full of serpents, a flowering but barren orchard, a spring of cares, a river of tears, a sea of suffering, a vain hope.
Ethan Canin, A Doubter's Almanac|As soon as we conform anything to language, we’ve changed it. Use a word and you’ve altered the world. The poets know this. It’s what they try so hard to avoid.
Susan Rice|When I resigned, I put the U.S. Government on notice that I'm going to stick to policy issues, that I have no intention of going out and blowing the cover off of the intelligence operations, that those are truly sensitive and they should not be exposed.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Sam came to a fork in the road. One sign said 'SLAMMED DOORS, Path of Discouragement. Continue doing what you're doing.' The other sign said 'OPEN DOORS, Path of Change. Do something different.' And so he was presented with a choice. It was a "no-brainer" to choose the path of "OPEN DOORS." But the question became, 'What to do different?
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|The heart of a person only beats when it's surrounded by blood, by family.
Nanette Mathews|Alice would choose to love herself, different and extraordinary, every day of the week.
Ava|they say people only hear what they want to hear,but i don't know if that is always true, i've been wanting to hear your heart and it's as silent as the moon.
R.J.  Lawrence|Against ignorance, God Himself is helpless.
Philip K. Dick|Stop caring what people think about you. People will always have their opinions. Don't worry about it. What you think about you (and what God thinks about you) is all that matters. You can never please everyone, so stop trying so hard to please people.
Richard A. Dunlap, The Golden Ratio and Fibonacci Numbers|The Golden Ratio defines the squaring of a circle. Stated in mathematical terms, this says: Given a square of known perimeter, create a circle of equal circumference. According to some, in ancient Egypt, this mathematical mystery was encoded in the measurements of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
J.K. Rowling|But you would think, wouldn't you, that getting hit forty-five times in the neck with a blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt? - Sir Nicholas de Mimsy
D.R. Silva|If sickness brought glory God, Jesus would have spread disease, not healed it.
Auliq Ice|A soul of hospitality and a heart of humanity is a house of love, peace, freedom, liberty and justice.
Michal Ajvaz, The Golden Age|It is true that nothing here makes any sense, but this is no great misfortune; I learned from the islanders that sense is not of any particular importance, that its presence may even disrupt the clean lines of certain pictures and cast a cloud over their fine light, while laments on the absurdity of being struck me as self-indulgent and objectionable even before my stay on the island. Once you get a little used to a terrain cleansed of sense, you realize that there is amusement enough to be had here, and that only in its emptiness can the magic crystals of beauty originate. And in this space something is revealed: the silent dignity of people, animals, plants and objects, that is able to stir graciousness, compassion and reverence.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|When a man has many women in his life to cater to, one of them is bound to come last.
Robert Jay Lifton, Destroying the World to Save It: Aum Shinrikyo, Apocalyptic Violence, and the New Global Terrorism|When we consider further the social and psychological roots of the collective urge to kill the world, we are likely to see more of ourselves in it and to begin to think of such groups as something of a dark "cultural underground" of our own society. We are also likely to discover that whatever renders our society more decent and more inclusive in its benefits is likely to undermine the totalistic impulse to destroy everything.
Virginia Foxx|In this nation, leadership is dollars.
Cory Booker|Independence is fun, especially when there's a beloved waiting in the wings, and freedom makes you a more interesting person. Having separate lives brings fresh air into a relationship.
Arthur Koestler|You might think that the Left could have a regime-change perspective of its own, based on solidarity with its comrades abroad. After all, Saddam's ruling Ba'ath Party consolidated its power by first destroying the Iraqi communist and labor movements, and then turning on the Kurds (whose cause, historically, has been one of the main priorities of the Left in the Middle East). When I first became a socialist, the imperative of international solidarity was the essential if not the defining thing, whether the cause was popular or risky or not. I haven't seen an anti-war meeting all this year at which you could even guess at the existence of the Iraqi and Kurdish opposition to Saddam, an opposition that was fighting for 'regime change' when both Republicans and Democrats were fawning over Baghdad as a profitable client and geopolitical ally. Not only does the 'peace' movement ignore the anti-Saddam civilian opposition, it sends missions to console the Ba'athists in their isolation, and speaks of the invader of Kuwait and Iran and the butcher of Kurdistan as if he were the victim and George W. Bush the aggressor.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Lots of people say that everything that we possess, experience and want; like books, music, films and holidays are all just a big distraction from death. But I think differently. I think it’s the exact order and presence of these trivial things that make life worthwhile and bearable.
John Rampton|If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
P.G. Wodehouse, Doctor Sally|Squiffy, have you ever felt a sort of strange emptiness in the heart? A sort of aching void of the soul?''Oh, rather!''What do you do about it?''I generally take a couple of cocktails.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|Crying is all right in its way while it lasts. But you have to stop sooner or later, and then you still have to decide what to do.
Sven Birkerts, The Gutenberg Elegies: The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age|I often find that a novel, even a well-written and compelling novel, can become a blur to me soon after I've finished reading it. I recollect perfectly the feeling of reading it, the mood I occupied, but I am less sure about the narrative details. It is almost as if the book were, as Wittgenstein said of his propositions, a ladder to be climbed and then discarded after it has served its purpose.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|You’ll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter. You don’t want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I can help you there.”He held out his hand to shake Harry’s, but Harry didn’t take it. “I think I can tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks,” he said coolly.
Peter Maass, Love Thy Neighbor: A Story of War|Bosnia's war had its visual hallmarks. Parks that were turned into cemeteries, refugee families piled onto horse-drawn carts, stop-or-die checkpoints with mines across the road. The most hideous hallmark of all was the blackened patch of ground in the center of town. It always meant the same thing, a destroyed mosque. The goal of ethnic cleansing was not simply to get rid of Muslims; it was to destroy all traces that they had ever lived in Bosnia. The goal was to kill history. If you want to do that, then you must rip out history's heart, which in the case of Bosnia's Muslim community meant the destruction of its mosques. Once that was done, you could reinvent the past in whatever distorted form you wanted, like Frankenstein.p. 85
Vladimir Nabokov|No free man needs a God; but was I free?How fully I felt nature glued to meAnd how my childish palate loved the tasteHalf-fish, half-honey, of that golden paste!My picture book was at an early ageThe painted parchment papering our cage:Mauve rings around the moon; blood-orange sun;Twinned Iris; and that rare phenomenonThe iridule - when, beautiful and strange,In a bright sky above a mountain rangeOne opal cloudlet in an oval formReflects the rainbow of a thunderstormWhich in a distant valley has been staged -For we are most artistically caged.
Timothy J. Keller, The Freedom of Self-Forgetfulness|Who knows himself a braggart, let him fear this, for it will come to pass that every braggart shall be found an ass.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|I began a poem in lines of one syllable. It's rather difficult, but the merit of all things lies in their difficulty. The subject matter is gallant. I'll read you the first canto; it's four hundred verses long and takes one minute.
Gail Collins|Well, guys are better at mechanical stuff and women are better at emotional stuff.
Muso Kokushi|Every autobiography is concerned with two characters, a Don Quixote, the Ego, and a Sancho Panza, the Self.
Teresa of Ávila|Reflect carefully on this, for it is so important that I can hardly lay too much stress on it. Fix your eyes on the Crucified and nothing else will be of much importance to you.
Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court|You can't reason with your heart; it has its own laws, and thumps about things which the intellect scorns.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|I would like to think she turns around and goes home and does one thing differently that day because of what she has imagined, and again the day after that, and the day after that.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|True dexterity is not just in books; It is giving from above, we learn it, it is nurtured, it is applied and it is developed. He who does not know what has been giving to him from above, shall never know how to use what he has been giving effectively and efficiently
Rachel Thompson|You used words, discarding them meaninglessly, without thinking, whereas I thought they held meaning. I found what you will never see: that my love resides on the other side of words. - Broken Places
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|I’m sorry for blaming you for everything I just couldn’t do, and I’ve hurt myself by hurting you.
Debasish Mridha|I am here just to honor your beauty, love, and life. We are the reflection of each other. We are one.
J.M. Northup, Saving Sam|Tsk, Tsk, Sunshine. I believe I have a wanton wench on my hands. Unfortunately for you, I'm in control here, not you.
Ellen Ochoa|Man must at all costs overcome the Earth's gravity and have, in reserve, the space at least of the Solar System.
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|When Perry and I walked into the hospital waiting room and I saw her sitting there, I began to cry, because that's what friendship looks like: knowing your friend better than she knows herself and being there to hold her hand while her heart breaks.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|The Rom believe you should take the road that calls to you, and never turn back. Because you never know what adventures await." ... "So we're going to take this road," he murmured, "and see where it leads.
Jestoni Revealed|For though, I walk through the valley of shadows of Death, I will never fear. For You are in Me and I know You will never let me Go. 
Noel DeJesus, 44 Days of Leadership|By doing ordinary actions efficiently you will become the best among ordinary, but you will not be an extraordinary.
rainbowbrook, Kissing Is the Easy Part|Love doesn't leave you. Not all at once. It creeps back in, making you think it can be another way, that it can still be another way, and you have to remind yourself of the reasons that it probably won't be.
Sunday Adelaja|No matter the amount of money a person may have , a dishonest way of life will cost him everything he has
Guy Gavriel Kay, Tigana|You have no idea how dearly I wish you were of my blood. My daughter, granddaughter. Will you allow me to take pride in what you are?"-- Sandre to Catriana
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|I once traveled with a guide who was taking me to Faya. He didn't speak for nine hours. At the end of it he pointed to the horizon and said, 'Faya!' That was a good day.
Dorothy West, The Wedding|Only the person, who can overcome himself, can become really wealthy.
Sarah Mayberry, Her Secret Fling|Don’t freak out, I’m getting into the bed,” he said.
Adam Baker, Outpost|Games are for childhood, and sometimes I think I lost my childhood young.
Michael J. Sullivan, Heir of Novron|Born with a silver spoon in his mouth, he was going out with a rifle in his hand.
Ray Bradbury|If the new American father feels bewildered and even defeated, let him take comfort from the fact that whatever he does in any fathering situation has a fifty percent chance of being right.
Rachel Naomi Remen|Perhaps the most important thing we bring to another person is the silence in us, not the sort of silence that is filled with unspoken criticism or hard withdrawal. The sort of silence that is a place of refuge, of rest, of acceptance of someone as they are. We are all hungry for this other silence. It is hard to find. In its presence we can remember something beyond the moment, a strength on which to build a life. Silence is a place of great power and healing.
Dada Bhagwan|If one has egoism without my-ness, he will go to moksha; all this entrapment is there because of egoism with my-ness!
Ruth Rendell, Simisola|Implicit in the stare of those eyes, the power of those knobbly hands, was labor's historic threat of violence against capital.
J.A. Belfield, Caged|I've always enjoyed a challenge," Niko remarked, shifting through the powder to lift something out. "I think perhaps there are other things I could enjoy instead. Bonsai trees, painting, forging my own weapons. The opportunities are endless." He opened his hand to show me the small braid of several yellowed hairs. "Voodoo." "Think it would work?" I perked up. Killing from a distance wasn't usually my thing, but in this case, I'd make an exception.
Jaimie Roberts, Redemption|Personally, I could care less about how people chose their graves. What I do care about is that I don’t want to be dragged along into one, especially by someone who has already lived their life to the fullest.
Nicole Eglinger, The Human Side of Me|Look Drav, I know he looks like daddy, and sounds like daddy, and has daddy’s name, but you and I both saw daddy leave this world. So how could that man possibly be him?” I asked hoping that my son would be able to shed some light on what was going on.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Students are taught how to do things, but many are not forced to reflect on why they should do them or what we are here for.
Margaret Drabble, The Dark Flood Rises|Death could be waiting for him, but he wasn’t afraid. Whether it be sooner or later, he welcomed the inevitability with open arms.
Charlene Costanzo, The Twelve Gifts for Healing|May you hear the voice of wisdom.Listening, may you act with trust.
Brandon Sanderson|By making sad ones happy, we find our happiness!
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|Enjoyed the ride?' Janis asked, sarcasm in her voice. 'I never thought you'd actually be scared of flying.''Well, it's not everyday I ride unicorns to parallel worlds,' I muttered.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Rapture|My Dearest Julianne,Thank you for your immeasurable gift.The only thing I have of value is my heart.It’s yours,Gabriel.
Parul Wadhwa|He is quick witted, yes! Astute big time & level headed in opinion. It is my firsthand judgment of a man.
Lewis Carroll|Probably any successful career has "X" number of breaks in it  and maybe the difference between successful people and those who aren't superachievers is taking advantage of those breaks.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, Yes Prime Minister: A Play|Humphrey Well, Prime Minister … one hesitates to say this but there are times when circumstances conspire to create an inauspicious concatenation of events that necessitate a metamorphosis, as it were, of the situation such that what happened in the first instance to be of primary import fraught with hazard and menace can be relegated to a secondary or indeed tertiary position while a new and hitherto unforeseen or unappreciated element can and indeed should be introduced to support and supersede those prior concerns not by confronting them but by subordinating them to the over-arching imperatives and increased urgency of the previously unrealised predicament which may in fact now, ceteris paribus, only be susceptible to radical and remedial action such that you might feel forced to consider the currently intractable position in which you find yourself.  	Jim is nonplussed.  	Jim What does he mean, Bernard?  	Bernard I, um – I, er, think that he’s perhaps suggesting the possibility that you, um, consider your position. Resign, in fact, Prime Minister.
Jake Yaniak, The Punishment of the Gods|I am not worried about pleasing clever minds or fashionable people. In every period there will be men fated to be governed by the opinions of their century, their country, and their society. For that very reason, a freethinker or philosopher today would have been nothing but a fanatic at the time of the League.* One must not write for such readers, if one wishes to live beyond one’s own age.
Nargis Fakhri|A very sad moment for me was when my parents separated - a lot of crying, 'It's tragic, we're now a broken family, blah blah blah blah blah' - although my psychological problems stopped. I actually felt healthier.
Val Uchendu|Faced with delicate issue, consider kindness and deference. It's neither familiarity, indifference nor ire, but a perceived warmth to another soul
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|I never thought of it like that. I always thought of you as a part of me, like my own eyes or my own hands. You don't go around thinking 'I love my eyes, I love my hands', do you? But think what it would be like to live without your eyes or your hands. To be mad, or to be blind. I can't talk about it. It's how I feel.
Robert Frost|The brain is full of lonely ideas, begging you to make some sense of them, to recognize them as interesting. The lazy brain just files them away in old pigeonholes, like a bureaucrat who wants an easy life. The lively brain picks and chooses and creates new works of art out of ideas.
Olivia Colman|Take your message of equality of achievement, take your message of economic dependency, take your message of enslaving the entrepreneurial will and spirit of the American people somewhere else.
Gilbert J.R Webb|success is key, Knowledge is power,when we put them both we make an honor
Craig  Stone, The Squirrel that Dreamt of Madness|Some days I am the flower beneath the machine. And the machine rolls slowly on, blocking the sun, without a care for what it tramples beneath.
Ken Follett, Winter of the World|I wish politicians the world over would stop claiming credit for economic growth that happens despite them, not because of them. Grow up...
Lailah Gifty Akita|As long as you can breathe, you can begin to dream.
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|Your past's a private matter, sweetheart. You just keep it locked up in xbox where it can't hurt anyone.
Marilyn Vancil, Self to Lose - Self to Find: A Biblical Approach to the 9 Enneagram Types|This invitation [to deny oneself] is less about depriving the self, and more about disowning, or renouncing a relationship with the part of ourself that is not what God created us to be.
James Dale Davidson, The Sovereign Individual: Mastering the Transition to the Information Age|The West is evidently no longer a safe place to express our opinions, unless we are prepared to meet a bloody end by doing so. The choice is ours, but we can be guaranteed that our government and law enforcement agencies will continue to support pedophilia, political correctness and multicultural genocide under the guise of religion.
Matthew Donnelly|Don't get caught in "Waiting". When I 'Get This' then I will be able to fully 'Live'. Escape the time dominant mind by fully being here 'NOW'.
Erik Pevernagie|Dwelling among shipwrecked dreams and losing oneself in wishful thinking cannot be a solution to tribulations. Identifying cracks and apprehending the defaults in one's life is essential to find a way to get out of a ghetto and to start a search for a new haven. ("The world was somewhere else" )
Pema Chödrön, Start Where You Are: A Guide to Compassionate Living|One evening Milarepa returned to his cave after gathering firewood, only to find it filled with demons. They were cooking his food, reading his books, sleeping in his bed. They had taken over the joint. He knew about nonduality of self and other, but he still didn’t quite know how to get these guys out of his cave. Even though he had the sense that they were just a projection of his own mind—all the unwanted parts of himself—he didn’t know how to get rid of them. So first he taught them the dharma. He sat on this seat that was higher than they were and said things to them about how we are all one. He talked about compassion and shunyata and how poison is medicine. Nothing happened. The demons were still there. Then he lost his patience and got angry and ran at them. They just laughed at him. Finally, he gave up and just sat down on the floor, saying, “I’m not going away and it looks like you’re not either, so let’s just live here together.” At that point, all of them left except one. Milarepa said, “Oh, this one is particularly vicious.” (We all know that one. Sometimes we have lots of them like that. Sometimes we feel that’s all we’ve got.) He didn’t know what to do, so he surrendered himself even further. He walked over and put himself right into the mouth of the demon and said, “Just eat me up if you want to.” Then that demon left too.
Daniel J. Siegel, The Developing Mind: How Relationships and the Brain Interact to Shape Who We Are|Our dreams and stories may contain implicit aspects of our lives even without our awareness. In fact, storytelling may be a primary way in which we can linguistically communicate to others—as well as to ourselves—the sometimes hidden contents of our implicitly remembering minds. Stories make available perspectives on the emotional themes of our implicit memory that may otherwise be consciously unavailable to us. This may be one reason why journal writing and intimate communication with others, which are so often narrative processes, have such powerful organizing effects on the mind: They allow us to modulate our emotions and make sense of the world.
A.M.M|Life goes on, and deadlines arrive,even when it seems the world should stopout of respect for a shattered self-esteem.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|She growled.	He gave her a considering look. "That's almost sexy.
T.A.Z|Fight for your life, it's the only one you've go
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|It is not loving to impose our own grid onto others. We need to understand their situation and their needs accurately, and this comes from listening to them, not coming in with our own assumptions.
Mickey Drexler|Apple has beautiful design, beautiful product, incredibly functional. But mostly, it's about picking product, getting behind it, marketing it, and introducing it to a customer. What they've done just inspires me.
Niles Eldredge|As long as museums and universities send out expeditions to bring to light new forms of living and extinct animals and new data illustrating the interrelations of organisms and their environments, as long as anatomists desire a broad comparative basis human for anatomy, as long as even a few students feel a strong curiosity to learn about the course of evolution and relationships of animals, the old problems of taxonomy, phylogeny and evolution will gradually reassert themselves even in competition with brilliant and highly fruitful laboratory studies in cytology, genetics and physiological chemistry.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|Rose was drowning in pleasure like she’d never known, just from a kiss. Jack wasn’t touching her any place but on the lips and yet she could feel it on every inch of her body. Long, sure strokes of his tongue made her ache for him to explore the rest of her with equal thoroughness. She needed to touch him, why wasn’t she touching him?
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|When she first moved to Brighton, the flat on the Lawns had felt luxurious and it had seemed as if she was settling down, sleeping in the same bed every night, the darkness uninterrupted by any hint of emergency. It had felt as if all her difficulties were over.
Miranda Liasson, This Love of Mine|Do you picture long nights making love by the fire and talking about everything and anything under the sun, and do you have the feeling that of anyone in the world, he just gets you? Like no other person in the world ever can?
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|I can't imagine that the God of the universe is limited to our ideas of God. I can't imagine that God doesn't reveal God's self in countless ways outside of the symbol system of Christianity. In a way, I need a God who is bigger and more nimble and mysterious than what I could understand and contrive. Otherwise it can feel like I am worshipping nothing more than my own ability to understand the divine.
Elisabeth Elliot, Discipline: The Glad Surrender|Idols aren't just stone statues. No, idols are the thoughts, desires, longings, and expectations that we worship in the place of the true God. Idols cause us to ignore the true God in search of what we think we need.
Tony Dovale|Perfection is, however, not to be sought in the future, as we are fully capable of experiencing it here and now, if we abandon ourselves into the present moment and allow the pleasure of Existence take us with it.
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|The only weapon of power, its only strategy against this defection, is to reinject the real and the referential everywhere, to persuade us of the reality of the social, of the gravity of the economy and the finalities of production.
Ann Landers|Abortion isn't a lesser evil, it's a crime. Taking one life to save another, that's what the Mafia does. It's a crime. It's an absolute evil.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever mom is, there is my heart and my home.
Wilkie Collins, The Woman in White|Any woman who is sure of her own wits, is a match, at any time, for a man who is not sure of his own temper.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|In this way, you’ll live forever.
Edith Stein|God, life changes faster than you think.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|There are mysteries which men can only guess at, which age by age they may solve only in part.
Clive Owen|Parenthood and family come first for me, and when I'm not working I'm cool with the Teletubbies.
Dionysius Cato|Sine doctrina vita est quasi mortis imago" [Without learning, life is but the image of death]
Kwame Addai|Sometimes it's hard for me to understand that people can believe in me, that they can trust that I'll be anything more than the sum of the skeletons in my closet. But I can be. And I am.
Joy E. DeKok|He got up slowly, not bothering to curse himself for forgetting the stop where he had to disembark. He was not used to leaving things behind; he wondered how the bus stop escaped.
J.D. Robb|He'd wanted her. Out of all the women in the world, he'd wanted her. Wanted, hell, she thought grinning now. Pursued, demanded. Taken. And while she could admit all of that was exciting, he'd gone one step further.He cherished.She'd never believed anyone would, or could. And had never believed there was enough inside her to give all of those things back." (Lt. Eve Dallas)
Albert Camus, The Stranger|A series of disconcerting questions nibbles at hearts of troubled youths. These same unanswered questions, along with their acerbic toxins, reveal their pungent fumes more frequently and with greater intensity as a person rushes headfirst into life’s concrete jungle.
Daphne du Maurier, The Glass-Blowers|how lacking in intuition men could be in persuading themselves that mending some stranger's socks, and attending to his comfort, could content a woman...
Carol Shields, The Stone Diaries|A credit card allows you transcend time. For it allows you to put off until tomorrow what you bought today, while you are still paying off what you bought yesterday.
Robert Burns|Well, I've kept you waiting long enough," he said, peering at me from that distance which drinking adds between people and which, at odd turns in the evening, seems closeness itself.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|The most important thing for everyone in Gringolandia is to have ambition and become 'somebody,' and frankly, I don't have the least ambition to become anybody.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|If there is but one God, then why must blood be shed to prove whose God he is? Does the Father not belong to all of us as we belong to him? Do you think he'll call me a righteous man when I've killed one of his sons?
Roland Barthes, The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Collège de France, 1977-1978|Speak properly, and in as few words as you can, but always plainly; for the end of speech is not ostentation, but to be understood.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|You have no idea how well you are doing,” John complimented mejust a few minutes after he mentioned the Christmas card. What did that mean: That I was doing well? That I’d come to a family gathering? That I’d remembered to bring food? That I was dressed, and my hair combed? That I was wearing shoes? I wasn’t sure, but maybe just making an appearance at a family event meant I was handling things well.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|There are roads which must not be followed, armies which must not be attacked, towns which must not be besieged, positions which must not be contested, commands of the sovereign which must not be obeyed.
King Krule|I'm not a screamer. I'm confrontational, but I don't think that translates into anger.
Edmund Burke|Let hope inspire you, but let not idealism blind you. Don't look back, you can never look back.
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Divorced?''Separated.'He tested his thumb against the pricks of the rose. 'Women. They say you got all the freedom. Then you give them their freedom, and they don't want it.' ("Novelty")
Spencer Hoshino, Meteor Garden|Be selfish sometimes. Love yourself. If you always put others before you, you will find yourself feeling beaten down by the world and that will make you bitter. Don’t let the world make you bitter, not when you have such a beautiful soul.
Thomas Szasz|It is somehow reassuring to discover that the word "travel" is derived from "travail " denoting the pains of childbirth.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Seeking higher ground is not a destination, but an elevation. Wings up, eyes shut open.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|Tried to escape, to block out the fact that I was being eaten alive by arachnids. For some reason the only thing I could replace it with was the image of being eaten by tiny clowns.
Henry Johnson Jr|Creativity can impact some sort of "CHANGE" in the WORLD. But we must first embrace pure "DIFFERENCES" and work together for a common cause.
Bernie Sanders|For me, education has never been simply a policy issue - it's personal. Neither of my parents and hardly anyone in the neighborhood where I grew up went to college. But thanks to a lot of hard work and plenty of financial aid, I had the opportunity to attend some of the finest universities in this country.
Karen Laffey, 7 Ways to Feel Better Right Now|All it takes, is a little spark...
Douglas Groothuis|The Christian worldview, contra-postmodernism, understands language not as a Self-referential, merely human and ultimately arbitrary system of signs that is reducible to contingent cultural factors, but it has the gift of a rational God entrusted to beings made in his own image and likeness.
Berta Ruck|Women would rather talk to other women than to men, even when they would rather talk to a man than to a woman.
Elias Tan JS|The Fear of being lonely and alone after a breakup"If you deal with that fear by finding love in another relationship before finding the love of God, you will find yourself holding to a lesser love that does not cast out fear.You will still live in fear, because that relationship becomes your security, and you will fear losing that relationship. Perfect love casts out all fear - 1 John 4:18There is only one source of perfect love.
Kristin Miller, Beauty and the Werewolf|Jack may’ve been deceitful by blood and a liar by nature, but hot damn holy honeysuckle, he knew how to kiss.
Nicholas Dodman|Sekhmet crawled onto Ramses's lap and began to purr. 'The creature oozes like a furry slug,' said Ramses, eyeing it without favor.
Voltaire|God made and governs the world invisibly, and has commanded us to love and worship him and no other God; to honor our parents and masters, and love our neighbours as ourselves; and to be temperate, just, and peaceable, and to be merciful even to brute beasts.
Stylo Fantome, The Bad Ones|Falling isn’t so bad, you know. It’s only the landing that hurts.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|What makes a civilization real to its inhabitants, in the end, is not just the splendid edifices at it centre, nor even the smooth functioning of the institutions they house. At its core, a civilization is the texts that are taught in its schools, learned by its students and recollected in times of tribulation.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|↑ top up position down↓ bottom“The corruption of religious leaders, who were expected to be the source of spiritual force and regeneration, is the last step in the decay of a community.
David Bowie|This is going to sound horrible, but I don't even know how much I make in a year. It must be, you know, a couple of million dollars, a few million. I know it's more money than my dad, a jail guard, made in his lifetime; more money than I'll ever need.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|To keep Velaris safe, to keep Mor and Amren and Cassian and Azriel and… Rhys safe.I said to Lucien, low and quiet and as vicious as the talons that formed at the tips of my fingers, as vicious as the wondrous weight between my shoulder blades, “When you spend so long trapped in darkness, Lucien, you find that the darkness begins to stare back.”A pulse of surprise, of wicked delight against my mental shields, at the dark, membranous wings I knew were now poking over my shoulders. Every icy kiss of rain sent jolts of cold through me. Sensitive—so sensitive, these Illryian wings.Lucien backed up a step. “What did you do to yourself?”I gave him a little smile. “The human girl you knew died Under the Mountain. I have no interest in spending immortality as a High Lord’s pet.”Lucien started shaking his head. “Feyre—”“Tell Tamlin,” I said, choking on his name, on the thought of what he’d done to Rhys, to his family, “if he sends anyone else into these lands, I will hunt each and every one of you down. And I will demonstrate exactly what the darkness taught me.”There was something like genuine pain on his face.I didn’t care. I just watched him, unyielding and cold and dark. The creature I might one day have become if I had stayed at the Spring Court, if I had remained broken for decades, centuries… until I learned to quietly direct those shards of pain outward, learned to savor the pain of others.
Frederik Pohl|People ask me how I do research for my science fiction. The answer is, I never do any research.
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis 2: The Story of a Return|Your heart is the size of your fist; keep loving, keep fighting.
Donna Leon, By Its Cover|Guilo, although a lawyer, never lied; at least not to his friends.
Lao Tzu|Jamaica's a country of great dichotomy. On the one hand you have a tourist industry with great beaches and resorts, but on the other you have such great poverty and the violence that goes along with that.
Noam Chomsky|Peace is preferable to war. But it’s not an absolute value, and so we always ask, “What kind of peace?
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|i love you,even you hate me
Daniel Radcliffe|When you say 'failure,' that seems really dramatic, but a lot of failure is just really depressing and mundane. I remember the first time I ever played a concert in Italy. I played a venue that held 900 people, and I think five people showed up. It wasn't a big, 'John Carter of Mars' type failure. It wasn't dramatic; it was just depressing.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Peaceful with six children Darya Alexandrova could not be...Rare indeed were the brief periods of peace...hard though it was for the mother to bear the dread of illness, the illnesses themselves, and the grief of seeing signs of evil propensities in her children--the children themselves were even now repaying her in small joys for her sufferings. Those joys were so small that they passed unnoticed, like gold in sand, and at bad moments she could see nothing but the pain, nothing but sand; but there were good moments too when she saw nothing but the joy, nothing but gold.Now in the solitude of the country, she began to be more and more frequently aware of those joys. Often, looking at them, she would make every possible effort to persuade herself that she was mistaken, that she as a mother was partial to her children. All the same, she could not help saying to herself that she had charming children, all six of them in different ways, but a set of children such as is not often to be met with, and she was happy in them, and proud of them.
Oliver Goldsmith|I hope my organization will not be around in 10 years, because at a national, state, and community level, we will have evolved into a society that cares about children and the need for play.
Ovid|Zombies let us explore notions of the apocalypse - no water, food, medical care, the government imploding - while letting us sleep at night.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|The clock struck eleven and cat the vampire huntress was on the loose, except my battle armor was a push-up bra, curled hair, and a short dress. Yeah, it was a dirty job, but I was going to do it. Come one, come all, bloodsuckers! Bar’s open!
Bailey Bristol, The Devil's Dime|There was no mistake," he said. "You freely gave me a kiss because I kept silent about supposed engagement."Well, you could have been more gentlemanly about it," she said with a sniff."If I'd been gentlemanly, you wouldn't have enjoyed it half as much.
Anupama Chopra|It seems symbolic of this all-pervading unpredictability that those engaged in the perfection of the means of destruction have finally brought about a level of technical development where their aim, namely warfare, is on the point of disappearing altogether.
Naomi Wood, Mrs. Hemingway|A book is not just a collection of words, it is a perception portrayed on blank sheets. You know, getting you the feelings of blowing winds and rains and sun and flowers around, the smiles, the tears, the notional links with the characters and make them all alive, while you read. And that's sure as hell a gruelling task !
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals|If keeping your word costs you the one thing you love the most, then what was it even worth keeping in the first place?
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|The reindeer are immortal. They are, in fact, the eight demiurges of reindeer-kind, and this accounts for their flying. Their names might sound whimsical, but they are the closest the human tongue can come to approximating the true names of the caribou lords. Rudolph, far from being the adorable, earnest fellow of the tale, is in fact Ruyd-al-Olafforid, the All-Destroying Flame of the Yukon. His mother was Kali and his father was an ice floe. His nose appears red because his body is full of coals, and his eyes flare with a terrible conflagration of the soul. The tips of his antlers are like candles in the snowy wind. He is not vengeful, but he is the light in the dark of winter, consuming and giving life at the same time. Your carrots only make the lord of flame stronger.
Jeremy Iversen, High School Confidential: Secrets of an Undercover Student|Prior to her reading of the poem, light tears washed over him. He seemed to be leaking out moments that were, as far as he could tell, stored in physical parts of his body – in his shoulders, his back, his stomach. His body remembered things that his brain ignored.
Todd Rundgren|People ask what my influences are, and for me, it's not always obvious. One of my biggest inspirations was Chrissie Hynde from the Pretenders. That's based on how she just does whatever she wants to do, and I love her attitude about everything. It bleeds over into my way of thinking and comedy.
Charles Bukowski|That's what was wrong with drinking too much. You became immune to drunken delights. There was no solace in liquor. Before you got happy, you collapsed.
S.L. Wallace|Pick something else".For an instant's flash Kylis remembered being taunted like this before, when she was very small. Anything but that. Anything but what you really want.
Elias Zapple, Duke & Michel: The Mysterious Corridor|Basset Hounds never get scared. We’re fearless, resolute and know how to season a good lamb chop.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|I’ll tell you a piece of news--I hope you have not heard it before: for good, bad, or indifferent, one always likes to be the first to tell.
John F Kennedy, from Luke 12.48|While we thank God for them and their efforts, we must also know that our generation of believers has the responsibility to take the gospel a bit further. To conquer some more territories and to expand the influence of the kingdom to a higher horizon
Aldous Huxley|These,” he said gravely, “are unpleasant facts; I know it. But then most historical facts are unpleasant.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Some memories find a permanent place in the heart, and we remember those times as being sunlit and beautiful
Marc Bloch|He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.
Caitlin Moran, Moranifesto|Your key hobbies need to be long country walks (get some fresh air in those lungs!), masturbation, and the revolution. Between those three, you should, in the long term, stay relatively sane.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Rumor travels faster, but it don't stay put as long as truth. 
Chris Trimble, The Other Side of Innovation: Solving the Execution Challenge|There is, of course, a deep irony in the fact that technology, which was supposed to cut the ties between people and places and allow people everywhere to work from almost anywhere, turns out to flourish in fairly compact geographic locations.
S. Jane Sloat, In the Voice of a Minor Saint|My heart is small, like a love of buttons or black pepper.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Today is my last day as a human, tomorrow I am going to be a hero.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|It is good to say something beautiful; it is even better to say something right; but saying a right thing beautifully, that is the best!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Kiss a frog with your eyes wide open. If he turns into a prince you won't miss the transformation, but if he doesn't, you won't be fooled by some wishful illusion in your head.
Chris Lowell|I had a romantic, 'Aren't I a good girl?' take on divorce, but the truth is that was stupid.
Mishi McCoy|I encourage you to remember that you are, indeed, as the stars. You glow with the same intensity. The answers that you seek outside of yourself may very well be found within the cosmic intelligence inside you. Go ahead; show the world what you are made of! Sparkle, shine, light the way, and brightly blaze as you are meant to do.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each of us wages a private battle to thrive. Whenever a person fully immerses oneself in life’s aromatic flower garden of pleasures and encounters life’s warship of armor-plated rigors, they blend and bend to make reasonable accommodations for surviving. Scripted and unscripted encounters with superior militant forces bruise us mightily and eventually cut us to the core. Every person’s life contains a minefield of obstacles that function as potential barriers to achieving our ultimate manifestation. The expended labor of continuously hefting oneself over one contentious hurdle after another is what leads a conscientious person onto the path of needing to write in order to create emotional poultices to ameliorate painful wounds.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|Virtue is imaginative, evil repetitive.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|I’m good at doing things I’m not supposed to,” she said, then kicked the door open.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|One sticking point was that Jobs wanted his payout to be in cash. Amelio insisted that he needed to "have skin in the game" and take the payout in stock that he would agree to hold for at least a year.” Jobs resisted. Finally, they compromised: Jobs would take $120 million in cash and $37 million in stock, and he pledged to hold the stock for at least six months.
Erik Pevernagie|When love has left us in the lurch and nothing ever strikes a chord anymore, we may come to realize a vacuum of the lost vibrations of happiness and an absence of the ethereal and exalting feel of harmony that we only become aware of, after time passes by and everything has expired. (“Amour en friche”)
Sophie Kinsella, Can You Keep a Secret?|A mist rises from a nearby mound. It could be me, that mist, or simply the caretaker’s mower-dust. If the breeze blows just right, I’ll ghost your solid, entwine your hair. Promise me you won’t shampoo, but carry me along, tiny dust-particles of me.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|Words can be worrisome, poeple complex, motives and manners unclear, grant her the wisdom to choose her path right, free from unkindness and fear.
Wendy Higgins, Sweet Peril|A brother,” she said, her voice soft.The baby started to cry, a weak, garbled sound that worried the nurse. Lada’s scowl deepened. She slapped a dimpled hand over his mouth. The nurse pulled him away quickly, and Lada looked up, face contorted in rage.“Mine!” she shouted.It was her first word.The nurse laughed, shocked, and lowered the baby once more. Lada glared at him until he stopped crying. Then, apparently satisfied, she toddled out of the room.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|I am never proud to participate in violence, yet I know that each of us must care enough for ourselves that we can be ready and able to come to our own defense when and wherever needed.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Bourbon, Kentucky bourbon especially, is like Dante’s Inferno in a glass, fire walks down your throat, lungs, and heart and everything in between with an unpleasant after-taste. We got along just fine.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|If we harm someone else, we’re inevitably also hurting ourselves. Some quality of sensitivity and awareness has to shut down for us to be able to objectify someone else, to deny them as a living, feeling being—someone who wants to be happy, just as we do.
Candice Millard, Destiny of the Republic: A Tale of Madness, Medicine and the Murder of a President|If Chase's wings are broken, then mine are shattered.
Coretta Scott King|Loneliness is, I think, people's biggest fear, whether they are conscious of it or not.
P. J. O'Rourke|Contrary to popular belief, I don't spend a whole lot of time following soccer. But as I have traveled around the world to better understand global development and health, I've learned that soccer is truly universal. No matter where I go, that's what kids are playing. That's what people are talking about.
Francesca Lia Block|I took Spanish in high school and I didn't do too well in it. My Spanish teacher told me not to go on with Spanish anymore, so I was discouraged a little bit.
E.E. Cummings|since feeling is firstwho pays any attentionto the syntax of thingswill never wholly kiss you;wholly to be a foolwhile Spring is in the worldmy blood approves,and kisses are a far better fatethan wisdomlady i swear by all flowers. Don't cry--the best gesture of my brain is less thanyour eyelids' flutter which sayswe are for eachother: thenlaugh, leaning back in my armsfor life's not a paragraphAnd death i think is no parenthesis
Tom Weston-Jones|I became a vegetarian out of compassion for animals and to live as healthy as possible. I realized soon after that I was truly concerned with nonviolent consumption and my own health, a vegan diet was the best decision.
Ashley Earley, The Darkest Light|Do they expect us to have sex right here on the kitchen table?"Gunner, who was chewing a piece of toast, paused, considered the idea, and then shook his head. "Too messy. We'd get sugar everywhere. Plus, Cressy might walk in, and then I'd have to get her a second horse.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
Charles  Hart, The Phantom of the Opera: Piano/Vocal|Slowly, gently night unfurls its splendor. Grasp it, sense it, tremulous and tender. Turn your face away from the garish light of day, turn your thoughts away from cold, unfeeling light, and listen to the music of the night... Close your eyes and surrender to your darkest dreams, purge your thoughts of the life you knew before. Close your eyes, let your spirit start to soar, and live, as you never lived before!
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind is its thoughts, the heart is its desires, and the soul is its experiences.
Susan  Cartwright, Wolf Dawn|They have never put it into words, they cannot; but each absence is a threat. They never felt this way in New York - they moved all over New York. Here each is afraid that one of the others will get into some terrible trouble before he is seen again, and before anyone can help him. It is the spirit of the people, the eyes which endlessly watch them, eyes which never meet their eyes. Something like lust, something like hatred, seems to hover in the air along the country roads, shifting like mist or steam, but always there, gripping the city streets like fog, making every corner a dangerous corner. They spend more of themselves, each day, than they can possibly afford, they are living beyond their means; they drop into bed each evening, exhausted, into an exhausting sleep. And no one can help them. The people who live here know how to do it - so it seems, anyway - but they cannot teach the secret. The secret can be learned only by watching, by emulating the models, by dangerous trial and possibly mortal error.
Angelica Hopes|Open your umbrella of creativity when glaring heat of adversity hits you unaware." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Feel within, the pure and unconditional Love and embrace all.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|Like casinos, large corporate entities have studied the numbers and the ways in which people respond to them. These are not con tricks - they're not even necessarily against our direct interests, although sometimes they can be - but they are hacks for the human mind, ways of manipulating us into particular decisions we otherwise might not make. They are also, in a way, deliberate underminings of the core principle of the free market, which derives its legitimacy from the idea that informed self-interest on aggregate sets appropriate prices for items. The key word is 'informed'; the point of behavioural economics - or rather, of its somewhat buccaneering corporate applications - is to skew our perception of the purchase to the advantage of the company. The overall consequence of that is to tilt the construction of our society away from what it should be if we were making the rational decisions classical economics imagines we would, and towards something else.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I guess," says Deagle, finally, "I'll just have a pack of Marlboro Lights. That's what I used to smoke when I was human.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|Occasionally they would hear a harsh croak or a splash as some amphibian was disturbed, but the only creature they saw was a toad as big as Will's foot, which could only flop in a pain-filled sideways heave as if it were horribly injured. It lay across the path, trying to move out of the way and looking at them as if it knew they meant to hurt it.'It would be merciful to kill it,' said Tialys.'How do you know?' said Lyra. 'It might still like being alive, in spite of everything.''If we killed it, we'd be taking it with us,' said Will. 'It wants to stay here. I've killed enough living things. Even a filthy stagnant pool might be better than being dead.''But if it's in pain?' said Tialys.'If it could tell us, we'd know. But since it can't, I'm not going to kill it. That would be considering our feelings rather than the toad's.'They moved on.
Stefan Emunds|Follow both: the call of the mountain of enlightenment and the temptation of the valley of experience. No mountain without valley, no valley without mountain.
Abraham Lincoln|Because power corrupts, society's demands for moral authority and character increase as the importance of the position increases.
Jeremy Irons|What I think is funny is when people, despite tragic situations, are still hopeful, still trying. It's sweet and sad - and, to me, hilarious.
T. Jay Taylor|There is no " i " in team. But there are two in motivation. 
Franka Potente|Now I say that if you run more than 15 miles a week, it's for something other than aerobic fitness. Once you pass 15 miles, you do not see much further improvement.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|My request today is simple. Today. Tomorrow. Next week. Find somebody, anybody, that’s different than you. Somebody that has made you feel ill-will or even hateful. Somebody whose life decisions have made you uncomfortable. Somebody who practices a different religion than you do. Somebody who has been lost to addiction. Somebody with a criminal past. Somebody who dresses “below” you. Somebody with disabilities. Somebody who lives an alternative lifestyle. Somebody without a home.Somebody that you, until now, would always avoid, always look down on, and always be disgusted by.Reach your arm out and put it around them.And then, tell them they’re all right. Tell them they have a friend. Tell them you love them.If you or I wanna make a change in this world, that’s where we’re gonna be able to do it. That’s where we’ll start.Every. Single. Time.
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Even if all communication from everyone is followed, yet one cannot please everyone.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|Inner peace is more a question of cultivating perspective, meaning, and wisdom even as life touches you with its pain.
Robert Wise|Beware of him that is slow to anger; for when it is long coming, it is the stronger when it comes, and the longer kept. Abused patience turns to fury.
Catullus|I love my ex so much I printed out all his pictures. After all, I need him for target practice. And I just love customised toilet paper and doormats. My only regret is that those items don't bear his autograph.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And we, from the whole of our life experience there, have concluded that there is only one way to withstand violence: with firmness.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|As one tends to the graves of the dead, so I tend the books. I clean them, do minor repairs, keep them in good order. And every day I open a volume or two, read a few lines or pages, allow the voices of the forgotten dead to resonate inside my head. Do they sense it, these dead writers, when their books are read? Does a pinprick of light appear in their darkness? Is their soul stirred by the feather touch of another mind reading theirs? I do hope so, for it must be very lonely being dead.
Susan Wojcicki|If you look at the purported dangers of salt or fat, there is no consensus of support in scientific literature. So I would ask first: 'Is it possible to have an informed government that actually follows the science?' From what I've seen, it's not likely.
Alyssa Milano|Though each trainer believes his or her method is best, I don't think it matters which method the pet owner adopts so long as that owner finds a capable mentor and sticks with the training. Eventually you will learn to see your dog, and when that happens, the richness of your and your dog's lives will tell you what to do next.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|For one wild, glad moment we snapped the chain that binds us to earth, and joining hands with the winds we felt ourselves divine.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|I’d lick you numb, Mariah. You have no idea the things I’m capable of.
Walt Whitman|Songs of myselfI am the poet of the Body and I am the poet of the Soul, The pleasures of heaven are with me and the pains of hell are with me, The first I graft and increase upon myself, the latter I translate into new tongue. I am the poet of the woman the same as the man, And I say it is as great to be a woman as to be a man,..
Sami Abouzid|Anybody can lose,' cautioned Mr J.L.B. Matekoni. 'You need to remember that every time you win.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 9: 1967-1968|Winning isn’t everything, but losing isn’t anything.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|When I finally lie down, I find sleep elusive. The same thoughts that trouble me during the day are only compounded by the stillness of night.
Fredrik Backman, My Grandmother Asked Me to Tell You She's Sorry|All passion is childish. It's banal and naive. It's nothing we learn; it's instinctive, and so it overwhelms us. Overturns us. It bears us away in a flood. All other emotions belong to the earth, but passion inhabits the universe. That is the reason why passion is worth something, not for what it gives us but for what it demands that we risk. Our dignity. The puzzlement of others and their condescending, shaking heads.
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Today, many of us are trying to understand just what male and female energies are, since we are calling old rigid stereotypes into questions. There is a risk of replacing such stereotypes with even more politically correct rigid stereotypes. The destructive aspect of the masculine has been emphasized in recent years, but both the feminine and the masculine have destructive sides. (The evil witch in fairy tales is an example of the destructive feminine.) Love is the ultimate nature of everything; it is not just the feminine that is loving. We tend to think of female energy as nurturing because it is undirected—it includes everything—but perhaps one could say that the feminine loves and nurtures in a being way, and the masculine does so in a doing way. We are each capable of loving in both ways.
Euginia Herlihy|If you are willing to wait, you will get what you want.
Cameron Jace, Happy Valentine's Slay, Children of Hamlin, Tooth & Nail & Fairy Tale, Ember in the Wind, Jar of Hearts, Welcome to Sorrow|The demon of revenge had already taken hold of his heart. The cancer of injustice had already eaten at his cheerful soul, leaving a skeleton of a carcass behind, one that could never feel compassion for humans—or anything else—again.
Susan Ee, End of Days|The injured captain, lying in the bow, was at this time buried in that profound dejection and indifference which comes, temporarily at least, toeven the bravest and most enduring when, willy nilly, the firm fails, the army loses, the ship goes down.
Thomas C. Oden, Corrective Love: The Power of Communion Discipline|Theosophists for instance will preach an obviously attractive idea like re-incarnation; but if we wait for its logical results, they are spiritual superciliousness and the cruelty of caste. For if a man is a beggar by his own pre-natal sins, people will tend to despise the beggar. But Christianity preaches an obviously unattractive idea, such as original sin; but when we wait for its results, they are pathos and brotherhood, and a thunder of laughter and pity; for only with original sin we can at once pity the beggar and distrust the king.
Albert Wynn|The world is full of abundance and opportunity, but far too many people come to the fountain of life with a sieve instead of a tank car... a teaspoon instead of a steam shovel. They expect little and as a result they get little.
Jessica Springsteen|P is positive emotion, E is engagement, R is relationships, M is meaning and A is accomplishment. Those are the five elements of what free people chose to do. Pretty much everything else is in service of one of or more of these goals. That's the human dashboard.
Elmer Seward, Dreams of the Sleepless|Nothing happens ‘to’ you, everything happens ‘for’ you.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Sammy Keyes and the Hollywood Mummy|You want me to be a man,older than you, who goes by the name of Roullard.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness comes from action, not from reaction. It is a feeling, not the success, but the perception.
Sara Dormon, So You Want to Adopt...Now What?: A Practical Guide for Navigating the Adoption Process|I feel like how you matter is defined by the things that matter to you. You matter as much as the things that matter to you do. And I got so backwards, trying to make myself matter to him. All this time, there were real things to care about: real, good people who care about me, and this place. It's so easy to get stuck. You just get caught in being something, being special or cool or whatever, to the point where you don't even know why you need it; you just think you do.
Gary Hamel|Every kid has a toy that they believe is their best friend, that they believe communicates with them, and they imagine it being alive, their toy horse or car or whatever it is. Stop-motion is the only medium where we literally can make a toy come to life, an actual object.
Ali Abdullah Saleh|My book 'Ali Pasha' tells the true story of a young sailor Henry Friston, who, in the hell-fire of battle, forms an unusual friendship.
Hope Solo|Life isn't a matter of milestones, but of moments.
T.M.  Williams, Undead Winter|[W]e conceive the Devil as a necessary part of a respectable view of cosmology. Ours is a divided empire in which certain ideas and emotions and actions are of God, and their opposites are of Lucifer. It is as impossible for most men to conceive of a morality without sin as of an earth without 'sky'. Since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out God's beard and the Devil's horns, but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes. The concept of unity, in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force, in which good and evil are relative, ever-changing, and always joined to the same phenomenon - such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas.
Erik Pevernagie|Eureka" can be an answer to a question we have never asked. It can be the articulation of a sudden and unforeseen idea or the expression of a magic moment that throws us into a new world. It acts like a radiant sunbeam that comes out of the blue and illuminates a dim past, opening a new, dynamic horizon. It may even be a trivial but lucky encounter with new friends, who let us be what we are in our imagination: original and undifferentiated. (“Waiting for Eureka” )
Catherine of Siena|Take my heart and squeeze it out over the face of Your Bride, the Church.
Zoraida Córdova, Labyrinth Lost|We all get scared and want to turn away, but it isn’t always strength that makes you stay. Strength is also making the decision to change your destiny.
Shannon L. Alder|Worry is like a roller coaster ride that you think will take you somewhere, but it never does.
Andromeda Edison|He who could write so easily, who could spend a thousand words down along his plunging fingers on the green-rubber keyboard of his machine, had stumbled like a first-grader over this single paragraph. A dozen times he had begun it and written into it a naked desperation; a dozen times he had begun it and written into it the frosted mathematics of logic. Finally he'd written out quickly the sentences that kept cropping up in all the versions. Those must be, to whatever censor there was in him, the most acceptable ones. He sealed it without rereading it and went out to mail it. An hour later he despised himself for having sent it.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|In the addiction recovery community, we recognise that addicts can starve themselves of receiving social, sexual or emotional nourishment. Sex and love addicts starve themselves of a healthy, personal relationship and, consequently, deliberately avoid wholesome relationships with other human beings. We’re getting quite deep now, but there are many papers and books published on sexual and emotional anorexia. I have also suffered from emotional anorexia. It’s no myth!
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I breathe in. The water will wash my wounds clean. I breathe out. My mother submerged me in water when I was a baby, to give me to God. It has been a long time since I thought about God, but I think about him now. It is only natural. I am glad, suddenly, that I shot Eric in the foot instead of the head.
Balroop Singh, When Success Eludes...A Step by Step Guide To Success|The fear of failure, the fear of competition, the fear of being ridiculed, the fear of running out of expenses and many more such issues encompass us when we start thinking about our dreams.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Do you have any idea why you might be feeling better?”“No, not really,” I said curtly. Better wasn’t even the word for how I felt. There wasn’t a word for it. It was more that things too small to mention—laughter in the hall at school, a live gecko scurrying in a tank in the science lab—made me feel happy one moment and the next like crying. Sometimes, in the evenings, a damp, gritty wind blew in the windows from Park Avenue, just as the rush hour traffic was thinning and the city was emptying for the night; it was rainy, trees leafing out, spring deepening into summer; and the forlorn cry of horns on the street, the dank smell of the wet pavement had an electricity about it, a sense of crowds and static, lonely secretaries and fat guys with bags of carry-out, everywhere the ungainly sadness of creatures pushing and struggling to live. For weeks, I’d been frozen, sealed-off; now, in the shower, I would turn up the water as hard as it would go and howl, silently. Everything was raw and painful and confusing and wrong and yet it was as if I’d been dragged from freezing water through a break in the ice, into sun and blazing cold.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|Here and throughout the Gospels, Jesus does not simply cite Scripture as though it were a self-evident, self-interpreting source of authority. He rereads it, drawing out new, often highly provocative meanings, "fulfilling" it in a way that gives it new form for a new day. What would Jesus do? Reread. The Bible tells me so.
Charles Stanley|After all, God is God because he remembers.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|Child, you do not forgive because the person who wronged deserves it. You misunderstood the point of forgiveness entirely. The only cage that a grudge creates is around the holder of the grudge. Forgiveness is not saying that the person who hurt you was right, or has earned it, or is allowed to hurt you again. All forgiveness means is that you will carry on without the burdens of rage or hatred.
Charley Pride|We have learnt through experience that when an electrical ray strikes the surface of an atom, an electron, and in some circumstances a second and even a third electron, can be detached.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|For the senses wander, and when one lets the mind follow them, it carries wisdom away like a windblown ship on the waters.
Geoff Mulgan|Wouldn't it help Americans more, in the long run, if we were forced to accept some responsibility for the environmental wreckage we prefer to assume is totally out of our control?
Shannon  Perry, Ad Eundum Quo Nemo Ante iit:: A Carmina Collectio|The world is a jungle and each of us is alone. Each of us is the hunter and every one is the hunted. Kill or be killed. In this jungle, only the smartest will survive. Your brother is smart, you are not. You are a fool, filled with stupid notions of duty. Unless you cure yourself of this disease, you are doomed.
Aretha Franklin|Even if it's your wedding, if you're a guy, it's boring.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Undoubtedly, failure is growth in pain’s disguise.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Why don't you wear those tiny shorts when you run, like they do in the movies?" His voice was low and sexy, and he knew it."Because I'm not in a movie. I know it's confusing, since you obviously live 'The Saxon Show' day and night, but some of us want to live a boring, old, normal high school life, you know?
Marie-Louise Gay, Stella, Star of the Sea|Where do starfish come from?” asked Sam.“From the sky,” answered Stella. “Starfish are shooting stars that fell in love with the sea.”“Weren’t the stars afraid of drowning?” asked Sam.“No,” said Stella. “They all learned how to swim.
Joe Montana|High achievers spot rich opportunities swiftly, make big decisions quickly and move into action immediately. Follow these principles and you can make your dreams come true.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|She admired her passion, knowing that passion is by definition excessive.
Robert M. Drake|Death is the easy part, the hard part is living and knowing you could be so much more then you’re willing to be.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Only ignorant people think they have all the answers, intelligent people are full of doubts.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|DON'T BE A FOLLOWER,NOR TRY TO BE A BORROWER,MEND UR WAY,EVEN IT TAKE A DAY,IF U WISH TO BE A WINNER,UR DREAMS SHOULD BE BIGGER.
Rifhi Siddiq|If you are not good at innovating, be smart in investing.
Michael  Grant, Light|Goodness will always win over evil, no matter how much the evil attempts to break you. More than that, you are never truly in darkness. Sometimes, all you need to do is turn on the light.
Angie karan|Beauty is a treasure grove within. Beauty has different layers and depths. Peel and and look beyond the surface deep into the heart, the soul, and the mind
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|that he live in all respects so compactly and preparedly that, if an enemy take the town, he can, like the old philosopher, walk out the gate empty-handed without anxiety.
George Saunders|It's basically an act of faith, hoping that a small idea will unspool into a bigger whole. Sometimes, in fact often, it doesn't and it just runs out of steam. The hope for me is that it will snowball. the best way to put it is that I have no particular method or technique per se, other than this: I plan nothing, I outline nothing, I start with an idea or an image or a line of dialogue and see where it leads me. Because I never know what the next page will contain, let alone the end of the book, I am perpetually surprised by the course that my characters take. The writing process is as full of surprises and twists for me as the reading experience is for my readers. I love the spontaneity of writing this way, the possibilities left open, the feeling that I am not constrained or committed to any given path. Every day, I am surprised by something. It may not be the most efficient way of writing, but it has served me well thus far.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|We all need a technological detox; we need to throw away our phones and computers instead of using them as our pseudo-defence system for anything that comes our way. We need to be bored and not have anything to use to shield the boredom away from us. We need to be lonely and see what it is we really feel when we are. If we continue to distract ourselves so we never have to face the realities in front of us, when the time comes and you are faced with something bigger than what your phone, food, or friends can fix, you will be in big trouble.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is always great, when shared in a spirit of love.
Kaz Lefave|Science fiction is when we see into the future of our planet, fantasy is when we believe humanity will survive.
Trevor Nunn|My sister is an ER doctor, and my brother is a teacher.
Zadie Smith|Q: Where and when do you do your writing? A: Any small room with no natural light will do. As for when, I have no particular schedules... afternoons are best, but I'm too lethargic for any real regime. When I'm in the flow of something I can do a regular 9 to 5; when I don't know where I'm going with an idea, I'm lucky if I do two hours of productive work. There is nothing more off-putting to a would-be novelist to hear about how so-and-so wakes up at four in the a.m, walks the dog, drinks three liters of black coffee and then writes 3,000 words a day, or that some other asshole only works half an hour every two weeks, does fifty press-ups and stands on his head before and after the "creative moment." I remember reading that kind of stuff in profiles like this and becoming convinced everything I was doing was wrong. What's the American phrase? If it ain't broke...
Mehmet Murat ildan|If one part of a country is watching football match while the other part of the same country is under heavy attacks by the rockets, then we can say that there is no nation in that country, but there is only crowd of people!
Rakul Preet Singh|I know that my image and my clothing and my output are very colorful and can be arresting and startling in some respects. That is the nature of my work, but I am a simple farm boy, and I am very calm by nature.
Debasish Mridha|What you see is not true, but what you think about what you see is the truth.
Shirley Jackson, Just an Ordinary Day: The Uncollected Stories|People who are all alone have every right to be friends with one another.("The Honeymoon Of Mrs. Smith" - Version 1)
Martin Luther|No one can believe how powerful prayer is and what it can effect, except those who have learned it by experience. Whenever I have prayed earnestly, I have been heard and have obtained more than I prayed for. God sometimes delays, but He always comes.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I lost my balance when the train pulled away, but a human crumple zone buffered my fall. We stayed like that, half fallen. Diagonal People.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Spiritual learners too slowly graduate like students of normal education. If you are mentally elevated, you can grasp and appreciate complex teachings.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|People will rather pass by the weak, the lame, the beggars, the orphans, the tormented, the widows and take their large offerings to church, to the man of God who already has a mansion and jets , what a shallow mindedness.
George Carlin|It's all bullshit, folks and it's bad for ya.
Elizabeth Banks|Great journalism will always attract readers. The words, pictures and graphics that are the stuff of journalism have to be brilliantly packaged; they must feed the mind and move the heart.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo|I try not to speak about all the charities and people I help, because I believe we can only be truly generous when we expect nothing in return.
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|I believe in making my potential models comfortable,’ he explained when she shot a surprised look at him. ‘I’m considerate, unlike some artists who bend their sitters into difficult positions and expect them to stay there for hours. My demands are entirely reasonable.’For a moment, her libido got interested in his demands. What would it be like to listen to the soft caress of his voice as he told her how he wanted her? To have those midnight-blue eyes roam over every inch of her body? To be passive, helpless, whilst he did whatever he pleased?
Daniel Ionson, After Life|Hell, he now understood, went beyond simple torture. Hell inflicted agony with intermittent reprieves to maintain the hope of peace. Hell was not endless dark, but rare rays of sunlight to keep one’s eyes longing for their bright beauty. Hell forced hours of suffocation beneath the freezing water with times of release to keep one accustomed to the joy of breath, to let needful expectation be repeatedly stabbed by deprivation.
Oscar Wilde|The pure and simple truth is, the truth is never pure and simple.
Diana Gabaldon, The Scottish Prisoner|I heard you went to Ireland...I haven't seen it in many years. Is it still green then, and beautiful?Wet as a bath sponge and mud to the knees but, aye, it was green enough.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|I was shocked at the revelation of her vaulting ambition, her greed. I should have loathed her or, knowing what kind of a person she was, I should have realized the futility of any personal attachment, the impossibility of its maturing into something warm, human enduring. By then, I had known a bit of the prostitute's psychology, the ruthlessness which marked her relationship with men,but I ignored these.
Nicki Elson, When It Hooks You|I bring the girl to a museum, try to show her a little culture, and she turns a Chihuly into a giant phallus.
Michael J. Sullivan, Theft of Swords|Verily, for nine hundred years have I lost. Everyone I knew is dead, the empire gone, and who knows in what state the world is left. Should what thy sister reports prove true, much hath changed in the w
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Everybody is original, if he tells the truth, if he speaks from himself. But it must be from his *true* self and not from the self he thinks he *should* be. 
A. R. Rahman|My argument is simple, which is, that for several thousand years in Western civilization, marriage has been the union of one man and one woman. Research is overwhelming that children need mothers and fathers.
Paris Hilton|When I was 17, my main goal was to be in a band and travel the world. I ended up getting to do that with my old band Hey Monday. I got to see the world and learn how to tour, and the next thing I knew, I was on 'The Voice.' So it was just a crazy, crazy ride.
Kate Horsley, Confessions of a Pagan Nun|People respond when they are taught, and that primarily by example, rather than preached at. Jesus modeled just this approach in His life."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Christine Quinn|If you look at the Internet, the vast majority of start-ups are not successful. But the ones that are, are very very successful. So you can't point to the unsuccessful ones and say, 'There's no hope for this field.' It's just that they had the wrong idea or they had bad execution.
Curtis Tyrone Jones, Mirrors Of The Sun: Finding Reflections Of Light In The Shittiness Of Life|Your oddity is your hottest commodity but you scratch yourself like it's the lottery to reject yourself mentally, spiritually & bodily.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|Sophia and Grandmother sat down by the shore to discuss the matter further. It was a pretty day, and the sea was running a long, windless swell. It was on days just like this--dog days--that boats went sailing off all by themselves. Large, alien objects made their way in from sea, certain things sank and others rose, milk soured, and dragonflies danced in desperation. Lizards were not afraid. When the moon came up, red spiders mated on uninhabited skerries, where the rock became an unbroken carpet of tiny, ecstatic spiders.
Terry Eagleton, Reason, Faith, and Revolution: Reflections on the God Debate|The New Testament is a brutal destroyer of human illusions. If you follow Jesus and don't end up dead, it appears you have some explaining to do. The stark signifier of the human condition is one who spoke up for love and justice and was done to death for his pains. The traumatic truth of human history is a mutilated body.
Diana T. Scott, Our Demons, Best Friends|Well, I miss my wife, you know," I said. "But I also miss the feeling of, I don’t know, comfort. The sense you’re where you’re supposed to be, with someone you’re supposed to be with.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Everyone assumes writers spend their time lounging around, writing and occasionally striking a pose whilst having a think.
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|God created a woman to be the keeper of her home. She sets the tone, and where her mind and heart goes, her home and marriage tend to follow.
Alex Rosa, Emotionally Compromised|It was always like this. When you spoke the truth, they hated you. The more you talked about love, the more they hated you.
Jenny Colgan, Meet Me at the Cupcake Café|I have a head for business and a body for sin. Unfortunately, the sin appears to be gluttony.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There|If someone drowned at sea a couple of hundred years ago they’d either start to decompose immediately or they’d get eaten by fish or other scavengers. The bones would eventually sink down to the seabed and either be slowly buried by marine silt or broken down further over the years, but the flesh would one way or another eventually become water, which would evaporate into clouds and then rain down upon the earth once again to become plants and flowers.The flowers in your garden could once have been famous pirates such as Blackbeard or Calico Jack.
Paulo Coelho|The book is a film that takes place in the mind of the reader. That's why we go to movies and say, "Oh, the book is better.
Dada Bhagwan|When will final Liberation [Moksha] occur?! It is when your knowledge, your understanding [darshan] becomes mistake-free. You have been stuck because of these mistakes. One says, ‘I am Chandulal. I am the husband of this woman. I am this boy’s father. I am eighty years old’. So many such mistakes are there! There is a series of such mistakes!! Mistake is indeed at the root of all that!!! ‘This’ is the only misunderstanding’ there is, and that is what has obstructed liberation. And through only one understanding there is liberation.
Spike Milligan|Benjamin Franklin may have discovered electricity, but it was the man who invented the meter who made the money.
John Darnton, Almost a Family: A Memoir|How paltry are the traces left behind by a life, even one concentrated around those supposed things of permanence called words. We spend our time upon the earth and then disappear, and only one one-thousandth of what we were lasts. We send all those bottles out into the ocean and so few wash up on shore.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We must master many subjects in order to implement our dreams. Our personal journey begins by gathering appropriate learning experiences and awakening our minds to observe, evaluate, and recall what we experience.
Emily Brontë|You know why I really hated you? With all that you had you were just so oblivious to it all. You didn't use your beauty. You didn't ever try to get what you wanted. You didn't deserve what you had. I did because I would have used it. And you just...loved me. Loved me no matter what I did. You have no idea how I despised you for that. I wanted you gone."'The Yielding
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|Indulgence comes in all varieties: a mouthful of gourmet chocolate, a hot stone massage, a week in Paris or 20 uninterrupted minutes to getlost in a book.
Hassan Blasim, The Corpse Exhibition and Other Stories of Iraq|he knew in his body, even if he hadn’t yet put it together in his mind, that in America the worst thing you could be was a black man. Worse than dead, you were a dead man walking.
Susan Palwick, Homecoming|Woman cannot be free until man’s mind is liberated from the megalomania! His self-exaltation is the mother of the gender inequalities. Till we eliminate his exacerbated narcissism, woman will remain unfree!
Bobby Seale|Well you know it's dangerous in politics, because especially in the Philippines there's a lot of killing in politics.
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|Meanwhile, spring came, and with it the outpourings of Nature. The hills were soon splashed with wild flowers; the grass became an altogether new and richer shade of green; and the air became scented with fresh and surprising smells -- of jasmine, honeysuckle, and lavender.
Eugene O'Neill, A Moon for the Misbegotten|There is no present or future-only the past, happening over and over again-now.
Mandy Hale, I've Never Been to Vegas, but My Luggage Has: Mishaps and Miracles on the Road to Happily Ever After|Love is a beautiful, wonderful, and even sacred thing, but until it arrives, shouldn’t we give ourselves permission to thrive?
Sadhguru|If I had to sum up the gospel I should have to tell you certain facts: Jesus, the Son of God, became man; he was born of the virgin Mary; lived a perfect life; was falsely accused of men; was crucified, dead, and buried; the third day he rose again from the dead; he ascended into heaven and sitteth on the right hand of God; from whence he shall also come to judge the quick and the dead. This is one of the elementary truths of our gospel; we believe in the resurrection of the dead, the final judgment, and the life everlasting.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All around you are people whose lives are filled with trouble and sorrow, and they need your compassion and encouragement.
Garth Brooks|You cannot run a business, or anything else, on a theory.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|While there's life, there's hope.
Sallie Nichols|By viewing images we cast onto outer reality as mirror reflections of inner reality, we come to know ourselves.
Robin    Black|If You Can Stand It, Play the Long Game . . .What I mean here is that you have to remain committed to the ultimate goal, which isn’t to win the immediate approval of the online world, or dazzle a workshop, but to improve your storytelling day by day.Finding the right balance of feedback—encouragement versus vigorous criticism—will help immeasurably.But your own commitment has to be to the process of improvement, not to the anticipated reward.If it’s any consolation, I’m still working on this final lesson.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|When you fall into darkness do not spend all your energy and light rather than to remain in darkness,
John Derek|English language is the most universal language in history, way more than the Latin of Julius Caesar. It's the most punderful language because its vocabulary has a certain critical mass that makes a lingo good for punning.
John Lindsay|Duty is the great business of a sea officer; all private considerations must give way to it, however painful it may be.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn|If there is no personal God,everything is permissablel, and if God exists,everthing is possible.
Daniel MacIvor, How It Works|I do my best to love everybody...I'm hard put,sometimes- baby,its never an insult o be called what somebody thinks is a bad name. It just shows you how poor that person is,it doesn't hurt you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|So, there’s this hornet’s nest. And there’s this long stick. And then there’s me. How I walk away from all of this will depend on whether I realize that some things go together and some things don’t no matter how hard you try.
Robert Jordan|Any fool knows men and women think differently at times, but the biggest difference is this. Men forget, but never forgive; women forgive, but never forget.
Albert B. Cleage Jr., Black Christian Nationalism: New Directions For The Black Church|I realized that what I feared the most had materialized, yet I survived.
B. R. Ambedkar|The use of slave women as day workers naturally broke up or made impossible the normal Negro home, and this and the slave code led to a development of which the South was really ashamed and which it often denied, and yet perfectly evident: the raising of slaves in the Border slave states for systematic sale on the commercialized cotton plantations.
T.L.  Walker, The Way of Reckoning|Yessir, some things is sin 'cause God says so. Some things is sin 'cause they hurt other people. And some things is just pure-dee stupid.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat|Georgina," He murmured, pulling me closer. "You are the world.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|I settled on the floor and whispered to Sam, “I want you to listen to me, if you can.” I leaned the side of my face against his ruff and remembered the golden wood he had shown me so long ago. I remembered the way the yellow leaves, the color of Sam’s eyes, fluttered and twisted, crashing butterflies, on their way to the ground. The slender white trunks of the birches, creamy and smooth as human skin. I remembered Sam standing in the middle of the wood, his arms stretched out, a dark, solid form in the dream of the trees. His coming to me, me punching his chest, the soft kiss. I remembered every kiss we’d ever had, and I remembered every time I’d curled in his human arms. I remembered the soft warmth of his breath on the back of my neck while we slept.I remembered Sam.
Alice Callahan, The Science of Mom: A Research-Based Guide to Your Baby's First Year|Understanding the intricacies involved in raising someone with a physical or mental challenge for those who have never experienced it is like trying to understand anything foreign; impossible, though definitely worth doing anyway.
Katie Reus, Hunter Reborn|Larissa's father was Vlad Dracul? Vlad Tepes? Vlad the fucking Impaler?"Tepes translated meant "the Impaler," something Connor clearly knew."Yeah."Surprising him, Connor let out a loud laugh. "Man I bet her family just loved that she mated with a shifter."A weight on Aiden's chest lifted at his Alpha's reaction. "You have no idea.
Debbie Herbert|I believe that love, like magic, casts its own spell of enchantment.
Charles R. Swindoll|When we panic, we instinctively turn to our own internal resources because we doubt Him.
Jorge Luis Borges, Ficciones|From my weakness, I drew strength that never left me.
Karen  Gibbs|I'll try once again, try my best & give my best!
Adrienne Rich, Women and Honor: Some Notes on Lying|Lying is done with words, and also with silence.
B. C. Forbes|I've been polite and I've always shown up. Somebody asked me if I had any advice for young people entering the business. I said: "Yeah  show up."
Unknown|Until you commit your goals to paper, you have intentions that are seeds without soil.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The greatest prayers that I could ever utter come from the heart. And when I pray that way, I rarely need to open my mouth. Therefore, maybe I should think about talking less.
C.F. Joyce, Persephone in Hell|Paradoxically, the more Michael kept me at a distance, the more I trusted him - perhaps because he was always willing to help me with tips and introductions even though he wanted absolutely nothing from me (and never reciprocated my nosiness with personal questions of his own with me).
Jimmy Carter|In a small town, it's either sports or a band with your buddies. I was always athletic. But in college, I was exposed to all this new music, and I was drawn to hip-hop and R&B.
Robert Fulghum|The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|We do not need to attend classroom training programs for everything, our observation opens the windows of knowledge around us.
Brian  Doyle, Chicago|Leon had attached himself to me in Chicago like a fat, brat-and-beer-filled tick; I was amazed that someone whose blood was clearly half pork grease had made it to age seventy-five.
Mike Klepper|When a religious system or a government organizes into a bureaucracy, it is the bureaucracy that incessantly moves all activities increasingly and inevitably towards it's own destruction. The momentum will always become greater than the influence of it's wisest members.
Amanda Peet|Someone with a figure like Jennifer Aniston has a trainer, a cook spinning out some version of the latest diet, and probably a stop at the tanning salon.
Kendrick Lamar|There is very little room for relaxation, but as long as I capitalize on those brief moments of peace, I'm okay with that.
Beth Guckenberger|Uncertainty is a temptress. We may try our best to avoid her. But what is certain is that at some point of time, she will find us. The only question that remains is whether like Medusa, she will paralyze you, or whether like one of the nine muses of ancient Greece, she will drive you to greater things.
Revathi Sankaran|Mother was,' June thought, 'a beautiful little ornament that was damaged.' Her broken edges cut her daughters in ways both emotional and physical, and only sharpened with age.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I am always standing at the bottom of the mountain longingly looking up, in all probability it is because I have heeded the pillaging dogma of mediocrity which persistently tells me that the dream is not worth the climb.
Megan Whalen Turner, The King of Attolia|Would you like to hear more romance of the evening? He told me that the Guard should be reduced by half, and I threw an ink jar at his head.""Is that when he cried?""He ducked," Attolia said dryly.Grown more confident of the queen's humor, Relius said, "I had not pictured you for a fishwife.""Lo, the transforming power of love.
Jennifer Moore|It was better not to care but sometimes, people got in. Like a knife against armor, they found the cracks, slid past the guard, and you didn’t know how deep they were buried until they were gone and you were bleeding on the floor.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist: A Graphic Novel|It's what you have always wanted to accomplish. Everyone, when they are young, knows what their destiny is.At that point in their lives, everything is clear and everything is possible. They are not afraid to dream, and to yearn for everything they would like to see happen to them in their lives. But, as time passes, a mysterious force begins to convince them that it will be impossible for them to realize their destiny. It's a force that appears to be negative, but actually shows you how to realize your destiny. It prepares your spirit and your will, because there is one great truth on this planet: whoever you are, or whatever it is that you do, when you really want something, it's because that desire originated in the soul of the universe. It's your mission on earth.
La Tisha Honor|Writers are sponges. They absorb life, then squeeze and ring it out onto a page. Sometimes, if they squeeze too hard, they dry up. Not hard enough and they remain saturated, heavy and unpredictable, as they carry around a volume of ideas too great for their capacity.
Nick Vujicic|If all my bridge coach ever told me was that I was 'satisfactory,' I would have no hope of ever getting better. How would I know who was the best? How would I know what I was doing differently?
Jean Patou|Unlike traditional nursing homes, Green House homes provide elders with a high quality of life and quality of care in a setting that feels like a real home. By altering the facility size, interior design, staffing patterns and service-delivery method, the Green House model provides residents better, safer and more personalized care.
Ricky Williams|At issue when professional sports teams take the name of Native Americans is the problem of mimicry: having appropriated the land and wealth of America's vanquished peoples, settler culture then appropriates the supposed values and spirit of the vanquished as well.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|The 'peace' the gospel brings is never the absence of conflict, but an ineffable divine reassurance within the heart of conflict; a peace that surpasses understanding.
Vivid Darkness|If I was asked to write a poem about her. Every word I use would end up, being her name. And it would still sound so beautiful and breathtaking to me in the end.
Reza Mohamed|Mind is obsessed with fleeting illusions, while Spirit is constant and free.
Dejan Stojanovic|Since nothing is absolute There is no absolute silence, Only an appearance Of temporary peace.
Barry James|So Basically I'm the Antichrist , and the whole world is fucked because of me" - Jordon Hanson.
Katelyn Beaty, A Woman's Place: A Christian Vision for Your Calling in the Office, the Home, and the World|When we have to make a list of exceptions to apply a model of womanhood, it is good to ask whether that model holds much meaning.
Donna Freitas, The Survival Kit|Pay no attention to haters,attention is what they crave.
Nathanael Kanyinga|Be sure that you give the poor the aid they most need, though it be your example which leaves them far behind. If you give money, spend yourself with it, and do not merely abandon it to them.
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|If ever I create a website, I'll call it Two-Face Book, and I'll invite everyone to it, it will be a game board, of a whitewash chalkboard.A social network, with reserved intentions, where we can fall into our cliques and circle of friends. We can dis who we want and accept who appeals to our discretion. Where the users will keep abusing, and abusers keep using, where the computer bullies will keep swinging and the J-birds that fly by will die; where the lonely will keep seeking and the needy still go desperate, where the envious will keep hating, and the lustful will keep flashing. Where those that think ignoring, will keep one down and the wannabes will foolishly think themselves greater by the number of "likes" that pours caffeine into their coffee. We can jump on the bandwagon of likes, or reserve not to show we care. Where the scorners, scammers and stalkers lay wait to take hold of the innocent and fragile, and my pockets will get fatter as more and more will join up, where being fake is accepted. As a mirror that stares at a different face. It will be my two-face epilogue, in a 3-world dimension, of a twofold war. I will build an empire of contagious hooks, and still we will live, happily-ever disastrous.
Tammara Webber, Easy|The truth was, he now belonged only to my past, and it was time I begin to accept it, as much as it hurt to do so.
Ebelsain Villegas|Tread not into the fearsome nightBut pull the covers high,Step not into the wild dark woodFor the Hobbers are dancing nigh
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Your positive thoughts are both the prayer, and the answer to your prayer.
Henri Charrière, Papillon|We have too much technological progress, life is too hectic, and our society has only one goal: to invent still more technological marvels to make life even easier and better. The craving for every new scientific discovery breeds a hunger for greater comfort and the constant struggle to achieve it. All that kills the soul, kills compassion, understanding, nobility. It leaves no time for caring what happens to other people, least of all criminals. Even the officials in Venezuela's remote areas are better for they're also concerned with public peace. It gives them many headaches, but they seem to believe that bringing about a man's salvation is worth the effort. I find that magnificent.
Dwight L. Moody|He that raises a large family does, indeed, while he lives to observe them, stand a broader mark for sorrow; but then he stands a broader mark for pleasure too.
Manasa Rao|Insecure girls continue to hate and being ashamed of themselves. Thick or thin, tall or short, dark or fair, you’re beautiful the way you are and you don’t realize it. Real men always choose, love, respect, adore the real YOU. If you're changing for your man, something ain't right. Accept, Stay real, Love yourself & know your worth. You're not ugly, Society is...
Mary Balogh, A Matter of Class|But only a person in the depths of despair neglected to look beyond winter to the spring that inevitably followed, bringing back color and life and hope.
Tirumalai Krishnamacharya|Why do we need money beyond a point? If we are free of ill health, enmity, and debt, is that not enough? Too much money only leads to less peace.
G.K. Chesterton|For when we cease to worship God, we do not worship nothing, we worship anything.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I know they don’t respect the lives of others…”“Mortals,” he specified, “who exist for a brief moment and then die off.”Her voice rose as she argued with him. “I speak of people with very valued lives, Edgar. It may seem like a moment to you, but to me it is eternity.”“That makes no sense.”“It makes perfect sense, Edgar! Life is valuable—period. And because mine can be easily taken away, it becomes even more valuable and precious. Yours, you take for granted because you’ll never lose it. Mine, I cherish because it’s fleeting. For that reason alone I can argue that my life is of the greatest worth.”His eyebrows pulled together over a tangled scowl. She couldn’t tell if he was trying to understand her reasoning or if she had merely managed to upset him.“Never mind,” she mumbled. “I don’t think you can appreciate what you’ve never experienced.“That works both ways, Amora.”“Whatever.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|I live in a world without magic or miracles. A place where there are no clairvoyants or shapeshifters, no angels or superhuman boys to save you. A place where people die and music disintegrates and things suck. I am pressed so hard against the earth by the weight of reality that some days I wonder how I am still able to lift my feet to walk.
Marco Rubio|Where there is politics or economics, there is no morality.
Joe DeRouen, Small Things|Finally, mercifully, the spasms subsided, as the old man’s head lolled back, his mouth hanging open, taking in deep, ragged breaths of stale, recirculated air.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|A person must know who he is. A person must understand himself, improve himself, learn his weaknesses in order to overcome them. It is hard for a person to understand his own weaknesses.
Alison Moyet|My mother was the sweetest lady who ever lived on this planet, but if you tried to tell her that Jesus wasn't a Christian, she would stomp you to death.
Shan O' Connor|Words are a powerful aphrodisiac. They have the ability to awaken emotion, to excite the minds and senses. The right words entice, creep and crawl along the skin like the sensuous touch of a skilled lover. THAT my friends, is truly magical indeed...
B.J. Daniels, Rescue At Cardwell Ranch|I want you, too, Hayes Cardwell, and that isn't the beer talking."They were so close she could see the shine of his dark eyes in the starlight. Without another word, he swept her up in his arms and carried her into the cabin.
Don Aslett|no one is absolutely free from the woes of life. Not even the one who thinks he is free from the uncertainties of life. Difficulties, challenges, problems and the puzzles of life are a must meet for all and sundry, be it small or enormous, and they are what separate the rich from the poor, the masters from the servants, the wonder from the wander and the givers from the beggars. Our ability to be firm and overcome the storms of life shall enlighten our light to make us different. In life, you either solve that problem or you always have that problem. People are uncommon because they overcome the common problems with common sense and tenacity. If you live your life without providing a panacea to a problem each day, ponder!
Karl Rahner, Encounters With Silence|Do not take someone's silence as his pride,perhaps he is busy fighting with his self
Stephen Benatar|He was still a kid inside. His body had grown, stretched, towered, tanned its skin, hardened its muscle, darkened its tawny shock of long hair, tightened its lines around jaw and eyes, thickened fingers and knuckles, but the brain didn't feel as if it had grown in sympathy with the rest. It was still green, full of tall, lush oaks and elms in summer; a creek ran through it, and the kids climbed around on its convolutions shouting, "This way, gang - we'll take a short-cut and head them off at Dead Man's Gulch!
Anna Gavalda, Someone I Loved|I think we go well together. I like being with you because I'm never bored. Even when we're not talking, even when we're not touching, even when we're not in the same room, I'm not bored. I'm never bored. I think it's because I have confidence in you, in your thoughts. Do you understand? I love everything I see in you, and everything I don't see. I know your faults, but as it turns out, I feel as though your faults go well with my qualities. We're not afraid of the same things. Even our inner demons go well together! You, you're worth more than you show...
Kathleen Wynne|The practice of patience toward one another, the overlooking of one another's defects, and the bearing of one another's burdens is the most elementary condition of all human and social activity in the family, in the professions, and in society.
Vin Diesel|I was raised in New York City and raised in the New York City theater world. My father was a theater director and an acting teacher, and it was not uncommon for me to have long discussions about the method and what the various different processes were to finding a character and exploring character and realizing that character.
Joseph Bruchac, Code Talker: A Novel About the Navajo Marines of World War Two|Another of the hard things about being in a war, grandchildren, is that although there are times of quiet when the fighting has stopped, you know you will soon be fighting again. Those quiet times give you the chance to think about what has happened. Some of it you would rather not think about, as you remember the pain and the sorrow. You also have time to worry about what will happen when you go into battle again.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Let his sword break and his shield shatter, Sansa thought coldly as she shoved out through the doors, let his courage fail him and every man desert him.
G.K. Chesterton, The Complete Father Brown|It really is more natural to believe a preternatural story, that deals with things we don’t understand, than a natural story that contradicts things we do understand. Tell me that the great Mr Gladstone, in his last hours, was haunted by the ghost of Parnell, and I will be agnostic about it. But tell me that Mr Gladstone, when first presented to Queen Victoria, wore his hat in her drawing-room and slapped her on the back and offered her a cigar, and I am not agnostic at all. That is not impossible; it’s only incredible. But I’m much more certain it didn’t happen than that Parnell’s ghost didn’t appear; because it violates the laws of the world I do understand.
Maxim Gorky, Mother|In fact they were looking for weapons eager to find something they could justify the millions of dollars and massive deployment of personnel, the collection of stun-guns, tear-gas guns, pepper-spray guns, M16’s, horses, clubs, and armored personnel carriers with which they intended to protect the city from our hordes of puppet carriers and potentially illegal gardeners
Louise Welsh, Naming the Bones|If you do not know you are in danger, you are that danger. You do not know me, but I come in peace; if you think that is strange, then you are the stranger.
Mahatma Gandhi|People can't be just tied together. They have to connect. Otherwise, they'll find themselves bound hand and foot.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Each one of you carries the potential to blossom like flowers. When you blossom, petals of your mind open and the fragrance spread far and near.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|If heaven is within you, everywhere you go you will find heaven!
B. R. Ambedkar|Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude.
Alma Katsu, The Taker|Never fall in love with someone that won't fight for you because when the real battles begin they won't pull your heart to safety, but they will their own.
Rasha|A compassionate way of life rooted in oneness and connectivity not only impacts your greater good, but it resonates out into the world, positively impacting the greater good for all.
Francesca Lia Block, Pink Smog|I was starting to learn how to forget the things that made me sad. It was like a charm you followed step-by-step, collecting and blending the ingredients, placing everything in its proper place. It was the magic of forgetting.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|I hope I do not offend God by making my Communions in the frame of mind I have been describing. The command, after all, was Take, eat: not Take, understand.
Nathaniel E. Quimada|It's a very old idea that patience leads to skills, of course - but it seems urgent now that we go further than this and think about patience itself as the skill to be learned.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|Negative emotions, like depression or anxiety, have been shown to affect our immune system. Stress impedes wound healing.
Clyde Edgerton|As a rule, I try to steer clear of opinions pertaining to your parenting. I assume you're doing the best you can, and God bless.
Auli'i Cravalho|I was a Social Science major in college, with an emphasis in secondary education. I took as many courses on the American colonial era and westward expansion as I could. This turned out to be wonderful preparation for writing fantasy novels.
Jesus Christ|My father looked as if I’d just gutted him, and I felt a pang of regret—but it was mingled with a twisted sense of satisfaction. It felt good to hurt his feelings—it was payback for the way his choices had irrevocably damaged my own.
Michelle Franklin, The Leaf Flute - A Marridon Novella|A scientist does not have hope, sir. Hope is what a man has in the absence of answers, and once he does empirical experimentation, he replaces hope with knowledge and disappointment.
Margaret D. Nadauld|College was especially sweet because of the positive, hopeful atmosphere of a college campus.
Henry V. O'Neil, Live Echoes|You help us, they’ll lock you up for the rest of your life.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Do you know what the best and worst thing about a book is? The author can't answer all your questions, only your imagination can.
Ally Condie, Matched|Guilt wears track shoes. Sprint, marathon, or cross-country, it doesn’t matter. It runs tireless to catch you, and it carries a sledgehammer.
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|A sober friend from Texas said once that the three things I cannot change are the past, the truth, and you. I hate this insight so much.
Sigmund Freud|Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have , so to speak , pawned a part of their narcissism.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|The only goal in life is to be happy, genuinely, intensely and consistently , regardless of what it looks like to others.
Orson Scott Card|Perhaps a physicist would know at once why this whole idea was absurd. But then, perhaps a physicist would be so locked into the consensus of his scientific community that it would be harder for him to accept an idea that transformed the meaning of everything he knew. Even if it were true.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Vladimir did great things—so could she. Besides, they come first, right?""Not always."I stared. I'd had they come first drilled into me since I was a child. It was what all guardians believed. Only the dhampirs who'd run away from their duty didn't subscribe to that. What he said was almost like treason."Sometimes, Rose, you have to know when to put yourself first.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Rumi Collection|Life's waters flow from darkness. Search the darkness, don't run from it.
Margo Vader|It has been a Prosy day for us, but for some people it has been a wonderful day. Someone was rapturously happy in it. Perhaps a great deed has been done somewhere today- a great poem written- or a great man born. And some heart has been broken, Phil.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|People think that a liar gains a victory over his victim. What I’ve learned is that a lie is an act of self-abdication, because one surrenders one’s reality to the person to whom one lies, making that person one’s master, condemning oneself from then on to faking the sort of reality that person’s view requires to be faked…The man who lies to the world, is the world’s slave from then on…There are no white lies, there is only the blackest of destruction, and a white lie is the blackest of all.
Herman Hesse|There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance.
Auliq Ice|Success is like a seed, it waits for the right conditions that will allow it to grow.
Charlaine Harris, All Together Dead|Sticks and stones will break your bones, but failure will get you killed.
William Poe, Simon Says|Artists and intellectuals are not he same animal. This causes a great deal of confusion. Our schools teach educate us intellectually but not artistically. We learn to deconstruct art, not construct it.
Orison Swett Marden|One hour a day withdrawn from frivolous pursuits and profitably employed would enable any man of ordinary capacity to master a complete science. One hour a day would in ten years make an ignorant man a well-informed man…In an hour a day, a boy or girl could read twenty pages thoughtfully—over seven thousand pages, or eighteen large volumes in a year. An hour a day might make all the difference between bare existence and useful, happy living. An hour a day might make—nay, has made—an unknown man a famous one, a useless man a benefactor to his race.
N. E. Conneely, Witch for Hire|Michelle: The dreaded elf walked into the dining room seconds after I sat down. What business of his was it if I didn't have a clan? It wasn't often I regretted my upbringing but being questioned about a clan stirred unhappy feelings. I'm a witch, but a witch without a clan. Mom had been expelled from her clan before I was born because she wouldn't say who my father was. The clan elders ruled that he must have been human. Unfortunately for my mom, she wasn't much of a witch and breeding with a human was against clan law. I'm not sure who my dad was, but he wasn't around. I've always thought he was from a clan hers didn't favor because I sure had magic and lots of it.
Rupert Dreyfus, The Rebel's Sketchbook|A book that is written for the quirky, mischievous, and decidedly irreverent-minded modern reader, Confessions from the Comments Section will appeal to anyone who enjoys a clever, no-holds-barred roast of our contemporary cultural chaos.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|A man's concern, even his despair, over the worthwhileness of life is an existential distress but by no means a mental disease.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|But I've still better things about children. I've collected a great, great deal about Russian children, Alyosha. There was a little girl of five who was hated by her father and mother, 'most worthy and respectable people, of good education and breeding.' You see, I must repeat again, it is a peculiar characteristic of many people, this love of torturing children, and children only. To all other types of humanity these torturers behave mildly and benevolently, like cultivated and humane Europeans; but they are very fond of tormenting children, even fond of children themselves in that sense. it's just their defencelessness that tempts the tormentor, just the angelic confidence of the child who has no refuge and no appeal, that sets his vile blood on fire. In every man, of course, a demon lies hidden- the demon of rage, the demon of lustful heat at the screams of the tortured victim, the demon of lawlessness let off the chain, the demon of diseases that follow on vice, gout, kidney disease, and so on."This poor child of five was subjected to every possible torture by those cultivated parents. They beat her, thrashed her, kicked her for no reason till her body was one bruise. Then, they went to greater refinements of cruelty- shut her up all night in the cold and frost in a privy, and because she didn't ask to be taken up at night (as though a child of five sleeping its angelic, sound sleep could be trained to wake and ask), they smeared her face and filled her mouth with excrement, and it was her mother, her mother did this. And that mother could sleep, hearing the poor child's groans! Can you understand why a little creature, who can't even understand what's done to her, should beat her little aching heart with her tiny fist in the dark and the cold, and weep her meek unresentful tears to dear, kind God to protect her? Do you understand that, friend and brother, you pious and humble novice? Do you understand why this infamy must be and is permitted? Without it, I am told, man could not have existed on earth, for he could not have known good and evil. Why should he know that diabolical good and evil when it costs so much? Why, the whole world of knowledge is not worth that child's prayer to dear, kind God'! I say nothing of the sufferings of grown-up people, they have eaten the apple, damn them, and the devil take them all! But these little ones! I am making you suffer, Alyosha, you are not yourself. I'll leave off if you like
Richard Russo, Bridge of Sighs|Nobody, not even artists, understood art. What speed has to do with it. How much work it takes, year after year, building the skills, the trust in the process, more work probably than any Olympic athlete ever puts in because it is twenty-four hours a day, even in dreams, and then when the skills and the trust are in place, the best work usually takes the least effort. Usually, it comes fast, it comes without thought, it comes like a horse running you over at night. But. Even if people understand this, they don't understand that sometimes it is not like that at all. Because the process has always been: craft, years and years; then faith; then letting go. But now, sometimes the best work is agony. Pieces put together, torn apart, rebuilt. Doubt in everything that has been learned, terrible crisis of faith, the faith that allowed it all to work. Oh God. And even then, through this, if you survive the halting pace and the fever, sometimes you make the best work you have ever made. That is the part none of us understand.
Set it off|I’ve got some questions,Are you sick of feelin’ sorry?And people sayin’ not to worry?Sick of hearing this hakuna matata motto,From people who won the lotto,We’re not that lucky.Have you noticed that you’re breathing?Look around and count your blessings,So when you’re sick of all this stressin’ and guessin’I’m suggestin’ you turn this up and let them hear you sing it
Alfred Tennyson|It does seem to me, that herein we see the rare virtue of a strong individual vitality, and the rare virtue of thick walls, and the rare virtue of interior spaciousness. Oh, man! admire and model thyself after the whale! Do thou, too, remain warm among ice. Do thou, too, live in this world without being of it. Be cool at the equator; keep thy blood fluid at the Pole. Like the great dome of St. Peter's, and like the great whale, retain, O man! in all seasons a temperature of thine own.
Vironika Tugaleva|Everything you want lies on the other side of learning to trust yourself. Take a chance. Have faith. You already know who you are, what you want, and where you want to go.
Christopher Hitchens|You might think that, by now, people would have become accustomed to the idea of natural catastrophes. We live on a planet that is still cooling and which has fissures and faults in its crust; this much is accepted even by those who think that the globe is only six thousand years old, as well as by those who believe that the earth was "designed" to be this way. Even in such a case, it is to be expected that earthquakes will occur and that, if they occur under the seabed, tidal waves will occur also. Yet two sorts of error are still absolutely commonplace. The first of these is the idiotic belief that seismic events are somehow "timed" to express the will of God. Thus, reasoning back from the effect, people will seriously attempt to guess what sin or which profanity led to the verdict of the tectonic plates. The second error, common even among humanists, is to borrow the same fallacy for satirical purposes and to employ it to disprove a benign deity.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|The process of awakening or enlightenment is nothing but to empty yourself from inside, and make you encounter with the real being, where you absolutely relax yourself and feel rejuvenated to experience life again.
John F. Kennedy|Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values.
Noam Chomsky|The exercise of power is determined by thousands of interactions between the world of the powerful and that of the powerless, all the more so because these worlds are never divided by a sharp line: everyone has a small part of himself in both.
Buddha|The past is our definition. We may strive with good reason to escape it, or to escape what is bad in it. But we will escape it only by adding something better to it.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|Came they, in their droves, one after the other, hundred after hundred, thousand after thousand, engulfing all before them, each line a merciless wave from a boundless sea of bold men.
Siobhan Davis, Destiny Rising|That's the thing about being a criminal," Kat told her. "Nothing ever goes according to plan.
Pat Conroy, Beach Music|What was supposed to be so special about a full moon? It was only a big circle of light. And the dark of the moon was only darkness. But halfway between the two, when the moon was between the worlds of light and dark, when even the moon lived on the edge...maybe then a witch could believe in the moon.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The power of a thing is not based on the power it actually possesses. Rather, it is much more about the power that we permit it to possess.
Lil Uzi Vert|Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Etiquette tip: If you're looking for the right time to leave a party, when the host yells, "No one leaves here alive," that's your cue.
Kendare Blake, Girl of Nightmares|I love that moment, when you stop struggling to stay awake and your eyelids shut sink down and you slip effortlessly into another realm that’s beckoning to you.
Lysander Spooner|Is not that government both unjust and ungrateful, that is so prodigal of it's favors to those called gentlemen, or goldsmiths, or such others who are idle, or live either by flattery or by contriving the arts of vain pleasure, and, on the other hand, takes no care of those of a meaner sort, such as ploughmen, colliers, and smiths, without whom it could not subsist? But after the public has reaped all the advantage of their service, and they come to be oppressed with age, sickness, and want, all their labours and the good they have done is forgotten, and all the recompense given them is that they are left to die in great misery.
Jennifer Lopez|I am not handsome, but when women hear me play, they come crawling to my feet.
Steve Goodier|The laugh came then, a marvelous honking hoorah so infectious that Dill felt it should be quarantined.
Gary Louis|Making our worst decisions in life, can destroy us, but God is trying to Rebuild us
James Morris Robinson, Genesis: A New World Order|As Americans, we must protect our humanity while fighting terrorism. It we lose that…they have surely won.
Jane   Collins, Willing Change|If you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without every having noticed it.
Richelle Mead, Storm Born|I’d seen weirder things than a haunted shoe, but not many.
Edgar Saltus, The Philosophy of Disenchantment|When you transplant a rose, transplant the reddest one.
Stephen Cosgrove, Buttermilk Bear|As you walk through forestsor the meadows of your mind,Stop and talk to those you fearGood friendships you may find
AKA|I am betrayed and played but right now im feeling nothing pain but to forgive, it's because I love God too much that I can't hate.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|Miss Green can call a turd a rose if she wants, but that don't mean people's going to be lining up to smell it.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|Wayne's a little attached to that hat," Waxillium said. "He thinks it's lucky."Wayne: "It is lucky. I ain't never died while wearing that hat." Marasi frowned. "I ... I'm not sure I know how to respond."Wax: "That's a common reaction to Wayne.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I knew the power of a single wish, after all. Invisible and inevitable, like a butterfly that beats its wings in one corner of the globe and with that single action changes the weather halfway across the world.
Twinkle Khanna|My diet is mostly chicken and fish. I make sure I get a lot of vegetables, a lot of fruit. I am a big fruit man, I am a vegetable man anyway. And I also get a lot of rest. That's the key I may be up early, but I'm in bed early too.
Ellen J. Barrier|The things we share with each other are deeply felt from within our hearts that neither of us will ever forget. For the gifts that are priceless are the ones that are heartfelt; their roots are within our soul. They are the greatest gifts, of all.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Why should I be afraid to trust myself to you? I am not afraid, I have been well brought forward by you...
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Walking a mile in someone else's shoes isn't as much about the walk or the shoes; it's to be able to think like they think, feel what they feel, and understand why they are who and where they are. Every step is about empathy.
Donna Grant, Dark Heat: The Dark Kings Stories|You want to give the biggest klutz who ever walked the earth a sailboat? I might run over someone.""Just make sure they deserve it," he answered without missing a beat.
Henry David Thoreau|Strong women, when respected, make the whole society stronger. One must be careful with such rapid changes, though, and make an effort to preserve, at the same time, the positive traditions of Indian culture.
Kamal Khanzada|People will think while you can do, go and do it
Lailah Gifty Akita|Stop wasting so much energy hating your body; it makes you weaker. Everything good in your life begins from the moment you begin accepting, understanding, respecting, and loving your true self.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Take any emotion—love for a woman, or grief for a loved one, or what I’m going through, fear and pain from a deadly illness. If you hold back on the emotions—if you don’t allow yourself to go all the way through them—you can never get to being detached, you’re too busy being afraid. You’re afraid of the pain, you’re afraid of the grief. You’re afraid of the vulnerability that loving entails. “But by throwing yourself into these emotions, by allowing yourself to dive in, all the way, over your head even, you experience them fully and completely. You know what pain is. You know what love is. You know what grief is. And only then can you say, ‘All right. I have experienced that emotion. I recognize that emotion. Now I need to detach from that emotion for a moment’.
Larissa Ione, Eternal Rider|Let a woman too close, and while she sucked your cock, she sucked your brains and manhood right out of you, too.
Michael Perry|And the skies: in one day the sky could travel from green at dawn to a noon-time blue so severe it was almost black to hot silver in the afternoon to roiling burgundy at sunset. Just before night it flowered in yawning, imperial violets. Wedges of mauve, cauldrons of peach - skies more like drugs than colors.
J.C. Carleson|Talk To God Ch 13 p. 90: No it doesn't have to be a prayer. It could be someone just concentrating extremely hard, wishing or hoping that will create "the vibe" if they are so moved. And that vibe, as you will learn, becomes extremely powerful beyond earth. That vibe drives the universe. But don't confuse this. Forget about prayers. You don't need to pray to communicate with others. That's a religious definition, not a human or a God thing. When you are concentrating on your wishes, focusing on something you desire or wish to share, your soul and spirit are reaching out to all other humans near you, using your brain as the communicator and returning the support to you. If people near you are aware and are moved to respond, they will. And that response is a powerful, electric, spirited response that carries with it the ability to give that person the supporting power, the strength and the ability to assist them in doing whatever it is they desire. And what all humans desire, and the energy that is exchanged with one another, in human terms, is love.
J. Krishnamurti|When you call yourself an Indian or a Muslim or a Christian or a European, or anything else, you are being violent. Do you see why it is violent?Because you are separating yourself from the rest of mankind. When you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence. So a man who is seeking to understand violence does not belong to any country, to any religion, to any political party or partial system; he is concerned with the total understanding of mankind.
Deyth Banger|Your shit is for you, my shit is for me - Understand?
Daouda Dolley|I was afraid of the dance once, too. But I learned to embrace it and the mistakes I would make. Do not turn away from your fear. Turn toward love instead.
Daniel Boulud|A reader's own imagination is a far more powerful form of CGI than anything any movie can provide because it's unique. In your own imagination, you can enter all sorts of worlds, and they are unique to you because no other reader will interpret a book the same way.
Jony Ive|Every day i throw my leg over this steed, I know this ride could be the last for me, it's in my blood this need to be free,some what different than your average breed.
Conrad Williams, One|And suddenly, as if her head had cleared, she was quite sure that wonderful things did indeed exist. Even if they’re only in my own mind, she thought, they’re there and worth fighting for. I mustn’t give in.
Susie Clevenger, Dirt Road Dreams|I seek to be moved, my imagination reborn.Let me feast on poems that feed my hunger.
Jonathan Edwards, The Religious Affections|But saints and angels behold that glory of God which consists in the beauty of His holiness; and it is this sight only that will melt and humble the hearts of men, wean them from the world, draw them to God, and effectually change them. A sight of the awful greatness of God may overpower men's strength, and be more than they can endure; but if the moral beauty of God be hid, the enmity of the heart will remain in its full strength. No love will be enkindled; the will, instead of being effectually gained, will remain inflexible. But the first glimpse of the moral and spiritual glory of God shining into the heart produces all these effects as it were with omnipotent power, which nothing can withstand.
Benjamin Lotter|... what kind of life do we live if we let fear break us down? The truth is there will be tough times, we've certainly been through them before; but good things happen everyday. Great things. We just have to open our eyes and see them.
mr|Rhysand yelled my name again - yelled it as though he cared. I blacked out, but she brought me back, ensuring that I felt everything ensuring that I screamed every time a bone broke.
Boris Johnson|There must be room in our world for eccentricity, even if it offends the prudes, and room for the vague other-worldliness that often goes with genius.
J.M. Darhower, Reignite|Maybe he was dangerous, but for some reason, she trusted him.
Jane Ridley|I am very proud to have kept my commitment to introduce the married couples' tax allowance. I think it will prove very popular. I think it's absolutely right that we recognise marriage in the tax system properly, and I would like to see that expanded.
Erma Bombeck|My favorite time of day is to get up and eat leftovers from dinner, especially spicy food.
James Carlos Blake, The Rules of Wolfe|Columbus gave Europe a New World; [Alexander von] Humboldt made it known in its physical, material, intellectual, and moral aspects.
Danny Masterson|I accept the fact that angels are great heavenly beings, and I think some people give me the feeling that I'm with an angel.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To maximize our lives we think that we should get up and join in the race. Yet, we rarely consider that maybe it’s less about joining a race and more about actually creating one.
Albert Hourani, A History of the Arab Peoples|Naira is our currency, belong to our country and belong to the people. Buy made in Nigeria let's grow the Naira to make it value.
Darren Aronofsky|Therefore, when I considered this carefully, the contempt which I had to fear because of the novelty and apparent absurdity of my view, nearly induced me to abandon utterly the work I had begun.
D.H. Lawrence|There are gods, but there is no God; and all gods become devils eventually.
Elizabeth Scott, Bloom|I love books. I like that the moment you open one and sink into it you can escape from the world, into a story that's way more interesting that yours will ever be.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|In material things, there are seven wonders; in human beings there is only one wonder - and that's you.
Sebastian Faulks, Engleby|We, through the cerebral cortex, add the consciousness, spirit and rationality, to this dolphin brained human body avatar. We control our destiny and this body can become a servant of our conscious will, once we learn to communicate fully with it. We are called to bridge the gap between our conscious mind and the subconscious mind.
Raven-Symone|Strong families serve society by bringing forth healthy children and maturing young adults, by being a rich source of a compassion for sick members, of support for others in time of crisis and of care for the elderly and the dying.
Felix Caussan|Selling a new lie is easy, but not so with un-teaching an old truth.
Helen Keller|I believe that God is in me as the sun is in the colour and fragrance of a flower - the Light in my darkness, the Voice in my silence.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Follow the river to reach the sea; follow the sea to reach the ocean. And finally follow the ocean to reach the wisdom! As long as you target beyond of the beyond, you will reach the very beyond!
Shannon L. Alder|Your words will either give you joy or give you sorrow, but if they were spoken without regret, they give you peace.
Christian D. Larson|Harmony is about bringing things into balance and knowing how to go from sunrise to sunset. Mother Nature teaches this to us, in so many ways, each and every day.
Mary Roach|I am very hopeful that my personal success in Qatar will ignite others, especially those in the so-called non-traditional sports, to try even harder because now they can see for themselves that significant achievements can be attained. But let me stress that it takes a lot of work - in fact, very hard work - mixed with very heavy doses of patience.
Abhijit Naskar|The causal, abstract, binary, holistic, and reductionist functions of the human brain all help you to process the enormous amount of information coming into our brain from the external world every day.
Persia Woolley, Child of the Northern Spring|I smiled ruefully to myself, knowing I had already experienced a far greater and deeper union with this man than that which propriety was so busy guarding against. I had seen and accepted our fate here, tonight, on the crest of this ancient hill, and all other ceremonies would be just that: rituals to please the people and make public the commitment that had been made in the privacy of my own heart.
Belle DiMonté|Dedication. DEDICATION. That is the only way to become a writer. Write every day. Write until your fingers bleed, your eyes bleed, your soul bleeds. From that blood, stories are born. It's worth it.
Paul Graham, Hackers & Painters: Big Ideas from the Computer Age|Paying attention is more important to reliability than moving slowly. Because he pays close attention, a Navy pilot can land a 40,000 lb. aircraft at 140 miles per hour on a pitching carrier deck, at night, more safely than the average teenager can cut a bagel.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My love, you are always on my mind and heart.
Shah Asad Rizvi|When the melody plays, footsteps move, heart sings and spirit begin to dance.
Simon Sinek|We hope that, when the insects take over the world, they will remember with gratitude how we took them along on all our picnics.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Barrayar|From the vantage of a mid-1970's consensus that regarded the United States as having entered a post-Protestant era, the rise of a Religious Right dominated not only by Protestants but by fundamentalists was not the way the story was supposed to go. People like Jerry Falwell looked like party crashers who, rather than slikinking from bar to buffet in hopes of going unnoticed, demanded that the vegetarian, alcohol-imbibing hosts serve meat and tell the bartender to go home.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We fly with our dreams, we fall with our hesitations!
Angelina Jolie|I feel that World Cup cricket should be played like football in which all the 160 countries take part. If only a handful of countries are going to keep on playing in the World Cup without making the game popular, I will be a sad man.
T.T. Monday, Double Switch|But this city is a world of its own, a country within a country. People are used to taking the old and making it news; and used, too, to taking the new and making it old. Every glass of water from its taps, it is said, has passed six times through the kidneys of another, and every scrap of its land has been trodden on, fought over, dug up and broken down for centuries.
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, Peace On Earth, Good Will To Dogs|Supplementing the far, remote Glory-of-God expression in his face, the glory-of-doughnuts shone suddenly very warmly.
Abhijit Naskar|Knowledge is worth nothing, until it is put to practice.
Sheshadharananda, Burned out|If you want to change your life for the better, simple, just choose health for yourself and others, every step, every mode, and every turn; in your psyche, emotions, mental focus, and body; in your thoughts, words, and deeds. Start with the part of your being that your will and willingness currently have a better hold on. It is the body for some, mental focus for some, emotion and psyche for others. And then as you begin to see yourself get healthier and stronger, and hence happier, apply the realized health, strength, and happiness to choose health toward your whole being, past the part of your being you started with, and then you see very quickly that infinite happiness is you, supreme wisdom is you, indomitable power is you, and that you are the sole (soul :) ) Universe potential, and have always been!Unconditional health be you always! Vijayi Bhava! Victory be yours!Amma, ‘A Iyer in Jose’s Well
David  Arnold, Mosquitoland|Can they love? Or is it a bit of code meant to get a reaction from humans? Can anyone tell real love, in a bot or in a human?
Alessandra Torre, The Diary of Brad De Luca|On the bed - now,” he ordered, yanking the band of his shorts and dropping them on the floor. “I need to fuck right now more than I need to breath.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|Look at the language. If a scientist delivers the simple, unconditional, absolutely certain statements that politicians and journalists want, he is talking as an activist, not a scientist.
Michael Tilson Thomas|God created paper for the purpose of drawing architecture on it. Everything else is, at least for me, an abuse of paper.
June Callwood|Suffer of life face and fight!There is no such true happiness, when there is no such bitter passed in lives.Past experienced, is the best teacher,giving us lesson,that will lead us to success.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|My mom was sitting at the kitchen table. She’d set her coffee down, making a noise that made me look her way. I’d begun to notice her less and less often, like her colors were fading and blending in with walls. She was shrinking. Or maybe her sphere of influence in the family was shrinking. My dad glanced at her, too, and then wrote something on a napkin. He slid it across the counter to me—Don’t worry. Come home in one piece. Have fun and act like a sixteen-year-old for a change.
Toni Aleo, Empty Net|wash the brush, just beats the devil out of it 
Kim Cormack, Enlightenment|As time passes, the cast and crew go the way of all flesh, though their celluloid echoes remain--walking, talking, fighting, fucking. After enough time, every person you see onscreen will have died, transformed through the magic of cinema into a collection of visible memories: light on a screen, pixels on a videotape, information on a DVD. We bring them back every time we start a movie, and they live again, reflected in our eyes. It's a cruel sort of immortality, I guess, though it probably beats the alternative.
Judith McNaught, A Kingdom of Dreams|Rowan considered for a moment, and then said, "I have known many kings in my life, Dorian Havilliard. And it was a rare man indeed who asked for help when he needed it, who would put aside pride.
Kent Haruf, Plainsong|A girl is different. They want things. They need things on a regular schedule. Why, a girl's got purposes you and me can't even imagine. They got ideas in their heads you and me can't even suppose.
Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|We're becoming slaves; the war scatters us in all directions, takes away everything we own, snatches the bread from out of our mouths; let me at least retain the right to decide my own destiny, to laugh at it, defy it, escape it if I can. A slave? Better to be a slave than a dog who thinks he's free as he trots along behind his master. She listened to the sound of men and horses passing by. They don't even realise they're slaves, she said to herself, and I, I would be just like them if a sense of pity, solidarity, the "spirit of the hive" forced me to refuse to be happy.
Tyra Banks|Honestly, I never thought I'd actually be playing a teen lesbian. I didn't think it was going to go this far. But I'm glad that it did, because there have been a lot of fans who have expressed that they've been going through similar situations in their lives.
Michael Robotham, Shatter|I once had a patient who was convinced that his head was full of sea water and a crab lived inside. When I asked him what happened to his brain he told me that aliens had sucked it out with a drinking straw."It is better this way," he insisted. "Now there's more room for the crab.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|Cathy's lies were never innocent. Their purpose was to escape punishment, or work, or responsibility, and they were used for profit. Most liars are tripped up either because they forget what they have told or because the lie is suddenly faced with an incontrovertible truth. But Cathy did not forget her lies, and she developed the most effective method of lying. She stayed close enough to the truth so that one could never be sure. She knew two other methods also -- either to interlard her lies with truth or to tell a truth as though it were a lie. If one is accused of a lie and it turns out to be the truth, there is a backlog that will last a long time and protect a number of untruths.
Kit Rocha, Beyond Control|He headed for the stairs, pulling me along behind him. He was forceful, yet took the steps at a slow pace so I did not stumble. It was an overwhelming experience, heightened by the fact he didn’t speak, nor once look back at me.
Kim Jong-un|Our - our friends can't trust us anymore. You know, Ukraine was a nuclear-armed state. They gave away their nuclear arms with the understanding that we would protect them. We won't even give them offensive weapons.
Norman Vincent Peale|An elite class that is free to operate without limits - whether limits imposed by the rule of law or fear of the responses from those harmed by their behavior - is an elite class that will plunder, degrade, and cheat at will, and act endlessly to fortify its own power.
James Patterson, The Fire|When you have been burned by fire once, you don't leap into the flames again.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|The road up and the road down are one and the same." Heraclitus
Marilyn Bay Wentz|Sapphires for my bride-to-be and a severed head for the king my brother," said Duke Richard cheerfully. "As St Paul pointed out, gifts may vary but the spirit is the same. In the present instance, a spirit of goodwill.
Alan Cohen|Only the ego resists egos. The spirit may notice egos, but sees beyond them and does not engage with them.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|If you are open to life’s lessons and do not feed on beliefs and prejudices, you are like a blank sheet of paper on which God writes his messages to you in holy ink.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|The fear of death haunted me for a year. I cried whenever anyone dropped a glass or broke a picture. But even then that passed, I was left with a sadness that couldn't be rubbed off. It wasn't that something had happened. It was worse: I'd become aware of what had been with me all along without my notice. I dragged this new awareness around like a stone tied to my ankle. Wherever I went, it followed. I used to make up little sad songs in my head. I eulogized the falling leaves. I imagined my death in a hundred different ways, but the funeral was always the same: from somewhere in my imagination, out rolled a red carpet. Because after every secret death I died, my greatness was always discovered.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|When he had promised himself that he wouldn't try to repair Jude, he had forgotten that to solve someone is to want to repair them: to diagnose a problem and then not try to fix that problem seemed not only neglectful but immoral.
Debasish Mridha|When you are able to understand the language of silence, you will be able to see the beauty of the invisible.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|I advise you to stop sharing your dreams with people who try to hold you back, even if they're your parents. Because, if you're the kind of person who senses there's something out there for you beyond whatever it is you're expected to do - if you want to be EXTRA-ordinary- you will not get there by hanging around a bunch of people who tell you you're not extraordinary. Instead, you will probablybecome as ordinary as they expect you to be.
Tony Kushner|I know children regress after vaccination because it happened to my own son. Why aren't there any tests out there on the safety of how vaccines are administered in the real world, six at a time? Why have only two of the 36 shots our kids receive been looked at for their relationship to autism?
Enrico Fermi|The fact that no limits exist to the destructiveness of this weapon [the 'Super', i.e. the hydrogen bomb] makes its very existence and the knowledge of its construction a danger to humanity as a whole. It is necessarily an evil thing considered in any light. For these reasons, we believe it important for the President of the United States to tell the American public and the world what we think is wrong on fundamental ethical principles to initiate the development of such a weapon.
Jonathan Larson, Rent|Forget regret, or life is yours to miss. No other path, no other way, no day but today.
J.K. Rowling|Failure gave me an inner security that I had never attained by passing examinations. Failure taught me things about myself that I could have learned no other way. I discovered that I had a strong will, and more discipline than I had suspected; I also found out that I had friends whose value was truly above the price of rubies.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|You can choose to fight your journey every step of the way or you can embrace it, recognizing each stumble or setback as a opportunity to strengthen your character, finesse your craft, and deepen your passion. Oh this journey can be beautiful if you allow yourself to enjoy the rain!
A.R. Von, Lady's Destiny|Love can be so hauntingly beautiful, waking up past selves that have been wandering aimlessly through the corridors of our soul, for far too long. When someone else can take us from the ghost-town of our inner-selves, to exciting new landscapes, it's worth the risk, just to feel reborn.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You will meet a lot of people in your life; some laugh with you, others will laugh at you; some will love to clean your mess, others will love to mess you up! Love all, but choose carefully the one who stays close to you forever!
Sundar Pichai|Technology is characterized by constant change, rapid innovation, creative destruction, and revolutionary products.
Sasha Alsberg, Zenith Part 1|She had always loved the stars. But tonight, she felt as if they were watching her, waiting for her to fail.
Harry Belafonte|When Hughes writes, in the first two lines of his poem, “Let America be America again/ Let it be the dream it used to be,” he acknowledges that America is primarily a dream, a hope, an aspiration, that may never be fully attainable, but that spurs us to be better, to be larger. He follows this with the repeated counterpoint, “America never was America to me,” and through the rest of this remarkable poem he alternates between the oppressed and the wronged of America, and the great dreams that they have for their country, that can never be extinguished.
Mahatma Gandhi|...Turn our thoughts, in the next place, to the characters of learned men. The priesthood have, in all ancient nations, nearly monopolized learning. Read over again all the accounts we have of Hindoos, Chaldeans, Persians, Greeks, Romans, Celts, Teutons, we shall find that priests had all the knowledge, and really governed all mankind. Examine Mahometanism, trace Christianity from its first promulgation; knowledge has been almost exclusively confined to the clergy. And, even since the Reformation, when or where has existed a Protestant or dissenting sect who would tolerate a free inquiry? The blackest billingsgate, the most ungentlemanly insolence, the most yahooish brutality is patiently endured, countenanced, propagated, and applauded. But touch a solemn truth in collision with a dogma of a sect, though capable of the clearest proof, and you will soon find you have disturbed a nest, and the hornets will swarm about your legs and hands, and fly into your face and
Maeve Binchy, The Glass Lake|We are always waiting, aren't we? All in a state of hesitation and held breath. Sometimes it's glorious like a storm at the end of a hot day.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Wieża Jaskółki|For the moment, I am relying on the authority of Cahir aep Ceallach, the only soldier in our company-and Cahir confirmed that winning battles by means of a rapid escape from the battlefield is permissible from the point of view of most military doctrines.
Brad Pitt|Without the emotion of the beautiful, the sublime, the mysterious, there is no art, no religion, no literature.
Semezdin Mehmedinović|A constant discomfort derives from this--writing these sentences, or any other for that matter--I am writing an ad for the war. With that, every utterance about freedom finishes.
James Thurber|In his grief over the loss of a dog, a little boy stands for the first time on tiptoe, peering into the rueful morrow of manhood. After this most inconsolable of sorrows there is nothing life can do to him that he will not be able somehow to bear.
Burton Braley|But the rare herb, Forgetfulness, / It hides away from me.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|It is true that novelists are shameless and obey no decent law, and they are not to be trusted on any account, but some Mysteries even they must honor.
Ayelet Waldman, Love and Other Impossible Pursuits|Love & Marriage are about work & Compromise. They're about seeing someone for what he is, being disappointed and deciding to stick around anyway. They're about commitment and comfort, not some kind of sudden, hysterical recognition.
Ramana Pemmaraju|The source for any mental trauma is never other person, but its your own MIND psyching YOU into believing that you're vulnerable at first, thereby gradually increasing the intensity of suffering as it justifies through illusionary reasons - all thanks to the unconscious recess, as falsity forms is very foundation with fabrication as prime drivers, thus pushing one into a life-negative state with violent mood swings followed by depression and suicidal tendencies! Beware of your MIND, for it's not YOU!
Darrell Calkins|I don’t really consider myself to be a teacher, although I understand that others do. There’s a certain restriction or reduction in that stereotype that doesn’t ring true. Especially the underlying assumption that I know something that others don’t, and my job is to give them what I know. That’s simply not true.
Patricia Highsmith|The best way to piss off your enemies is to out-succeed, out laugh and out live them.
Jean Anouilh|Talent is a faucet. When it is on, one must write. Inspiration is a farce that poets have invented to give themselves importance.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When you committed to love me, cherish me, be only with me, protect my heart, I took all that literally. Silly me.
Stephen King|Well, how do we get out of this place?” Evyette’s voice shaking slightly.“We can’t.” If Kaleb felt any hopelessness he wasn’t conveying it. He looked around arduously, “Unless we find someone willing to help us.”“Oh well, that should not be a problem at all,” Tristan retorted throwing his hands up, “considering everything so far has tried to kill us!
Gregory Bateson|I can't talk about the education of black children if I ignored two of my nieces who were a couple of grade levels behind. I believe that charity begins at home, and I take seriously the role of a godfather to fill the gap when the parents aren't doing their job.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|If you feel like you have to have them for some reason, tell me and we'll take them out together. Promise?""If you promise not to tell the whole school about this.""I won't tell them anything. Deal?""Deal.""I think we should seal it."I gave a jittery laugh. "With a handshake?""I was thinking more like a kiss.
Miranda Otto|It's funny because being comedic and happy and lighthearted is who I am as a person, so they're easier emotions for me to connect with.
John F. Kennedy|The true test of a man's style is the haircut. There are some men who look good no matter how their hair is styled, whether it's trendy or not. A man can change his haircut many times, but to pull off any haircut, you have to be very chic. Like Brad Pitt.
Luigi Pirandello, Six Characters in Search of an Author|All weather is sin-related. Lust causes thunder, anger causes fog, and you don't want to know what causes dew.
Sue Detweiler, 9 Traits of a Life Giving Marriage: How to Build a Relationship That Lasts|To experience intimacy in marriage, both partners need to feel safe.
NOT A BOOK|Happiness is no luck, its decision a choice.
Mari Mancusi, Stake That|Once bitten, totally smitten.
Johnny Rich|Like all fiction, my lies are just my efforts to be truer than the truth.
Jamie L. Harding|Writing is about taking everyday observations, things which people see almost every day of their lives, and yet bringing it to their attention for the very first time.
Syed Murtaza Haroon|Was there a turn, a change in the atmosphere? To single out a particular moment is to distort the record, for it suggests a clear history of cause and effect that can only betray our sense of what really happened.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You do much worse things- you who can see to other planets."- Bertha, "The Father
Amar'e Stoudemire|New Year's Eve to Valentine's Day is our peak season, and in many ways, Valentine's Day is our Christmas. Everybody in the world makes the same three New Year's resolutions: health, career and money, and love.
Marcel Proust|Every truth has two sides; it is as well to look at both, before we commit ourselves to either.
Gabby Douglas|God exists since mathematics is consistent, and the Devil exists since we cannot prove it.
Alan Forrest Smith, Escape From Zoomanity|Of course a life of devastation can be re-created into a life of manifestation and wonderment. Zoomanity tells you, when you go through pain ,you must live a life around that story. This is part of their control. You got divorced… so what … You are a wonderful being, the life resurrection is real and possible. Let go of Zoomanity and feel your being
Alin Sav|Leadership, where happiness and work works.
Bill Jensen, Hacking Work: Breaking Stupid Rules for Smart Results|You have no idea how destructive and wasteful your infrastructure is because you don't need to use it the way the workforce does... Drive the forklift, use the database, fill out the form, submit it to HR, and find out how long it takes to get a response. Use your own infrastructure.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|All I could think as he was speaking was that, if he touched me at all, all the miles I’d walked, the pain I’d felt, the beauty I’d drunken like milk, like good wine making me happy, the four million steps I’d taken, would all add up to nothing. They’d be stolen.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Ian Brady was born Ian Duncan Stewart on 2 January 1938 in Glasgow, Scotland, he’s responsible for a series of murders that took place from 1962 until 1965 in Greater Manchester. Brady and Myra Hindley met in 1961, she was a 19-year-old typist, he was a 23-year-old stock clerk. By 1966, both were tried at Chester Assizes for multiple murder. The trial lasted 15 days; Brady and Hindley were convicted on 6 May 1966, sentenced to life imprisonment.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Pamela was beautiful, it was true, and I felt that submerged attraction to her that everyone felt for the beautiful.
Terry Pratchett, Diggers|That’s what being alive is, Thing! It’s being badly prepared for everything! Because you only get one chance, Thing!
Steve Almond, Rock and Roll Will Save Your Life: A Book by and for the Fanatics Among Us|It's like this when you fall hard for a musician. It's a crush with religious overtones. You listen to the songs and you memorize the words and the notes and this is a form of prayer. You attend the shows and this is the liturgy. You're interested in relics -- guitar picks, set lists, the sweaty napkin applied to His brow. You set up shrines in your room. It's not just about the music. It's about who you are when you listen to the music and who you wish to be and the way a particular song can bridge that gap, can make you feel the abrupt thrill of absolute faith.
Nadia Comaneci|Let him who expects one class of society to prosper in the highest degree, while the other is in distress, try whether one side; of the face can smile while the other is pinched.
Barbara O'Connor, Greetings from Nowhere|And then she got a bad, bad feeling because she realized she had been wrong.You can fool a person.You can fool a dog.You can fool a cat or a horse or a teacher or a friend.But you cannot ever fool a heart.
John Steinbeck|As I stood in the room looking at it for the last time, I felt again the cold metal of the handcuffs on my wrists and remembered the physical suffering and mental anguish I had endured while fighting with all the willpower and intellect God had given me for that rare and elusive thing in a Communist country called justice. Pg. 351
George Pelecanos|If the storytellers told it true, all stories would end in death.
John Clare, "I Am": The Selected Poetry of John Clare|I am—yet what I am none cares or knows; My friends forsake me like a memory lost: I am the self-consumer of my woes— They rise and vanish in oblivious host, Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes And yet I am, and live—like vapours tossed
Dada Bhagwan|Awareness’ will not arise where there is deceit along with self-pride (maan). If there is deceit with self-pride, then one can never see the self-pride.
Roy Smoothe|Your outcome is not necessarily decided by your income, but by your outlook. To improve your out look, look inwards.
Billy Collins|I think if a poet wanted to lead, he or she would want the message to be unequivocally clear and free of ambiguity. Whereas poetry is actually the home of ambiguity, ambivalence and uncertainty.
Charles Dudley Warner|I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds|I vowed after that day that I would be your hero too, no matter how long it took
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Love's mysteries in souls do grow,But yet the body is his book.
Auliq-Ice|Why the difference? We are one! Yes, we are one! We are one because we breathe the same air no matter where we go! Just as the fingers lean on the same hand for survival, so are we! God knew why He created the fingers with spaces! We are one! Let us not harm ourselves just because you don’t understand me and I don’t understand you! Let us miss misunderstanding, and we shall surely see that understanding! We are one! Just as the fingers come together to feed the same stomach that gives the hand they all stand on strength, so are we! When it is time for work, some of the fingers are very active and some stay dormant, but they all receive the same nutrient from the body! When it is time for thumbs-up, the thumb rises for the approval and glory and all other fingers come together in support of it! All the fingers have their own unique function that is vital for the good functioning of the hand! Let one finger get hurt, and you shall see how the others would never be comfortable! We are separated for a purpose, and we are one for a purpose! The glory of the thick forest is not in how the trees stand alone when you have a closer view, but how it looks so beautiful like a canopy from a distance! The difference is in how we see it! The difference is in how we understand it! Hello, we are one! The love of God is for all!
Sherry Thomas, My Beautiful Enemy|I cannot forgive you. That day, if you had not refused, I would have given you a present. I would have carved my love in stone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We ought to give each other, a chance to change.
Sumner Davenport|Never fear having your ideas stolen. Your creative idea is a image you are painting like a picture on a canvas, they may "steal" your idea, however they cannot steal your paints.
Elaine  White, The Cellist|Even after six years, he was still turned on by the bastard, still desperate to kiss his lips and see how it felt to kiss him into submission, until he saw him as more than a loser geek.He wanted to taste his tongue, to touch his abs and stroke his cock; do all the things that it was so wrong to want to do to him. Wrong because of Ben, because of his love for Ben,because he barely knew Jaxton, back then and now.What the hell was wrong with him?
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|When I tried to washthe ghosts from my head,what I washed away was my whole life instead.
Louise Mensch|I don't know what it's like to have a typical father figure. He's not the dad who's going to take me to the beach and go swimming, but he's such a motivational person.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|There is neither happiness nor misery in the world; there is only the comparison of one state with another, nothing more.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|These days there seems to be nowhere left to explore, at least on the land area of the Earth. Victims of their very success, the explorers now pretty much stay home.
Loren Weisman|Oftentimes in life, we can only determine our actions; not the outcome.
Sophocles|My happiness is not dictated on this business. Once I realized that, everything kind of changed.
Henry Allingham|I'm the son of a pediatrician, and I do believe that the most important resource we have is our kids. And I think the most important thing for America's future is to invest more in our children.
Xiao Hong, Selected Stories Of Xiao Hong|Soon the maroon-throated howls would echo back from the other trees, father down the beach, until the whole jungle filled with roaring trees. As it was in the beginning, so it is every morning of the world.
Michael Gungor, The Crowd, The Critic And The Muse: A Book For Creators|The more successful the work, the more people will step in to try to influence and manipulate the work for their own benefit.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I didn't know why I was going to cry, but I knew that if anybody spoke to me or looked at me too closely the tears would fly out of my eyes and the sobs would fly out of the throat and I'd cry for a week.
Malcolm X|I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it is for or against. I'm a human being, first and foremost, and as such I'm for whoever and whatever benefits humanity as a whole.
Ellen J. Barrier|Regardless of gender, one has to be willing to take what belongs and what has been promised, by not backing down and by not giving up. Never be willing to throw in the towel and accept defeat!
R. N. Prasher|Darkness is perhaps the only reality, the only truth, both of which have only one property; they are eternal. What we call light is a mere temporary absence of darkness, untruth, a mere temporary absence of truth. Vedas point to this absence by neti, neti; not this, not this. Both, darkness and truth overcome light and untruth and start becoming manifest, sooner or later, mostly sooner than later, once we believe and strive to experience. Sages, down the ages, have emphasised the learning path to The Truth; prevent light from entering your eyes by shutting them or sitting in a darker area, to make it easier. And a last word; there is no perfect darkness and no perfect truth. These, just two names for the same absence, are goals to which we may get ever closer, without reaching. And priests and scriptures make God so complicated!
Isaac Asimov, Prelude to Foundation|The Imperial forces must keep their hands off, but they find that they can do much even so. Each sector is encouraged to be suspicious of its neighbors. Within each sector, economic and social classes are encouraged to wage a kind of war with each other. The result is that all over Trantor it is impossible for the people to take united action. Everywhere, the people would rather fight each other than make a common stand against the central tyranny and the Empire rules without having to exert force.
Seth Dickinson, The Traitor Baru Cormorant|Money is only one kind of power. Faith is power, too. Love is power. Slaughter and madness are both roads to power. Certainly, symbols are power – you wear one wherever you go, that purse you carry. And you wear others when you decide to dress yourself, how to look at men and women, how to carry your body and direct your gaze. And all these symbols can raise people to labour or war.
Lionel Suggs|Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-imposed nonage. Nonage is the inability to use one's own understanding without another's guidance. This nonage is self-imposed if its cause lies not in lack of understanding but in indecision and lack of courage to use one's own mind without another's guidance. Dare to know! (Sapere aude.) "Have the courage to use your own understanding," is therefore the motto of the enlightenment.
C.S. Lewis, The Magician's Nephew|Personally, I'd prefer a guy who wants to see my boobs.
Ben Midland|Strive to be beyond what others perceive you to be, by striving beyond the limits of yourself.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|In short, the difference between you and your doctor is that he has a well-designed reputation and you do not.
Edmond Halley|I am in the present. I cannot know what tomorrow will bring forth. I can know only what the truth is for me today. That is what I am called upon to serve, and I serve it in all lucidity.
Mary Daly, Beyond God the Father: Toward a Philosophy of Women's Liberation|Another kind of transcendence myth has been dramatization of human life in terms of conflict and vindication. This focuses upon the situation of oppression and the struggle for liberation. It is a short-circuited transcendence when the struggle against oppression becomes an end in itself, the focal point of all meaning. There is an inherent contradiction in the idea that those devoted to a cause have found their whole meaning in the struggle, so that the desired victory becomes implicitly an undesirable meaninglessness. Such a truncated vision is one of the pitfalls of theologies of the oppressed. Sometimes black theology, for example that of James Cone, resounds with a cry for vengeance and is fiercely biblical and patriarchal. It transcends religion as a crutch (the separation and return of much old-fashioned Negro spirituality) but tends to settle for being religion as a gun. Tailored to fit only the situation of racial oppression, it inspires a will to vindication but leaves unexplored other dimensions of liberation. It does not get beyond the sexist models internalized by the self and controlling society — models that are at the root of racism and that perpetuate it. The Black God and the Black Messiah apparently are merely the same patriarchs after a pigmentation operation — their behavior unaltered.
Barbara Kruger|The truth is, we have this idea that late night is about creativity and being cool, but that's not our job. Our job is to get as many people watching the commercials in between our show. That's the reality of it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The reality of life and an imperfect world dictates that things cannot be held constant to guarantee your success; you have to wiggle your way through a planned path within a maze, to attain your goal.
Shannon L. Alder|Freedom found me the day I realized I was not bound to witchcraft. The FATHER was waiting, He was scanning the horizon for the day I would realize I could come home. And He ran to welcome me into His loving arms.
Knut Hamsun, Hunger|Conservatives say if you don't give the rich more money, they will lose their incentive to invest. As for the poor, they tell us they've lost all incentive because we've given them too much money.
Bill Murray|I'm a strong nonbeliever in the Christmas letter where you don't really read it because it's just full of kind of meaningless information. It doesn't really resonate to the person reading it, but it means so much to the person that wrote it.
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|Nothing like poetry when you lie awake at night. It keeps the old brain limber. It washes away the mud and sand that keeps on blocking up the bends.Like waves to make the pebbles dance on my old floors. And turn them into rubies and jacinths; or at any rate, good imitations.
Divya Prakash Dubey, Masala Chay|There is always someone better off than you, and there is always someone worse off than you.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|You're reacted to the fear, but you haven't ever faced it and put it into the fight perspective. You have to make up your mind to overcome it.
C.G. Jung|I speak and help some folks only because I believe they may be god in flesh, testing me for politeness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you find the greatest strength, the divine force.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Strength and victory... What he would never praise himself for, but whose loss was his most obsessive fear.
Sharon Salzberg|Distraction wastes our energy, concentration restores it.
Bruce Dickinson|First of all, plain and simple, you have no real idea of what it means to be famous until you become famous. It's a double-edged sword. Obviously there are a lot of amazing things about fame, but there are also a lot of challenging things about it.
Stevan L. Davies|I think that Gnosticism is about discovering the way that God has turned into you, and then realizing that if you can describe how it is that God turned into you, you can reverse the process.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|If love is what we are, then every human interaction is an opportunity to express ourselves.
Frida Kahlo|I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.
John Cantwell, Exit Wounds - One Australian's War On Terror|Extreme joy and extreme sorrow are indistinguishable beyond a certain point. ("Jane Brown's Body")
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|She was here and the world, for so long ugly and deformed, was all at once itself again. She was taking a glass of sweet wine from one of the waiters. She was smiling. She was breathing. She was here. She was an island of such colossal importance within a sea of inconsequence that it seemed impossible the Ball was able to continue its empty existence.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Ingleside|Some are born old maids, some achieve old maidenhood, and some have old maidenhood thrust upon them ," parodied Miss Lavendar whimsically.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Because, good God, Lily Wellstone had the face of an angel, the body of a goddess, and the spirit of the devil glinting from her eyes. She was a woman worth losing his soul for.
Chanakya|Money may not buy happiness, but it can damn well give it!
Janette Rallison, My Fair Godmother|Don’t worry, though, because Prince Hubert is very handsome and kind. That’s all you wanted in a boyfriend, wasn’t it?”“No,” I said.She raised an eyebrow. “It must be. If you had admired any other qualities you would have developed them in yourself, wouldn’t you?”Which was really too much. I put my hands on my hips. “Aren’t fairy godmothers supposed to be nice and make you feel better about yourself?”She rolled her eyes. “No, you’re confusing fairy god- mothers with sales clerks.
Helmut Jahn|A city building, you experience when you walk; a suburban building, you experience when you drive.
Elbert Hubbard|After a century of trying, we declared that healthcare in America is not a privilege for a few, it is a right for everybody. After decades of talk, we finally began to wean ourselves off foreign oil. We doubled our production of clean energy. We brought more of our troops home to their families, and we delivered justice to Osama bin Laden.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|Studying the rule of law won't make a great litigator. It is the act of trying cases in real courtrooms with real plaintiffs and defendants and judges and juries, week after week and year after year that develops lawyers into top trial attorneys.
Rachel Caine, Firestorm|You're dead," I repeated. "So why are you in my dream?"He raised the bill of his olive drab ball cap with one finger. " Good question. Morbid, isn't it?""What?""Dreaming about dead peolpe. Creepy. You ever see a therapist about that?""I'm not -" Even in dreams, I couldn't win an argument. Even when he was dead.
Lea Thompson|Truth is like the sun. You can shut it out for a time, but it ain't goin' away.
Michael Shnayerson|All identity labels are umbrella terms to some degree, but this term 'bisexual' is not only serviceable, but it is sufficient. And yes, it brings together a bunch of people who are maybe shades different from one another. And maybe that's the beauty of labels: that they force you to be with other people and see the difference.
Courtney Giardina, Tear Stained Beaches|You see, in every story, it’s not about the ending. It’s about the chapters in between and how you make it through them
Werley Nortreus|When a female cop pull you over for speeding, to get out of the ticket, talk nice to her, try to flirt or start crying, i bet she will save the ticket for you.
Wasif Ali Wasif, Dil Darya Samandar / دل دریا سمندر|We wish to become one thing or another, rather we wish to become everything and in this pursuit of becoming everything we only end up becoming idiots.
Kingfisher Pink, The Whole Beast|She found Diana’s room. Diana was sitting in her bed using a remote control to idly flip through the channels on the wall-mounted TV.“You,” Diana said by way of greeting.“Me,” Astrid said.“Can’t believe it,” Diana said. “All this time. And there’s still nothing on.”Astrid laughed and lowered herself slowly into a chair. “You know how they say hospital food is so awful? Somehow I’m not having that reaction.”“Tapioca beats rat,” Diana said.“I never minded rat as much as that dog jerky we were getting for a while. The stuff Albert had them flavor with celery salt? That was the culinary low point for me.”“Yeah, well, I had a lower low point,” Diana said, sounding angry. Or maybe not angry, maybe hurt.Astrid put a hand on Diana’s arm, and Diana did not shake it off.
Doug "Ten" Rose, Fearless Puppy on American Road|A person needs a basic trust of life and humanity in order to allow all this to happen, to believe more in human goodness than he or she fears its evil. This person has to trust that most people are good people—and also trust that this isn't an axe-murderer. Trust in one's own intuition as well as humanity’s character is also a must. Most of what is wrong with Earthfolks has to do with fear.
Rumiko Takahashi|In the hearts of men lies both good and evil. The two coexist. Some men become good, and others become evil. It is the way of this world.-Kikyo
Emem Uko|When you had the dream, it looked big. So why quit when it's still small?
Judah Smith, Jesus Is: Find a New Way to Be Human|We spend so much time trying to put send to death that we don't spend enough time striving to know God deeply, trying to gaze upon the wonder of Jesus Christ and have that transform our affections to the point where our love and hope are steadfastly on Christ.
Joni Eareckson Tada, A Place of Healing: Wrestling with the Mysteries of Suffering, Pain, and God's Sovereignty|He has chosen not to heal me, but to hold me. The more intense the pain, the closer His embrace.
Marianne Williamson, Illuminata: A Return to Prayer|There are times to listen to the people that believe in you during those days you don't believe in yourself. Sometimes you look in the mirror and it's fogged up; the person looking back a blurred image, but those folks that know you and love you see the real you. Sometimes you have to trust the ones that are there for you in your darkest times to find out how much light exists in you. God bless you.
Robert Tew|There's always something coming. Good or bad, it's going to force you to grow.
Rafael Sabatini|Chris. What do you want, child?"I sighed and walked another three steps forward. I stared into his eyes and spoke the one word that terrified him, "Democracy.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|You're kidding, right?" Shane asked. "You don't need caffeine. You need sleep." He held out the last cup, and Claire realized she'd been wrong; there was someone else in the shadows. Deeper in the shadows even than Oliver had been.Myrnin.He looked completely different to her now, and not just because he wasn't crazy anymore. He'd remembered how to dress himself, for one thing; gone were the costume coats and Mardi Gras beads and flip-flops. He had on a gray knit shirt, black pants, and a jacket that looked a bit out of period, but not as much as before.All clean. He even had shoes on."Yes, you must sleep," he agreed, as he accepted the cup and tried the coffee. "I've gone to far too much trouble to train up another apprentice at this late date. We have work to do, Claire. Good, hard work. Some of it may even earn you accolades, once you leave Morganville."She smiled slowly. "You'll never let me leave."Myrnin's dark eyes fixed on hers. "Maybe I will," he said. "But you must give me at least a few more years, my friend. I have a great deal to learn from you, and I am a very slow learner.
John Dewey, Democracy and Education|We rarely recognize the extent in which our conscious estimates of what is worth while and what is not, are due to standards of which we are not conscious at all. But in general it may be said that the things which we take for granted without inquiry or reflection are just the things which determine our conscious thinking and decide our conclusions.
Clarence Darrow|The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead.
Michele Weber Hurwitz, The Summer I Saved the World . . . in 65 Days|Sometimes we called one another by our future doctor names. We did it partly to be funny, but mostly because we liked it when people did it back to us.
Albert Schweitzer|Joy, sorrow, tears, lamentation, laughter -- to all these music gives voice, but in such a way that we are transported from the world of unrest to a world of peace, and see reality in a new way, as if we were sitting by a mountain lake and contemplating hills and woods and clouds in the tranquil and fathomless water.
John Perry Barlow|They seem to have forgotten that, and are back saying the only purpose of P2P networks is for illegal trading of owned goods. We claim part of the reason for P2P is for legal trading of what ought to be in public domain. And what is in public domain in many cases.
Denis Leary|The Swedish Christmas is definitely unique, even throughout Scandinavia. Like Christmas everywhere, it's a very family-centered holiday.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|...the morning with the whole day waiting,full of promise,the nightof quiet, of no expectations, of rest.And the certainty of home, the one I live in,and the onethat lives in me.
Elizabeth George|To last, a marriage and family must be built on love—love for God, and love for one another.
Eileen Anglin|God works through angels, people, nature and animals.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|I have a pretty large experience of boys, and you're a bad set of fellows. Now mind!
Elizabeth Chandler, The Back Door of Midnight|Actually, I came because I have a last-minute invitation. My friend Erika Gill is having a big party tomorrow night, one of those all-out birthday bashes that girls like. Want to go?"----------------------------------------"No. Sorry.""Since it's a catered thing, at a restaurant, I'll pick you up at- what did you say?""I'm sorry. I can't do it."----------------------------------------"You're busy?""I just can't do it," I said.
Anthony Liccione|What is the likelihood, of winning the lottery, then lose it all the next day when you step out your front door and get struck by lightning? Probably, very slim, but then anything is possible.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Percy tried to remember. He really did. For some reason, Annabeth and he had visited a spa and decided to destroy it. He couldn't imagine why. Maybe they hadn't like the deep-tissue massage? Maybe they'd gotten bad manicures?
Dani Hedlund|We made the choice, right there in our local coffee shop, that we were going to do things differently. We were going to put the story first, no matter where that led us. We’d open ourselves up to all genres, all forms. We’d publish works that stayed with us in an intangible way, long after that last page is turned.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Night Bookmobile|Have you ever found your heart's desire and then lost it? I had seen myself, a portrait of myself as a reader. My childhood: days home sick from school reading Nancy Drew, forbidden books read secretively late at night. Teenage years reading -trying to read- books I'd heard were important, Naked Lunch, and The Fountainhead, Ulysses and Women in Love... It was as though I had dreamt the perfect lover, who vanished as I woke, leaving me pining and surly.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|There is still a popular fantasy, long since disproved by both psychoanalysis and science, and never believed by any poet or mystic, that it is possible to have a thought without a feeling. It isn't. When we are objective we are subjective too. When we are neutral we are involved. When we say ‘I think’ we don't leave our emotions outside the door. To tell someone not to be emotional is to tell them to be dead.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|As a sign of utmost gratitude for his contributions to the Indian society in restoring equal rights of the citizens, I confer him (B.R. Ambedkar) the title “Martin Luther King Jr. of India.
Conn Iggulden, The Gates of Rome|Once again discovered: Do what you do because you enjoy. If expect others to give credit or honor your work, you are due for disappointment
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Always listen to your conscience. If your conscience conflicts with your faith, question everything. You discover your true faith when you start flowing with your conscience. After lessons, visions, and theories validate themselves to you, you begin to build faith in that hypothesis/feeling/idea that originated from your own heart and mind -- not that of others. Before you submit to any one religion, create your own first and then find out which one out there resonates closest with the one already in your heart.
Viggo Mortensen|For exercise, I now run with my chocolate Lab puppy, Oscar.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Remember, Little Ones, everything is not important all the time. Only living is important all the time. Not things. Not money. Not more things and more endless money. Spend well the quality of your time. And yes, be greedy with your hours. If only to then give those hours away as the most precious gifts you have to offer to yourself, your family, and your friends. And yes, to my Little Ones.” –From The Legacy Letters–“The Everything and Nothing of Money.
Yvonne Nicolas, Rock Star Lover|Each of us is allowed to revel in our own desires, no matter how dark or depraved they may seem; for we are the only ones that know what lies within our own imagination. Inside these erotic visions there is no shame -- only pleasure. It is a chance to dip a toe into something that may have only ever seemed a fleeting thought.
Tessa Taylar|We stand on the shores of a Mystery, carried by the beauty of the horizon into fantasy that gives birth to our reality. So live like each moment is filled with gold.
Anatole France|For most of us, fidelity is faithfulness to an obligation, trust, or duty. For the men and women of the FBI, fidelity also means fidelity to country. It means fidelity to justice and the law, fidelity to the Constitution, fidelity to equality and liberty.
Fannie Flagg|At age three, if you have a still-growing brain, it's a human behavior. In chimps, by age three, the brain is formed over 90 percent. That's why they can cope with their environment very easily after birth - faster than us, anyway. But in humans, we continue to grow our brains. That's why we need care from our parents.
Ash Gray, The Harvest|Let you alone! That's all very well, but how can I leave myself alone ? We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|This was the sickness of the age, the revolutionary madness of the epoch. In thought everyone was different from his words and outward show. No one had a clear conscience. Each with good reason could feel himself guilty, a secret criminal, an unexposed deceiver.
Margaret Mahy, The Changeover|I'm afraid it's not nonsense," Genghis said, shaking his turbaned head and continuing his story. "As I was saying before the little girl interrupted me, the baby didn't dash off with the other orphans. She just sat there like a sack of flour. So I walked over to her and gave her a kick to get her moving.""Excellent idea!" Nero said. "What a wonderful story this is! And then what happened?""Well, at first it seemed like I'd kicked a big hole in the baby," Genghis said, his eyes shining, "which seemed lucky, because Sunny was a terrible athlete and it would have been a blessing to put her out of her misery."Nero clapped his hands. "I know just what you mean, Genghis," he said. "She's a terrible secretary as well.""But she did all that stapling," Mr. Remora protested. "Shut up and let the coach finish his story," Nero said."But when I looked down," Genghis continued, "I saw that I hadn't kicked a hole in a baby. I'd kicked a hole in a bag of flour! I'd been tricked!""That's terrible!" Nero cried.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|I know i don't get the happily ever after. My knight and shinning armor took the highway detour around this godforsaken shit hole. I've made peace with that. That doesn't mean i'm going to lie down like a doormat and let every cocky prick in the trailer have his way with me." - White Trash Beautiful
David Foster Wallace|Fame is foolish, it is pointless, meaningless. Even if the whole world knows you, how does it make you richer? How does it make your life more blissful? How does it help you to be more understanding, to be more aware? To be more alert, to be more alive?
Caroline George, The Vestige|There comes a moment when we must choose how we’re going to love someone. Some forms of love leave a sweet memory once they’re gone, others leave scars. But there are forms that when stolen, destroy part of who we are—love that transforms us.
Dominic Riccitello|Sometimes he does talk back, but sometimes he doesn’t. Sometimes he’s not there; and from time to time I believe this was all nothing but imaginary.
ejump - 2017|Giving away the very last peace of our heart is foolish! But if we keep it to ourselves might be selfish as well...so i think we should stay committed to the decisions and be flexible in our approach for a better result (Ejump,2017)
Golda Poretsky|Assist your Muslim brother, whether he be an oppressor or oppressed. "Bu how shall we doit when he is an oppressor?" enquired a companion. Muhammad replied, "Assisting an oppressor by forbidding and witholding him from oppression.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|In town, there's a tiny beach that's never busy, not even in the summer.I used to like walking there, looking for stuff.Like old fireworks.Or kelp.A hat knocked off someone's head by the wind. You basically never find what you were expecting to.And maybe you weren't expecting to find anything right from the start...
Mother Teresa|I have found the paradox that if I love until it hurts, then there is no hurt, but only more love.
Fiona Apple|When you're surrounded by all these people, it can be lonelier than when you're by yourself. You can be in a huge crowd, but if you don't feel like you can trust anyone or talk to anybody, you feel like you're really alone.
Steven Seagal|Seeing that our thirst was increasing and the water was killing us, while the storm did not abate, we agreed to trust to God, Our Lord, and rather risk the perils of the sea than wait there for certain death from thirst.
Francis A. Schaeffer|No. See, when you throw up you're vomiting, but when you throw down you're starting a fight, as in throwing down the gauntlet.""Ohhhh," he said. "I thought you were speaking literally.""I do beg your pardon. Let's literally throw up, but figuratively throw down.
Kathryn Butler|In this work against sickness, we begin not with genetic or cellular interactions, but with human ones. They are what make medicine so complex and fascinating.
Deyth Banger|Horror is like the humor, the one without the other can't exist. Horror makes life more interesting like the humor!
Edmund Burke|Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society; and any eminent departure from it, under any circumstances, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all.
Maren Morris|The Infinite cannot be measured. The plan of Nature is so immense, but she has no plan, no scheme, but to go on and on forever. What is size, what is time, distance, to the Infinite? Nothing. The Infinite knows no time, no space, no great, no small, no beginning, no end.
Mikkel Wallentin|...empathy is the driving force behind the experience of emotions in narratives (Keen, 2006; Mar et al., 2006; Oatley, 2011).
Carolyn G. Heilbrun|Marriage, in short, is a bargain, like buying a house or entering a profession. One chooses it knowing that, by that very decision, one is abnegating other possibilities. In choosing companionship over passion, women like Beatrice Webb and Virginia Woolf made a bargain; their marriages worked because they did not regret their bargains, or blame their husbands for not being something else--dashing lovers, for example. But in writing biographies, or one's own life, it is both customary and misleading to present such marriages, to oneself or to one's reader, as sad compromises, the best of a bad bargain, or scarcely to speak of them at all. Virginia Woolf mentioned that she, who is reticent about nothing, had never spoken of her life with Leonard. but we know that she said of him that when he entered a room, she had no idea what he was going to say, a remarkable definition of a good marriage. Such marriages are not bad bargains, but the best of a good bargain, and we must learn the language to understand and describe them, particularly in writing the lives of accomplished women.
Anthony T. Hincks|When I become God, I'm going to put stars in everyone's eyes; rainbows in everyone's life;love into everyone's heart and a smile on everyone's face.
Laura McHugh, The Weight of Blood|For a moment she knew exactly what he was thinking, not just about Tom, but about her, and himself, and all of life, and she liked the way he saw things. She could spend her life tuning into the calming frequency of his thoughts.He wasn't a stiff, and he wasn't a weakling either. What was the word for it? Sensitive was the only one that came to mind, amazing as that was to consider; he was a sensitive man. He soaked up whatever you gave him.
C. JoyBell C.|The primary thing that people are going to try to take away from you— is the purity of your happiness. Rare is it to find in someone a pure happiness. A happiness so innocent, so spontaneous and so raw... it is the way we are born but it is most often not the way that we die. The world comes in and tries to take that away from you. People come in and try to take that away from you. I have learned not to jump into the pigsty with them. You have to protect the purity of your happiness and the innocence of your joy. People WILL try to take it away. Don't go there, don't let them. Keep what is yours.
Aram Saroyan, Complete Minimal Poems|Your daily war chant: ( screaming it is mandatory! )Ooooooooh today, today I will see,what a happy place the world can be!I will make someone smile,refuse to being vile!I will share what I love,take someone high above,in the sky, between the cloudswith joyful shouts!Today, today even you will see,What a happy place the world can be!Make it happen, enjoy your day,Remember it is a temporary stay,here on earth, this single hour,today I give my love a flower!YEAAAAAH! Today I kick life’s behind,making good what is unkind!Making smile who is not grinning!And this is only the beginning!Today.I.am. AAAAAAALIVEE!
Scarlett Avery|Of course, fingers are one thing. A cock is quite another.
Jane Goodall|I'm just a normal person. It's not like I come home and think about opera. My thoughts are about completely other things. Shoes! Dresses! Expensive ones: with a pretty silhouette, beautiful fabrics.
Geoffrey Wood|Too many of us view liberty as something that ‘just is,’ and too few see it as something that ‘is’ only because someone, somewhere was faced with the formidable reality that to keep liberty meant paying a stiff price.
Mick Jagger|I have lived nearly fifty years, and I have seen life as it is. Pain, misery, hunger ... cruelty beyond belief. I have heard the singing from taverns and the moans from bundles of filth on the streets. I have been a soldier and seen my comrades fall in battle ... or die more slowly under the lash in Africa. I have held them in my arms at the final moment. These were men who saw life as it is, yet they died despairing. No glory, no gallant last words ... only their eyes filled with confusion, whimpering the question, "Why?"I do not think they asked why they were dying, but why they had lived. When life itself seems lunatic, who knows where madness lies? Perhaps to be too practical is madness. To surrender dreams — this may be madness. To seek treasure where there is only trash. Too much sanity may be madness — and maddest of all: to see life as it is, and not as it should be!
Julio Pereira, THOUGHTS FROM THE HOSPITAL: 1|What medicines do not heal, the lance will; what the lance does not heal, fire will.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There are times in life when the best part of our life and the worst part seemingly coincide, especially those periods that demark commencement of significant personal transformation.
Chuck Norris|Men are like steel. When they lose their temper, they lose their worth.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every person’s story contains chapters of pain and loss, victory and defeat, love and hate, pride and prejudice, courage and fear, faith and self-distrust, charity and kindness, selfishness and jealously. Every person’s story also contains folios of hopefulness and truthfulness, deceit and despair, action and change, passion and compassion, excitement and boredom, birth and creation, mutation and defect, generation and preservation, delusions and illusions, imagination and fantasy, bafflement and puzzlement. What makes a person’s selfsame story unique is how he or she organizes the pure and impure forces that comprise them, how they respond to internal and external crisis, if they act in a safeguarding and humble manner, or lead a self-seeking and destructive existence.
B.A. Gabrielle|Don't be afraid of your own imagination. No matter what you write, there's always someone out there who will appreciate it.
Aldous Huxley, Crome Yellow|Religion should be subject to commonsense appraisal and rational review, as openly discussible as, say, politics, art and the weather. The First Amendment, we should recall, forbids Congress both from establishing laws designating a state religion and from abridging freedom of speech. There is no reason why we should shy away from speaking freely about religion, no reason why it should be thought impolite to debate it, especially when, as so often happens, religious folk bring it up on their own and try to impose it on others.
Ahmed Ali Anjum, Talking Pillow|The Women Who Can Wait For Her ManTill Dawn, Without Any Argument,Are Priceless.
Aaron Overfield, Veil|Veil wouldn’t make his military invincible, but it would render every other military indefensible. Veil was it. Game over, fuckholes.
Brooke Warra|One evening, after a particularly terrible row, the prince smashed his princess over the head with an old wooden clock and she tumbled to the floor, dead.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|What one person calls miracle, I call nature.
Sharon K. Garner, Pele's Tears|And suddenly, there were the shapes of many people lurking out of the woods, light glowing from their hands.
Robert Jordan, Knife of Dreams|There is some delight in ale and wineAnd some in girls with ankles fineBut my delight, yes always mineIs to dance with Jak O’ the ShadowsWe will toss the dice however they fallAnd snuggle the girls be they short or tallThen follow Lord Mat whenever he callsTo dance with Jak O’ the Shadows.
John Greenleaf Whittier|Nigeria has no business with poverty. With our human and material resources, we shall strive to eradicate poverty from our country.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|Hugging himself, Oscar leaned against the pantry wall. For two days all he had wanted was for Caleb to come back, and now he was back and Oscar had made a mess of things: he had angered half the customers and confused the other half, and the coin boxes did not look as they should, and [rich, noble] people were complaining about him, and he couldn't look at anybody, and [redacted] was dead, and Oscar was odd.'What if he doesn't keep me?
Henry Ford|Obstacles are necessary for success because in selling, as in all careers of importance, victory comes only after many struggles and countless defeats.
Simon Schama|I think my politics are just inclined to be empathetic and humanistic. I grew up with so many different kinds of people with different politics, different religion, no religion, no politics, education, no education, and I was infatuated with all of them.
Eddie Izzard|There is among us a far closer relationship than the purely social one of a fraternal organization because we are bound together not only by a single interest but by a common goal. To win. Nothing else matters, and nothing else will do.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|Temper is a valuable possession,Never lose it with your obsession,The best way to win a fight,- Do not be mad – it’s not right.Temper is the strength of all,Distemper – weakness and fall,Tempered steel – strong and grit,Distempered iron – weak and brit.
Mallory Perkins, Cathexis|Forgiveness was a mere noun; a fleeting concept of little importance in the grand scheme of written and spoken language, and was thereby spilt freely like cheap, overabundant wine without consequence. Yet forgive was a verb and in turn held far more potency; an action that must be genuine and consciously performed without reservation in order to fully embody the idea behind it. It was both a plea and an affirmation that could only be acknowledged as obtainable through the mutual contract of expression and acceptance between two parties of equal understanding. Enacting forgiveness was and always would be more difficult than simply declaring that the concept itself existed, and the irreversible condition of the human heart would forever ensure that such disparity would remain fact.
Jordan Hoechlin|I'd like to go with you, but I wanna stay home with you
Cindy C. Bennett, Geek Girl|Forget it,” I said. “Opie could be bloodthirsty, rabid, radioactive, and selling life insurance and he’d still be preferable to listening to the two of you.
Clifton Fadiman|You and I may look at a banana and see a banana. If forced to come up with something more inventive to do with it, perhaps we'd mash it up, or maybe we'd dip it in chocolate, and say 'What a good boy am I.
Simone Elkeles, Chain Reaction|I love you Bonnie. So much that I hurt with it. And I hate it, and I love it, and I want it to go away, and i want it to stay forever....
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|If, living in the world, you refuse to be a part of it, you will help others out of this chaos - not in the future, not tomorrow, but now.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|When we work with love we renew the spirit; that renewal is an act of self-love, it nurtures our growth. It's not what you do but how you do it.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|Catelyn wanted to run to him, to kiss his sweet brow, to wrap him in her arms so tightly that he would never come to harm....
Vincent McNabb|I've been interested in the idea of forgiveness and the necessity of it. I think of it as the most critical piece of any relationship, whether that be business, or romantic, or familial. We fail each other. We make mistakes. If we contract to go on after those mistakes, forgiveness is involved. Forgiveness is required.
Marquis de Sade|There is no doubt that breath control is the means for mind control because the mind, like breath, is a part of air; because the nature of mobility is common to both; because the place of origin is the same for both; and because when one of them is controlled, the other gets controlled.
Allison Sipe, Soothsayer: Magic Is All Around Us|My body felt heavy. It grew harder to thrash around, to move at all. I opened my mouth to scream again but no sound came from my blood-soaked lips. My eyelids fluttered closed and the world disappeared around me as I took the last few breath of my life.
Giacomo Casanova|We ourselve are the authors of almost all our woes and griefs, of which we so unreasonably complain.
Sully Tarnish, The Dragon and the Apprentice: A Wizard's Wager|When I look at my bookcase and see the books upon the shelves, I think to myself, There is a God.
Anaïs Nin, Delta of Venus|Even when they did not look at each other or speak to each other, he could feel a powerful current between them.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|A moment later, he plopped down on the sand beside her, and when they accidentally touched, Gabby had the briefest flash of them sitting together just like this on a hundred different weekends in the future.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|There are a lot of things in life other than having sex, but none of them worth wasting a minute.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing is more important than you,so don't fear or feel stress, whatever you do.
Mao Zedong|Life teaches you that you need to make decisions in the right time - not too early, not too late.
Eileen Myles, Inferno|When you share feelings with someone, or secrets, it adds a layer of complexity to even the simplest things.
Ted Magnuson, The Bouchard Legacy|Some years ago I read a book that brought Einstein's theory of relativity down to an eighth grade level. This convinced me that any subject can be made easy. In other words, always beware of anyone who tells you a topic is above you or better left to experts. This person may, for some reason, be trying to shut you out. You CAN understand almost anything.
Plutarch|I mean, it's one thing saying you've got the best god, but sayin' it's the only real one is a bit of a cheek, in my opinion. I know where I can find at least two any day of the week. And they say everyone starts out bad and only gets good by believin' in Om, which is frankly damn nonsense.
Pamela Jekel|Under the Slavery Abolition Act 1833 emancipating the enslaved in most of Britain’s colonies, the British state agreed to pay £20 million compensation to slave owners and other beneficiaries of slavery such as mortgagees and annuitants who had financial claims secured on the enslaved.
L.J. Smith, Secret Vampire|While I thought that I was learning how to live, I’ve been learning how to die.
Franz Kafka|Don't bend; don't water it down; don't try to make it logical; don't edit your own soul according to the fashion. Rather, follow your most intense obsessions mercilessly.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|And now we come to the Heart of our Designe: the art of Shaddowes you must know well, Walter, and you must be instructed how to Cast them with due Care. It is only the Darknesse that can give trew Forme to our Work and trew Perspective to our Fabrick, for there is no Light without Darknesse and no Substance without Shaddowe (and I turn this Thought over in my Mind: what Life is there which is not a Portmanteau of Shaddowes and Chimeras?). I build in the Day to bring News of the Night and of Sorrowe, I continued, and then I broke off for Walter's sake.
Jennifer Crusie, Agnes and the Hitman|You have to open up to the world and learn optimism...Contentment with the past, happiness with the present, and hope for the future. Learned optimisim.
Jenny O'Connell, The Book of Luke|[H]iding how you really feel and trying to make everyone happy doesn't make you nice, it just makes you a liar.
Bruce Lee|Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
Tupac Shakur|I know it seems hard sometimes but remember one thing. Through every dark night, there's a bright day after that. So no matter how hard it get, stick your chest out, keep ya head up.... and handle it.
Eva Heller, Beim nächsten Mann wird alles anders|This is torture, torture, torture.Why is this so hard?? I survived whole days not talking to you before. What happened???I'm not as nice in the world today. I am scowly. I am trying to be good and not fussy, but frankly, this is less fun. And I am getting grumpy about the prospect of many, many more days like this ahead.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want to shine like a sun, first burn like a sun.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|No matter how talented or skilled you are, you will never reach your full potential without expert guidance.
Joy Page|Coming to understand a painting or a symphony in an unfamiliar style, to recognize the work of an artist or school, to see or hear in new ways, is as cognitive an achievement as learning to read or write or add.
Eric Van Lustbader, First Daughter|Logic stems from the mind of man, therefore it's limited, it's flawed. Faith gives you hope, keeps you from despair. Faith is what picks you up and ensures you keep going. Logic keeps you lying facedown in the muck at your feet.
Alfred Russel Wallace|To expect the world to receive a new truth, or even an old truth, without challenging it, is to look for one of those miracles which do not occur.
Percy Sledge|My mother always, always, always thought that I was going to be famous. Thought that I was going to win Oscars. In fact, I believe I accepted the Oscar as a ketchup bottle many a time in front of my mother in the kitchen. 'I'd like to thank the Academy,' I said with a ketchup bottle.
Walter Burkert, Greek Religion|Her physical beauty had initially caught my attention, but it was her spirit that imprisoned my heart and soul forever. - Jonathan
Robert Frost|There is one thing more exasperating than a wife who can cook and won't, and that's a wife who can't cook and will.
John Safran, Depends What You Mean By Extremist|The wild things and places belong to all of us. So while I can't fix the bigger problems of race in the United States - can't suggest a means by which I, and others like me, will always feel safe - I can prescribe a solution in my own small corner. Get more people of color "out there." Turn oddities into commonplace. The presence of more black birders, wildlife biologists, hunters, hikers, and fisher-folk will say to others that we, too, appreciate the warble of a summer tanager, the incredible instincts of a whitetail buck, and the sound of wind in the tall pines. Our responsibility is to pass something on to those coming after. As young people of color reconnect with what so many of their ancestors knew - that our connections to the land run deep, like the taproots of mighty oaks; that the land renews and sustains us - maybe things will begin to change.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The evangelist cannot bring conviction of sin, righteousness, or judgment; that is the Spirit’s work. They cannot convert anyone; that is the Spirit’s work.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Make sure you work at a place which gives you opportunities to learn, travel, explore, interact with intellectuals and new work skills.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You may have access to the best information; you may build up the most positive attitude but, to get the wisest experience, your hands and legs must work!
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods|When you lose yourself in love, you find everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Sometimes, we must travel on the longest path to our sacred-destination.
Theodore Roosevelt|Here is your country. Cherish these natural wonders, cherish the natural resources, cherish the history and romance as a sacred heritage, for your children and your children's children. Do not let selfish men or greedy interests skin your country of its beauty, its riches or its romance.
Christopher Pike, Strange Girl|As much as you long for it, it longs for you more. Take one step toward the Big Person and it will take a hundred steps toward you.
Parker Palmer|Education is very important to me, as is helping children.
Christina Engela, Space Sucks!|Sunday is God's day, and he was committed to honoring it. Just because he was in Paris to compete in the Olympics didn't justify changing his lifelong commitment.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|Service is a promise that cannot be seen, touched, or felt through any of our external senses.
Mark R. Levin, Liberty and Tyranny: A Conservative Manifesto|If large numbers of people believe in freedom of speech, there will be freedom of speech, even if the law forbids it. But if public opinion is sluggish, inconvenient minorities will be persecuted, even if laws exist to protect them.
L. Ron Hubbard|But in Ward 9 the air had a real quality, it clamped itself over your face like a pad of cotton wool, soaked through with the sweet chloroform of utter sadness. - Ward 9
Stephen Grosz|When I'm in a couple, I feel I'm disappearing, dying - losing my mind.
Nina Bangs, The Pleasure Master|Colin: "1 dinna understand why we canna just go to bed and have sex." He looked truly puzzled.
Mary Stanton, Defending Angels|When you feel terribly angry, you're possessed by anger ghost.
T.A. Cline, Archomai|Don't be soo afraid to fall, that you don't even chase for success.
Charles Dickens|All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.
Brian Posehn|I think anger is a normal response to something horrible that someone has done, another human being has done, and to rob people of life, and that's actually healthy to have, to feel that. At some point you have to figure out, 'How do I let that go?'
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Already, though, she understood the difference between being a child and being an adult. The difference is when someone says he can keep the bad things away, a child believes him.
Debasish Mridha|I define my journey, I enjoy it too.
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is not enough to knock on successes' door; you have to knock hard enough. And if no one answers,either go through a window, or break down the door.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|. . . such a rush immediately ensued that she with laughing face and plundered dress was borne towards it the centre of a flushed and boisterous group, just in time to greet the father, who came home attended by a man laden with Christmas toys and presents. Then the shouting and the struggling, and the onslaught that was made on the defenceless porter! Then scaling him, with chairs for ladders, to dive into his pockets, despoil him of brown-paper parcels, hold on tight by his cravat, hug him round the neck, pommel his back and kick his legs in irrepressible affection! The shouts of wonder and delight with wich the development of every package was received! The terrible announcement that the baby had been taken in the act of putting a doll's frying-pan into his mouth, and was more than suspected of having swallowed a fictitious turkey, glued on a wooden platter! The immense relief of finding this false alarm! The joy, and gratitude, and ecstasy! They are indescribable alike. It is enough that by degrees the children and their emotions got out of the parlor, and by one stair at a time up to the top of the house; where they went to bed, and so subsided.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|I played God todayAnd it was fun!I made animals that men had never seenSo they would stop and scratch their headsInstead of scowling.I made words that men had never heardSo they would stop and stare at meInstead of running.And I made love that laughedSo men would giggle like childrenInstead of sighing.Tomorrow, perhaps, I won't be GodAnd you will know itBecause you won't see any three-headed catsOr bushes with bells on...I wish I could always play GodSo that lonely men could laugh!
Jason Bateman|I think anybody who's doing work in their teen years on TV or in the movies, you're a teen idol by default.
Thomas Hobbes|The act of birth is the first experience of anxiety, and thus the source and prototype of the affect of anxiety.
Ashok  Kallarakkal|Follow your passion; Do not get married to it, though.
Charles Hamilton Sorley, Marlborough and Other Poems|Turn your attentions to it. Try to raise up the sunken feelings of this enormous past; your personality will grow stronger, your solitude will expand and become a place where you can live in the twilight, where the noise of other people passes by, far in the distance.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|Fairies have to be one thing or the other, because being so small they unfortunately have room for one feeling only at a time.
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, The Indiscreet Letter|Why, I've been all over the world, I tell you, and fairly loafed and lolled in every conceivable sort of ease and luxury, but the Soul of me—the wild, restless, breathless, discontented soul of me—never sat down before in all its life—I say, until my frightened hand cuddled into his broken one. I tell you I don't pretend to explain it, I don't pretend to account for it; all I know is—that smothering there under all that horrible wreckage and everything—the instant my hand went home to his, the most absolute sense of serenity and contentment went over me.
Swaraj Priyadarshi|Feeling low is normal, or sometimes, healthy. A lot of great things this world has witnessed were kickstarted by men when they felt low.
Charlie Chaplin|I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
James Patterson|There are honest people in the world, but only because the devil considers their asking prices ridiculous.
Lisa Kessler, Lure of Obsession|The Order of the Titans had agreed with his assessment. This generation, the Order would be successful where previous generations had failed, because this time they would steal mankind's inspiration. They would kill the muses for the greater good....	For the good of mankind.
Barry Gifford, Perdita Durango|I gave him everything from my lunches I hate, which is called Charity.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|I recognized my work for what it was--as unimportant a drug as cigarettes to get one through the weeks and years. If we are extinguished by death, as I still try to believe, what point is there in leaving some books behind any more than bottles, clothes, or cheap jewellry?
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|Don't give up all your romance, Anne," he whispered shyly, "a little bit is a good thing - not too much, of course, but keep a little of it, Anne, keep a little of it.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t wait for others to celebrate you, learn to do it yourself.
Tom Felton|I try to look cool. I strategize. Sometimes it's like - that's part of the strategizing, to make it seem like I don't think about it.
Josh Shipp, The Teen's Guide to World Domination: Advice on Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Awesomeness|I will cut taxes - cut taxes - for 95 percent of all working families, because, in an economy like this, the last thing we should do is raise taxes on the middle class.
Kellie Thacker, Grace|Is it possible to love someone so completely, so intensely, they could never die? To give them more than just your heart or your soul? What if you could give then the miracle of immortality?
Lee Siegel, Net of Magic: Wonders and Deceptions in India|I'm writing a book on magic”, I explain, and I'm asked, “Real magic?” By real magic people mean miracles, thaumaturgical acts, and supernatural powers. “No”, I answer: “Conjuring tricks, not real magic”. Real magic, in other words, refers to the magic that is not real, while the magic that is real, that can actually be done, is not real magic.
Richard C. Armitage|When you get into the final week of the Tour de France, it becomes a different kind of race. As the distance and the fatigue really tell, that is when it becomes a proper test of everyone's fitness.
Sunday Adelaja|God goes ahead of a man who walks by faith, that is the beauty of faith
Mohnish Pabrai|Looking back, I didn't have the patience to work in fashion. I like women so much, but I was never qualified to torture them in photo shoots. You have to be really tough and brutal.
Jimmy Chin|I used to have a silk dressing gown an uncle bought in Japan and when I came downstairs in it, my dad used to call me Davinia. There was never embarrassment about that kind of thing. My sister used to dress me up a lot. She thought I was a little doll.
Mary Lydon Simonsen, The Perfect Bride for Mr. Darcy|‎I cannot alter the past, but the future is very much in my hands.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Our superintendence in instruction and discipline is the office of the Word, from whom we learn frugality and humility, and all that pertains to love of truth, love of humanity, and love of excellence. And so, in a word, being assimilated to God by participation in moral excellence, we must not retrograde into carelessness and sloth. But labor, and faint not.
Ismail Haniyeh|Of course I would never compare myself to someone who actually went through a war, but I definitely matured shooting 'The Pacific.' I'm more calm and I have more patience.
Pico Iyer|I think writing is really about a journey of understanding. So you take something that seems very far away, and the more you write about it, the more you travel into it, and you see it from within.
Dan Millman|Money is the seed of money, and the first guinea is sometimes more difficult to acquire than the second million.
Karl Wiggins, Dogshit Saved My Life|Maxims of Ptahhotep spoke a lot of sense; 'Do not be arrogant because of your knowledge, but confer with the ignorant man as with the learned. Good speech is more hidden than malachite, yet it is found in the possession of women slaves at the millstones.' Now THAT I’ll give the green light to. The opinions, eloquence and articulacy of the man or woman on the street can often be as invaluable as precious stones.
David Brin|Why travel to the Moon or Mars if we only continue our wars there with Russia or China or Africa? Why build rockets at all? For fun? For adventure? Or is this the same process that sends the salmons back upstream year after year to spawn and die - a subliminal urge in mankind to spread, in self-preservation, to the stars? Are we then secretly fearful that one day the sun might freeze and the the earth grow cold or the sun explode in a terrific thermal cataclysm and burn down our house of cards?
Pawan Kalyan|That was always my frustration with so many of these shows, because design is not an ambush... it's a relationship. You have to know how people move and live and work to be able to design for them.
Martha Beck|I do a lot of biking. I need that mileage and the long-distance stuff because tennis demands it. My fitness trainer is always trying to convince me to do an Ironman. I can probably run the marathon, I can make the 112 miles on the bike, but I will never swim for 2.4 miles. I will die after 100 meters.
Diane Ackerman|I surround myself with positive, productive people of good will and decency.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Any negotiation has a limit. Otherwise, war is irrelevant.
Oivd|Suppressed grief suffocates, it rages within the breast, and is forced to multiply its strength.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Every Last Breath|Sometimes geniuses create nothing new, they organize already existing material into something completely useful in other ways
Arthur Miller|I was once, I am, and I will always be my children’s father. As to those individuals who have tried so desperately to destroy the fact, I offer forgiveness and seekreconciliation. As to the institutions that have supported the effort to destroy the fact, I pray that: Lady Justice will seek the truth rather than excuse it; and that she will extol the American family rather than destroy it.
Shoeburn Ruffet, Shoeburn and The Ill-Fitting Necklace|My attention was like cooking butter, not spreadable at the best of times. And when it was spreadable, it could destroy your toast by setting it ablaze. I was unpredictable, even to myself.
Robin Hobb|A woman of many talents. And intelligent, too. He'd probably have to kill her soon.
Leslye Walton, A Tyranny of Petticoats|I’m evolving, is the thing; I’m a god becoming a constellation.’‘The constellations are mostly demigods,’ I point out. ‘And they didn’t get to be constellations until after they died.’He laughs at that, and says, ‘Death is a small sacrifice to become immortal.
Debasish Mridha|I am always happy to meet my friend, and my friend is my weekend.
Emeli Sande|I hope people will say, 'Mr. Valentino, he did something for fashion, no?'
Sam Harris, Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion|Twenty percent of Americans describe themselves as “spiritual but not religious.” Although the claim seems to annoy believers and atheists equally, separating spirituality from religion is a perfectly reasonable thing to do. It is to assert two important truths simultaneously: Our world is dangerously riven by religious doctrines that all educated people should condemn, and yet there is more to understanding the human condition than science and secular culture generally admit. One purpose of this book is to give both these convictions intellectual and empirical support.Before going any further, I should address the animosity that many readers feel toward the term spiritual. Whenever I use the word, as in referring to meditation as a “spiritual practice,” I hear from fellow skeptics and atheists who think that I have committed a grievous error.The word spirit comes from the Latin spiritus, which is a translation of the Greek pneuma, meaning “breath.” Around the thirteenth century, the term became entangled with beliefs about immaterial souls, supernatural beings, ghosts, and so forth. It acquired other meanings as well: We speak of the spirit of a thing as its most essential principle or of certain volatile substances and liquors as spirits. Nevertheless, many nonbelievers now consider all things “spiritual” to be contaminated by medieval superstition.I do not share their semantic concerns.[1] Yes, to walk the aisles of any “spiritual” bookstore is to confront the yearning and credulity of our species by the yard, but there is no other term—apart from the even more problematic mystical or the more restrictive contemplative—with which to discuss the efforts people make, through meditation, psychedelics, or other means, to fully bring their minds into the present or to induce nonordinary states of consciousness. And no other word links this spectrum of experience to our ethical lives.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I believe in beauty. I believe in goodness. I believe in the power of turning: the other cheek, time, curve of the earth.
Sunday Adelaja|Time is a running factor; once it goes, it cannot be reclaimed
Deyth Banger|Why people become writers??It's logical, they don't have what to do and they are bored and they want to show people a new world. So they create it!Why people watch films??Because they want to feel the taste of the reality!Everything is logical, think before you ask!
Amy Andrews, Playing the Player|Probably just as well. Maybe with all that testosterone walking out the door, the insane urge to hump Lincoln Quinn’s leg would walk right out as well. Because that was exactly how she felt every time she looked at him.Like she was in heat.Within minutes, the restaurant had emptied out to only a few non-team wedding guests. Her nemesis was nowhere to be seen, and Em congratulated herself on her self-control as she eased off the bar stool.Embarrassing leg-humping avoided—bravo!
Dave Eggers|[The long ride to Riyadh]When I first travelled, I was naive, sloppy, wide-eyed, and nothing happened to me. That’s probably where the dumb luck came in. Then I began to read the guidebooks, the State Department warnings, the endless elucidation of national norms, cultural cues and insults and regional dangers, and I became wary, careful, savvy. I kept my money taped inside my shoe, or strapped to my stomach. I took any kind of precaution, believing that the people of this area did this, and the people of that province did that. But then, finally, I realised no one of any region did anything I have ever expected them to do, much less anything the guidebooks said they would. Instead, they behaved as everyone behaves, which is to say they behave as individuals of damnably infinite possibility. Anyone could do anything, in theory, but most of the time everyone everywhere acts with plain bedrock decency, helping where help is needed, guiding where guidance is necessary. It’s almost weird.
Amy Koppelman, Hesitation Wounds|Resiliency, like a cartwheel, requires core strength and a disregard for gravity. Only one of which can be willed.
Janet Burroway, Writing Fiction: A Guide to Narrative Craft|Most writing is done between the mind and the hand, not between the hand and the page.
Chase Brooks, Hello, My Love 2: First Love Deserves a Second Chance|When someone cries so hard that it hurts their throat, it is out of frustration or knowing that no matter what you can do or attempt to do can change the situation. When you feel like you need to cry, when you want to just get it out, relieve some of the pressure from the inside - that is true pain. Because no matter how hard you try or how bad you want to, you can't. That pain just stays in place. Then, if you are lucky, one small tear may escape from those eyes that water constantly. That one tear, that tiny, salty, droplet of moisture is a means of escape. Although it's just a small tear, it is the heaviest thing in the world. And it doesn't do a damn thing to fix anything.
Stephen Fry, The Liar|Some jokes are stupid and useless, if you can't get it. It's to stupid to go in it, but whatever!- Make your choice!
Nihar Sharma, The Battlefield Flower|A good wife keeps you happy in bed, but a better wife keeps you happier even out of the bed.
Marty Rubin|Whatever we may be or not be to others, to ourselves we are always just ourselves.
Sarah J. Maas, Crown of Midnight|The lines of her face, turned up to the sky, would have broken your heart.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Love foods that sustain and protect you, and love you back.
Maria V. Snyder|Love is not what others feel about you,,,, its what feeling you share with others.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Death by Black Hole - And Other Cosmic Quandaries|While the Copernican principle comes with no guarantees that it will forever guide us to cosmic truths, it's worked quite well so far: not only is Earth not in the center of the solar system, but the solar system is not in the center of the Milky Way galaxy, the Milky Way galaxy is not in the center of the universe, and it may come to pass that our universe is just one of many that comprise a multiverse. And in case you're one of those people who thinks that the edge may be a special place, we are not at the edge of anything either.
Sophia Loren|You have to believe in marriage and you have to believe in a relationship between two people. If you really think in your life that you have found the right person, you have to stick to it, even though there are ups and downs. If you really believe in your union, you have to nourish it and work for it, then you can really spend your life together forever.
Steven Wright|If I'm paying money to come to see you, you shouldn't look like everybody else in the crowd.
Joni Mitchell|If there's one thing I really want for my birthday, that is for the mining company not to mine my daddy's reserve.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Where he comes from, the education he has received, his family history, his wealth, they matter not a jot, but the perception he conveys - that my, boy, is the key. If they believe he belongs - that he is part of the room - then he does, he is. And whichever room he is about to step into, then that is who he must become.
Peter Lindbergh|People are so fearful about opening themselves up. All you want to do is to be able to connect with other people. When you connect with other people, you connect with something in yourself. It makes you feel happy. And yet it's so scary - it makes people feel vulnerable and unsafe.
Debasish Mridha|Be brave enough to listen to your heart, be bold enough to hope for the best.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Beyond the mask she is witness to his glorious soul. Exposed to the elements, she warms her skin in his light and essence of being.
Max Berry|She was going to go home after this and sip red wine and stare at the wall, I could tell. She would wonder why she was doing this, struggling against commercial interests at a corporate hospital when all she wanted to do was help people, and in the morning, when she walked out of her beautiful home and unlocked her convertible, she would remember.
Jennifer Allison, Gilda Joyce: The Ladies of the Lake|You don't have to lie to me to be nice, Jake. You can just say, 'Wow, your nails look crappy.'" I did my best boy voice."Well, I will tell you that's a crappy imitation of my voice." He smiled so wide I could see his eyetooth from across the table. "But you've got to know you're totally hot, chipped nails and all." He burned beet red all the way to the roots of his hair. "Man, you get me to say some embarrassing stuff, Brenna." He rubbed his hand on the back of his neck."Hey, don't blame me when you feel moved to make strange declarations.
Amit Kalantri|Great ideas doesn't need approvals, they need application.
Bessie Coleman|The Woman's Party is made up of women of all races, creeds and nationalities who are united on the one program of working to raise the status of women.
Tom Walsh|I started to discover the meaning of happiness when I started to discover--and practice--the art of acceptance. When I started to accept life for what it was and I started to accept whatever situation I was in as the way things were, I started to see that my happiness depended on my own attitude. When I started focusing on getting the most out of my life the way it was rather than trying to turn it into what I thought it should be, I started to realize that I was, indeed, becoming a much happier person.
Daniel Burnham|I'm a romantic; a sentimental person thinks things will last, a romantic person hopes against hope that they won't.
Chaim Potok, The Chosen|All men lead their lives behind a wall of misunderstanding they have themselves built and most men die in silence and unnoticed behind the walls. Now and then a man, cut off from his fellows by the peculiarities of his nature, becomes absorbed in doing something that is personal, useful and beautiful. Word of his activities is carried over the walls.
Sussanah Conway|We could all spend a lifetime unraveling the knots of our childhood, but at some point you realize the knots are no longer yours. They belong to your parents, and their parents before them. The legacy is long and complicated, the damage passed on through generations, until one day someone finally stops and says: This story does not belong to me. ~"This I Know
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Raised by Wolves|Just remember that you're on my list, Marcone. Soon as I get done with all the other evils in this town, you won't be the lesser of them anymore."Marcone stared at me with half-lidded eyes and said, "Eek.
Naishadh A. Gajjar|Respect of power is Important, But it shouldn't turn to Cowardice.
Jeanne Meyerowitz|In the late nineteenth century women lodgers, alone in the city, epitomized the purity of endangered woman-hood; in the early twentieth century the same women were among the first "respectable" women broadcast as happy sexual objects.
Leonard Gardner, Fat City|Out in the fog, weary, yet buoyant from the drinks, his mind dulled along with his aches and his energy returning, Tully was free of the sense of impending ordeal that had been with him for weeks. He felt whole, self-sufficient, felt his life had at last opened up and that now nothing stood between him and the future's infinite possibilities.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Strangers are never seen through a window. When our eyes are cast upon another, we are in fact gazing into the depths of a mirror. If you truly desire to understand how you feel about yourself, just take an honest look at how you view the world around you.
Django Wexler, The Forbidden Library|Books have immortalized great minds. Books have kept ancients secrets alive. A world which least value books, least value the real essence of wisdom and least know how to preserve what is precious!
Andy Lane, Slow Decay|In the end, the slow decay of the body didn't matter. We all continue on, renewing ourselves, through our offspring. They are what matter. They are what survives.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|We cannot turn the clock back nor can we undo the harm caused, but we have the power to determine the future and to ensure that what happened never happens again.
James Oppenheim|As we come marching, marching, we battle too for men,For they are women's children, and we mother them again.Our lives shall not be sweated from birth until life closes;Hearts starve as well as bodies; give us bread, but give us roses!
Ari Marmell|Olgun! Wake up!"Her mind was filled with a sense of self-righteous andvaguely drowsy protest."Sure you weren't, she needled at him. You were justpracticing snoring, so you'd be sure to get it right later on,yes?"Olgun's response very strongly resembled an indignantsnort.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|Living is a risk,' I snapped at him. 'Every decision, every interaction, every step, every time you get out of bed in the morning, you take a risk. To survive is to know you're taking that risk and to not get out of bed clutching illusions of safety.
Neil Young, Waging Heavy Peace: A Hippie Dream|Pegi just recorded "I Don't Want to Talk About," written by Danny Whitten, the original Crazy Horse guitar player and singer who's all over Early Daze, an album of songs from the beginning of Crazy Horse that I have been working on compiling recently. Danny was every bit the artist I am, but he died of a heroin OD in the early seventies. Every time I hear Pegi sing that song, it makes me tremendously sad. She sings it so beautifully, phrasing it to break my heart. She does it justice. You can see I have some unfinished business with Danny.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|I had never known the pleasure of reading, of exploring the recesses of the soul, of letting myself be carried away by imagination, beauty, and the mystery of fiction and language. For me all those things were born with that novel.
Debasish Mridha|Persistence creates genius; without persistence, there is no winner.
J. Keller Ford, One More Day|I gulped, mesmerized by his hypnotic eyes and charming, spearmint smile, and uttered something intelligent like,"Uh, huh." ~ from Dragon Flight
Kōbō Abe, The Box Man|more guilt, guilt, guilt. That's the Irish condition.
