Alex Hirsch, Gravity Falls: Journal 3|Life is totally unbelievable. Enjoy it at its fullest, with no regrets.
Tara Estacaan|He watched him stoke the flames, God's own firedrake. The sparks rushed upward and died in the starless dark. Not all dying words are true and this blessing is no less real for being shorn of its ground.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We cannot replicate other people’s lives. We must each institute and broker a personalized meaning to our exclusive existence. We must each serve as our own Zen master, awaken to our inviolate personal truth, and strive to fulfill our sui generis (unique) nature.
Tracy March, Just Say Maybe|Rob had been her first lover, and she had been his. It was always amazing to her that when all her friends spoke of losing their virginity, they all said how awkward it was, but with Rob it had been beautiful. They had been so in love at seventeen and so confident of their future together that making love had been as natural to them as the simple act of breathing.
Netiera Danise, Common Cents: How to Live a Happy Life Without Money? It's Simple, Just Live!|Life's rewards as well as it's short-comings are magnetic reflections of the vivacious energies we release through our thoughts, our actions, and our words.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|Humans have evolved levels of cooperation that are unprecedented among primate species. You can see it even in babies. Say you are playing with a baby and begin to put the toys in a box. If you point to one of the toys, the baby is likely to put it in the box (Liebal et al. 2009)... Human babies are more likely than other primates to follow another’s pointing or gaze. Thus, even before adults have socialized them, babies show tendencies to be in sync with the social behavior of others, to infer others’ intentions to cooperate, and to prefer cooperation in others.
Aravind Adiga|I gather you yellow-skinned men, despite your triumphs in sewage, drinking water, and Olympic gold medals, still don't have democracy. Some politician on the radio was saying that that's why we Indian are going to beat you: we may not have sewage, drinking water, and Olympic gold medals, but we do have democracy.If I were making a country, I'd get the sewage pipes first, then the democracy, then I'd go about giving pamphlets and statues of Gandhi to other people, but what do I know? I am just a murderer!
Matthew Flinders, Defending Politics: Why Democracy Matters in the Twenty-First Century|Is it possible thatwe ‘hate’ politics because we have forgotten its specifi c and limitednature, its overwhelming value, and also its innate fragility? Could it bethat our expectations are so high that politics appears almost destinedto disappoint? Democratic politics cannot make ‘every sad heart glad’,as Crick argued, nor did it ever promise to do so. But not alwaysgetting what you want, an awareness that public governance is oftenslow and bureaucratic, a frustration that some decisions are hard tounderstand or have to be made in secret, disbelief and anger at the selfinterestedbehaviour of a small number of politicians, and an acceptancethat some people will always take out more from the system thanthey put in—these are the prices you pay for living in a democracy.
Nikki Rowe|You could tell she was a free spirit, a gypsy, just by looking at her. A smile like that doesn't come from a sad soul.
Bono|ISIS and these kinds of extremists are a death cult. We’re a life cult. Rock ’n’ roll is a life force, and it’s joy as an act of defiance.
Daniel J. Rice, The Unpeopled Season: Journal from a North Country Wilderness|Rum is tonic that clarifies the vision,and sets things in true perspective.
Ravi|Well when my death is in front, I just want to turn back to my life, And say the last thing, looking in to its lens that, “Life oh my life, Nobody would have ever painted this life as beautiful as i did”. Good Bye-Ravi
Alex Flinn, Beastly|It would be so great to have someone my own age to talk to, even if it was just about books.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|He opted for a flaky, apricot-filled croissant and Columbian coffee. Dani chided him for being unimaginative, then proceeded to eat most of his, while ignoring her own.	"I'd be glad to buy you one."	Dani gave him a wide-eyed, innocent stare, then popped the last bit of his breakfast into her mouth.	"I couldn't eat another bite.
W.H. Auden|...hanging out does not make one an artist. A secondhand wardrobe does not make one an artist. Neither do a hair-trigger temper, melancholic nature, propensity for tears, hating your parents, nor even HIV - I hate to say it - none of these make one an artist. They can help, but just as being gay does not make one witty (you can suck a mile of cock, as my friend Sarah Thyre puts it, it still won't make you Oscar Wilde, believe me), the only thing that makes one an artist is making art. And that requires the precise opposite of hanging out; a deeply lonely and unglamorous task of tolerating oneself long enough to push something out.
Abhijit Naskar|Be sincere to nobody else, but yourself.
Debasish Mridha|When superstitions enter the world of imagination, then intelligence and science become fiction.
Frank R. Stockton|Most people are too silly to be truly interested in any thing. They herd together like cattle, and do not know what is good for them.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Chains - Part 1: Bonds of Hate|As soon as I saw that doll all splotched with mud, I saw myself, saw how soiled I was. Or thought I was. From that minute on, I felt liked I'd slipped through a hole in God's pocket. Just took a dive right into the dirt and was lost forever."Greg kissed Faron's hair. "You never hit the dirt. You just slid from one pocket to another. That's what I did too - I took a journey I was meant to take. I know that now."Absorbing this, Faron slanted a puzzled look at Greg. "Which pocket do you suppose I landed in?""This one. The one we're in together. The one I believe we'll stay in."Faron felt a thrill of optimism in his heart. "I never thought of it that way.""I never did either. Until today." Greg once again settled onto Faron's chest. His cheek moved noticeable into a smile. "God isn't small, honey. God has a lot of freakin' pockets. And we just found the one we belong in.
David Rakoff, Fraud: Essays|The whole concept of some stranger making his way down our chimney - not that we had one - suggested burglary more readily than generosity. Any Santa who tried it would have gotten a bullet in his holly, jolly keister.
Andrew Young|No nation ever had an army large enough to guarantee it against attack in time of peace, or ensure it of victory in time of war.
C. JoyBell C.|The only person who can pull me down is myself, and I'm not going to let myself pull me down anymore.
John Irving|A plague on eminence! I hardly dare cross the street anymore without a convoy, and I am stared at wherever I go like an idiot member of a royal family or an animal in a zoo; and zoo animals have been known to die from stares.
Jill Shalvis|His eyes meet mine, and for a moment everything seems like it'll be okay. More than okay, actually.
Plutarch, Plutarch's Lives, Vol 2|The more civilization progresses, the hollower it becomes and the easier to destroy it.
Rumi|I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the seashore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.
Diane Setterfield|... [They] took it upon themselves to start the laborious process of cranking up life again, after death has stopped us all in its tracks.
Sherry A. Rogers, Detoxify or Die|We can, and must, develop dialogue and relatedness with our body because it’s talking to us all the time. And please remember, your body loves you. It does everything it can to keep you alive and functioning. You can feed it garbage, and it will take it and digest it for you. You can deprive it of sleep, but still it gets you up and running next morning. You can drink too much alcohol, and it will eliminate it from your system. It loves you unconditionally and does its best to allow you to live the life you came here for. The real issue in this relationship is not whether your body loves you, but whether you love your body. In any relationship, if one partner is loving, faithful and supportive, it’s easy for the other to take that person for granted. That’s what most of us do with our bodies. It is time for you to shift this, and working to understand your cravings is one of the best places to begin. Then you can build a mutually loving relationship with your own body.
Phyllis Theroux, The Journal Keeper: A Memoir|Children are born with imaginations in mint condition, able to leap tall buildings in a single bound. Then life corrects for grandiosity.
Joan Walsh Anglund|My arms are empty without you!My heart cries out, lonely in the darkness, but you are not here.No tears shall bring you back into my arms again.My mothers love was not strong enough to keep you,but it is strong enough to follow and find you, though all the mists of Eternity should try to come between!
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|The manner Women are bred in, (...) they are admitted to no share of the exercises which wou'd qualify them to attack or defend. They see themselves helplessly exposed to the outrages of a sex enslaved to the most brutal transports; and find themselves victims of contempt to wretches, whose prevalent strength is often exerted against them, with more fury and cruelty than beasts practise towards one another. Can our fear then be imputed to want of courage? Is it a defect? Or ought it not rather to be alledged as a proof of our sense: Since it wou'd be rather fool-hardiness than courage to withstand brutes, who want the sense to be overcome by reason, and whom we want vigour to repel by force of arms?
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|..by honouring the demands of our bleeding, our blood gives us something in return. The crazed bitch from irritation hell recedes. In her place arises a side of ourselves with whom we may not-at first- be comfortable. She is a vulnerable, highly perceptive genius who can ponder a given issue and take her world by storm. When we're quiet and bleeding, we stumble upon solutions to dilemmas that've been bugging us all month. Inspiration hits and moments of epiphany rumba 'cross de tundra of our senses. In this mode of existence one does not feel antipathy towards a bodily ritual that so profoundly and reinforces our cuntpower. 
Farahad Zama, The Wedding Wallah|Not all marriages are made in heaven. Some, probably most, are constructed here on earth for any number of reason.
Jessica Verday, The Haunted|Young friends, whose string-and-tin-can phone extended from island to island, had to pay out more and more string, as if letting kites go higher and higher. They had more and more to tell each other, and less and less string. The boy asked the girl to say "I love you" into her can, giving her no further explanation. And she didn't ask for any, or say "That's silly," or "We're too young for love," or even suggest that she was saying "I love you" because he asked her to. Instead she said, "I love you." The words traveled through the long, long string. The boy covered his can with a lid, removed it from the string, and put her love for him on a shelf in his closet. Of course, he never could open the can, because then he would lose its contents. It was enough just to know it was there.
Jodie B. Cooper, Beloved LifeMate|She touched something deep in his soul. He didn't believe in love at first sight, but the thought of hurting her made his chest ache.
Virginia Alison|It is when I find my soul is lost and lustfully wandering betwixt heaven and hell, and in that moment of spiritual bliss when the chances of recovering from falling into the sexual abyss are zero...I find the odds extremely appealing....
Renee Cefalu|Every person, experience and circumstance are opportunities for spiritual growth and development. They are not coincidences… they are synchronicities.
Akansh Malik|I don’t want you involved in any of that.”“Because you care about me?”“Of course.” I narrowed my eyes. “I don’t want to worry about you getting hurt.”He stepped in and his other hand settled just above my hip. “Because you want to be with me?”“Yes.” That word was easy to speak.Rider smiled then and the right dimple appeared. “You want to be my girlfriend.”I opened my mouth and then I laughed. It sounded strange after the seriousness of our conversation, but the statement was sweet and silly.His cheeks pinked. “Not sure how I feel about that laugh,” he teased. “But I do love the sound of it.”My breath caught at the word. Love. Oh, gosh, was that what was happening here?“So do you? Want to be my girlfriend?” he asked, and then chuckled. “Probably should’ve brought this up before I kissed you, but I want...I want to see where this goes, Mallory. I feel like we got a second chance, you know? I’ve been thinking that since I sat down in speech and saw you sitting there. We have a second chance. And who gets second chances?”I searched his gaze, feeling a rightness deep in my chest. I had thought the same thing before, about second chances.“I don’t want to pass that up.
Cameron Diaz|I think one of my first jokes - in the black community, there's people who have jokes about skin tone. People like, 'You so black, you purple.' 'You so black, you gotta smile so we can see you at night.'
Scott Farris, Kennedy and Reagan: Why Their Legacies Endure|If you aren't preparing for life like a war, you'll end up living like a prisoner of war.
Ann Voskamp|It was a pretty sight, and a seasonable one, that met their eyes when they flung the door open. In the fore-court, lit by the dim rays of a horn lantern, some eight or ten little field-mice stood in a semicircle, red worsted comforters round their throats, their fore-paws thrust deep into their pockets, their feet jigging for warmth. With bright beady eyes they glanced shyly at each other, sniggering a little, sniffing and applying coat-sleeves a good deal. As the door opened, one of the elder ones that carried the lantern was just saying, "Now then, one, two, three!" and forthwith their shrill little voices uprose on the air, singing one of the old-time carols that their forefathers composed in fields that were fallow and held by frost, or when snow-bound in chimney corners, and handed down to be sung in the miry street to lamp-lit windows at Yule-time.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|The truth is scary. We all think we want it, but once it’s given, it’s harder to swallow than we originally thought. But sometimes, when the pain is too much, we have to be honest with ourselves. Why are we unhappy? Why are we scared? Is it internal, or external? Then when we find the answer, we need to accept it (see chapter 1), and make the necessary changes to fix it.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Healing After Loss: Soulfully Inspiring You Whilst Mourning Loss and Working Through Grief|Become Empowered, not just in Mind and Body - but in Spirit, too.
Turcois Ominek|I'm guilty of giving people more chances than they deserve but when I'm done, I'm done.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|Those who meet Jesus always experience either joy or its opposites, either foretastes of Heaven or foretastes of Hell. Not everyone who meets Jesus is pleased, and not everyone is happy, but everyone is shocked.
Eve Babitz|I come to work with a smile and I leave with a laugh, and I'm so grateful.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|What is it which makes a man and a woman know that they, of all other men and women in the world, belong to each other? Is it no more than chance and meeting? no more than being alive together in the world at the same time? Is it only a curve of the throat, a line of the chin, the way the eyes are set, a way of speaking? Or is it something deeper and stranger, something beyond meeting, something beyond chance and fortune? Are there others, in other times of the world, whom we should have loved, who would have loved us? Is there, perhaps, one soul among all others--among all who have lived, the endless generations, from world's end to world's end--who must love us or die? And whom we must love, in turn--whom we must seek all our lives long--headlong and homesick--until the end?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Otis barreled towards them empty-handed, before apparently realizing that a) he was empty-handed and b) charging towards a large body of water to fight a son of Poseidon was maybe not a good idea.
Pamela Horn, Life As A Victorian Lady|In 1895 Lady Londonberry commented acidly on a bridegroom who had 'married the 10,000 a year as well as the lady.
Katie Couric, The Best Advice I Ever Got: Lessons from Extraordinary Lives|A boat is always safe in the harbor, but that's not what boats are built for.
Savi Sharma, Everyone Has A Story|And in the end, really, there's nothing much to say about a true war story, except maybe "Oh.
Jennifer Lane, Blocked|This song is for my Molly, who is the best fucking thing that´s ever happened to me. Also, for those suicidal idiots sending her fan mail asking her to run away with them, I will hunt you down and rip off you nuts.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|The problem of the survival of humanity is not a matter of ensuring the birth of future generations but of limiting it. The immediate danger to humanity is that of total annihilation within a generation or two, not the failure of mankind to breed. A woman seeking alternative modes of life is no longer morally bound to pay her debt to nature.
J.X. Burros|Sorry, pigtails, but subtlety isn't an option anymore.
サラ・J・マース|What do you suppose,' Aedion breathed, staring into the darkness, 'the people on other continents, across all those seas, think of us? Do you think they hate us or pity us for what we do to each other? Perhaps it's just as bad there. Perhaps it's worse. But to do what I have to, to get through it... I have to believe it's better. Somewhere, it's better than this.
Virginia Alison|We were decadent in our intimacy. Leaving no inch of skin untouched lest a moment of rapture slip through our grasp. Thrusting and plunging, in dazed euphoria, the exquisite cravings for those carnal delights ravaged our souls until shamelessly, gasping lust tainted air, we discovered insatiability...
AnnaSophia Robb|There's a line I have that our family was designed more for public than for private. But there are definitely some things that are only mine. I am someone who dreams at night, and you don't know what I'm dreaming.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.
Katherine Mansfield, Je ne parle pas français|Whenever I get gloomy with the state of the world, I think about the arrivals gate at Heathrow Airport. General opinion's starting to make out that we live in a world of hatred and greed, but I don't see that. It seems to me that love is everywhere. Often it's not particularly dignified or newsworthy, but it's always there - fathers and sons, mothers and daughters, husbands and wives, boyfriends, girlfriends, old friends. When the planes hit the Twin Towers, as far as I know none of the phone calls from the people on board were messages of hate or revenge - they were all messages of love. If you look for it, I've got a sneaky feeling you'll find that love actually is all around.
Siri Hustvedt, A Woman Looking at Men Looking at Women: Essays on Art, Sex, and the Mind|My purely practical advice: Don't get excited. Don't raise your voice. Bite back. Bite back hard, but never cry.
L.M. Fields|I am a creator, writing like the wind, I carry the weight of a future world in the barrel of a pen, etching my characters into the paper with life giving ink so my dreams and reality might finally meet.
Joyce Carol Oates|...we so resented that asshole up there talking talking talking taking up the entire assembly expecting us to believe there isn't a special creation of God, or of man, to which we didn't belong, here in the shabby south end of Hammond in the worst damn public school in the district, we didn't belong and never would. And what the hell? ---Such truths, FOXFIRE made softer.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Before I go to sleep tonight; I will speak a nice prayer, I will let my worries leave my mind as silence fills the air. If I have a bed; to curl between the sheets, I am an inch more blessed; than the man, on the street. If I have a love to cuddle; in the comfort of my home, I am grateful, I still have their presence to tell them, I love them so. If I have healthy eyes, that I can choose to close; I am grateful for my sight, because some will never know. If I have a voice & glistening ears to listen; Than in all my glory, I am grateful for this livin' All that really matters; is what, most don't have the courage to see, Who you became; from the day of your birth, the dash and the final chapter that makes your story complete.
Robert M. Gates, Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War|But *why* do clean torture and democracy appear to go hand in hand? This is an important puzzle (though by no means the only one suggested by the data). My explanation for this pattern generally is this: Public monitoring leads institutions that favor painful coercion to use and combine clean torture techniques to evade detection, and, to the extent that public monitoring is not only greater in democracies, but that public monitoring of human rights is a core value in modern democracies, it is the case that where we find democracies torturing today we will also be more likely to find stealthy torture.
G.I. Gurdjieff|Self-awareness of one’s faults, far from being the first step to growth, is very often the second foot in the mud.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|To heal physically, one must heal the emotional aspect of the issue first or it will resurface in another way.
Jean Marc Gaspard Itard|Once the primary bonds which gave security to the individual are severed, once the individual faces the world outside of himself as a completely separate entity, two courses re-open to him since he has to overcome the unbearable state of powerlessness and aloneness. By one course he can progress to “positive freedom”; he can relate himself spontaneously to the world in love and work, in the genuine expression of his emotional, sensuous and intellectual capacities; he can thus become one again with man, nature, and himself, without giving up the independence and integrity of his individual self. The other course open to him is to fall back, to give up his freedom, and to try to overcome his aloneness by eliminating the gap that has arisen between his individual self and the world. This second course never reunites him with the world in the way he was related to it before he merged as an “individual,” for the fact of his separateness cannot be reversed; it is an escape from an unbearable situation which would make life impossible if it were prolonged. This course of escape, therefore, is characterized by its compulsive character, like every escape from threatening panic; it is also characterized by the more or less complete surrender of individuality and the integrity of the self. Thus it is not a solution which leads to happiness and positive freedom; it is, in principle, a solution which is to be found in all neurotic phenomena. It assuages an unbearable anxiety and makes life possible by avoiding panic; yet it does not solve the underlying problem and is paid for by a kind of life that often consists only of automatic or compulsive activities.
C.S. Lewis|To shrink back from all that can be called Nature into negative spirituality is as if we ran away from horses instead of learning to ride. There is in our present pilgrim condition plenty of room (more room than most of us like) for abstinence and renunciation and mortifying our natural desires. But behind all asceticism the thought should be, ‘Who will trust us with the true wealth if we cannot be trusted even with the wealth that perishes?’ Who will trust me with a spiritual body if I cannot control even an earthly body? These small and perishable bodies we now have were given to us as ponies are given to schoolboys. We must learn to manage: not that we may some day be free of horses altogether but that some day we may ride bare-back, confident and rejoicing, those greater mounts, those winged, shining and world- shaking horses which perhaps even now expect us with impatience, pawing and snorting in the King’s stables. Not that the gallop would be of any value unless it were a gallop with the King; but how else— since He has retained His own charger—should we accompany Him?
Santosh Kalwar|Please do not ever think I am without you or you are without me, I live with you all the time.
Mark Vonnegut, The Eden Express: A Memoir of Insanity|Pure, unadulterated, consistent love for God and pure, unadulterated, consistent love for others is the summation of all the law God has given us in both the Old and New Testaments. Of course, the problem is that we never obey these simple commands. We always love ourselves more than we love God or others. We are always erecting idols in our hearts and worshipping and serving them. We are always more focused on what we want and how we might get it than we are on loving Him and laying down our life for others. The law does show us the right way to live, but none of us obeys it. Not for one millisecond.Even though our children cannot and will not obey God's law, we need to teach it to them again and again. And when they tell us that they can't love God or others in this way, we are not to argue with them. We are to agree with them and tell them of their need for a Savior.
Charles Porterfield Krauth, Conservative Reformation & Its Theology|How often do we hear from the local diocesan people—the bishop, the communications director, the victim assistance coordinator, and others—that this abuse is not restricted to clergy, but, rather, it is a societal problem? It does occur outside in the public realm. When was the last time you heard of a sex offender not being held accountable for his actions once caught? The Church treated the abuse as a sin only and nothing more. Out in society, sex offenders are not moved to another community quietly. “But protest that priests are 'no worse' than other groups or than men in general is a dire indictment of the profession. It is surprising that this attitude is championed by the Church authorities. Although the extent of the problem will continue to be debated, sexual abuse by Catholic priests is a fact. The reason why priests, publicly dedicated to celibate service, abuse is a question that cries out for explanation. Sexual activity of any adult with a minor is a criminal offense. By virtue of the requirement of celibacy, sexual activity with anyone is proscribed for priests. These factors have been constant and well-known by all Church authorities” (Sipe 227−228).
Lailah Gifty Akita|Those who never trial, never fails.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|We care about the dead. We try with our lives to honor theirs. That’s how we make our lives meaningful, and how we make their lives meaningful, too.
Wendy Higgins|If you two yentas are finished discussing Claire’s rabid who-ha, me and the boys would like to eat sometime this century.""You and 'the boys?' You just met them today. Does the Ya Ya Brotherhood already have a secret handshake and a password?" Liz joked.
Yann Martel, Beatrice and Virgil|Maybe instead of strings it's stories things are made of, an infinite number of tiny vibrating stories; once upon a time they all were part of one big giant superstory, except it got broken up into a jillion different pieces, that's why no story on its own makes any sense, and so what you have to do in a life is try and weave it back together, my story into your story, our stories into all the other people's we know, until you've got something that to God or whoever might look like a letter, or even a whole word....
Faisal Nawaz Maitlo|If you have knowledge, then use it for educating not for degrading.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|Brand and product don’t compete. Brand is product, and everything else conforming to the unique story that consumers create when they think of you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You care, you dare and you share; this is the unforgettable rule of every true believer and achiever.
Christy Reece, Rescue Me|He thoroughly intended to do some major grovelling. Olympic-style begging, if necessary.
Deanna Raybourn, Silent on the Moor|I stepped closer still. He closed his eyes again and covered my hand with his own. 'You smell of violets. You always smell of violets,' he said. 'You've no idea how many times I have walked these moors and smelled them and thought you were near. On and on I walked, following the scent of you, and you were never there. When I saw you in the hall tonight, I thought I had finally gone mad.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|This person has hoped and dreamed and now it is really happening and this person can hardly believe it. But believing is not an issue here, the time for faith and fantasy is over, it is really really happening. It involves stepping forward and bowing. Possibly there is some kneeling, such as when one is knighted. One is almost never knighted. But this person may kneel and receive a tap on each shoulder with a sword. Or, more likely, this person will be in a car or a store or under a vinyl canopy when it happens. Or online or on the phone. It could be an e-mail re: your knighthood. Or a long, laughing, rambling phone message in which every person this person has ever known is talking on a speakerphone and they are all saying, You have passed the test, it was all just a test, we were only kidding, real life is so much better than that.
Gillian Flynn, Sharp Objects|It was that summer, too, that I began the cutting, and was almost as devoted to it as to my newfound loveliness. I adored tending to myself, wiping a shallow red pool of my blood away with a damp washcloth to magically reveal, just above my naval: queasy. Applying alcohol with dabs of a cotton ball, wispy shreds sticking to the bloody lines of: perky. I had a dirty streak my senior year, which I later rectified. A few quick cuts and cunt becomes can't, cock turns into back, clit transforms to a very unlikely cat, the l and i turned into a teetering capital A. The last words I ever carved into myself, sixteen years after I started: vanish. Sometimes I can hear the words squabbling at each other across my body. Up on my shoulder, panty calling down to cherry on the inside of my right ankle. On the underside of a big toe, sew uttering muffled threats to baby, just under my left breast. I can quiet them down by thinking of vanish, always hushed and regal, lording over the other words from the safety of the nape of my neck. Also: At the center of my back, which was too difficult to reach, is a circle of perfect skin the size of a fist. Over the years I've made my own private jokes. You can really read me. Do you want me to spell it out for you? I've certainly given myself a life sentence. Funny, right? I can't stand to look myself without being completely covered. Someday I may visit a surgeon, see what can be done to smooth me, but now I couldn't bear the reaction. Instead I drink so I don't think too much about what I've done to my body and so I don't do any more. Yet most of the time that I'm awake, I want to cut. Not small words either. Equivocate. Inarticulate. Duplicitous. At my hospital back in Illinois they would not approve of this craving.For those who need a name, there's a gift basket of medical terms. All I know is that the cutting made me feel safe. It was proof. Thoughts and words, captured where I could see them and track them. The truth, stinging, on my skin, in a freakish shorthand. Tell me you're going to the doctor, and I'll want to cut worrisome on my arm. Say you've fallen in love and I buzz the outlines of tragic over my breast. I hadn't necessarily wanted to be cured. But I was out of places to write, slicing myself between my toes - bad, cry - like a junkie looking for one last vein. Vanish did it for me. I'd saved the neck, such a nice prime spot, for one final good cutting. Then I turned myself in.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Men invent new ideals because they dare not attempt old ideals. They look forward with enthusiasm, because they are afraid to look back.
Jean Klein, I Am|It is only through silent awareness that our physical and mental nature can change. This change is completely spontaneous. If we make an effort to change we do no more than shift our attention from one level, from one thing, to another. We remain in a vicious circle. This only transfers energy from one point to another. It still leaves us oscillating between suffering and pleasure, each leading inevitably back to the other. Only living stillness, stillness without someone trying to be still, is capable of undoing the conditioning our biologoical, emotional and psychological nature has undergone. There is no controller, no selector, no personality making choices. In choiceless living the situation is given the freedom to unfold. You do not grasp one aspect over another for there is nobody to grasp. When you understand something and live it without being stuck to the formulation, what you have understood dissolves in your openness. In this silence change takes place of its own accord, the problem is resolved and duality ends. You are left in your glory where no one has understood and nothing has been understood.
Jeffrey Tayler|Aging and the prospect of dying by no means enhance the attractiveness of fictitious comforts to come in paradise, or the veracity of malicious myths about hellfire and damnation. Fear and feeblemindedness cannot be credibly pressed into service to support fantastic claims about the cosmos and our ultimate destiny.Whether one would even consider turning to religion in advanced years has much to do with upbringing, which makes all the more important standing up to the presumptions of the religious in front of children. One would regard the Biblical events – a spontaneously igniting bush, a sea’s parting, human parthenogenesis, a resurrected prophet and so on – that supposedly heralded God’s intervention in our affairs as the stuff of fairy tales were it not for the credibility we unwittingly lend them by keeping quiet out of mistaken notions of propriety.
Denis Mackail, Greenery Street|My stepmother is not only powerful because the people fear her, she is powerful because she can make them love her when she needs them to. We think that if we choose to do only good, then we are only good. We can make people happy. We can offer tranquility or contentment or love, and that must be good. We do not see the falsehood becoming its own brand of cruelty.”The ship trembled and their speed increased. Luna blurred beneath them.“Once,” Winter continued, pushing the words out of her lungs. “Once I believed with all my heart that I was doing good. But I was wrong.
Amanda Lang, The Power Of Why: Simple Questions That Lead to Success|A SWOT analysis involves asking, "What are our strengths and weaknesses? What are our opportunities? What are the threats?
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Let your family, staff, and friends know that you're still the same person, despite all the publicity and notoriety that accompanies your position.
Steve Jobs|It's annoying when someone's in front of you driving ten miles an hour, and you're like, 'Okay, today,' and someone else is on the side of you, so you can't pass them, and when you finally do pass them and they are texting, the laser cannons just come out and disintegrate that car.
John Pontius|Stark truth, is seldom met with open arms.
Tara Kelly, The Foxglove Killings|Monday nights always brought in the worst kind of crazy. Tonight that crazy came in the form of Paul Cross, town hermit. One of them, anyway. This was the Pacific Northwest.
Yaqub khan|But there, in that remarkable room, surrounded by a laughing, rollicking, unseeing collection of London's brightest and wickedest, Pippa's knowledge of anatomy expanded.It seemed there was such a thing as a broken heart.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|Where you come from is gone, where you thought you were going to was never there, and where you are is no good unless you can get away from it. Where is there a place for you to be? No place... Nothing outside you can give you any place... In yourself right now is all the place you've got.
Chapman Cohen|In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessings. But because, I am enlightened by my intelligence.
Amy Rankin, Nobody Thought I Could Do It, But I Showed Them, and So Can You!|He is as good as anybody in this parish! He is very particular, too, about going to church-yes, he is!''I am afeard nobody ever saw him there. I never did, certainly.''The reason of that is,' she said eagerly, 'that he goes in privately by the old tower door, just when the service commences, and sits at the back of the gallery. He told me so.'This supreme instance of Troy's goodness fell upon Gabriel's ears like the thirteenth stroke of a crazy clock. It was not only received with utter incredulity as regarded itself, but threw doubt on all the assurances that had preceded it.
Joel Osteen|You have good days, you have bad days. But the main thing is to grow mentally.
Arianna Huffington|We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes–understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.
Dharmalingam Raju|Perhaps, I am yet to be written. I am yet to be described in those poetic gestures lovers use to describe their soulmate.
Z.Z. Packer, Drinking Coffee Elsewhere|She did not want to say it, because it made no practical sense, but in the end she went to Japan for the delicate sake cups, resting in her hand like a blossom; she went to Japan for loveliness.
A.B. Whelan, Valley of Darkness Part 1 & Part 2|I never sleep. Like the dolphin and the spiny anteater, I don't experience REM. Unlike the dreamless mammals, I'm a construct. I am a living program inside a vast network of electronic impulses known as the LINK. In that datastream I've uncovered the meaning of another kind of dreaming--that of a fond hope or aspiration, a yearning, a desire, or a passion. This much I have. When I dream, I dream of Mecca.
Alexis M. Smith, Glaciers|Reading, therefore, is a co-production between writer and reader. The simplicity of this tool is 	astounding. So little, yet out of it whole worlds, eras, characters, continents, people never encountered 	before, people you wouldn’t care to sit next to in a 	train, people that don’t exist, places you’ve never visited, enigmatic fates, all come to life in the mind, 	painted into existence by the reader’s creative powers. In this way the creativity of the writer calls 	up the creativity of the reader. Reading is never passive.
Leah Price, Unpacking My Library: Writers and Their Books|God, don't they teach you how to spell these days?""No," I answer. "They teach us to use spell-check.
Edwidge Danticat, Krik? Krak!|You could say, in a way, that I'm not actually a writer, though perhaps I might be called a recorder? ... I just happen to be one of those holding the pen, that's all.
Bertrand Russell|Age is not all decay; it is the ripening, the swelling, of the fresh life within, that withers and bursts the husk.
Jacques Prevert|In the Lamborghini I have to avoid certain roads because of pot holes, and there's nowhere to put my drink, no cup holder. And I'm not going to lie, it looks pretentious. I used to think it was cool to, like, drive it to dinner. Now? Like I really need to be looked at any more.
Henry Ford|Intuition is the key to everything, in painting, filmmaking, business - everything. I think you could have an intellectual ability, but if you can sharpen your intuition, which they say is emotion and intellect joining together, then a knowingness occurs.
Val Uchendu|A closed fist cannot give. How can one give when the fist is closed? Yet, most people approach relationships with a closed heart. How can one give love when the heart is closed?
William Hertling, Kill Process|The winters were getting colder, starting earlier, lasting longer, with more snows than he could remember from childhood. As soon as man stopped adding his megatons of filth to the atmosphere each day, he thought, the atmosphere had reverted to what it must have been long ago, moister weather summer and winter, more stars than he had ever seen before, and more, it seemed, each night than the night before: the sky a clear, endless blue by day, velvet blue-black at night with blazing stars that modern man had never seen.
Marguerite Labbe, Pandora|Riff needed the pain in his body to mask the pain inside. Once he'd enjoyed the pain only because it brought pleasure with it, but that distinction had gotten lost.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|For long the two enemies looked at one another, Hook shuddering slightly, and Peter with the strange smile upon his face."So, Pan," said Hook at last, "this is all your doing.""Ay, James Hook," came the stern answer, "it is all my doing.""Proud and insolent youth," said Hook, "prepare to meet thy doom.""Dark and sinister man,“For long the two enemies looked at one another, Hook shuddering slightly, and Peter with the strange smile upon his face."Dark and sinister man," Peter answered, "have at thee.
Jim Carroll, The Petting Zoo|On a whim, he stopped and bought a watch from a sidewalk vendor. Normally, Billy could not abide keeping time, especially when it was attached to one’s body. Time was like a relentlessly needy lapdog one had to haul around. It barked too much and had no sense of loyalty.
Neale Donald Walsch|My theme is, 'The spirit of friendship is the balance of life.' Not money. Not the World Series. It's friendship. The relationships I have with people, that's enough to keep me happy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The older I get, the less I know. It's wonderful--it makes the world so spacious.
RVM|I am the Richest man on earth because I am the Happiest man on earth. After all, isn’t Happiness the Greatest Wealth in Life? -RVM
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|We are children, perhaps, at the very moment when we know that it is as children that God loves us - not because we have deserved his love and not in spite of our undeserving; not because we try and not because we recognize the futility of our trying; but simply because he has chosen to love us. We are children because he is our father; and all of our efforts, fruitful and fruitless, to do good, to speak truth, to understand, are the efforts of children who, for all their precocity, are children still in that before we loved him, he loved us, as children, through Jesus Christ our lord.
bell hooks|It is a great mystery that though the human heart longs for Truth, in which alone it finds liberation and delight, the first reaction of human beings to Truth is one of hostility and fear!
Charlaine Harris, Dead Ever After|Commanders and historians are the people who discuss wars; I was in the infantry, and most of the time I did not know where I was or what I was doing except that I was obeying orders and trying not to be killed in any of the variety of horrible ways open to me.
Julio Iglesias|Marriage requires a special talent, like acting. Monogamy requires genius.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Apparently, the world is not a wish-granting factory.
Alin Sav|Pray to God one minute, listen to Him for one hour.
Busy Philipps|Our parents are obviously proud, but they're still trying to get used to the fact that we're in a band. I have a feeling my mom would actually like One Direction if I wasn't in it!
Judas Iscariot The Flight of the Feathered Serpent|False humility is the pride of not being proud, real humility is without the consciousness that pride exists.
Lani Brown|Because, visible through the slashed covers, the bone-deep wounds that crisscross the couple’s bodies pump blood. Some of the flaps of skin resulting from glancing blows are like gills, breathing. Yet even as the cries die away, he carries on.
Harrish Sairaman|When you say, "I can't do it!" - You never will.But, if you say, "I'll give it a try," eventually you will succeed.
Jennifer Echols, Love Story|I love you.”I stared stupidly at him. Was he joking again, reciting another line from my story? I didn’t remember writing this.He leaned in and kissed me. I didn’t respond for a few seconds. My mind lagged behind what my body was feeling.“Say it,” he whispered against my lips. “I know this is hard for you. Tell me.”“I love you.” Hearing my own words, I gasped at the rush of emotion.He put his hands on either side of my jaw and took my mouth with his.
Leonard J. Vander Zee, Christ, Baptism and the Lord's Supper: Recovering the Sacraments for Evangelical Worship|Torrance uses the analogy of an embrace. When we hug someone, there is a double movement. We open our arms and in so doing give ourselves to the beloved. But in the embrace we also draw that person close to us...One hand, Christ, opens the relationship, the other hand, the Holy Spirit draws us into that relationship with the Father.
Tracy Winegar, Good Ground|Ah, my darling. But there is no such thing [as a nice safe history].
Will Self|To build my legacy and be that person I want to be, this is what it's going to take: to get on the road and travel. Let's do it that way.
Lois Capps|In addition, I'll be attending women's health expos and medical conferences with the goal to promote dialogue between women and their health-care providers.
Wanda Lea Brayton|My earliest poems appear almost skeletal to me now - it seems I've learned to add meat, muscle and a nice suit of clothes.
Suzanne  Johnson, Royal Street|A weathered black and silver Dodge pickup towing a small motorboat pulled up behind us, and Alex circled back to greet the driver. I couldn’t see who sat behind the crusted and dirty windshield, but Alex stood at the driver’s window and pointed down the block where the boulevard disappeared into floodwater. The truck pulled ahead, maneuvered a deft U-turn, and backed toward the water. Alex motioned for me to follow. By the time I lurched my way to the truck, he and the pickup driver were sliding the boat down the trailer ramp. Sweat trickled down my neck, and if I hadn’t been afraid of being poisoned by toxic sludge, I’d have made like a pig and wallowed in the mud to cool off. I kicked at a fire hydrant, trying to jolt some of the heaviest sludge off my boots, and heard a soft laugh behind me. With a final kick that sent a spray of brown gunk flying, I turned to see what was so funny. I needed a laugh. A man leaned against the side of the pickup with his arms crossed. He was a few inches shorter than Alex, maybe just shy of six feet, with sun-streaked blond hair that reached his collar and a sleeveless blue T-shirt and khaki shorts. His tanned legs between the bottom of the shorts and the top of sturdy black shrimp boots were scored with scars, bad ones, as if whatever made them meant to do serious damage. He’d been grinning when I turned around, flashing a heart-stopping set of dimples, but when he saw my eyes linger on his legs, the grin eased into something more wary.
Christina Scalise|I hate these affairs", he'd told her once, tearing up an engraved invitation to an exclusive charity ball. "They're the worst kind of discrimination. An invitation doesn't really mean that you're invited; it means that a whole lot of people aren't
Rick Riordan, The Staff of Serapis|That wasn’t my future I destroyed,’ she assured herself. ‘I make my own future.
Andrew Barrett, The Third Rule - The Complete Story|The discovery that detonated Cleveland is one of Britain’s great contributions to awareness of child abuse. In 1986 and 1987 the Leeds paediatricians Dr Jane Wynne and Dr Christopher Hobbs reported in the Lancet that they were seeing more children who were being buggered than battered. About 300 cases were corroborated. The children were young – two-thirds were pre-school children – and anal abuse was more common than vaginal penetration. They also noted that ‘boys and girls seem to be at similar risk’. Almost half of the children who suffered anal abuse also showed a sign written up in the forensic textbooks as ‘anal dilation’, an anus opening when it was supposed to stay shut; opening and expecting entry. What the paediatricians were observing was not an acute sign, the effect of a single intrusion – a spasm or seizure – but a sign that was telling a story about everyday life; the anatomy of adaption. Anal dilation seemed to describe the architecture of abuse: it allowed the body to receive an incoming object, regularly.
Beth   Johnson, Thoughts From The Inside|It is the definition of an egoist that whatever occupies his attention is, for that reason, important.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|RE: Kindle, iPad, et cetera: For a researcher, these new ways of accessing information are just extraordinary. I thing it introduces the possibility of a new standard of cognitive exactness and precision. ~ Rebecca Goldstein, author of Properties of Light: A Novel of Love, Betrayal and Quantum Physics.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|The disgraced Usurer Yankel D took the baby girl home that evening... He made a bed of crumpled newspaper in a deep baking pan and gently tucked it in the oven, so that she wouldn't be disturbed by the noise of the small falls outside... When he pulled her out to feed her or just hold her, her body was tattooed with the newsprint... Sometimes he would rock her to sleep in his arms, and read her left to right, and know everything he needed to know about the world. If it wasn't written on her, it wasn't important to him.
Jenna Woginrich|You can put off your dreams, your desires, your careers, your farms. You can avoid your responsibilities, obligations, promises, and sovereign rights. But any person who wants to make music, and doesn't, is a goddamned fool.
Tara Estacaan|Soft sunlight tall treeswoodsmoke impressions summery cuestossed onthis dainty patch of my recluse.~ Poem Title VERS LIBÉRÉ, Tara Estacaan
Peter Morville, Ambient Findability: What We Find Changes Who We Become|some libraries are no longer called libraries but are known as Learning Resource Centers or Media Centers. Librarians, however, are still generally known as librarians and not yet as Learning Resourcists or Media Centerists, though this may be only a matter of time.
Tim Berners-Lee|The woman who appeals to a man's vanity may stimulate him, the woman who appeals to his heart may attract him, but it is the woman who appeals to his imagination who gets him.
John Dewey, Art as Experience|a story always sounds clear enough at a distance, but the nearer you get to the scene of events the vaguer it becomes.
Martin Robinson, The Faith Of The Unbeliever|The world and it's people are my church".~R. Alan Woods [1996]
Laura Ruby, Bone Gap|We all want to live in a world where we can make a difference... That's why Spider-Man fights the good fight. Or Captain Marvel. Or me. Or... There are a lot of us. And we don't all wear masks these days. Iron Man went public. So did Captain America. Others. Probably because it's harder to keep secrets in an internet surveillance age. But I think some of it, too, is that the ethical paradox can wear you down. No one on the white-hat side has ever hidden his or her identity with less than noble intent: to make the fight about something bigger than us. To represent a greater justice, where the focus can be on right and wrong... and not on whether the bad guys will exact reprisal on those close to us. And sometimes you have to lie... because you can justify a lie if lives are riding on it. Even as you fight for, as the saying goes, truth and justice... even if you're a lawyer who has sworn to live by the truth... you willingly bear false witness.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The practice of loving-kindness is about cultivating love as a trans-formative strength,
Walter Tevis, Mockingbird|I feel free and strong. If I were not a reader of books I could not feel this way. Whatever may happen to me, thank God that I can read, that I have truly touched the minds of other men.
Eli Brown, Cinnamon and Gunpowder|In the past, my brain could only compute perfection or failure—nothing in between. So words like competent, acceptable, satisfactory, and good enough fell into the failure category. Even above average meant failure if I received an 88 out of 100 percent on an exam, I felt that I failed. The fact is most things in life are not absolutes and have components of both good and bad. I used to think in absolute terms a lot: all, every, or never. I would all of the food (that is, binge), and then I would restrict every meal and to never eat again. This type of thinking extended outside of the food arena as well: I had to get all of the answers right on a test; I had to be in every extracurricular activity […] The ‘if it’s not perfect, I quit’ approach to life is a treacherous way to live. […] I hadn’t established a baseline of competence: What gets the job done? What is good enough? Finding good enough takes trial and error. For those of us who are perfectionists, the error part of trial and error can stop us dead in our tracks. We would rather keep chasing perfection than risk possibly making a mistake. I was able to change my behavior only when the pain of perfectionism became greater than the pain of making an error. […] Today good enough means that I’m okay just the way I am. I play my position in the world. I catch the ball when it is thrown my way. I don’t always have to make the crowd go wild or get a standing ovation. It’s good enough to just catch the ball or even to do my best to catch it. Good enough means that I finally enjoy playing the game.
Sunday Adelaja|There is a wide difference between having poison and being poisoned. All apothecaries have poisons ready for special uses, but they are not consequently poisoned, because the poison is only in their shop, not in themselves; and so you many possess riches without being poisoned by them, so long as they are in your house or purse only, and not in your heart. It is the Christian's privilege to be rich in material things , and poor in attachment to them.
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|When desertion is not an option, sabotage is a must.
Laura Ruby, Bad Apple|Now what?” he finally asked.Téa came to stand in the doorway of her office. “Nowwhat, what? Hey, is that you, Cal?”“Affirmative.”Affirmative? Was that the cutest or what?
Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember: Uncollected Pieces|The time is ripe for looking back over the day, the week, the year, and trying to figure out where we have come from and where we are going to, for sifting through the things we have done and the things we have left undone for a clue to who we are and who, for better or worse, we are becoming. But again and again we avoid the long thoughts….We cling to the present out of wariness of the past. And why not, after all? We get confused. We need such escape as we can find. But there is a deeper need yet, I think, and that is the need—not all the time, surely, but from time to time—to enter that still room within us all where the past lives on as a part of the present, where the dead are alive again, where we are most alive ourselves to turnings and to where our journeys have brought us. The name of the room is Remember—the room where with patience, with charity, with quietness of heart, we remember consciously to remember the lives we have lived.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|Well, it's really no use our talking in the way we have been doing if the words we use mean something different to each of us...and nothing.
Dipin Damodharan|In my mind he is a demon and a godand I blame him, I blame him, I blame himfor the world I created on my ownas much as the one he built around me.
Dada Bhagwan|If we break someone’s ego, then we can’t be happy. Egoism is his life!
J.A. Konrath|Addiction is the hallmark of every infatuation-based love story. It all begins when the object of your adoration bestows upon you a heady, hallucinogenic dose of something you never even dared to admit that you wanted—an emotional speedball, perhaps, of thunderous love and roiling excitement. Soon you start craving that intense attention, with the hungry obsession of any junkie. When the drug is withheld, you promptly turn sick, crazy and depleted (not to mention resentful of the dealer who encouraged this addiction in the first place but who now refuses to pony up the good stuff anymore—despite...
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Faith is about what we know, not what we feel. Yet, what we know will influence and direct what we feel. A strong knowledge of God will yield feelings of confidence in Him.
Gordon B. Hinckley|To make the world a better place, see the world as a better place.
Dada Bhagwan|Happiness lies with us only. Desire for experiencing interactive pleasure is because of the association with the ignorance (of the Self). The one who does not have such association, he will ‘realize’ true happiness.
Kamand Kojouri|She was in awe of all his work. 'How do you do it?" she asked.He smiled and said, 'By loving you.
Darwun St. James, Angel Sins|We hit every jazz and blues club on and off Bourbon Street, dancing and drinking until we girls were drunk enough to go with the boys to the strip clubs which outnumbered all other businesses in the French Quarter. Here is where my solution unfolded.
arold pablo|I saw the light blinking in my living room and changed it over and over, at the end I realized it was my eye blinking.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Advantage and Disadvantage of History for Life|There should be an age limit for patients, he thinks as he takes off his shoes. You just have to say to them, "You lived long enough. From now on, think of what's left as a bonus, a gift without an exchange slip. It hurts? Stay in bed. It still hurts? Wait: Either you'll die or it'll pass.
Michael McClung|You're not going to be immediately good at anything you do. You wouldn't quit on the first day of your new job, so why quit on the first try at doing something else?
Will Smith|If you're not making someone else's life better, then you're wasting your time. Your life will become better by making other lives better.
John Green|You are helpful, and you are loved, and you are forgiven, and you are not alone.
Menander|Legislation passed in the aftermath of September 11, 2001 enhanced our intelligence capabilities and strengthened our national defense, but until now our nation's immigration policies have not adapted to the needs of a post-September 11th world.
Zoë Brigley, The Secret|Even after she was gone, he passed her place each day: something white in a high window - not a face,but the white belly of a pigeon beating its wingsagainst the pane in the boarded-up house.
Oliver Gaspirtz|All bad things, like good things, must end.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When people like the path you walk and the style you walk in that path, they will start following you!
Jim Butcher, White Night|Everyone is down on pain, because they forget something important about it: Pain is for the living. Only the dead don't feel it.
Gillian Bronte Adams, Songkeeper|But I say that this isn't the Underground. We are the Underground. You . . . me . . . all of your brothers, sisters, friends. This cavern is nothing more than a hole in the ground. We make it something more. No matter where we are, so long as we survive and stick together, the Underground is not lost.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|I live to enjoy life by the littlest things, feeling the grass between my toes, breathing fresh air, watching the wind sway the trees, enjoying the company of loved ones, a deep conversation, getting lost in a good book, going for a walk in nature, watching my kids grow up. Just the feeling itself of being alive, the absolute amazing fact that we are here right now, breathing, thinking, doing.
Umberto Eco|Perhaps, Katrine, in a library just like this one, you will find that all the things you thought were impossible and all the things that everyone, throughout history, have thought were impossible are not really impossible at all... they never were impossible.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|One knew nothing. One lived and walked about on the earth or rode through the forests, and so many things looked at one with such challenge and promise, rousing such longing: an evening star, a bluebell, a lake green with reeds, the eye of a human being or of a cow, and at times it seemed as if the very next moment something never seen but long yearned for must happen, as if a veil must drop from everything. But then it passed, and nothing happened, and the riddle was not solved, nor was the secret spell lifted, and finally one became old... and perhaps one still knew nothing, would still be waiting and listening.
Michelle M. Pillow, Spellbound|Is he all right?" Jane asked.	"Oh, sure, probably losing a fight against a squirrel," Angus said.	"Or his shadow...
W.B. Yeats|Excitement about things became a habit, a part of my personality, and the expectation that I should enjoy new experiences often engendered the enjoyment itself.
S.L. Jennings, Dark Light|I blink rapidly, breaking our reverie and force myself to focus on something,anything, other than his beauty. Or his body. A body I want pressed against mine, limbs and tongues twisted and tangled, our flesh contortioned into X-rated abstract art...
Amie Kaufman, Illuminae|In my life I have found two things of priceless worth - learning and loving. Nothing else - not fame, not power, not achievement for its own sake - can possible have the same lasting value. For when your life is over, if you can say 'I have learned' and 'I have loved,' you will also be able to say 'I have been happy.
Eloisa James, The Duke Is Mine|Do you think ladies’ eyebrows can communicate as well?” she asked.“No, they don’t have sufficient thicketry,” he said with authority.“Thicketry?”“Yes, that is the official term.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|It is more important that innocence be protected than it is that guilt be punished, for guilt and crimes are so frequent in this world that they cannot all be punished.But if innocence itself is brought to the bar and condemned, perhaps to die, then the citizen will say, 'whether I do good or whether I do evil is immaterial, for innocence itself is no protection,' and if such an idea as that were to take hold in the mind of the citizen that would be the end of security whatsoever.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Although yoga is supposedly noncompetitive, I can’t help that my Alpha nature requires that I go for the hardest variation of every pose, always pushing my limits as far as possible.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy offers this definition ofthe word "Infinite".Infinite: Bigger than the biggest thing ever and then some.Much bigger than that in fact, really amazingly immense, atotally stunning size, "wow, that's big", time. Infinity is just sobig that by comparison, bigness itself looks really titchy.Gigantic multiplied by colossal multiplied by staggeringlyhuge is the sort of concept we're trying to get across here.
Jim Harrison|I had to get healthy for a period in my life, so I learned a lot about food and diet.
Debasish Mridha|Trust your heart’s feeling, accept it and be happy.
Sigmund Freud|We turned the switch, saw the flashes, watched for ten minutes, then switched everything off and went home. That night I knew the world was headed for sorrow.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Life ups the self-esteem of a low-paid man by giving him things that the high-paid man that he envies cannot buy (intellect, looks, sex appeal, etc.).
Toni Sorenson|Every human being has divinity encased within its spirit and it is the task of its creator as well as itself to set it free. No human being is an end product, every being still breathing is a creation still under creation.
B.J. Daniels, Cardwell Christmas Crime Scene|He started for his office, but something was bothering him. Turning back to her, he said, “I have to know. DJ walks in and you instantly like her. You’ve never liked any of the women I’ve dated, and you’ve never done more than share a few words with them on the phone. What is different about this one?” he demanded, trying to keep his voice down.	Marge smiled. “You’ll remember this one’s name.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Our story has been told,our song has been sung.You're a road I’ve already traveled,and from it, I have moved on."Already Traveled
Diane Meier, The Season of Second Chances|But I remember the place with fondness ... not perfect but, all in all, not a bad memory.
Kristin Cashore, Jane, Unlimited|Did you ever love someone," Lucy says, "and know they love you, and you're attracted to them, and you know they're attracted to you, and so many things are exactly right, but it doesn't matter, because the few things that are wrong are completely, totally fucked?
Onyi Anyado|When I stand before God at the end of my life, I would hope that I would not have a single bit of talent left and could say, I used everything you gave me.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|I can't die yet, doctor. Not yet. I have things to do. Afterwords I'll have a whole lifetime in which to die.
Lawrence Samuels|It is a curious thought that the earliest description of the steam-engine in antiquity describes its use for the magic opening of the temple doors, when the priests lit the fires on the altars, to deceive the populace into ascribing to a deity what was the work of the engineer. In much the same way today, the almost boundless fecundity of the creative scientific discoveries and inventions of the age are being appropriated for the purpose of the mysterious opening of doors into the holy of holies of the temples of mammon by a hierarchy of imposters and humbugs, whom it is the first task of a sane civilization to expose and clear out.
Diana Wynne Jones, The Tough Guide to Fantasyland|The overwhelming tendency of markets is to bring people together, break down prejudices, persuade people of the need to cooperate regardless of class, race, religion, sex/gender, and physical ability. The same is obviously and especially true of sexual orientation. It is the market that rewards people who put aside their biases and seek gains through trade. This is why states devoted to racialist and hateful policies always resort to violence in control of the marketplace.
Ellen J. Barrier|When we help others to perform at the highest level of their potential, we receive something of value; our character is strengthened.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Although it may serve you well, any strength or skill which is overused can become a limitation when it forces you to constantly be moving and looking for the next best thing. Distractions, interruptions, and incessantly chasing after the next golden ring can become the norm.
John Ruskin|What we all need to do is find the wellspring that keeps us going, that gives us the strength and patience to keep up this struggle for a long time.
Jeanne Desy, The Princess Who Stood on Her Own Two Feet|Ah, well,' the Wizard said. 'I gather from all this-I shall make a note-that sometimes one must sacrifice for love.'Mirabelle looked intently at the Wizard. 'On the other hand,' the cat said at last, 'sometimes one must refuse to sacrifice.
Jean Améry, On Suicide: A Discourse on Voluntary Death|Life ... is a burden. The day about to begin is an oppressive weight.... The erect penis is heavy, even heavier the hanging one. Even the most tender breast has to be dragged along.
Chanda Kaushik|We all go through hard times in life. It’s a part of being alive and it's the reality we all have to deal with. There are times we forget our value as a person because we are so blinded with these thoughts of loneliness, emptiness and ego. Somewhere along the road we become numbed with all the frustrations and dissatisfaction. But life itself isn't always about darkness and sadness, Life is also filled with colors and that makes it beautiful. Along this path of darkness there's always light waiting to be seen by our daunted hearts. Our heart is gifted to see this light. It may be hiding behind those circumstances that we encounter; in a stranger we just met at an unexpected place; a family who has been always there but you just ignored because of your imperfect relationship with them; it might be a long time friend you have or a friend you just met. Open your heart and you will see how blessed you are to have them all in your life. Sometimes they are the light that shines your path in some dark phases of life. Don't lose hope
William Shakespeare|Presidents lie all the time. Really great presidents lie. Abraham Lincoln managed to end slavery in America partially by deception. (In an 1858 debate, he flatly insisted that he had no intention of abolishing slavery in states where it was already legal — he had to say this in order to slow the tide of secession.) Franklin Roosevelt lied about the U.S. position of neutrality until we entered World War II after the attack on Pearl Harbor. (Though the public and Congress believed his public pledge of impartiality, he was already working in secret with Winston Churchill and selling arms to France.) Ronald Reagan lied about Iran-Contra so much that it now seems like he was honestly confused. Politically, the practice of lying is essential. By the time the Lewinsky story broke, Clinton had already lied about many, many things. (He’d openly lied about his level of commitment to gay rights during the ’92 campaign.) The presidency is not a job for an honest man. It’s way too complex. If honesty drove the electoral process, Jimmy Carter would have served two terms and the 2008 presidential race would have been a dead heat between Ron Paul and Dennis Kucinich.
Jeff Hardy|To me, a sure-fire way to get in a rut is by sitting around playing by yourself for too long. You've gotta get out there and jam, man! You don't have to necessarily be in a band, all you've gotta have are a couple of buds who play too. They don't have to be guitarists either; jamming with a bassist or a drummer is cool.
Deyth Banger|Mothers and fathers must be gentle at least some of the time. Mothers and fathers must also be strict at least some of the time. Most of the time, though, most mothers and fathers must be mostly strict and gentle together.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Idleness is seductive.Just relax and do nothing, it says.
William Cartwright|I grew up in a household without a TV. We lived next door to a library for a while, and at one point, I checked out all the books in the fairy tale section. I remember the librarian's quiet smile as I'd bring back one stack and exchange it for another.
Dada Bhagwan|The slightest pain that we have, is the reaction of the pain that we had given. So do what you find comfortable.
Sunday Adelaja|All battles should be based on principles. And in a battle of principles, it is not the size of the adversary that matters. It is the size of the principle.
B. R. Ambedkar|Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom... The power to choose, to respond, to change.
Rick Elkin, Turn Right at Lost: Recalulating America|The premise that America’s power and influence was rooted in its wealth was wrong to begin with. To the contrary, our strength comes from America’s magical stuff. It is something intangible, something invulnerable, something no measure of evil, no amount of violence or bloodshed can destroy.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The principal advantage of narrative writing is that it assists us place our life experiences in a storytelling template. The act of strict examination forces us to select and organize our past. Narration provides an explanatory framework. Human beings often claim to understand events when they manage to formulate a coherent story or narrative explaining what factors caused a specific incident to occur. Stories assist the human mind to remember and make decisions based on informative stories. Narrative writing also prompts periods of intense reflection that leads to more writing that is ruminative. Contemplative actions call for us to track the conscious mind at work rendering an accounting of our weaknesses and our strengths, folly and wisdom.
Oscar Wilde|I believe that if one man were to live out his life fully and completely, were to give form to every feeling, expression to every thought, reality to every dream - I believe that the world would gain such a fresh impulse of joy that we would forget all the maladies of medievalism, and return to the Hellenic ideal - to something finer, richer, than the Hellenic ideal, it may be. But the bravest man amongst us is afraid of himself. The mutilation of the savage has its tragic survival in the self-denial that mars our lives. We are punished for our refusals.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|You burn bright and you burn hard, like a fire in a dumpster,and nobody is so worriedabout you burning as they are worried about the fire spreading.
Elon Musk|There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
Alexei Maxim Russell, The New Homeowner's Guide to House Spirits|Never interrupt a faerie circle ceremony. And, if a faerie has appeared to you, visually, do not speak to it until it has spoken to you. These two transgressions are considered so rude, that the faeries may literally attack you, on the spot.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|Sarie is such a comely girl," he said to them, "even the evil spirits will be heartbroken to see her hurt."- King Chuka
Kevin Powers, The Yellow Birds|You're a kid,' said Alexandra. 'There is no just about it. Only adults say just a kid and what the heck do they know about anything? Have you looked at their world lately?
Jane Goldman|Sometimes the routes leading to feelings of anger are so convoluted and circuitous that it takes enormous skill to discern their original source, or fountainhead. But regardless of the reason for or the source of the anger or the relative ease or complexity in perceiving either the anger or its source - everybody, but everybody, gets angry.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|My family says they are proud of me. Of course, I would rather hear this than the contrary, but I cannot say that I am proud of myself, so I find that I cannot 'talk about it'.
Tim Harford|How did the economy produce all these amazing things that we have around us - computers and cell phones and so on? There were a bunch of ideas, and the good ones grew and prospered. And the bad ones were pretty ruthlessly weeded out.
|Your blessings are definitely on the way. God hasn't forgotten about you. But while you are waiting to embrace them, continue to stay consistent with your strategic actions.
Marina Abramovic|Aesthetics - rather than reason - shapes our thought processes. First comes aesthetics, then logic. 'Thinking in Numbers' is not about an attempt to impress the reader but to include the reader, draw the reader in, by explaining my experiences - the beauty I feel in a prime number, for example.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In knowledge there is strength, in understanding there is might, and in wisdom there is power.
Mili Fay, Warriors of Virtue Epic YA Fantasy Series Episode 1: Text Edition|I am a Warrior of Virtue, Nenya, the Water Warrior. Ardan is safe at last. That is all that matters. That is all that will ever matter...
Dido Armstrong|I heard so many stories from Gaomi's peasants that I had an irrepressible urge to write them down. Today, Gaomi's peasants know that they have become famous around the world through my writings, but I think they are a little puzzled by this.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|To suffer together is to suffer with beauty,
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|So we forgive each other?" The crooked smile climbs up one more time. "Again?"And I look right into his eyes, right into him as far as I can see, because I want him to hear me, I want him to hear me with everything I mean and feel and say."Always," I say to him. "Every time.
Timothy J. Keller|The answer is that their confidence was actuallh in God, not in their limited understanding of what they thought he would do. They had inner assurance that God would rescue them. However, they were not so arrogant as to be sure they were "reading God right." They knew that God was under no obligation to operate according to their limited wisdom.
Henri Barbusse, Hell|It is a considerable point in all good legislation to determine exactly the credibility of witnesses and the proofs of a crime. Every reasonable man, everyone, that is, whose ideas have a certain interconnection and whose feelings accord with those of other men, may be a witness. The true measure of his credibility is nothing other than his interest in telling or not telling the truth; for this reason it is frivolous to insist that women are too weak [to be good witnesses], childish to insist that civil death in a condemned man has the same effects as a real death, and meaningless to insist on the infamy of the infamous, when they have no interest in lying.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our chaotic, confused world has no greater need than to hear the message of good news—the Gospel of Jesus Christ.
Sylvia Plath|brave love, dreamnot of staunching such strict flame, but come,lean to my wound; burn on, burn on.
George Eliot|If this was what caring about someone was like, what the hell was he supposed to do? Because he couldn’t handle it, couldn’t live like this.
Mike  Norton|Beethoven said that it's better to hit the wrong note confidently, than hit the right note unconfidently. Never be afraid to be wrong or to embarrass yourself; we are all students in this life, and there is always something more to learn.
S. Hunter Nisbet, The Mercy of Men|What you're saying," I clarify through clenched teeth, "is that call boys don't make it far in government.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms: The Play|We may have lots of differences,We may not be the perfect couple.But in-spite of those differences,In-spite of those imperfection,We are always at our best for each other...
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|Incidentally, it’s easy to write prescriptions, but difficult to come to an understanding with people.
R.C. Sproul|How we understand the person and character of God the Father affects every aspect of our lives. It affects far more than what we normally call the "religious" aspect of our lives. If God is the Creator of the entire universe, then it must follow that He is Lord of the whole universe. No part of the world is outside of His lordship. His Holy character has something to say about economics, politics, athletics, romance - everything with which we are involved.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|As the eclipse progresses, a confusion of chattering birds sweeps low in search of dusk and their shadows skip over the water’s surface and it makes perfect sense that these small creatures should be so moved by events beyond their reckoning.
A.E.  Jones, Sentinel Lost|I don’t need to sow any damn oats. What are you two, the supernatural version of Thelma and Louise?” “Hardly,” Talia scoffed. “This car is a classic. No way would I drive it off a cliff.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|After all, life is never so jolly or so miserable as people seem to think.
Peter Zumthor|Something I like to do a lot is just sit by water when there's a current and just stare into the water. I don't fish, I don't hunt, I don't scuba, I don't spear, don't boat, don't play basketball or football - I excel at staring into space. I'm really good at that.
Norton Juster|And Milo, full of thoughts and questions, curled up on the pages of tomorrow's music and eagerly awaited the dawn.
John Mark Green|The door to her heart was locked up tight, but he could still see a faint glow escaping through the keyhole.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Elizabeth called it my mane of hair; I called it my bane of hair. However, it was far worse looking when it was short, sticking straight up or out at awkward angles; at least when it was long it almost obeyed gravity.
Zack Snyder|I don't know if that's a year's bad luck, or if that's how it works. But stealing a Christmas tree - that can't be a good thing, karma-wise.
David C. Holley, Write like no one is reading|Word of advice for any young man that might want to take out Malia or Sasha Obama - Their father can order an assassination, don't piss him off.
Alice Hoffman, The Ice Queen|There Albine lay, panting, exhausted by love, her hands clutched closer and closer to her heart, breathing her last. She parted her lips, seeking the kiss which should obliterate her, and then the hyacinths and tuberoses exhaled their incense, wrapping her in a final sigh, so profound that it drowned the chorus of roses, and in this culminating gasp of blossom, Albine was dead.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|I would have kept you safe,' he said.I closed my eyes, forcing the tears down my cheek to break against the dam of his fingers. 'I know.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|None of them are real to me.” He paused again, placing a hand flat against the door. “You are the only real thing in my life.”Radu gasped with the sheer physical pain the words sent through him. But the sound of his agony was covered by that of the door opening. Mehmed reached in and pulled Lada out to him, and then his mouth was on hers and his hands were in her hair and he was holding her so tightly, so tightly, and they stumbled back into Lada’s room and closed the door.Radu tripped forward, feet dragging, until he stood outside the room. He wanted to be inside it. He wanted to be the only real thing to Mehmed, just as Mehmed was the only real thing to him.He wanted—No, please, no.Yes.He wanted Mehmed to look at him the way he had looked at Lada.He wanted Mehmed to kiss him the way he had kissed Lada.He wanted to be Lada.No, he did not. He wanted to be himself, and he wanted Mehmed to love him for being himself. His question, the question of Mehmed, was finally answered, piercing him and leaving him shaking, silent, on the floor.He did not want this answer.
Erin Hunter, The Forgotten Warrior|Loyalty is proved by what we do, not where we come from!
Zachary Mason, The Lost Books of The Odyssey|When people pass on we must choose how to remember them. While our loved ones sleep for eternity we must carry on with our daily toil. We can elect to harbor adoration and love in our precious memories or cling to animosity and detestation. We can kindly remember our ancestors or continue to feel embedded enmity towards people who no longer walk this earth. Regardless the human frailties of the recently departed, it seems that we should aspire to clutch the best part of our ancestors being fast to our hearts. A book encapsulating a departed person’s life has many pages; we must choose which chapters to treasure and what chapters to disregard or downplay.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|You can always evaluate a man's character by the way he speaks about his ex girlfriends and other women. When entering a new relationship or getting close with a new guy, make sure you take notice of the language he uses when referring to other girls
Jason Aldean|I'll work with a director if I think I'm going to get into a comfortable situation, and if it's someone I respect and who respects me, even if they're not so well known. Movies are hard to make, and you have to work toward a common ethic and do your best.
Hannah Moskowitz, Gone, Gone, Gone|Be confident because the odds are in your favor.' He clears his throat, like talking this much hurts him. 'Not because you're a special snowflake.
Jeremy Radin|Cruel, Clever Cat.Sally, having swallowed cheese,Directs down holes the scented breeze,Enticing thus with baited breathNice mice to an untimely death.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|Honour, in her modern self-confidence, had grown up never having to face actual raw, passionate, drop-down-dead-hostility. She didn't really understand what was going to happen,
Richard Branson|Sometimes we are separated by differences, and sometimes we are united by common ideals of respect and compassion.
Michael  Grant|People are idiots, Choo. Always remmber that: people are faithless, backstabbing, weak, creepy, stupid, lazy idiots.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Did you think I'd only want you once? Oh, my, you are more naïve than I thought. Why would I go through so much trouble for a mere tryst? Does a man ride a stallion but one time before condemning it to the abattoir?
Dean Koontz, Breathless|Another of the great civilizations, the Aztecs, raised a breed of hairless chihuahuas especially for eating. When the Conquistadors arrived and found dog on the menu, they were of the same opinion as Mademoiselle, that this was evidence of the worst form of barbarism. They, the Spaniards, used dogs as befits civilized and Christian men - to hunt down fugitive Indians and tear them to pieces.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|Uncle Acton spent the whole of his working life in India, for the simple reason that he gave up work very young.
Philippa Gregory, The White Queen|I do think your brother grows more peculiar every day,' I complain to Edward when he comes to my rooms in Whitehall Palace to escort me to dinner.'Which one?' he asks lazily. 'For you know I can do nothing right in the eyes of either. You would think they would be glad to have a York on the throne and peace in Christendom, and one of the finest Christmas feasts we have ever arranged; but no: Richard is leaving court to go back north as soon as the feast is over, to demonstrate his outrage that we are not slogging away in a battle with the French, and George is simply bad tempered.
Jason Dias|The existential hero strives for authenticity even when it is costly, lives meaningfully in the midst of a banal, absurd world, and confronts rather than rejecting reality regardless of the personal cost.
Patricia A. Woertz|I definitely got my philanthropic genes from my mom and dad. They taught me from a very early age to always lend a helping hand to anyone in need, and I hope to raise my daughter to be a very kind and charitable person.
Horace Walpole|I'll try anything, but the pig testicles in Taiwan were a little much. Eh, it wasn't half bad. There was this one dish I had there, the translation is, 'The Monk Jumps over the Fence.' It's a fish dish with all these spices. It was beautiful, man - it was poetry. It had a whole story.
Amy Carmichael, Toward Jerusalem|O Thou who art my quietness, my deep repose,My rest from strife of tongues, my holy hill,Fair is Thy pavilion, where I hold me still.Back let them fall from me, my clamorous foes,Confusions multiplied;From crowding things of sense I flee, and Thee I hide.Until this tyranny be overpast,Thy hand will hold me fast;What though the tumult of the storm increase,Grant to Thy servant strength, O Lord, and bless with peace.
Anthony Storr, Solitude: A Return to the Self|Solitude is the biggest medicine for once peace, It makes your heart pure and calm.
Laura Staley|When you lose a beloved belonging, rather than being unkind to yourself, imagine finding it and feeling relief and joy. Sometimes when things get lost, it’s a reminder to appreciate all you still have. The experience of reconnecting with something you love and use often increases one’s sense of gratitude.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Sometimes something that you've been asking forIt's just something that you could not see before. For it was something that made you belong,And that was there the whole time all along.
Jennifer Niven, Holding Up the Universe|It's in The Lord of the Rings, I think, where one of the characters says that "way leads on to way"; that you could start at a path leading nowhere more fantastic than from your own front steps to the sidewalk, and from there you could go . . . well, anywhere at all. It's the same way with stories. One leads to the next, to the next, and to the next; maybe they go in the direction you wanted to go, but maybe they don't. Maybe in the end it's the voice that tells the stories more than the stories themselves that matters.
Kathy Bryson, Feeling Lucky|Not again, Draper," Frank sighed. "You're not going to stop us from crossing. You and I know that the one thing the Government does even more poorly than provide healthcare is secure its borders.
Julie Kagawa, The Forever Song|Fear and hopelessness washed over her. She was looking her own mortality in the face, and it was a horrifying thing to do.
Mike Gallagher|Having read my share of tell-alls over the year, including some that were passed off as autobiographies, I mostly feel sad - sometimes for the writer and sometimes for all the people in his way. I hope that the process of writing the tell-all gives some release and closure on what clearly was an unpleasant and unfulfilling life experience.
Fred Thompson|The biggest misconception people have about me is that when they see how young I am, they think, 'Oh, this guy must have always wanted to be in politics; his parents must have been politically connected.' I'm a finance major and always intended to go into business.
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|Science suggests that intuition or whole-body learning is a real form of intelligence, and it works on a far larger scale than most of us have ever realized. It may be difficult to describe and is not always easy to get in touch with, but it can process information on a more sophisticated level.
David G. Benner, Sacred Companions: The Gift of Spiritual Friendship Direction|Spiritual friends help us most when they make clear that their job is to point the way, not to lead the way. And the Way to which they should point is Jesus.
M.W.Latif|Whenever there is love beyond boundaries .... Whenever trust flows deeper than oceans .... Nevertheless, a Trial is born .... You pass that trial, sacred you shall be .... if you don't, your are immortal !!!!
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|It’s okay to glance at the light of another. But when you stare too long, it will blind you from seeing your own.
Matthew Desmond|I want people to know me through the movies I do. I want to be judged on that. If you start becoming famous for your personal life, that's when your career goes away.
Rod McKuen|I have a cat, the pet that ranks just above a throw pillow in terms of required responsibility.
Michel Houellebecq, Platform|Anything can happen in life, especially nothing.
Stormie Omartian|If you want to determine if your thoughts are from the enemy or from God, ask yourself, 'Are these thoughts I’d choose to have?
Roger Ebert|America's greatest contribution to the world is its concept of democracy, its concept of freedom, freedom of action, freedom of speech, and freedom of thought.
Raphael Zernoff|Life isn't memorable enough to remember everything. It's not like there are explosions all the time, or dog smoking cigarettes.
Robyn Bachar, Blood, Smoke and Mirrors|I can still feel my legs, thanks for asking. My back’s not even hurt that badly. Only as though I was just hit by a train.
Luther Standing Bear, My Indian Boyhood|Now all these virtues mean one thing, and that is bravery. A Sioux boy was taught to be brave always. It was not sufficient to be brave enough to go to war. He must be brave enough to make personal sacrifices and to think little of personal gain. To be brave was the supreme test of a Sioux boy, and this bravery might receive a greater test in times of peace than in times of war.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire|I'll tell you what I want. Magic! Yes, yes, magic! I try to give that to people. I misinterpret things to them. I don't tell the truth. I tell what ought to be truth. And if that is sinful, then let me be damned for it! - Don't turn the light on!
Cheikh Anta Diop, Civilisation Ou Barbarie|With Truth, Reason, and Morality off the board, we then capture their last Rook —that prissy little virtue, Temperance— for she depends on those other three for her beauty and was thus left wholly undefended.
Benjamin Franklin|The securest place is a prison cell, but there is no liberty
Julia McCann|The leaves of the trees will stroke your cheeks, The wind will blow through your chest and cleanse your soul, The magical sounds of the earth, animals and the elements will hug your ears, The positive vibrations of the earth will fall asleep next to your heart and the breathtaking beauty of the earth will ease your mind. If you allow it, the earth, in itself, will heal you.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Works of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Unasked, Unsought, Love gives itself but is not bought
Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson|So she looked upon the wolves, who were dwindling in number, and back at the humans who no longer cared for their own, and combined their spirits. She took the loyal, protective, possessive natures of the wolf and took the intelligence, emotions, and love of the human and brought them together. She designed us to be a pack.
David Cameron|A revolutionary party is, in its essence, the party of its leader that carries out his ideology and cause, and the main thing in its building is to ensure the unitary character and inheritance of his ideology and leadership.
J.A. Dennam|All that guides me is fear,And all that finds me is lossDeath defines which paths I crossIt is within the shadows that I stumbleAnd I am desperate without a voiceHere I am threatened by the resolve that you are my soulBut if my lies are the path that I have to wander because there is no choiceWill you love me still?In the darkness of the night when I wish to do nothing more than take flight?Will you hold me to this plane and ease the suffering and pain?When all you know is the truthAnd all they see is the liesWill I be the one you find, or the one you leave behind?Alone may be the only home I shall find
Avina Celeste|I tell myself I am brave and yet, I still fear change. I guess it’s time to face that fear.
Johnny Depp|A Constitution of Government once changed from Freedom, can never be restored. Liberty, once lost, is lost forever.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|From the beginning, man could look up at a vast universe dotted by innumerable stars to find every evidence that he was nothing. This evidence only grows stronger as science and technology record an expanse of galaxies filled with planetary solar systems beyond any visible end. Man is but a grain of sand lost on an endless seashore, and yet he believes with conviction in his own greatness.  He is either a divine soul intuitively aware of his inherent, limitless potential—or he is a blind fool.
Will Rogers|She'll come, if not today, then tomorrow, but she'll find me. That's the cursed romanticism of all these pure hearts! Oh the vileness, oh the stupidity, oh the narrowness, of these rotten, sentimental souls
Leslie Parrish, Cold Touch|Would you believe I was in the neighborhood?”“No."“Well, how about that I needed to see you.”“Why? Did one of my neighbors call and say my cat’s been stalking their bunny?”One corner of his mouth went up. “You know, that sounds like a euphemism. A kind of salacious one”“Ooh, big words for Mr. Average Joe street cop,” she said, knowing she sounded bitchy but unable to help it. “Can you take out the angry eyes, Mrs. Potato Head, and just let me talk to you?
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|Food and eating often mask our pain, our inner longing for God, for acceptance. It is key to know our motivation for eating as well as for other actions. Why do I eat? Am I tired, am I bored, am I stressed and tired? A good practice is to live in the present moment, aware of the reality in which I am immersed.
Susan C. Young|Changing your perception will alter your interpretations and therefore, your reality. If you feel like you’re hitting a wall because you simply don’t understand something, or another person has a different approach, keep your mind open and willing to reinterpret it with fresh eyes, more information, a change in position, or a new perspective
Debasish Mridha|Be like a tree, bloom like a flower, sing like a bird, and dance like a peacock.
Lianne Downey, Speed Your Evolution: Become the Star Being You Are Meant to Be|We may hop when the gods say 'frog,' but we still get to choose how fast and how high.
Thrity Umrigar, The Weight of Heaven|In India even the most mundane inquiries have a habit of ending this way. There may be two answers, there may be five, a dozen or a hundred; the only thing that is certain is that all will be different.
Heidi Priebe, This Is Me Letting You Go|Sometimes you're going to have to let one person go a thousand different times, a thousand different ways, and there's nothing pathetic or abnormal about that. You are human.
Gregory Woods, A History of Gay Literature: The Male Tradition|What ultimately got me through was my single-minded determination, voiced aloud to myself and recorded in my diary, to discover the causes of my blindness and never to repeat them. Fearlessly pursuing insight was my badge of honor, my route back to self-respect.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If the United Nations could bring lasting peace, man could say to God, “We do not need You anymore. We have brought peace on earth and have organized humanity in righteousness.” All of these schemes are patchwork remedies that a sick and dying world must use while waiting for the Great Physician.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|I’m curious about why there’s so much honor given to death, when there is no honor in losing someone you love.
|Before you begin scrambling up the ladder of success, make sure that it is leaning against the right building.
Brianna Wiest|It’s not about getting over things, it’s about making room for them. It’s about painting the picture with contrast.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|The moral of the tale is, don't live for the approval of others. The real you is here to find out the secret of life, not to satisfy someone else's opinion.
forexnx|The personal checks and balances that most of us bring to bear when we are employed in other activities - we ask ourselves if we are producing a socially useful product - operate less well in finance because, with few exceptions, making money is the Raison d'être (reason for existence) for the financier
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred|Just because you can't believe it, doesn't mean it's not happening
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World|Perhaps it's true you can't go back in time, but you can return to the scene of a love, of a crime, of happiness, and of a fateful decision; the places are what remain, are what you can possess, are what is immortal.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|One thing I have asked from Jehovah- It is what I will look for- That I may dwell in the house of Jehovah all the days of my life, To gaze upon the pleasantness of Jehovah And to look with appreciation upon his temple.
Bob Proctor|If you know what to do to reach your goal, it's not a big enough goal." - Bob Proctor
Angeline Kace, Wicked Thing|His gaze settled on her mouth. “Have you been kissed before, inspector?”“Why?” If he wanted virgin lips, she’d claim to have serviced an army.“If it’s your first, I’ll do it differently.”“You won’t do it at all.”“Yes, I will.
Jerry Porras, Success Built to Last: Creating a Life that Matters|The essential difference with Builders is that they've found something to do that matters to them and are therefore so passionately engaged, they rise above the personality baggage that would otherwise hold them down. Whatever they are doing has so much meaning to them that the cause itself provides charisma and they plug into it as if it was electrical current.
John Fowles, The Magus|By then she was dead. In fact, she may have been dead a while ago. Physically, several seconds ago, mentally, ages ago.
Angie karan|We are souls, eternal and perfect, captains of our mystic ships: gods and goddesses of our universe. We are beautiful, we pearls of grit. We, the ember of everything. Our uniqueness IS what makes us special, and the expression of it is our gift to the rest of us. In order to feel happy and fulfilled, we must honour our own personal brand of creativity... let it out into the world... BE who we came here to BE.
William Faulkner, Mosquitoes|Talk, talk, talk: the utter and heartbreaking stupidity of words.
Ray Manzarek|If someone says 'grunge' or 'punk,' you know what the sound is, but if you say 'No Wave,' it's kind of mysterious. That was the most interesting part and should have been the most inspirational thing about it... here's this collective sonic insanity, and none of it sounds anything alike.
Mark Twain|Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absence of fear.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|In 1949, neurologist Egas Moniz (1874-1955) received a Nobel Prize for his discovery of ‘the therapeutic value of leucotomy in certain psychoses’. Today, prefrontal leucotomy is derided as a barbaric treatment from a much darker age, and it is to be hoped that, one day, so too might antipsychotic drugs.
Walter Lowenfels|We are all poets, really.
Margot Robbie|I've thought for the last decade or so, the only actual place raw truth was seeping through in newspapers was on the Comics Pages. They were able to pull off intelligent social comment, pure truths not found elsewhere in the news pages, and had the ability to make it all funny, entertaining, and pertinent.
Jimmy Fallon|It feels silly to watch endless hours of winter sports every four years, when we never watch them any other time, and we don't even understand the rules, which doesn't stop us from scoring everyone, every run, every skate, every race.
RVM|We salute the Brain, that made the Plane and the Train…But who made the Brain?
Christine de Pizan, Der Sendbrief vom Liebesgott / The Letter of the God of Love|Yet if women are so flighty, fickle, changeable, susceptible, and inconstant (as some clerks would have us believe), why is it that their suitors have to resort to such trickery to have their way with them? And why don't women quickly succumb to them, without the need for all this skill and ingenuity in conquering them? For there is no need to go to war for a castle that is already captured.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In great troubles, we learn to trust in God.
Sunday Adelaja|Go gave us His authority, He gave us His wisdom, He is waiting for our actions
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|What Galileo and Newton were to the seventeenth century, Darwin was to the nineteenth.
Ally Condie, Reached|We need you.""I'm sorry, but I can't let that keep me here anymore.
RVM|Although, we know that our earthly journey will end soon, we continue chasing millions which we finally have to leave behind.
Erik Pevernagie|Sadly enough, individual liberty remains the ideal of revolutionary thinkers even in the 21st Century.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Life is so complete that even when we are knocked on our backs, we have the best view of the stars.
Robin Rose Bennett, The Gift of Healing Herbs: Plant Medicines and Home Remedies for a Vibrantly Healthy Life|This original version of Coca-Cola contained a small amount of coca extract and therefore a trace of cocaine. (It was eliminated early in the twentieth century, though other extracts derived from coca leaves remain part of the drink to this day.) Its creation was not the accidental concoction of an amateur experimenting in his garden, but the deliberate and painstaking culmination of months of work by an experienced maker of quack remedies.
|Life is not a competition between you and others; rather, it's a journey to continuously make the very best out of your true abilities in life.
Gaston Bachelard|Childhood is a human water, a water which comes out of the shadows. This childhood in the mists and glimmers, this life in the slowness of limbo gives us a certain layer of births. What a lot of beings we have begun! What a lot of lost springs which have nevertheless, flowed! Reverie toward our past then, reverie looking for childhood seems to bring back lives which which have never taken place, lives which have been imagined. Reverie is a mnemonics of the imagination. In reverie we re-enter into contact with possibilities which destitute has not been able to make use of.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|God did not create you to be alone. He deposited skills, knowledge, and talents in someone out there who is expected to mentor you, teach you and encourage you to go high. Go, get a mentor!
Rob Liano|You are self employed. You work to pay your bills, build your dreams and create your life, regardless of who signs your paycheck.
Debasish Mridha|Feel special, because you are.
Nourhan Mamdouh|My feelings remain the same for you, but you chose to walk away...
Peter Orner, Am I Alone Here?: Notes on Living to Read and Reading to Live|Without guidance and support for patients and families approaching death, there may be unnecessary conflict, confusion, and trauma that linger long after the passing of a loved one.
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|the normal laws of development are inverted here in the Congo. The forest, not the town, offers the safest sanctuary and it is grandfathers who have been more exposed to modernity than their grandchildren. I can think of nowhere else on the planet where the same can be true.” p141
Ingrid Betancourt, Even Silence Has an End: My Six Years of Captivity in the Colombian Jungle|If you believe what you say, words become reality.
Sheryl Sandberg|Even in the midst of life’s adversity, struggle or strife; Love’s enduring presence remains steadfast.
Brad Thor|A little politeness might smooth the way ahead. Knowing it was his turn to be dispatched, the best he could hope for was as swift a death as the one Massetti had so thanklessly received.
Dixie Waters|To realize the value of 1 week, ask an editor of a weekly newspaper. To realize the value of 10 years, ask a newly divorced couple. To realize the value of 4 years, ask a graduate. To realize the value of 1 year, ask a student who has failed their final exam. To realize the value of 9 months, ask a mother who has given birth to a stillborn. To realize the value of 1 mont, ask a mother who has given birth prematurely. To realize the value of 1 minute, ask a person who missed the train, bus or plane. To realize the value of 1 second, ask a person who has survived an accident. To realize the value of freedom ask a person who's in prison. To realize the value of success, ask a person who has failed. To realize the value of a friend, relative, family member or partner, LOSE ONE." Time waits for no-one, treasure every split-second.
Lisa Kleypas, Rainshadow Road|There comes a time in a man's life, if he is unlucky and leads a full life, when he has a secret so dirty that he knows he never will get rid of it. (Shakespeare knew this and tried to say it, but he said it just as badly as anyone ever said it. 'All the perfumes of Arabia' makes you think of all the perfumes of Arabia and nothing more. It is the trouble with all metaphors where human behavior is concerned. People are not ships, chess men, flowers, race horses, oil paintings, bottles of champagne, excrement, musical instruments or anything else but people. Metaphors are all right to give you an idea.)
William Gaddis|Kind words are a creative force, a power that concurs in the building up of all that is good, and energy that showers blessings upon the world.
Sharlene Leong|Human communication and literature are all made of words; thus, it’s hard to overestimate their unbelievable power.
Sean Beaudoin, You Killed Wesley Payne|War's a racket. No doubt. But war is a racket for the politicians, not the soldiers.
Gemma Liviero, Broken Angels|Crossing the Atlantic on that new day was supposed to be a sharp delineation, a from-now-on demarcation in my life story. What I took off from was not supposed to arrive with me upon landing or ever pulse in me again. From the ocean and sky and the hours in flight, I intended to extract a selective, permanent amnesia.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|When his flock thronged into the midnight service, there was wonder on every face at the newly hung greens and the softly flickering candles on each windowsill. To the simple beauty of the historic church was added fresh, green hope, the lush scent of flowers in winter, and candle flame that cast its flickering shadows over the congregation like a shawl.
Frederick Lewis Donaldson|The Seven Social Sins are: Wealth without work. Pleasure without conscience. Knowledge without character. Commerce without morality. Science without humanity. Worship without sacrifice. Politics without principle.From a sermon given by Frederick Lewis Donaldson in Westminster Abbey, London, on March 20, 1925.
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo|Second, this epic tale allows the audience to actually listen to the Native Americans and receive their wisdom. Spielberg conveys the respect for Native Americans that is normally lacking in Western films.
Georges Simenon|It's populated by people who, by and large, have terrific communication skills. Every day is an extraordinary day. For me, it was just a great area for storytelling.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All transgressions begin with sinful thinking . . . guard against the pictures of lewdness and sensuality that Satan flashes upon the screen of your imagination, select with care the books you read, choose discerningly the kind of entertainment youattend, the kind of associates with whom you mingle, and the kind of environment in which you place yourself.
Anon1467|You are more powerful than your government, and your government are worried the day you discover it!!!
Tommy Hilfiger|T'was the night before Christmas, when all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.
RVM|Once you say that you are perfect, it actually means you are dead, because you are killing the opportunity to improve and grow.
Bob Burg and John David Mann, It's Not About You: A Little Story About What Matters Most in Business|The single biggest challenge to any organization is the constant cloud of fear and doubt that swirls around the heads of the people involved. As a leader, your job is to hold fast to the big picture, to keep seeing in your mind’s eye, with crystal clarity, where it is you’re going—that place that right at this moment exists only in your mind’s eye. And to keep seeing that, even when nobody else does. Especially when nobody else does. Your people count on you to do this. It’s the biggest job you have.
Kay Redfield Jamison|There is always a part of my mind that is preparing for the worst, and another part of my mind that believes if I prepare enough for it, the worst won’t happen.
Geoffrey Wood|She herself, as she had said, was oddly enjoying the snowy night. She had seldom had reason to be abroad in such weather at night, and she had forgotten, or never noticed, how clear the sky was or how brightly the stars twinkled down. They might have been the only ones alive in the whole world, for it was deadly still, the eerie light giving the night almost a magical quality. Everyday items were rendered mysterious and beautiful by their layer of white, and the only sounds were those they made, of creaking leather and the crisp squeak of snow underfoot.
Tennessee Williams|Nobody sees anybody truly but all through the flaws of their own egos. That is the way we all see ...each other in life. Vanity, fear, desire, competition-- all such distortions within our own egos-- condition our vision of those in relation to us. Add to those distortions to our own egos the corresponding distortions in the egos of others, and you see how cloudy the glass must become through which we look at each other. That's how it is in all living relationships except when there is that rare case of two people who love intensely enough to burn through all those layers of opacity and see each other's naked hearts.
Travis Bradberry|They didn't want it good, they wanted it Wednesday.
Adrian R. Lewis|As history has shown, any new computing device capable of running a game will, by hook or by crook, soon have them available. (aka, the "Loguidice Law")
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|Death will always be a part of life, and life will always be a part of death
Cynthia Hand|Another silence for the record books. Then he sighs."I know. It's crazy. I feel like --" He stops himself. He suddenly looks so miserable that my heart aches for him.I hate my life.
John Banville, The Sea|The problem with aging is not that it's one damn thing after another—it's every damn thing, all at once, all the time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In America we have an idolatry called the “adulation of youth.” Apparently distressed by their inability to communicate with the younger generation, many adults simply imitate it.
Albert Einstein|The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Continual prayer is a lifestyle."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Richelle E. Goodrich|By small and simple sentences, great books come to pass.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decide Morir - Tapa Azul|I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be. I know it's crazy.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|He was a contented dragon, not a tame one.
Almaas, A.H.|...suffering is not a problem that can be solved therapeutically; it is not a matter of emotional conflict. Psychologists and psychotherapists deal usefully with human suffering by working on the conflicts of the personality, but from the perspective of spiritual teachings this approach clearly cannot deal with the basic problem, the root of all emotional conflicts.When the Buddha said that life is suffering, he did not mean only neurotic suffering. He was referring to the more fundamental understanding that there is bound to be suffering in the life of the ego, because one is not seeing reality correctly; one is taking oneself to be something that actually does not exist. It is a problem of mistaken identity" - (The Pearl Beyond Price, 28).
Eudora Welty, On Writing|In real life I fell easily under the spell of all traveling artists. En route to New Orleans, entertainments of many kinds would stop over in those days for a single performance in Jackson's Century Theatre. Then, as now, my imagination was magnetized toward transient artists - toward the transience as much as the artists. I must have seen "Acrobats in a Park" at the time I wrote the story as exotic, free of any experience as I knew it. At the center of the little story is the Zorro's act: the feat of erecting a structure of their bodies that holds together, interlocked, and stands like a wall. Writing about the family act, I was writing about the family itself, its strength as a unit, testing its frailty under stress. I treated it in an artificial and oddly formal way; the stronghold of the family is put on view as a structure built each night; on the night before the story opens, the Wall has come down when the most vulnerable member slips, and the act is done for. But from various points within it and from outside it, I've been writing about the structure of the family in stories and novels ever since. In spite of my uncompromising approach to it, my fundamental story form might have been trying to announce itself to me.
David Gemmell, Lion of Macedon|When there's nothing left to save, there's nothing left to lose.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Holy God, Holy light.
DaShanne Stokes|Life isn't always about finding yourself. More often than not, it's about discovering who God created you to be.
Matthew J. Murphy, REMEDY: HOW I CURED THE INCURABLE|A nurse later told me that I was her ‘”One.” Meaning, I was her one story of hope to tell others who are facing similar odds against them.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Love is not only one of the greatest blessings in your personal life, but when it is extended professionally, the possibilities are endless.
Robert Browning|Days decrease, / And autumn grows, autumn in everything.
Dominic Monaghan|I am proud of my kids, but I also want to make my mom proud of me. I'm still a momma's girl at the heart of the situation.
Brynn Myers, The Life & Death of Jorja Graham|Maybe next time you'll take me up on dinner."	"I doubt it, Mr. Holbrook. I'm pretty sure hell will freeze over first."	Again he smiled. "Well, that may be happening sooner than you think, my dear.
Jim Gaffigan, Dad Is Fat|I FELL DEEP down in there, until this bright light raised me from sleep. Coming out of a pit such as that, you think the bright light could be God or a cop on patrol.
Hannah Strom-Martin|When dealing with writers it breaks down like this: a regular writer is your average everyday megalomaniac. Like every artist, there's a part of them that believes--nay, knows--the world turns for them. Most are harmless. Some are obnoxious. Some are Bret Easton Ellis.
Geoffrey Canada|I think that from the time you start playing sports as a child you see that your responsibility to your team is to play the best that you can play as an individual... and yet, not take anything away from being part of a team.
Milan Kundera|Perhaps the reason we are unable to love is that we yearn to be loved, that is, we demand something (love) from our partner instead of delivering ourselves up to him demand-free and asking for nothing but his company.
Apollo Blake, Shadows of Ourselves|God, what would someone so afraid do with power so awful?
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|Look, the thing that's going to make Disneyland unique and different,' he insisted, 'is the detail. If we loose the detail, we loose it all.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., Sleepers: A Little Book on How to Find Hope, Meaning and the Courage to Fall in Love with Your Dreams|Sometimes, sleepers turn up as common people who do everyday things, and create a new destiny for themselves when nobody’s watching.
J.R. Rim, Write like no one is reading 2|I can cross my arms and I can cross my legs, but nothing seems to cross my mind.
Ted Todd, The 'Software' of Your Personality: The Meaning and Purpose of Life|Your memories are you. There is, it seems, no other You.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|Some of the subjects of Puppies and Babies may not identify as queer, but it doesn’t matter: the installation queers them. By which I mean to say that it partakes in a long history of queers constructing their own families—be they composed of peers or mentors or lovers or ex-lovers or children or non-human animals—and that it presents queer family making as an umbrella category under which baby making might be a subset, rather than the other way around. It reminds us that any bodily experience can be made new and strange, that nothing we do in this life need have a lid crammed on it, that no one set of practices or relations has the monopoly on the so-called radical, or the so-called normative.
Neil Gaiman|Bisexuality means I am free and I am as likely to want to love a woman as I am likely to want to love a man, and what about that? Isn't that what freedom implies?
Warren Zevon|It's not government that creates jobs; it's small business. Our job is to make sure they have the access to capital, the access to contracting opportunities, and the help, advice and mentoring that they need to go out and be successful.
Merlin Stone, When God Was a Woman|Yet rather than calling the earliest religions, which embraced such an open acceptance of all human sexuality, 'fertility cults,' we might consider the religions of today as strange in that they seem to associate shame and even sin with the very process of conceiving new human life. Perhaps centuries from now scholars and historians will be classifying them as 'sterility cults.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|It is highly abnormal today to be happy in this highly abnormal world. It can only come with complete distancing from all things around, all events around and all people and our equations with them. We transact, interact only to the extent of necessity and our well-being.The question is then what remains of us from such acute levels of detachments that we build as safety barriers to safeguard our happiness ? If our happiness is so fragile, then are we truly happy ? If we are immersed in the world and still happy then we must surely possess the highest degree of tolerance for the vilest of things. The picture that emerges of a happy individual is not a happy one.
Susan  Fletcher, Eve Green|Love is blind, they say--but isn't it more that love makes us see too much? Isn't it more that love floods our brain with sights and sounds, so that everything looks bigger, brighter, more lovely than ever before?
Allen Klein|Who I was was not acceptable to black L.A. youth: the way I spoke and my sense of humor. Everybody else had relaxers and pressed hair. I wore my hair in an Afro puff. Nappy. The way I dressed. It was all about name brands at the time in L.A. I had no idea. All those things, I failed miserably at.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|In any relationship, there will be frightening spells in which your feelings of love dry up. And when that happens you must remember that the essence of marriage is that it is a covenant, a commitment, a promise of future love. So what do you do? You do the acts of love, despite your lack of feeling. You may not feel tender, sympathetic, and eager to please, but in your actions you must BE tender, understanding, forgiving and helpful. And, if you do that, as time goes on you will not only get through the dry spells, but they will become less frequent and deep, and you will become more constant in your feelings. This is what can happen if you decide to love.
Alexi Lawless, Complicated Creatures: Part One|I’m not the one who kissed you in the bathroom. In case you’re thinking I forgot about that, or somehow missed it, or …”“Kind of hard to miss,” Ian agreed. “Your lips, mine. A distinct smacking sound. Yup, that was me kissing you. Still, it was short—quickly over and done. A kiss good-bye. The subtext was I hope we don’t die, but if we do, it was nice meeting you. Not at all like that under-the-dock kiss.” He paused. “The one where you jumped me. The first time. So far.” He narrowed his eyes at her, much the way she’d done to him. “Naturally I’m suspicious. Did you intentionally leave my clothes behind?
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|We’ll have to go back there one day, the both of us. You can show my all your favorite places.”“Silly man,” I laughed and pulled his face down to mine. “You are my favorite place.
Braam Malherbe, The Great Run: Conquering the Sleeping Dragon Within: Life's Lessons on the Run|Have you ever thought that if one thing hadn't happened, a whole set of things never would have either? Like dominoes in time, a single event kicked off an unstoppable series of changes that gained momentum and spun out of control, and nothing was ever the same again. Don't ever doubt that a mere second can change your life forever.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|There are many pleasant fictions of the law in constant operation, but there is not one so pleasant or practically humorous as that which supposes every man to be of equal value in its impartial eye, and the benefits of all laws to be equally attainable by all men, without the smallest reference to the furniture of their pockets.
Al Franken|Today I will masterbate!Okay, that was a mistake. I should have written "Today I will masterbate--if I want to!
A.E. Samaan|I am no worshiper of cloth of any color, but I love the red flag and what it symbolizes to me and other Socialists. I have a red flag hanging in my study, and if I could I should gladly march with it past the office of the Times and let all the reporters and photographers make the most of the spectacle.
Trae Crowder, The Liberal Redneck Manifesto: Draggin' Dixie Outta the Dark|I would have you come into the heart of the outer world and meet reality. Merely going on with your household duties, living your life in the world of household conventions and the drudgery of household tasks - you were not made for that! If we meet, and recognize each other, in the real world, then only will our love be true.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Watching someone you love go through difficult times is like being trapped in your own body but paralyzed. You want to yell at them, scream, help them, but your body won’t move, and you know that no matter how hard you try, in the end, the path is theirs to choose. You can’t choose for them. What a terrifying concept, especially considering we hardly see every option when we’re stuck in our own self-defeat.
Simon Armitage, Walking Home: A Poet's Journey|Prose fills a space, like a liquid poured in from the top, but poetry occupies it, arrays itself in formation, sets up camp and refuses to budge.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa, Borderlands/La Frontera: The New Mestiza|...we are the whole life that we have lived, its highs and lows, its fortunes and its hardships; we are the sum of the ghosts that haunt us...
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|The white man will never be alone. Let him be just, and deal kindly with my people. For the dead are not powerless.
Nick Cannon|When you're in a race car, you're going through so many different emotions throughout that race.
Anthony T. Hincks|An excerpt from:“Hypothetically Speaking”ByAnthony T. Hincks(A book about you and the world – coming soon!)If I was a savvy person, I would watch, and study mankind in order to find out where his weaknesses lay.Greed, for sure; vanity; mistrust; a tendency towards violence; fanaticism, and many other less than honorable traits and even some honorable ones which could also be used, and capitalized on.Then, once I had found his weaknesses I would act.I and some friends or family, not terms that I would usually use but ones that are more commonly used here on Earth, would start an empire.Months – Years - Millennium Who cares, for time is on my side, not yours!I would sow mistrust; magic; wisdom; knowledge, and start many religions.Why many religions?Because where would the fun be by just having one, when with a whole handful you can sow hatred; do unspeakable acts all in the name of religion. That’s a lot more fun, and, besides which, it suits my purposes.Innovation – Invention – Intelligence All of those things would come, but only at a time of my choosing.Decades would pass and then centuries. Wars would be fought. He against him. He against her. She against him. They against others.I tell you, watching something come to fruition is a hell of a lot of fun.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|I know you don't want this, Katsa. But I can't help myself. The moment you came barreling into my life I was lost. I'm afraid to tell you what I wish for, for fear you'll... oh, I don't know, throw me into the fire. Or more likely, refuse me. Or worst of all, despise me," he said, his voice breaking and his eyes dropping from her face. His face dropping into his hands. "I love you," he said. "You're more dear to my heart than I ever knew anyone could be. And I've made you cry; and there I'll stop.
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|The biggest fight in my relationship with Danny regards his absurd claim that he invited the popular middle school phenomenon of saying "cha-cha-cha" after each phrase of the Happy Birthday song- an idea his ingenious sixth-grade brain allegedly spawned in a New Jersey Chuck E. Cheese and watched spread across 1993 America with an unprecedented rapidity.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|For the first time, I understand that, as much as one might desire change, one has to be willing to take a risk, to free-fall, to fail, and that you've got to let go of the past.
Antonio Gramsci|I could lose my mind, your love drives me crazy, and I ignore the reason why I'm crying at everytime I remember it's not reciprocal and you're saying that you're sorry because you don't show everything.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|I don't break the rules, I simply bend them in my favor.
Sheri Dew, If Life Were Easy, It Wouldn't Be Hard: And Other Reassuring Truths|If you're serious about sanctification, you can expect to experience heart-wrenching moments that try your faith, your endurance, and your patience.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|If they aren't laughing at your goals, you are not dreaming big enough.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries Of Meditations|Give us this day our daily Faith, but deliver us, dear God, from Belief.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|If you are a dreamer, come in,If you are a dreamer, a wisher, a liar,A hope-er, a pray-er, a magic bean buyer...If you're a pretender come sit by my fireFor we have some flax-golden tales to spin.Come in!Come in!
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|When you say you are losing it, it actually means you are losing faith in yourself.
Bill Watterson|The purpose of writing is to inflate weak ideas, obscure poor reasoning and inhibit clarity.
Heather Nova|If I flew for you, you would still be standing.
Saaskia Aark-Bennett|Kat held her head high as she met the King's eye.Her stare was bold, yet sweet, and it would not die.Gansevort looked down into these dark, green pools.And soon his tone softened as he bought her ruse.
|We were all journalists, professional truth-seekers, but one thing we knew about the truth that laymen were prone to disregard was that it need not be literal or factual; the unpredictable human personality was itself a fact.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ 2: Preparing for God's Paradise|When God gives you wealth, it is not a blessing; it is a test. He wants to test your faith in Him plus your desire and willingness to share. Be careful with the love of money.
Michael K. Simpson|When I see a dolphin, I know it's just as smart as I am.
Sophia McDougall, Mars Evacuees|What about our human rights,' demanded Carl, who'd gathered a small deputation of kids within minutes. 'There is a WAR ON,' said Crewman Devlin, shortly. I wondered if this meant grown-ups actually listen to you when there wasn't a war on, because somehow I was sceptical.
Anonymous|When knowledge and education reach you, you have an whole new world of opportunities to be free, happy and healthy.
Mitch Albom|You can feel the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-- no matter how smart or accomplished--they cry, they yearn, they hurt. But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things: comfort, love and a peaceful heart.
B. D. Wong|I still get up every morning at 4 A.M. I write seven days a week, including Christmas. And I still face a blank page every morning, and my characters don't really care how many books I've sold.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Innovation was a curious thing. It never failed to amaze him. And yet this place confirmed what they’d long known: that truly disruptive innovation rarely came from the expected sources. They’d had so much more luck investing in eccentric B and C students. The rationale was simple: Those heavily invested in the status quo had difficulty thinking outside of it—and were often tainted by it. Especially when success and peer approval beckoned. One did not accidentally graduate from top-tier schools. One strove to get in and to maintain grades once there, and to do that, one usually needed to be a master at conformity. To excel in all the accepted conventions. No, the truly different thinkers often went unnoticed.
Charles R. Swindoll|While God, for the most part, allows this cosmos [creation] to work according to the laws of nature, there is never a time when He is not actively involved in every detail of life.
Heather Dixon, Entwined|Miracles happen on Christmas, Pat. Everybody knows that shit.
Jean-Paul Sartre|What I discovered I liked best about striking out on my bicycle was that the farther I got from home, the more interesting and unusual my thoughts became.
Bharat|If you love somebody, go get them. Deal with the mess later. They are important more than anything.... You don't know what tomorrow will bring.......... and sometimes tomorrow never come ........
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|You know how it is - some hot guys don't make your hormones go crazy, while some unattractive guys have massive sex appeal. This guy had it all.
Stephen King|Between the world we seeand the things we fear, there are doors. When they are opened, nightmares become reality.
Milan Kundera|They shout that they want to shape a better future, but it's not true. The future is only an indifferent void no one cares about,but the past is filled with life, and its countenance is irritating, repellent, wounding, to the point that we want to destroy it or repaint it. We want to be the masters of the future only for the power to change the past. We fight for access to the labs where we can retouch photos and rewrite biographies and history.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Time’s a goon, right? You gonna let that goon push you around?” Scotty shook his head. “The goon won.
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|Our Father who art in nature, who has given the gift of survival to the coyote, the common brown rat, the English sparrow, the house fly and the moth, must have a great and overwhelming love for no-goods and blots-on-the-town and bums, and Mack and the boys. Virtues and graces and laziness and zest. Our Father who art in nature.
Maya Angelou, And Still I Rise|when Whitman wrote, “I sing the body electric”I know what hemeantI know what hewanted:to be completely alive every momentin spite of the inevitable.we can’t cheat death but we can make itwork so hardthat when it does takeusit will have known a victory just asperfect asours
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|...I discovered I'm having a girl. And I hae spent a good portion of the last few weeks thinking about the kind f woman I'd like to see her become and the lessons I'd like to impart to her. Somewhere along the line, I decided it doesn't matter to me what type of woman she is, as much as what type of woman she is not. I never ever want her to become the type of woman who, suffocated by a screwed up society, fears herself, her desires, her ambitions, her impulses, her potential power.
Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom|Animals can be understimulated, but hardly bored.
Holy Bible, 1 Corinthians 13:11|When I was a child, I spoke as a child, I understood as a child, I reasoned as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Hope is not some thin thing that is subject to the winds of fate. Rather, it is something crafted hard by the hands of God.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Reconciliation: Healing the Inner Child|Do everything in mindfulness so you can really be there, so you can love.
E.R. Braithwaite, To Sir, With Love|Would it not therefore be wiser in moral concerns to acquiesce in the judgement of common reason, or at most only to call in philosophy for the purpose of rendering the system of morals more complete and intelligible, and its rules more convenient for use (especially for disputation), but not so as to draw off the common understanding from its happy simplicity, or to bring it by means of philosophy into a new path of inquiry and instruction?
Dalai Lama|When a man points a finger at someone else, he should remember that four of his fingers are pointing at himself.
Sharon K. Garner, River of Dreams|What could I offer the local bad boy except my livelihood? Oh, I know. My body or my planes! Why didn't I think of that? Would you have preferred that I offer him my body, Nic, because I sure as hell wasn't going to sign over either of my planes!
Deyth Banger, The Life of One Kid 1|Probably, after all we could say that life is like Dexter... a code... and how good can you work with it?
George R. R. Martin|I was convinced that eventually I would die of heart disease, that we'd run out of time and out of treatment, the technology wouldn't keep ahead of my disease. And now all of the sudden, when you get the new heart, your life opens up before you again.
Jeaniene Frost, The Beautiful Ashes|Grabbing her close to him, he spun her around and pushed her against the wall. They needed something solid to keep them steady, because he didn’t see himself giving up those lips any time soon. He would kiss her until she lost her breath and it was only his lips on hers that kept her upright. Only the kiss that kept her breathing.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|I pass and I stay, like the Universe.
Dwight Howard|If you're optimistic, think of it as bronze.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time. When she'd been young, she'd had an insatiable hunger for more of it, though she hadn't understood why. Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world. The apple tree was still nice to lie near. They peony, for its scent, also fine. When she walked through the woods (infrequently now) she picked her way along the path, making way for the boy inside to run along before her. It could be hard to choose the time outside over the time within.
Annasophia Robb|Where do I come from?We are the children of the Great Explosion of Love that begot the whole Universe. We bear a common lineage that unites us in its interminable matrix, that is manifested in all of the different and infinite dimensions, allowing us to participate in this unending co-creation with an attitude of loving co-responsibility. Who am I?I am a being of light (Love), with innumerable dimensional manifestations of shadings of Love and Life. The transitory experience within matter, time and space (human being) resides in those manifestations. This allows me the use of my free will in a co-responsible way in the co-creative process of life.
Mahatma Gandhi|Truth should be the very breath of our life. When once this state in the pilgrim's progress is reached, all other rules of correct living will come without any effort, and obedience to them will be instinctive.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You, the unhappy young! Try to take a leaf out of the old happy’s book!
G.K. Chesterton, Robert Browning|I write because I'm free,because I can,because I will. I write because I must,because I'm breathing,because I'd go crazy otherwise,because it's who I am.I write to make a statement,to share my thoughts,to discover myself,to express my ideas.But most of all, I write for future generations.I write for love. I write to inspire.I write to encourage. I write for me.
Mohammed Sekouty|Don't be a shadow of anyone,You are unique way or another
Paul Isaacs|Never trust a person whose smile doesn't reach their eyes, chances are they do similar thing when they "cry" - Just be sure you have that OSCAR ready next time they do this
Jessica Valenti, Full Frontal Feminism|Do you think it is fair that guy will make more money doing the same job as you? Does it piss you off and scare you when you find out about your friends getting raped? Do you ever feel like shit about your body? Do you ever feel like something is weong with you because you don't fit into this bizarre ideal of what girls are supposed to be like? Well, my friend, I hate to break it to you, but you're hardcore feminist. I swear.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you come to life from a heart of service, you may be surprised by the blessings you will receive in return.
Dixie Dawn Miller Goode, Double Time: On The Oregon Trail|she thought of the mix of kids in her class and in Melissa’s and she knew that the future could be bright. No one had tried to say she didn’t have a right to be in that school, or acted interested in who her ancestors were, but they had been interested in who she was and where she had moved from. They wanted to know what she did and wore and liked.
Gary Smith|Physical laws are ruled by logic, and are ungovernable: so when the die comes to rest on its edge, it owes neither apology nor account.
Thomas Kaplan|It has taken a great deal of energy, which has not been so difficult to summon as the necessary patience to wait, simply wait much of the time - until my instincts assured me that I had assembled my materials in proper order for a final welding into their natural form.
Augusten Burroughs, Running with Scissors|I hope we meet again," said Ramman."I do too," Tel Hesani said, then added underneath his breath, "Although I fear it won't be in this world.
Herbie Hancock|Without wisdom, the future has no meaning, no valuable purpose.
Angela Carter, The Bloody Chamber and Other Stories|I was a young girl, a virgin, and therefore men denied me rationality just as they denied it to all those who were not exactly like themselves, in all their unreason.
Beth Moore|The minute a person whose word means a great deal to others dare to take the open-hearted and courageous way, many others follow.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|I've arrived at this outermost edge of my life by my own actions. Where I am is thoroughly unacceptable. Therefore, I must stop doing what I've been doing.
Kelly  Oliver|He knew Kandinsky by heart: every trickle of red, slash of black ink, and hemorrhage of gold. Each dissonant note in its allegro, the harmony in its adagio, and its deep blue intermezzo, formed a symphony he had memorized in his body. He couldn’t say if Fragment 2 symbolized the Deluge, the Last Judgment, or the Resurrection. But it had become his religion, offering both redemption and pain..
Joe Glenton, Soldier Box: Why I Won't Return to the War on Terror|I disagreed with the conduct of the war, with bombing civilians, categorizing everyone as the enemy or simply as armed men, with the racism and the disregard for those people.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|In a world with amazing amounts of statistics and demographics available, If you don't utilize foresight, statistics, demographics, projections and predictions the competition will.
Madeleine L'Engle, The Ordering of Love: The New and Collected Poems of Madeleine L'Engle|How long your closet held a whiff of you,Long after hangers hung austere and bare.I would walk in and suddenly the trueSharp sweet sweat scent controlled the airAnd life was in that small still living breath.Where are you? since so much of you is here,Your unique odour quite ignoring death.My hands reach out to touch, to hold what's dearAnd vital in my longing empty arms.But other clothes fill up the space, your space,And scent on scent send out strange false alarms.Not of your odour there is not a trace.But something unexpected still breaks throughThe goneness to the presentness of you.
Debasish Mridha|If Scientists Like Einstein didn't exist, we wouldn't never know about the Universe
Shahla Khan, Friends With Benefits: Rethinking Friendship, Dating & Violence|Friendship improves happiness, abates misery by doubling our joy and dividing our grief.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|The first thing I needed, possibly the only thing, was to kiss her and I did, for as long as I could. I let us both breathe for a minute, and I perched her on a counter so I could touch the face I’d missed so much. I poured every bit of frustration, anger, sadness, and worry into that kiss. Meg understood and received it all, pushing her fingers into my hair and giggling against my lips. I didn’t care that anybody passing by could be watching us through the window, or that I could fall right there and sleep for a week.
Don Holt Jr.|He regarded Huginn as only slightly more dangerous than most pets, in that he understood why people had pets but harbored the paranoia they would one day eat their owners. True, it kept Eliot from even having a pet larger than his fist, but it also kept him from being kibble.
Julie Mehretu|Religious ritual is a way of structuring time so that we, not employers, the market or the media, are in control. Life needs its pauses, its chapter breaks, if the soul is to have space to breathe.
Blaise Pascal|Tengo's lectures took on uncommon warmth, and the students found themselves swept up in his eloquence. He taught them how to practically and effectively solve mathematical problems while simultaneously presenting a spectacular display of the romance concealed in the questions it posed. Tengo saw admiration in the eyes of several of his female students, and he realized that he was seducing these seventeen- or eighteen-year-olds through mathematics. His eloquence was a kind of intellectual foreplay. Mathematical functions stroked their backs; theorems sent warm breath into their ears.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Don't ever think you're alone here,We've just been trapped in different hells,And people aren't against you dear,They're just all for themselves.
David Bergen, The Age of Hope|Out of the woman's great brown breast the milk gushed forth for the child, milk as white as snow, and when the child suckled at the one breast it flowed like a fountain from the other, ans she let it flow. There was more than enough for the child, greedy though he was, life enough for many children, and she let it flow out carelessly, conscious of her abundance. There was always more. Sometimes she lifted her breast and let it flow out upon the ground to save her clothing, and it sank into the earth and made a soft, dark, rich spot in the field. The child fat and good-natured and ate of the inexhaustible life his mother gave him.
Dave Guerrero|My love for you it sings, It cries My love for you it dreams,It wake’sMy love for you it gives,It takesMy love for you it lives,But never dies.
Sara Zaske, Green|Every historical form of society is in its foundation a form of organization of labor. While every previous form of society was an organization of labor in the interests of a minority, which organized its State apparatus for the oppression of the overwhelming majority of the workers, we are making the first attempt in world history to organize labor in the interests of the laboring majority itself.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Great leaders have three things; inner light, inner vision and inner strength.
Sharon Law Tucker, How to Be a BadAss - A Survival Guide for Women|It was 10:30 in the morning and I was already running behind. This is hardly unusual, but it pisses me off every single time.
Megan Thomason, Daynight|Most people don't see half of what's in front of them. Your visual cortex does a shit load of imaging processing before the signal even gets to your brain, whose priorities are still checking the ancestral Savannah for dangerous predators, edible berries and climable trees. That's why a sudden cat in the night can make you jump and some people when distracted, can walk right out in front of a bus. Your brain just isn't interested in those large moving chunks of metal or the static heaps of brightly colored stuff that piles up in drifts around us. Never mind all that, says your brain, it's those silent fur-covered merchants of death you've got to watch out for.
Jill Conner Browne, The Sweet Potato Queens' Big-Ass Cookbook|I am growing old of course, but I am still in the early stages of disintegration, and regarded as just about cool enough by some fashionable young ppl to be permitted to think aloud.
Agatha Christie|We are ready to despair too soon, we are ready to say, ‘What’s the good of doing anything?’ Hope is the virtue we should cultivate most in this present day and age.
Andrew Agbonlahor, Demystifying Jesus of Nazareth: Parables and miracles.|Even the Master, in one way or another, is a student throughout life.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|The word pneuma (breath) shares its origins with the word psyche; they are both considered words for soul. So when there is song in a tale or mythos, we know that the gods are being called upon to breathe their wisdom and power into the matter at hand. We know then that the forces are at work in the spirit world, busy crafting soul.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|I remember an insight that taught me much about life. One day I felt that I had everything that I really wanted in life. I had a creative and meaningful work as a therapist and course leader, I had a relationship with a beautiful woman, who I loved and who loved me, I had friend that I trusted and I had money to do what I wanted. But in spite of all this, I still had a feeling that there was something missing in my life. I was not satisfied. The thirst and longing in my heart was still searching for something more. It made me realize that the deepest pain in my heart was that I was still separated from the Whole and that no outer things or relationships could ease this pain.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|I have drunken deep of joy,And I will taste no other wine tonight.
Lin Pardey, Bull Canyon: A Boatbuilder, a Writer and Other Wildlife|The night was white-blind with fog, and Kate staggered over every stone and stumbled in every puddle, but she pushed on as fast as she could.
|You are fine just the way you are. Don't allow anyone to reduce you to a state of inferiority. God created us all in His own image. Therefore, there is absolutely nothing inferior about you.
Lara Biyuts, The Sunless Parlour|Thinking more deeply into things usually left alone helps us to find bubbles of truth and clarity. When we realize we have power over our minds, we find strength, and that helps us float high along the forces of fate that order our motions within shapeless space.
R.J. Torbert, No Mercy|The other good thing was that I had enough rank to strong-arm Marjit into confessing that she'd been the one who'd told everything to Pa about my first invisibility cap, which was how Pa knew to come steal it. Unfortunately, since my rank in the surface world hung off Pa's, I did NOT have enough rank to take him to task for stealing my cap. So I just put him to sleep during a fancy dinner, so that he went facedown into the sour soup. Just the once. It eased my ire terrifically.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|The light of the sun is the manifestation of the clarity of the sky; and the sky is the basic condition necessary for the manifestation of the sun's light. So, too, in the sky two, three, four, or any number of suns could arise; but the sky always remains indivisibly one sky. Similarly, every individual's state of presence is unique and distinct, but the void nature of the individual is universal, and common to all beings.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|If I should ever die, God forbid, let this be my epitaph:THE ONLY PROOF HE NEEDEDFOR THE EXISTENCE OF GODWAS MUSIC
Flannery O'Connor|The Catholic novelist in the South will see many distorted images of Christ, but he will certainly feel that a distorted image of Christ is better than no image at all. I think he will feel a good deal more kinship with backwoods prophets and shouting fundamentalists than he will with those politer elements for whom the supernatural is an embarrassment and for whom religion has become a department of sociology or culture or personality development.
Ched Myers|I had never seen a woman in such despair before. It was worse than death, it was a constant longing for death and a constant rejection of life. She lived like darkness in her own day.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we neither regard the deeds nor respect the works of God, it leads to rebellion.
Jammi Avila|Friends could be more influential than spouses. Hence selection should be based on attitude not apparel, on outcome not outlook, on personal beliefs not parental background.
Ann Landers|If you have a good name  if you are right more often than you are wrong  if your children respect you  if your grandchildren are glad to see you  if your friends can count on you and you can count on them in time of trouble  if you can face your God and say "I have done my best " then you are a success.
Henry Hazlitt|The dilemma is this. In the modern world knowledge has been growing so fast and so enormously, in almost every field, that the probabilities are immensely against anybody, no matter how innately clever, being able to make a contribution in any one field unless he devotes all his time to it for years. If he tries to be the Rounded Universal Man, like Leonardo da Vinci, or to take all knowledge for his province, like Francis Bacon, he is most likely to become a mere dilettante and dabbler. But if he becomes too specialized, he is apt to become narrow and lopsided, ignorant on every subject but his own, and perhaps dull and sterile even on that because he lacks perspective and vision and has missed the cross-fertilization of ideas that can come from knowing something of other subjects.
Eileen Anglin|When the productive lands lose their essence, our productive lives shall least have essence!
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|Our cities have become unaffordable to our poorest families, and this problem is leaving a deep and jagged scar on our next generation.
Sheena Iyengar|Mr. Speaker, high natural gas prices and the summer spike in gasoline prices serve as a stark reminder that the path to energy independence is a long and arduous one.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Ethics of Ambiguity|Today, however, we are having a hard time living because we are so bent on outwitting death.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, Laus Veneris|When I tell you that you’re beautiful, I don’t just mean your appearance. I mean all of you; who and what you are, is beautiful.
Geneen Roth, Women, Food and God: An Unexpected Path to Almost Everything|Before Venus, censorious; before Mars, timid.
Alejandra Díaz Mattoni, The Wet Woman|You fight with Niles?" Max asked suddenly."No.""Never?""No! And stop asking about Niles," I demanded.He ignored my demand and kept questioning. "Didn't care enough to fight, didn't match you in fire, or was so lazy he just put up with your shit?
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|You do not need to go to any temple or church to worship God. The whole existence is God’s temple. Your own body is the temple of God. Your own heart is the shrine. You do not need to subscribe to any religion to experience God. The only religion you need to experience God is love, kindness and respect to all beings.
Debasish Mridha|Love those thoughts,those thoughts of love,those delights for heart,tickler of life, twinkles in eyes.
Donna Grant, The Hero|Nat,” he whispered and lowered his head.	Her heart missed a beat as his soft mouth brushed against hers. Then his lips were atop hers, firmly, his tongue sliding against them.
Saul Bellow, Henderson the Rain King|We must never underestimate our power to be wrong when talking about God, when thinking about God, when imagining God, whether in prose or in poetry. A generous orthodoxy, in contrast to the tense, narrow, or controlling orthodoxies of so much of Christian history, doesn't take itself too seriously. It is humble. It doesn't claim too much. It admits it walks with a limp.
Mary Karr|But it’s a neurological fact that the scared self holds on while the reasoned one lets go. The adrenaline that let our ancestors escape the sabertooth tiger sears into the meat of our brains the extraordinary, the loud. The shrieking fight or the out-of-character insult endures forever, while the daily sweetness dissolves like sugar in water.
Frances Densmore, American Indians and Their Music|Whoever sees me sees the teaching, and whoever sees the teaching sees me.
Amanda Grace, But I Love Him|Wait." I began to pull off his jacket. "You forgot this.""Keep it," he said without looking back. "I'll get it from you on Monday. When we discuss tutoring."And Noah Hutchins - girl-using stoner boy and jacket-loaning savior - faded into the shadows.
Jackie Stewart|You can't tell what's aboard a container ship. We carried every kind of cargo, all of it on view: a police car, penicillin, Johnnie Walker Red, toilets, handguns, lumber, Ping-Pong balls, and IBM data cards.
Bill Nye|Christianity is not about religion. It's about faith, about being held, about being forgiven. It's about finding joy and finding home.
Abbi Glines, Fallen Too Far|Blaire, even if all we do is kiss or just lay there and talk, I'm okay with that. I just wanted you up here. Close to me.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|The women I know with strong personalities, the ones who might have become generals or the heads of companies if they were men, become teachers. Teaching is a calling, too. And I've always thought that teachers in their way are holy--angles leading their flocks out of the darkness.
Niccolo Machiavelli|I really believe that all of us have a lot of darkness in our souls. Anger, rage, fear, sadness. I don't think that's only reserved for people who have horrible upbringings. I think it really exists and is part of the human condition. I think in the course of your life you figure out ways to deal with that.
Leonardo da Vinci|I prefer drawing to talking. Drawing is faster, and leaves less room for lies.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things; because the shadow always follows. Choose a place where you won't do harm - yes, choose a place where you won't do very much harm, and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|Shine in any season of your life!Head on with confidence in your life’s pilgrim!In deep faith, countless hope and unconditional love blessed by the Almighty.Newness of each rising day, bringing forth colourful sunsets.Enkindle your soul once more with courage, joy and love,flowing in a river of awakening & sharing:with a heart who once knew that hurt, pain, loss…means to SHINE!
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|It's my turn to see you through,' she whispers, coming back to me and wrapping me in her blanket as I lose my shit all over again. She holds me until I recover my Y chromosome.
K.K. Cook|If you really want things to change, you have to get involved. Little strokes fell big oaks, you know.
H. Beam Piper, Four Day Planet|Ideas are fruits of your thinking. But they've got to be harnessed and put to work to have value.Each year an oak tree produces enough acorns to populate a good-size forest. Yet from these bushels of seeds perhaps only one or two acorns will become a tree. The Squirrels destroy most of them, and the hard ground beneath the tree doesn't give the few remaining seeds much chance for a start. So it is with ideas. Very few bear fruit. Ideas are highly perishable. If we're not on guard, the squirrels (negative-thinking people) will destroy most of them. Ideas require special handling from the time they are born until they're transformed into practical ways for doing things better. 
Vir Das|Nothing was planned in my career. I just went with the flow and took everything that came to me. Selling potato chips was obvious, as it was a family business. When friends suggested I should try theatre, I gave it a shot. Then I did a lot of advertisements, and then movies happened.
Conway Twitty|Our law is a Jordanian law that we inherited, which applies to both the West Bank and Gaza, and sets the death penalty for those who sell land to Israelis.
John Zmirak, The Politically Incorrect Guide to Catholicism|God's nothing more than a twelve-year-old kid with an ant farm. He's always watching, but He's never gonna do anything.
M.C. Steve|Because zombies can’t go out into the sun, most of them tend to be afraid of anything that can go into the sun and live to tell the tale.
J.D. Robb|Lord, Give me the strength not to bitch slap this woman.
Boria Sax|We writers constantly try to build up our own confidence by getting published, making sales, winning prizes, joining cliques or proclaiming theories. The passion to write constantly strips this vanity aside and forces us to confront that loneliness and the uncertainty with which human beings, in the end, live and die.
Syrie James, The Missing Manuscript of Jane Austen|I do not think that G. H. Hardy was talking nonsense when he insisted that the mathematician was discovering rather than creating... The world for me is a necessary system, and in the degree to which the thinker can surrender his thought to that system and follow it, he is in a sense participating in that which is timeless or eternal.
Mahsati Abdul|Frank, I ran into Gladys and Billy at the store yesterday. Do you know what he said to me?"The girls went very quiet. Frank didn't look up."Hello?" he asked, and kept rubbing Henry's knife.Dotty hit him with her rag. "He said that. And so did she. But the important part was when he said, 'Frank ever get that door open?' Do you know what I said? What I said was--Are you ready for this? I said, 'No,'""Ah" Frank said. He lifted Henry's knife up to his mouth and dabbed the blade with his tongue. "That's my honest wife. I appreciate you lookin' out for my dignity.
Mehmet Murat ildan|MISS YOU WILL MISS ME IF YOU, MISS UNDERSTAND ME
Ariel Sharon|I've often made critical comments about settlement expansion in the occupied West Bank and in east Jerusalem, and my position hasn't changed. At the same time, it's equally important to me that the two sides, both Israel and the Palestinians, work towards a durable peace settlement: that's to say a viable two-state solution.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To really change the world, we have to help people change the way they see things.
Susan Glaspell|...and he just sat back and stared at the tube, almost interested in what was happening, trying to find the ability to believe in that lie so he could believe the one within.
Emma Straub, Modern Lovers|In the book, you lost your powers. In the movie, you chose not to use them as much. I guess I did a little of both.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are faithful and diligent in your work, God will place you before kings
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My sacred twins live in blissful harmony, and I am integrated.
Mark Hoppus|My mom and dad passed away from cancer. Within nine months, I lost both of my folks. Immediately after that, I had a horrible betrayal where my brother, who worked for me, stole a lot of my money. He's in jail now.
Abigail Roux|Listening is an act of love. When you listen to people, you are communicating non-verbally that they are important to you.
Naomi Wolf, Vagina: A New Biography|Be at the aim of a gun, but you get out of Larsson TIGER's green eyes sight ...
Marissa Meyer, Winter|There was an edge to his expression, like he didn't trust anyone who was more attractive than he was.
William Blake, Jerusalem|I must create a system, or be enslaved by another man's. I will not reason and compare: my business is to create.
Richard Williams, The Animator's Survival Kit: A Manual of Methods, Principles, and Formulas for Classical, Computer, Games, Stop Motion and Internet Animators|We're not copying life, we're making a comment on it.
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|I wasted a lot of time being angry, time I can't get back. And now I see you, so angry about what happened to your marriage, and I just want to tell you, at some point it doesn't matter who was right and who was wrong. At some point, being angry is just another bad habit, like smoking, and you keep poisoning yourself without thinking about it.
Danny Wallace, Charlotte Street|All we get are moments, Cole. One at a time, like heartbeats. Once all of them is gone, that’s it. No do-overs. No repeats. Every moment possesses its down kind of magic and what we do with it counts. It counts.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|Come, Paul!" she reiterated, her eye grazing me with its hard ray like a steel stylet. She pushed against her kinsman. I thought he receded; I thought he would go. Pierced deeper than I could endure, made now to feel what defied suppression, I cried -"My heart will break!"What I felt seemed literal heart-break; but the seal of another fountain yielded under the strain: one breath from M. Paul, the whisper, "Trust me!" lifted a load, opened an outlet. With many a deep sob, with thrilling, with icy shiver, with strong trembling, and yet with relief - I wept."Leave her to me; it is a crisis: I will give her a cordial, and it will pass," said the calm Madame Beck.To be left to her and her cordial seemed to me something like being left to the poisoner and her bowl. When M. Paul answered deeply, harshly, and briefly - "Laissez-moi!" in the grim sound I felt a music strange, strong, but life-giving."Laissez-moi!" he repeated, his nostrils opening, and his facial muscles all quivering as he spoke."But this will never do," said Madame, with sternness. More sternly rejoined her kinsman -"Sortez d'ici!""I will send for Père Silas: on the spot I will send for him," she threatened pertinaciously."Femme!" cried the Professor, not now in his deep tones, but in his highest and most excited key, "Femme! sortez à l'instant!"He was roused, and I loved him in his wrath with a passion beyond what I had yet felt."What you do is wrong," pursued Madame; "it is an act characteristic of men of your unreliable, imaginative temperament; a step impulsive, injudicious, inconsistent - a proceeding vexatious, and not estimable in the view of persons of steadier and more resolute character.""You know not what I have of steady and resolute in me," said he, "but you shall see; the event shall teach you. Modeste," he continued less fiercely, "be gentle, be pitying, be a woman; look at this poor face, and relent. You know I am your friend, and the friend of your friends; in spite of your taunts, you well and deeply know I may be trusted. Of sacrificing myself I made no difficulty but my heart is pained by what I see; it must have and give solace. Leave me!"This time, in the "leave me" there was an intonation so bitter and so imperative, I wondered that even Madame Beck herself could for one moment delay obedience; but she stood firm; she gazed upon him dauntless; she met his eye, forbidding and fixed as stone. She was opening her lips to retort; I saw over all M. Paul's face a quick rising light and fire; I can hardly tell how he managed the movement; it did not seem violent; it kept the form of courtesy; he gave his hand; it scarce touched her I thought; she ran, she whirled from the room; she was gone, and the door shut, in one second.The flash of passion was all over very soon. He smiled as he told me to wipe my eyes; he waited quietly till I was calm, dropping from time to time a stilling, solacing word. Ere long I sat beside him once more myself - re-assured, not desperate, nor yet desolate; not friendless, not hopeless, not sick of life, and seeking death."It made you very sad then to lose your friend?" said he."It kills me to be forgotten, Monsieur," I said.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Apparently unaffected, she rose. "Yeah, you're probably right. I should be going." She feigned a yawn. "You've gotta head back to work and I've gotta head to jail. Big night for me. I'm planning to shiv someone for a bar of soap. --
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|I never knew any of these people who were using my name, if I had a fiver for every time my name was used for protective purposes by these people to ward off trouble then I’d be a millionaire many times over by now.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|The fire of literacy is created by the emotional sparks between a child, a book, and the person reading. It isn’t achieved by the book alone, nor by the child alone, nor by the adult who’s reading aloud—it’s the relationship winding between all three, bringing them together in easy harmony.
Laura Marling|I can’t do small talk really, and that’s fine. I've got old friends and family that love me, thank God. I’m grateful for what a city gives you access to, but I do feel that I’m only here until I figure out how to get out again.
Angie Stone|Sometimes, some of you speak about god, and I mistake him for an abusive lover you're trying to escape.
Milan Kundera|When you combine ignorance and leverage, you get some pretty interesting results.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Land of the Blue Flower|By heaven, I'll make a ghost of him that lets me.
Nadine Artemis, Holistic Dental Care: The Complete Guide to Healthy Teeth and Gums|Teeth are alive, and given the proper environment, they can regenerate; this is why internal factors that nourish the teeth are so important.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|This is the true measure of love: when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could ever have loved so before us, and that no one will ever love in the same way after us.
Pam Billinge, The Spell of the Horse|I learned that when we can be absolutely present like this, our mind, body and spirit become integrated and we are fully conscious, energised, peaceful, alive, at one with the true essence of what it is to be ourselves. In that moment, we can relate with compassion to those around usand to ourselves. It is when what we have satisfies us, and when what we don’t have doesn’t matter.
H.R.Valderrama|And perhaps you might pretend, afterwards, that it was only a trick and that you just said it to make them stop and didn’t really mean it. But that isn’t true. At the time when it happens you do mean it. You think there’s no other way of saving yourself and you’re quite ready to save yourself that way. You want it to happen to the other person. You don’t give a damn what they suffer. All you care about is yourself.
Alvar Aalto|Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity.
Lemony Snicket, When Did You See Her Last?|Of course you can trust me," Jake Hix said. "We read the same books.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|If you have to be told how you should feel then those feelings are not strong enough to make you feel alive; they become rules that don’t fit your life script. Not every person will place the same importance as you do on one of the six human needs: certainty, variety, significance, connection/love, growth or contributions. When you know what is most important for yourself and learn to recognize what need is the most important to others, then you can begin to unlock the real reason behind conflict.
Dorothy Parker, The Collected Dorothy Parker|Prince or commoner, tenor or bass,Painter or plumber or never-do-well,Do me a favor and shut your face -Poets alone should kiss and tell.
Buffy Andrews|To become a WRITER I had to learn to INTERRUPT, to speak up, to speak a little louder, and then LOUDER, and then to just speak in my own voice which is NOT LOUD AT ALL.
Chinua Achebe|Living here on Earth, we breathe the rhythms of a universe that extends infinitely above us. When resonant harmonies arise between this vast outer cosmos and the inner human cosmos, poetry is born.
H.G. Wells, When the Sleeper Wakes|The day of democracy is past," he said. "Past for ever. That day began with the bowmen of Crecy, it ended when marching infantry, when common men in masses ceased to win the battles of the world, when costly cannon, great ironclads, and strategic railways became the means of power. To-day is the day of wealth. Wealth now is power as it never was power before—it commands earth and sea and sky. All power is for those who can handle wealth....
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|The inner story, though the same in essence for all, is always single and unique in each human being, never before lived and never to be repeated.
Charlotte Eriksson|You are to me like white islands, in a world of vast darkness.
Bill Clinton|We must realize that violence is not confined to physical violence. Fear is violence, caste discrimination is violence, exploitation of others, however subtle, is violence, segregation is violence, thinking ill of others and condemning others are violence. In order to reduce individual acts of physical violence, we must work to eliminate violence at all levels, mental, verbal, personal, and social, including violence to animals, plants, and all other forms of life.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|In your serenity there is a clarity, strength and correctness that is beyond the petty scuffles of the moment — a greater truth. It is the truth of who you are; beautiful, calm, secure, open, willing and safe.
Priest Nicolae Tanase|People first become friends, and then they love each other.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset|No matter how much you cry, the tears will dry. No matter how many nightmares, flashbacks, visions, or terrors you endure, they will pass. To weather these in order to find your true self and the happiness you deserve, that is not a risk. To waste the time you have in this body, never showing your soul to yourself or anyone else, living in fearful misery – that is really the most dangerous thing you can do.
Candice Accola|A Bush Administration will, I believe, enjoy a better relationship with the new Congress, although President-elect Bush will be faced with real challenges in getting along with the Congress.
Stormie Omartian, 30 Days to Becoming a Woman of Prayer|Ask Jesus to live in you & fill you with His Holy Spirit, & thank Him that you’re now God’s child
Rick Bass, Colter: The True Story of the Best Dog I Ever Had|I do not concern myself with my inability to feel such comfort amidst humans (other than with very few friends and family), but, rather, am simply thankful that at least dogs exist, and I’m humbly aware of how much less a person I’d be – how less a human – if they did not exist. 
Rahul Dravid|Faced with what is right, to leave it undone shows a lack of courage.
Jason Medina, No Hope for the Hopeless at Kings Park|For a while she cried silently until she tired herself out and the overwhelming feeling of sleepiness overcame her. The room around her was fairly silent, although she wasn’t the only one crying herself to sleep. It was quite common at places like this to hear cries in the dark. There were so many saddened and lonesome souls around her. It was usually at night when they were reminded of just how sad and lonely they actually were.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Although beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, the feeling of being beautiful exists solely in the mind of the beheld.
Kerrelyn Sparks, How to Marry a Millionaire Vampire|I worked for Miss Margaret thirty-eight years. She had her a baby girl with the colic and the only thing that stopped the hurting was to hold her. So I made me a wrap. I tied her up on my waist, toted her around all day with me for a entire year. That baby like to break my back. Put ice packs on it ever night and still do. But I loved that girl. And I loved Miss Margaret.Miss Margaret always made me put my hair up in a rag, say she know coloreds don't wash their hair. Counted ever piece a silver after I done the polishing. When Miss Margaret die of the lady problems thirty years later, I go to the funeral. Her husband hug me, cry on my shoulder. When it's over, he give me a envelope. Inside a letter from Miss Margaret reading, 'Thank you. For making my baby stop hurting. I never forgot it.'Callie takes off her black-rimmed glasses, wipes her eyes.If any white lady reads my story, that's what I want them to know. Saying thank you, when you really mean it, when you remember what someone done for you-she shakes her head, stares down at the scratched table-it's so good.
Justin Kurzel|I have about 40 cars, of which 25 to 30 are what you might call serious.
Eamon de Valera|The real peril of war lies not in military defeat. It lies in war itself, whether we win or lose.
Deyth Banger|Movies aren't scare, they are part of the scary stuff. But the scary thing is the truth, what more scary than that??What will happen if you understand what you eat now, what you drink?? You get disadvantages??...You don't want to make you look negative side, do you?
Charlie Cochet, Hell & High Water|Cael, come on. Stop licking the dude. That's gross."Letty let out a snort. "Please, like you don't lick dudes.""That's different," Dex explained with a grimace. "None of those dudes were Ash. Besides, last time I checked, Ash was allergic to nuts.
J.G. Ballard, Millennium People|In effect, terrorists now have the power to ignite war. They almost have their finger on the nuclear button. They almost have the status of heads of state. And that has enhanced the effectiveness and romance of terrorism.The US government's response to September 11 has actually privileged terrorism. It has given it a huge impetus, and made it look like terrorism is the only effective way to be heard. Over the years, every kind of nonviolent resistance movement has been crushed, ignored, kicked aside. But if you're a terrorist, you have a great chance of being negotiated with, of being on TV, of getting all the attention you couldn't have dreamt of earlier.
Orrin Woodward|Most times, bankrupted finances is a reflection of bankrupted souls.
Kami Garcia|I leaned my face into his palm and he looked at me like it was the first time he ever saw me. I felt my heart burst. I wanted him to kiss me. I didn’t care about what he owned, or what issues he had. I knew if we kissed, it would change us both. Even worse, I wanted to say I loved him.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|She liked the way a ray of mild autumn sun infiltrating the thick cluster of trees caught a reddish orange leaf swirling in the wind and transformed it golden yellow. She liked that it wasn’t a leaf she recognised, that she could name or associate with her past.
Eric Kraft|But luck withered by conservative, tired, riskless living can be plumped up again--after all, it was only a bit thirsty for something to do.
Lao Tzu|Revere the unity of all-that-iscarry out your daily activities with compassion;if you do not limit your compassion,you yourself will not be limited.
Margaret Cho|I want Jesus to come back and say 'THATS NOT WHAT I MEANT'" -
Debasish Mridha|To find love, joy and peace for the humanity, let us promise to build a peace loving and a kind family.
John Gardner, On Becoming a Novelist|Our business is communication oftentimes through the medium of stories but our capacity has a far greater scope - to entertain certainly, but also to stimulate debate, to mark up changes and differences and that way, to maybe, just now and then, to change the world.
Dana Arcuri|If the devil cannot get you by SIN, he will seek to get you by IGNORANCE.
Stanley Hauerwas, Prayers Plainly Spoken|That's an animal fable about humility. If you survive your mistake, you must learn from it. Accept that you're fragile, vulnerable, and sometimes stupid. Realize that you're not immortal and you've got to take care of yourself. And then laugh it off and fly away.
Joss Stirling, Seeking Crystal|Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry. He vanishes unwillingly, without warning. I wait for him. Each moment that I wait feels like a year, an eternity. Each moment is as slow and transparent as glass. Through each moment I can see infinite moments lined up, waiting. Why has he gone where I cannot follow?
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|I’d likte to welcome you to the land of free, where healthy, wealthy, happy people contribute to the civilization under the protection of the rules of capitalism, laws of science and rights of universal suffrage.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|The past isn't quaint while you're in it. Only at a safe distance, later, when you can see it as décor, not as the shape your life's been squeezed into.
Thea Euryphaessa, Running Into Myself|I don't believe the idea of Fate is that everything in our lives is predetermined. For me, it's those moments when, on reflection, Life seems to have intervened and given us a friendly or not-so-friendly nudge in another direction.
Mitt Romney|The people will save their government, if the government itself will allow them.
Sunday Adelaja|As a manager, I was able to put the USA workplace mental health system to the test. In each of three separate companies there was an employee that was displaying mental health issues and I reported this to the human resources department. The outcome: I was terminated every time. The conclusion: Reporting mental health issues in USA employees will lose you your job!
Kimberly Krey, Cassie's Cowboy Crave|I vote, I challenge Bathymaasy and we shoot arrows at you dearest brother." ArtemisSet and Bathymaas laughed.Apollo, not so much.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|In the movie I was played by an actor who actually looked more like me than the character the author portrayed in the book: I wasn't blond, I wasn't tan, and neither was the actor. I also suddenly became the movie's moral compass, spouting AA jargon, castigating everyone's drug use and trying to save Julian. (I'll sell my car," I warn the actor playing Julian's dealer. "Whatever it takes.") This was slightly less true of Blair's character, played by a girl who actually seemed like she belonged in our group-- jittery, sexually available, easily wounded. Julian became the sentimentalized version of himself, acted by a talented, sad-faced clown, who has an affair with Blair and then realizes he has to let her go because I was his best bud. "Be good to her," Julian tells Clay. "She really deserves it." The sheer hypocrisy of this scene must have made the author blanch. Smiling secretly to myself with perverse satisfaction when the actor delivered that line, I then glanced at Blair in the darkness of the screening room.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|...when it comes time for punishment for our sins, surely it's only the person who's done wrong who's expected to pay?"Sister Agnes smiled, "Not even them, if they've accepted the Savior.
Anne Bronte|When you look at Japanese traditional architecture, you have to look at Japanese culture and its relationship with nature. You can actually live in a harmonious, close contact with nature - this very unique to Japan.
Standing Bear|If you hug to yourself any resentment against anybody else, you destroy the bridge by which God would come to you.
Brooke Burke|At times you feel like you're the only voice speaking out to improve the working conditions of people, whether it's to be able to collectively bargain, to get adequate pay, to know that you can come home safe out of a coal mine.
Jackie French, Hitler's Daughter|Who was Hitler" demanded little Tracy"He was this bloke in World War Two" explained Ben.
Anthony Liccione|As a child, I was afraid of the dark and the monsters on the outside.As a man, I run away from the light, afraid to show the monsters within.
Nick Lane, Power, Sex, Suicide: Mitochondria and the Meaning of Life|Might one not say that in the chance combination of nature's production, since only those endowed with certain relations of suitability could survive, it is no cause for wonder that this suitability is found in all species that exist today? Chance, one might say, produced an innumerable multitude of individuals; a small number turned out to be constructed in such fashion that the parts of the animal could satisfy its needs; in another, infinitely greater number, there was neither suitability nor order: all of the later have perished; animals without a mouth could not live, others lacking organs for reproduction could not perpetuate themselves: the only ones to have remained are those in which were found order and suitability; and these species, which we see today, are only the smallest part of what blind fate produced.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|Without discussing it with his mother, Anton went up to his teacher, Miss Katballe, and informed her that after seven years he was now quitting school. It was the best day of her life, she replied. With unexpected politeness he bowed, thanked her, and said, likewise.
Shilpi Somaya Gowda, The Golden Son: A Novel|Stress kills when you fuel the initial reaction with negative thoughts, aggressive behavior, belief and trust in the uncomfortable physical and emotional symptoms it causes. Don’t fuel it, and watch how fast stress disappears.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|When I met with Dr. Treffet in his hometown of Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, he told me that these innate skills are, in his words, "factory-installed software", or "genetic" memory.......Why the brain suppresses these remarkable abilities is still a mystery, but sometimes, when the brain is diseased or damaged, it relents and unleashes the inner genius.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We sit together in the waiting room of one existence, waiting to be shuffled into the waiting room of the next. Not the existence of another lifetime, simply a different mindset, a different age, purpose, exile and a separate redemption. A separate world in which to wait.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Even though the world hails Joan of Arc as some sort of hero, which she undoubtedly was, what pains me the most is that her pathological condition ultimately led to her demise at the age of only nineteen.
Trini Lopez|You don't know how many celebrities I've gone into recording sessions with who first are kind of weirded out by us freaky voiceover people, then when the day is over, they want to stay. They haven't had that much fun acting in ages. It's hard to have any attitude about it.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Scrub your brain of any thoughts that don’t serve you, and to fill your mind with fresh, clean thinking that instills confidence, commitment, and ultimate success.
Lev Shestov, Athens and Jerusalem|Repudiating the virtues of your world, criminals hopelessly agree to organize a forbidden universe. They agree to live in it. The air there is nauseating: they can breathe it.
Paul A. Cohen, Discovering History in China: American Historical Writing on the Recent Chinese Past|As historians, our aim is to do our utmost to understand and elucidate past reality. At the same time, in pursuit of this goal, we must use ordering concepts that by definition inevitably introduce an element of distortion. I believe that our task as historians is to choose concepts that combine a maximum of explanatory power with a minimum of distortional effect.
Stephen R. Lawhead, Byzantium|Oh, but once my memories had pulsed with the blood-heat of life. In desperation, I forced myself to recall that once, I had walked with kings and conversed in languages never heard in this land. Once I had stood at the prow of a Sea Wolf ship and sailed oceans unknown to seamen here. I had ridden horses through desert lands, and dined on exotic foods in Arab tents. I had roamed Constantinople’s fabled streets, and bowed before the Holy Roman Emperor’s throne. I had been a slave, a spy, a sailor. Advisor and confidant of lords, I had served Arabs, Byzantines, and barbarians. I had worn captive’s rags, and the silken robes of a Sarazen prince. Once I had held a jeweled knife and taken a life with my own hand. Yes, and once I had held a loving woman in my arms and kissed her warm and willing lips...Death would have been far, far better than the gnawing, aching emptiness that was now my life.
Pallam Raju|No state of society or laws can render men so much alike but that education, fortune, and tastes will interpose some differences between them; and though different men may sometimes find it their interest to combine for the same purposes, they will never make it their pleasure.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|In that eternity of his, where everybody will be happy, how could he feel the lack of her, the loss of her?
Tahnee Fritz, The Human Race|Malicious or not, strong leaders always attracted followers
Pierce Brown, Morning Star|s father's words. But they are as empty on his lips as they feel in my ears. This was has taken everything from him. I see in his eyes how broken he is. how terribly hard he is trying to be his father's son. If he could, he would choose to be back by the campfire we made in the highlands of the Institute. He would return to the days of glory when life was simple, when friends seemed true. But wishing for the past doesn't clean the blood from either of our hands.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|I love you, he thought, looking at Win. I love every part of you, every thought and word... the entire complex, fascinating bundle of all the things you are. I want you with ten different kinds of need at once. I love all the seasons of you, the way you are now, the thought of how much more beautiful you'll be in the decades to come. I love you for being the answer to every question my heart could ask.And it seemed so easy, once he capitulated. It seemed natural and right.Kev wasn't certain if he was surrendering to Win or to his own passion for her. Only that there was no more holding back. He would take her. And he would give her everything he had, every part of his soul, even the broken pieces.
Jill Smokler, Motherhood Comes Naturally|Fatigue is an excellent gauge of well-being because it is a very hard symptom to mask. The only way to get rid of fatigue is to treat the underlying causes. Fatigue has many faces, but they all say the same thing - the mental and physical load are too great.
Sam Thomas Davies, Unhooked: How to Break Bad Habits and Form Good Ones That Stick|You don't set out to build a wall. You don't say: 'I'm going to build the biggest, baddest, greatest wall that's ever been built.' You say, "I'm going to lay this brick as perfectly as a brick can be laid. You do that every single day. And soon you have the greatest wall that's ever been built." - Will Smith
Atticus Shaffer|A lot of the time with child actors, you get the feeling they're trying to have a kind of poise or presentation that's beyond their years that might be put on, but also might be because they've spent years just hanging out with adults and they don't even have a sense of what it's like to grow up with kids their own age.
C.S. Friedman, The Madness Season|All about us were people. Perhaps a hundred. Men. Experience had taught me that humans were cruelest when segregated by sex, and the cold feeling in the pit of my stomach became led. What had I let myself in for?
Jean Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea|With the most rare insight into human spirit and potential, William has the gift to tell you what is true.
Jason Statham|All those lessons that I've learned on the court, I have applied them to my life outside of the court in business, my company, called V Starr interiors, an interior design company, and EleVen, which I wear on court.
Donna Karan|The notion of 'world leadership' is a curiously archaic one. The very phrase is redolent of Kipling ballads and James Bondian adventures. What makes a country a world leader? Is it population, in which case India is on course to top the charts, overtaking China as the world's most populous country by 2034?
Encylopaedia of Volcanoes|For those that dare to stand upagainst those that want to knock you down." The dedication from Worst Case Scenario: Bug Out - Book 2.
Charles Bukowski|It's all overrated, man. Sex is only a great thing if you're not getting any.
Amie Kaufman, This Shattered World|What does it mean?” Flynn turns to gaze at me, eyes finally meeting mine.I find myself smiling because I know exactly what it means. “It means the clouds are clearing on Avon.
Pankaj Patel|There's a time in everyone's career where you go, 'Ah, this is hard - how long am I going to have to do this?' But the rewards are so great. Who gets to go on the podium and hear the national anthem? The whole nation singing! Money can't buy you that.
Hayao Miyazaki|The capacity of computers is doubling every eight months. It's exponential development. I think it's a real threat, actually, that a computer one day will be more intelligent than us.
Virginia Alison|The journey may be fraught with challenges, yet it continues, for even the smallest leaf must embrace destiny...Persistence is the key...
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|Always remember that the lessons you learn in life are never meant just for you. They are like all our gifts, they are meant to be used and shared, never horded and hidden.
Meg Haston, Paperweight|Sometimes Dreams take time to come true, But it hurts when it comes true and you are not with that person with who you dreamed about it
Michael Bassey Johnson|A person's true character lies somewhere until after you might have pressed the wrong button without knowing, then you'll realize that there are dogs in human form.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|It’s always amazing, when I think about this exact time every year. My goals seemed so lofty and far away. Today, I see that I am actually my own time machine with the ability to write my future through my positive thoughts and actions. However, negative thoughts and inaction can produce a disastrous cause and effect. I reassured myself all year and envisioned who and where I wanted to be at the end of this year and it came to pass. I had some set backs and some uncompleted projects but I never stayed down for long. My faith in the Lord keeps me optimistic and my desire to be the respected leader of my Family gives me all the fuel I need to hit the next check point. I ask the Lord to focus my attention on being more organized and balancing my love of food with my physical activity level. The time is now and the door of opportunities is always open to pass through.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Goodness is richer than greatness. It consists not in the outward things we do, but in the inward thing we are.
Philip Reeve, Fever Crumb|Godshawk looked surprised, the way that people generally do when you ask them philosophical questions in shrubberies in the middle of the night.
Barry Watson|Sex is a doorway to something so powerful and mystical, but movies usually depict it in a completely flat way.
Robert Goolrick, The End of the World as We Know It: Scenes from a Life|If you don't receive love from the ones who are meant to love you, you will never stop looking for it.
Sonakshi Sinha|I sacrificed a lot, in terms of friendship and family, from working so much at such a young age, but I wouldn't be where I am if I hadn't.
Angela Elwell Hunt, Magdalene|Like blood out of a wound, a keening wail rose from the bottom of my heart and ripped through the graveyard. I lowered my face to Hadassah's shoulder and went quietly and thoroughly to pieces.
Walker Percy, Love in the Ruins|My laps-meter, the first caliper of the soul and the first hope of bridging the dread chasm that has rent the soul of Western man ever since the famous philosopher Descartes ripped body loose from mind and turned the very soul into a ghost that haunts its own house.
Robert Irvine|I'm eating a lot of organic proteins and vegetables! Maintaining a healthy, balanced diet is my No. 1 priority because I'm nursing my daughter.
John le Carré, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy|When you are sorrowful look again in your heart, and you shall see that in truth you are weeping for that which has been your delight. Some of you say, "Joy is greater than sorrow," and others say, "Nay, sorrow is the greater."But I say unto you, they are inseparable. Together they come, and when one sits alone with you at your board, remember that the other is asleep upon your bed. Verily you are suspended like scales between your sorrow and your joy.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|The Christian must treat his enemy as a brother, and requite his hostility with love. His behavior must be determined not by the way others treat him, but by the treatment he himself receives from Jesus; it has only one source, and that is the will of Jesus.
Daniel Goleman|The real pride, the real present, is your health and your longevity. My whole career, I have never done anything where competition was involved with weight loss.
Charlotte Eriksson, Another Vagabond Lost To Love: Berlin Stories on Leaving & Arriving|I was free with every road as my home. No limitations and no commitments. But then summer passed and winter came and I fell short for safety. I fell for its spell, slowly humming me to sleep, because I was tired and small, too weak to take or handle those opinions and views, attacking me from every angle. Against my art, against my self, against my very way of living. I collected my thoughts, my few possessions and built isolated walls around my values and character. I protected my own definition of beauty and success like a treasure at the bottom of the sea, for no one saw what I saw, or felt the same as I did, and so I wanted to keep to myself. You hide to protect yourself.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|The most important thing in human relationship is conversation.but people don't talk anymore,they don't sit down to talk and listen.They go to theatre,the cinema,watch television,listen to the radio,read books but they almost never talk.(pg114)
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Life is a wall, you have to climb it by pushing others to climb over and you will be pushed as well. Give a helping hand today.
Molly Holzschlag|We're drawn to making our mark, leaving a record to show we were here, and a journal is a great place to do it. Once you start drawing, writing, and gluing stuff in every day, it can quickly become a habit - addictive, even. Your attitude should be: 'I can do this, but I mustn't make it too intimidating.'
Rebecca Makkai, Music for Wartime: Stories|The loneliest thing in the world is lying awake beside someone asleep. ~ "The November Story
Izumi Shikibu|We all want to do something to mitigate the pain of loss or to turn grief into something positive, to find a silver lining in the clouds. But I believe there is real value in just standing there, being still, being sad.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person who is fearful of generously loving other people is already half dead. Loving another person brings out the courage in all of us to live a heightened existence, the inner resolve to map out a course of action and follow it to the end. Just as importantly, love awakens us to the knowledge that personal happiness comes not from achieving some corporal objective, but from the quality of thoughts that accompany a person.
Camilla Way, The Dead of Summer|They were happier now than they would ever be again. A tenpenny tea set made Cam happy for days. She heard them stamping and crowing on the floor above her head the moment they woke. They came bustling along the passage. Then the door sprang open and in they came, fresh as roses, staring, wide awake, as if this coming into the dining-room after was a positive event to them, and so on, with one thing after another, all day long, until she went up to say good-night to them, and found them netted in their cots like birds among cherries and raspberries, still making up stories about some little bit of rubbish-–something they heard, something they had picked up in the garden. They had all their little treasures. . . And so she went down and said to her husband, Why must they grow up and lose it all? Never will they be so happy again. And he was angry. Why take such a gloomy view of life? he said. It is not sensible. For it was odd; and he believed it to be true; that with all his gloom and desperation he was happier, more hopeful on the whole, than she was. Less exposed to human worries––perhaps that was it. He had always his work to fall back on.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|If you love a flower that lives on a star, it is sweet to look at the sky at night. All the stars are a-bloom with flowers...
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|You never did master a leer."- Katharine Murray, Death on the Family Tree
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Isabelle was holding an umbrella. It was clear plastic, decorated with decals of colorful flowers. It was one of the girliest things Simon had ever seen, and he didn’t blame Alec for ducking out from under it and taking his chances with the rain.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|Imagine you’re a fish, swimming in a pond. You can move forward and back, side to side, but never up out of the water. If someone were standing beside the pond, watching you, you’d have no idea they were there. To you, that little pond is an entire universe. Now imagine that someone reaches down and lifts you out of the pond. You see that what you thought was the entire world is only a small pool. You see other ponds. Trees. The sky above. You realize you’re a part of a much larger and more mysterious reality than you had ever dreamed of.
Anonymous|When two persons are together, two of them must not whisper to each other, without letting the third hear; because it would hurt him
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|When male authors write love stories, the heroine tends to end up dead.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|If I take care of my character, my reputation will take care of itself.
K.A. Hosein|The ugly man, is the harsh man.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|The thing is, I used to like that: feeling special because I knew something no one else did. It's a kind of power, isn't it, knowing a secret? But lately I don't like it so much, knowing this. It's not really mine to know, is it?
Kathy Reichs, Monday Mourning|It reminded me of what Dad said after every snail’s crawl home fromAlbany when snow hit.“It’s New York, people. It’s winter. We get snow. If you aren’t preparedto deal with it, move to Miami.
Leo Tolstoy|You need feeling, emotion, to create. You can't create out of indifference.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|We have made men proud of most vices, but not of cowardice. Whenever we have almost succeeded in doing so, God permits a war or an earthquake or some other calamity, and at once courage becomes so obviously lovely and important even in human eyes that all our work is undone, and there is still at least one vice of which they feel genuine shame. The danger of inducing cowardice in our patients, therefore, is lest we produce real self-knowledge and self-loathing, with consequent repentance and humility.
N. K. Jemisin|Trouble is part of your life - if you don't share it, you don't give the person who loves you a chance to love you enough.
Samuel Beckett, Malone Dies|I must be happy, he said, it is less pleasant than I should have thought.
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|His manual of heaven and hell lay open before me, and I could perceive my nothingness in this scheme.
Georges Simenon, L'Enterrement de Monsieur Bouvet|We were running all over the front lawn and under the rainspouts, barefooted, in our underpants, with the rain pelting down, straight cold gray rain of Delta summers, wonderful rain. -Mexico
Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times|Rincewind picked up a spare paper and read it.It was headed: Examination for the post of Assistant Night-Soil Operative for the District of W'ung.He read question one. It required candidates to write a sixteen-line poem on evening mist over the reed beds.Question two seemed to be about the use of metaphor in some book Rincewind had never heard of.Then there was a question about music . . .Rincewind turned the paper over a couple of times. There didn't seem to be any mention, anywhere, of words like 'compost' or 'bucket' or 'wheelbarrow'. But presumably all this produced a better class of person than the Ankh-Morpork system, which asked just one question: 'Got your own shovel, have you?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When we are called before God and His throne of judgment, it will be too late to reverse our decision. It is during our lifetime here on earth that we decide our eternal destiny.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|Modern man has successfully razed the imaginative landscapes of primal peoples the whole world over. Kill the gods first, slaughter the sacred animals, rewrite the mythologies, and build roads through the holy places. Do all this and watch the people decline. Without souls, they soon die, leaving dead shells, zombie cultures, shambling aimlessly towards oblivion.
Rosalyn Sussman Yalow|He's a novice, but he's had these - he's experienced in leadership in tight circumstances. He started - he dropped the first bomb, led the first air strike into North Vietnam.
Juliet Marillier, Raven Flight|I'm pretty much awake now." (P) "The last time I said that, I passed out in the bathtub." (I) "I remember that. Neil covered you with towels and said that he found a mermaid." (P) "You were so beautiful, Mummy. Like Ice Bird when he freezes the pigs." (N) "Thank you, sweet." -- Ingrid, Paul and Neil.
Elif Batuman, The Idiot|Most people, the minute they meet you, were sizing you up for some competition for resources. It was as if everyone lived in fear of a shipwreck, where only so many people would fit on the lifeboat, and they were constantly trying to stake out their property and identify dispensable people – people they could get rid of.... Everyone is trying to reassure themselves: I'm not going to get kicked off the boat, they are. They're always separating people into two groups, allies and dispensable people... The number of people who want to understand what you're like instead of trying to figure out whether you get to stay on the boat - it's really limited.
Sean Quinn|I've always been a history lover. I've spent a lot of recreational time walking around historical castles and estates, in Britain and Europe, and so I know what the real thing looks like.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|When the infamous Shotts riot of ‘93 kicked off, Dingus was in the hall but he never started it or took any part in it whatsoever, he just sat in one of his friend’s cell, smoking hash, waiting for the riot to end. Dingus had seen all the crazy shit before.
T.J. Klune, The Art of Breathing|And I wished I could believe him. I wished with all that I had. And when you're eleven, you're on the cusp between still believing wishing worked if you wanted something hard enough and understanding the world is teeth and sharp edges. I wished. I did. I promise you with all that I have that I did. But I knew the teeth. The sharp edges. And they were bigger than wishing. I was only eleven, but I was the product of my upbringing too. Maybe that's why I was able to be the one to leave. Maybe I'd been looking for a reason and latched on to the first one that came, no matter how hard it was. If there's one thing I've learned in my life, it's that it's easier to leave someone before they leave you. Because eventually, everyone leaves. It's inevitable.
Kevin DeYoung, Crazy Busy: A (Mercifully) Short Book about a (Really) Big Problem|Americans have a tendency to take much of our long-term economic, technological, medical, and social progress for granted, while assuming problems will only get worse. This is unwarranted.
Fadi Hattendorf|Love, as life, is a journey. Finding true love for the ever after is an amazing achievement.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|By worrying about what will happen next year or the year after, you are using up today's time to do so.
Dixie Waters|You can leave your marks on things, but the most lasting marks are written in the heart.
Harry S Truman|Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|When you're good at making excuses, it's difficult to excel at anything else.
Robert Dallek|Use your lives wisely, my friends, and conserve these precious freedoms for future generations.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|They knew how to live with nature and get along with nature. They didn't try too hard to be all men and no animal. That's the mistake we made when Darwin showed up. We embraced him and Huxley and Freud, all smiles. And then we discovered that Darwin and our religions didn't mix. Or at least we didn't think they did. We were fools. We tried to budge Darwin and Huxley and Freud. They wouldn't move very well. So, like idiots, we tried knocking down religion. We succeeded pretty well. We lost our faith and went around wondering what life was for. If art was no more than a frustrated outflinging of desire, if religion was no more than self-delusion, what good was life? Faith had always given us answer to all things. But it all went down the drain with Freud and Darwin. We were and still are lost people.
Collette West, Perfect Game|You have got to do the shiatsu. I had one back home a month ago. Fantastic.”Marisa Finley frowned under her carrot-ginger-turmeric facial mask.“What’s a shiatsu?” It sounded like an unusual breed of dog."I’m taking my shiatsu to the groomers this week to have it shampooed and blow-dried.And possibly beribboned.
Haruki Murakami|If there is a hard, high wall and an egg that breaks against it, no matter how right the wall or how wrong the egg, I will stand on the side of the egg. Why? Because each of us is an egg, a unique soul enclosed in a fragile egg. Each of us is confronting a high wall. The high wall is the system which forces us to do the things we would not ordinarily see fit to do as individuals . . . We are all human beings, individuals, fragile eggs. We have no hope against the wall: it's too high, too dark, too cold. To fight the wall, we must join our souls together for warmth, strength. We must not let the system control us -- create who we are. It is we who created the system. (Jerusalem Prize acceptance speech, JERUSALEM POST, Feb. 15, 2009)
J.A. Ironside, I Belong to the Earth|Tangled onto the shuttle, we were being woven back and forth to create the same tapestry of despair and heartbreak and loss. It was so muchbigger than I could see before, and all I had done was stand at the centre of the web and feed it my anger and frustration and jealousy.
C. JoyBell C.|I find no importance in showing others that I am happy; it's not important to me that they know or think that I am happy but what is important to me is that I am happy. I am interested in being happy, not in making others think or know that I am.
Duane T. Gish|The difference between us and the papists is that they do not think that the church can be 'the pillar of the truth' unless she presides over the word of God. We, on the other hand, assert that it is because she reverently subjects herself to the word of God that the truth is preserved by her and passed on to others by her hands.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The spirit of life, the spirit of peace.
Diane Ackerman, One Hundred Names for Love: A Stroke, a Marriage, and the Language of Healing|You remember?' he said incredulously. 'What could you possibly remember?' he asked, staring at her, waiting for the answer.The beauty from within her soul shined brightly through her loving eyes as she looked deep into Noah’s now melting eyes.'I remember — I love you,' she said in a soft voice, nervously biting her lip.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|..each remembered other moments, on a sleepless night, on an afternoon of steady rain, in a church, in an empty street at sunset, when each had wondered why there was so much suffering and ugliness in the world. They had not tried to find the answer and they had gone on living as if no answer were necessary. But each had known a moment when, in lonely, naked honesty, he had felt the need of an answer.
Kate Carlisle, Homicide in Hardcover|I had to say it gave me a warm feeling to picture Meredith Winslow spending twenty years or so in an ill fitting orange jumpsuit, cozying up to a great big girl named Beulah
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|And human instinct is ancient and reliable, utterly mysterious and possibly capable of great genius. I believe that refined, fluent instincts are a person's most valuable asset. My own instincts have repeatedly guided me against the grain of logic and probability. When I have trusted and followed their direction, they have never been wrong. I don't know how or why. But I know that every significant experience-positive or negative-sharpens them and makes them more accurate.
Amy Grant|I can't tell you how scary it can be walking onto a movie and suddenly joining this family, it's like going to somebody else's Christmas dinner, everyone knows everyone, and you're there and you're not quite sure what you're supposed to be doing.
Julia Karr, XVI|I'm afraid to have a boyfriend. I don't know how to do that and not lose who I want to be. And I'm afraid of what it means to be close to a guy, a guy I might really like."There it was: the truth.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|People use words to do battle and to hurt one another terribly, tragically and even mortally.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What it is, it is.
John Patrick|There are some risks we choose to take because the benefits from taking them exceed the possible costs. Optimal behavior takes risks that are worthwhile. This is the central paradigm of finance: we must take risks to achieve rewards, but not all risks are equally rewarded.
Donna Lynn Hope|There are only two moments when everything is possible in this life," said Petrus, "when one drinks, and when one makes up stories.
Benjamin Franklin|Love is a portion of the soul itself, and it is of the same nature as the celestial breathing of the atmosphere of paradise.
Tara Gilesbie, My Immortal|I MAY BE A HOGWARTS STUDENT" Hargirid paused angrily. "BUT I AM ALSO A SATANIST!
L.L. Caulton|inspiration is not a thing, its every thing, open your eyes and inspiration is everywhere.
Marcus J. Borg, The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary Faith|The point is not that Jesus was a good guy who accepted everybody, and thus we should do the same (though that would be good). Rather, his teachings and behavior reflect an alternative social vision. Jesus was not talking about how to be good and how to behave within the framework of a domination system. He was a critic of the domination system itself.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|When the silence and the aloneness press down and around me, crushing me, carving through me like ice, I need to speak aloud sometimes, if only for proof of life.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I ask the nurse wrapping up her dispensing duties if I need any meds, and she says I'm not scheduled for any. I ask her if I can have some. She asks what I need them for. I tell her, to deal with this crazy place. She says if they had pills for that, they wouldn't need places like this in the first place, would they?
Samuel P. Huntington|Here we are then, I was thinking, in a war to the finish between everything I love and everything I hate. Fine. We will win and they will lose. A pity that we let them pick the time and place of the challenge, but we can and we will make up for that.
Esmé Raji Codell|It's why I went into teaching in the first place. I like the sound of my own voice. Well that, and I am addicted to the smell of chalk and white-board markers.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|Mum, mum,He that keeps nor crust nor crumb,Weary of all, shall want some.
Amit Kalantri|People enjoy convincing others, if others are wrong they convince them towards right, if others are already right they still want to convince them towards wrong.
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|If the price I have to pay to see Jewish children playing without an armed escort are freeways across the desert and a take-a-way on every street corner throughout the Middle East, then I’m all for it.
Dada Bhagwan|When one does not like to have ‘underhand’, then automatically, he will not have a superior. That is its result.
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|Our hope is a word and world of proud, independent nations that embrace their duties, seek friendship, respect others, and make common cause in the greatest shared interest of all: a future of dignity and peace for the people of this wonderful Earth.
Michael R. French, The Reconstruction of Wilson Ryder|Your life can end at any time, and it can end more than once. But it can also begin more than once.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Sickness Unto Death: A Christian Psychological Exposition for Upbuilding and Awakening|The more consciousness there is in such a sufferer who in despair wills to be himself, the more his despair intensifies and becomes demonic. It usually originates as follows. A self that in despair wills to be itself is pained in some distress or other that does not allow itself to be taken away from or separated from his concrete self. So now he makes precisely this torment the object of all his passion, and finally it becomes a demonic rage. By now, even if God in heaven and all the angels offered to help him out of it- no, he does not want that, now it is too late. Once he would gladly have given everything to be rid of this agony, but he was kept waiting; now it is too late, now he would rather rage against everything and be the wronged victim of the whole world and of all life, and it is of particular significance to him to make sure that he has his torment on hand and that no one takes it away from him- for then he would not be able to demonstrate and prove to himself that he is right. This eventually becomes such a fixation that for an extremely strange reason he is afraid of eternity, afraid that it will separate him from his, demonically understood, infinite superiority over other men, his justification, demonically understood, for being what he is.
Praveen Chenna|CHANGE is not to expect, it is certain -have Food and go to Bed
Katarina Johnson-Thompson|Smile, it is the key that fits the lock of everybody's heart.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|Every brain on your planet generates its own beliefs. Just imagine, around seven billion human brains are generating seven billion unique beliefs at this very moment. Now imagine, what would happen, if all those seven billion humans start imposing their own beliefs on each other. The only thing that is going to come out of such inhuman attempt is chaos and eventually mass extinction. So, the only way to avoid such a catastrophic consequence is to be more compassionate about people’s beliefs.
Natalie Taylor|Every working mother has the things she dreads, things that keep her up in the night – pink eye, an ear infection, the parent-teacher conference, the school play – all forcing her to remind the people she works with that she is not, in fact, wholly devoted to business enterprises, but has another secret life. For me, the night terror is the 5 a.m. phone call from the nanny.
Judy Croome, Dancing in the Shadows of Love|No, Zahra, dear, no! Gentleness isn’t weakness.’ Her hand, suspended in midair, trembled with emptiness and fell to her side. ‘How easy it is to be bitter or angry; that’s when you’re at your weakest! But when you choose to be kind, to forget your hurt, that’s when you find within the greatest strength of all.’ She smiled, oh, a smile of such ancient wisdom, her face shone with love. She waited, but when I wouldn’t smile back, she walked past me.
Saru Singhal|No, I don't have a heart of gold. It's normal - the one that gets hurt by rude words and broken promises.
Jung-Myung Lee, The Investigation|Books were cities I'd never visited, filled with pillars of great thoughts and streets of phrases, mazes of abstruse sentence structures and alleys of complicated syllables. They were stores that displayed a wide range of things, punctuation twinkling like the crest of a venerable family, sentences breathing peacefully, words whispering.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|A mentor is a person, an expert in a specific area of endeavour who trains, guides and observes a less experienced person to also become an expert through support, advice, and involvement in character building opportunities.
Dhruv Agrawal|When we turn 21,we begin to regret the sins we did not committed...
Petek Kabakci|SENSES, APPEARANCE, ESSENCE and EXISTENCEThe world we see with our senses are very different than the world we see through our essence. Our senses perceive the world of appearance. Our essence perceive the deeper layers of existence. The first step of perceiving the world of essence is not to have any goal other than to understand. "Understanding" has to be the ultimate goal. Then, we can solve the problems.
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|Alas, how terrible is wisdomwhen it brings no profit to the man that's wise!This I knew well, but had forgotten it,else I would not have come here.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|For capitalism to work, we all need one another.
Andie MacDowell|The physical DNA has always been part of our family. My dad was a good boxer and gymnast; my mum is a ballroom dancer, and my brother does martial arts.
Ivan Turgenev, On the Eve|Almost nine years later, I know that stars don’t burn forever, and even the brightest can shatter into a million, burning sparks before falling from the sky.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|Owen is Owen. No one gets to tell him how to live his life. Not you, not me, and not some author nobody. Owen gets to choose how his life story goes, and no one, let alone his idiot fictional self, gets to take that away from him.
Langston Hughes, Selected Poems|By erecting thirty thousand dams of significant size across the American West, they dewatered countless rivers, wiped out millions of acres of riparian habitat, shut off many thousands of river miles of salmon habitat, silted over spawning beds, poisoned return flows with agricultural chemicals, set the plague of livestock loose on the arid land--in a nutshell they made it close to impossible for numerous native species to survive.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|They act as if their religion were a celestial gumball machine, taking no blame for personal failures because they won't manifest their will in the real world by working for their goals.
Israelmore Ayivor|If you want to wait till your black hairs turn grey and your teeth start pulling out before you become a leader, you are either too fast to prove your ignorance, or you are too late to know who you are made of.
Debasish Mridha|Death is the final dance of dreams, desires, loves and hopes.
Janine Burke, Nest: The Art of Birds|When I tell other Christians of my time with the goddess, I think they expect me to characterize it as a period in my life when I was misguided, and that I have now thankfully come back to both Jesus and my senses. But it's not like that. I can't imagine that the God of the universe is limited to our ideas of God. I can't imagine that God doesn't reveal God’s self in countless ways outside of the symbol system of Christianity. In a way, I need a God who is bigger and more nimble and mysterious than what I could understand and contrive. Otherwise it can feel like I am worshipping nothing more than my own ability to understand the divine.
stephanie   roberts, As We Are|Baby, don't build a monument for me of your sadness. You wouldn't have wasted your tears when I was alive. Why make an ocean of them now when it's over? The future you dreamed is a dream. Dream something else.
N.T. Wright, For All the Saints: Remembering the Christians Departed|Death is the start of a beginning, life is the start of the end, and the cycle continues forever." AFTERLIFE - TIM I GURUNG/AUTHOR
Enid Bagnold|Marriage helps young couples to raise themselves towards God. The bond of marriage unites two souls so firmly that though they are physically two separate entities, their souls are merged into one harmonious whole.
Efdal Korkmaz|I didn’t want to dream of you anymore, so I quit sleeping.
David Ferrers M Nlp, Swap: The Brief Book That Enables Busy People to Change and Succeed|With each day that our huge ship was on the ocean, my sense of being further and further away from my loved ones, my home, and my environment grew stronger.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All times are treasureable; the times of prosperity, and times of adversity,
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|It’s amazing how many different roads we can take, but they all lead home.
Jimmy Rushing|It doesn't matter how successful you are in this business, it's tough to get through the next door.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|Art, literature, and philosophy are attempts to found the world anew on a human freedom: that of the creator; to foster such an aim, one must first unequivocally posit oneself as a freedom. The restrictions that education and custom impose on a woman limit her grasp of the universe...Indeed, for one to become a creator, it is not enough to be cultivated, that is, to make going to shows and meeting people part of one's life; culture must be apprehended through the free movement of a transcendence; the spirit with all its riches must project itself in an empty sky that is its to fill; but if a thousand fine bonds tie it to the earth, its surge is broken. The girl today can certainly go out alone, stroll in the Tuileries; but I have already said how hostile the street is: eyes everywhere, hands waiting: if she wanders absentmindedly, her thoughts elsewhere, if she lights a cigarette in a cafe, if she goes to the cinema alone, an unpleasant incident can quickly occur; she must inspire respect by the way she dresses and behaves: this concern rivets her to the ground and self. "Her wings are clipped." At eighteen, T.E. Lawrence went on a grand tour through France by bicycle; a young girl would never be permitted to take on such an adventure...Yet such experiences have an inestimable impact: this is how an individual in the headiness of freedom and discovery learns to look at the entire world as his fief...[The girl] may feel alone within the world: she never stands up in front of it, unique and sovereign.
David Baldacci, The Camel Club|I remember my father telling me about England’s redrawing of India’s boundaries when it became independent. They wanted to separate the Hindu from the Muslim, but they used outdated maps. Twelve million people had to relocate because the Brits screwed it up so badly. And a half million people died during the resulting chaos. And before that, Iraq was unilaterally cobbled together, causing many of the conflicts we see today. There are dozens of such examples. The strong countries smashing the weaker ones and then avoiding responsibility later for the very problems they caused.”“You keep proving my point, Tom, that we’re rotten to the core.”“My point is we never learn!
Michael Specter|President Obama has almost doubled our national debt to more than $19 trillion, and growing. And yet, what do we have to show for it? Our roads and bridges are falling apart, our airports are in Third World condition, and forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
Albert Camus|I grant we should add a third category: that of the true healers. But it is a fact one doesn't come across many of them, and anyhow it must be a hard vocation. That's why I decided to take, in every predicament, the victim's side, so as to reduce the damage done. Among them I can at least try to discover how on attains to the third category; in other words, to peace.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation|I shall not be alive a half decade hence,” said Seldon, “and yet it is of overpowering concern to me. Call it idealism. Call it an identification of myself with that mystical generalization to which we refer by the term, ‘man.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, all that which is on the outside, is also within! Faults that are seen on the outside [in other people] are the very faults that lie within [our own self]. The universe (Brahmand) that is on the outside is also within. When matters are settled with everyone on the outside, everything within will get settled. Thereafter none within will have complaints.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him
Miley Cyrus|In Chicago, you have an absence of strong family units, and that absence gets filled by gangs. You have a failure in the school system, after-school programs and other social programs to help keep kids off the streets. Amnesty International speaks to that in some way, by keeping these issues in the forefront.
Bill Burr|When I approach a band, I want to respect them and be respectful of their music. I'm not gonna say, 'Look, you guys are real hot, so we'll stick you in the movie, and we'll get it in all these stores and all these stations.' That isn't right.
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Learn to love someone when they least deserve it, because that is when they need your love most.
Shauna Cross, Derby Girl|Most wives fuck their husbands, just to ensure financial support. Marriage is just a form of legalized prostitution, when you really thought about it.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|Strange, how being left out of a secret always feels like a betrayal of trust.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people’s hands.
Ogwo David Emenike|There is no good envy, except the one that motivates us to reach higher goals and be better than the person we were yesterday.
Kudakwashe Mazendame|We hope you have found challenge in your path this morning.” -- Laniel, Abbot of Bilkar the Furred
Orison Swett Marden|There's always the motivation of wanting to win. Everybody has that. But a champion needs, in his attitude, a motivation above and beyond winning.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Don’t be with him, don’t want him, don’t go with him. Be with me. Want me. Stay with me.I don’t know how to be without you.
Anthony Liccione|Water shrinks wool, urgency shrinks time.Shrinkage may be an advantage or the reverse, according to expectation.
Phil Robertson|Honestly, I didn't have the patience for biology or history in an academic sense, but I always liked the kind of big questions.
Roland Barthes, The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Collège de France, 1977-1978|Don’t bleach language, savour it instead. Stroke it gently or even groom it, but don’t “purify” it.
George Stamatis|To be in a Community means working together to create a better community that responds to everyone's needs. Regardless of age, background or past mistakes, we need to be able to accept and transcend differences; whether from a different region, we need to enable people to communicate openly and effectively to help improve their community. An uncommon sense of safety is necessary if we are to work together towards common goals, a feeling of trust and belonging to this community, and this is what we must fight for. The moment we stop fighting for the needs of our community, that's the moment we lose the sense of community.
Osho, Learning to Silence the Mind: Wellness Through Meditation|Meditation is simply awareness without any effort, an effortless alertness; it does not need any technique. But your mind is so full of thoughts, so full of dreams, so much of the past, so much of the future—it is not here and now, and awareness has to be here and now. The techniques are needed to help you to cut your roots from the past, to cut your dreams from the future, and to keep you in this moment as if only this moment exists. Then there is no need of any technique. After Shiva’s Vigyan Bhairava Tantra, in these five or ten thousand years, nobody has developed a single method. The cathartic methods are simply to throw all your impatience, your speediness, your hurry, your repressions.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|I tell you about a fact and truth. In physical reality of matter, there's no such thing as an imaginary spirit nor spiritual ghost. They are also made of matter, but totally different in size andlaws of physics which rule their life and the way they interact.
Andre Agassi|I stand and feel an overpowering urge to forgive, because I realize that my father can't help himself, that he never could help himself, any more than he could understand himself.
|No matter how great my strategy is and how hard I work to accompish a task, I always give God the glory because I am fully aware that nothing is possible without His heavenly grace.
Ayn Rand|I know no one is perfect, that behind every facade of perfection is a writhing mess of subterfuge and secret sorrows... but even taking that into account, Noah was pretty much perfect.
Thomas Hardy, A Pair of Blue Eyes|You ride well, but you don't kiss nicely at all.
Jojo Moyes, The Last Letter from Your Lover|You know, you can't make someone love you again. No matter how much you might want it. Sometimes, unfortunately, the timing is simply... off.
Alan M. Dershowitz|I am not frightened of my beliefs. If there is a God who is threatening me with damnation because I don't believe in Him, so be it. I've lived my life in conscience, and I will suffer damnation willingly in conscience against a tyrannical God who would damn me because, on the basis of the intelligence He gave me, I have come to a conclusion doubting His existence, and I will continue to be a skeptic all of my life.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|If we occupy our minds with self-loathing or negative thoughts, then maybe we don’t have enough to do.
John  Holliday, Mission to China: How an Englishman Brought the West to the Orient|Conventional wisdom tells us not to dwell in the past. I believe, however, that we should hold hands with it.
Susie Orbach|My plant-based diet plus fish is to credit for my low blood pressure, high energy, and robust immunity.
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|Well, God be with you,’ she said as she finally left him. ’I’m sure He is,’ he replied. She gave a start. ’Are you certain of that?’’He has every reason to be. Obviously He’s Lord over all Creation, but it can’t be anything special to be god of animals and mountains. It’s really us human beings that make Him what He is. So why shouldn’t He be with us?’Having delivered this impressive speech, Rolandsen looked rather pleased with himself. The curate’s wife would be puzzling over him as she walked home. Ha-ha, it was not so surprising that the little dome resting on his shoulders should have made such a great invention after all! But now the cognac had arrived.
Paul Hollywood|When you're a crime reporter, you see the nub of what life's about, and you don't have much patience for the falsity of politics.
Dan Brown, The Lost Symbol|Knowledge is power, and the right knowledge lets man perform miraculous, almost godlike tasks.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|For all salespeople - Driving around and talking to people for a living, with no recognisable return for the time or money spent by your employer - is a job description that belongs in the past.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|Your whole life, you are told what is right and what is wrong. What you should do and what you should not do. What makes a good citizen and what makes a traitorous one. What happens, then, when you do everything you are not meant to do? Break down each and every barrier? Find out how good you are by how evil you can be?
Sarah Vowell, Lafayette in the Somewhat United States|In the United States, there was no simpler, more agreeable time.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|She told me that I need to forget about us, everything that came to lfie wasn't meant to be, all was a mistakeBut how?How can it be a mistake that I always took her to the Lord on my knees?
Kate Willis, The Treasure Hunt|As they ran to the barn and began the careful climb up the steep ladder, Lily realized she had accidentally put on snow boots in her hurry. When they reached the top, the quiet hush of the still hayloft gave them that whisper-in-the-library feeling.
John Howard Yoder, When War is Unjust: Being Honest in Just-War Thinking|Nonviolent action on behalf of justice is no automatic forumla with promise of success: but neither is war. After all, at least half of the people who go to war for some cause deemed worthy of it are defeated.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, if your distinction isn't angering the mediocre, it's actually mediocre.
Pico Iyer|We travel, initially, to lose ourselves; and we travel, next to find ourselves. We travel to open our hearts and eyes and learn more about the world than our newspapers will accommodate. We travel to bring what little we can, in our ignorance and knowledge, to those parts of the globe whose riches are differently dispersed. And we travel, in essence, to become young fools again- to slow time down and get taken in, and fall in love once more.
Faith Hunter, Blood Trade|Those who consider the inessential to be essential And see the essential as inessential Don't reach the essential, Living in the field of wrong intention
Debasish Mridha|All that matters in life is that you are happy with where you are, what you are, and with whom you are. Everything around you will be happy and smile with you. If that isn’t success, then what is?
Mother Teresa|It is not fitting, when one is in God's service, to have a gloomy face or a chilling look.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves, like locked rooms and like books that are now written in a very foreign tongue. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is, to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps you will then gradually, without noticing it, live along some distant day into the answer.
Dorothy Gilman, A Nun in the Closet|Man is the bridge of good as much as evil. He hurts and he loves. He divides and he unites. He destroys and he rebuilds. He kills and he saves lives. Yet, he denies or pretends that he does not know the other side of him. He only knows of himself as the protagonist, the righteous, and the honorable one. Others, who do not belong to his fold, are the villains, the devils, and the low-life beings. Ironically, the less he knows of his other self the more he becomes what he derides and denigrates. He is the tragic paradox of what he claims to be despite the evidence of his action that proves otherwise. (Danny Castillones Sillada, Man: The Paragon of All Paradoxes)
Hugh Sidey|The point about a great story is that it's got a beginning, a middle and end.
George Harrison|Give me loveGive me loveGive me peace on earthGive me lightGive me lifeKeep me free from birthGive me hopeHelp me cope, with this heavy loadTrying to, touch and reach you with,heart and soul
Linda Howard, Mr. Perfect|I’m Sam Donovan.”  “I know who you are. Mrs. Kulavich told me. I’m Jaine Bright.”  “I know. She told me. She even told me how you spell your name.”  Now, how on earth had Mrs. Kulavich known that?
Jeff VanderMeer, Wonderbook: The Illustrated Guide to Creating Imaginative Fiction|People with character are capable of long obedience in the same direction, of staying attached to people and causes and callings through thick and thin. People with character also have scope. They are not infinitely flexible, free-floating, and solitary. They are anchored by permanent attachments to important things. In the realm of the intellect, they have a set of permanent convictions about fundamental truths. In the realm of emotion, they are enmeshed in a web of unconditional loves. In the realm of action, they have a permanent commitment to tasks that cannot be completed in a single lifetime.
Thomas Watson|We should pray that God would enrich his ordinance with his presence; that he would make the sacrament effectual to all those holy ends and purposes for which he hath appointed it; that it may be the feast of our graces, and the funeral of our corruptions; that it may not only be a sign to represent, but an instrument to convey, Christ to us, and a seal to assure us of our heavenly jointure [union].
Edith Hamilton|Euripides "questioned everything. He was a misanthrope who preferred books to men.
Martin Chemnitz|I am convinced we shall succeed. I have faith in this country, because I have faith in its people.
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|Separating one's “self” physically from the world (as an unseen entity) alienates the human being from the facts of a sensual world and its realities. In order to have a self, you must provide a story for that self. Whether it is the tale of past pain or future fears the etheric self requires a story because it is hitchhiking on the natural.
Lorrie Moore, Anagrams|In the Dictionary 'lumpy jaw' comes just before 'lunacy,' but in life there are no such clues. Suddenly, for no reason, you might start to dribble from the mouth, to howl peevishly at the moon. You might start quoting your mother, out loud and with conviction. You might lose your friends to the most uninspired of deaths. You might one day wake up and find yourself teaching at a community college; there will have been nothing to warn you. You might say things to your students like, There is only one valid theme in literature: Life will disappoint you.
Terry Goodkind, Faith of the Fallen|Honor is honesty to what is, not blind duty to what you wish to be.
Mohamed Latiff Mohamed, The Widower|They will try to ascribe a purpose to my death, as though it were a punishment, but don’t you do so, in order that I continue to live in all the shadows of your longing. I will always be in your sleep and your wakefulness. I will be with you praying, propitiating and yearning for you, in sadness, in sorrow, in dismay and in the most profound happiness.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you hold a candle close to you, its flame rises. And if you hold it away from you, its flame shrinks. The same way you hold a candle close to you, keep all your plans, aspirations, projects, and dreams close to you too. Do not share your plans or goals until you complete them, because as you hold your candle away from you — envy, jealousy, and resentment may put out your flame before it grows.
Sun Tzu|The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war.
Monica Dickens|Life was like a jigsaw, but if you tried to fit the pieces together yourself, you generally got them wrong. Pierre had money; she needed money. Pierre was lovable and loved her; she would marry him. She had thought that was the pattern the pieces made. But it had been like trying to force two pieces together that didn't fit, and then, suddenly, the jigsaw had been done, in quite a different way, by other hands.
Amado Nervo|Amé, fuí amado, el sol acarició mi faz.¡Vida, nada me debes! ¡Vida, estamos en paz!I loved, I was loved, the sun stroked my face.Life, you owe me nothing! Life, we are at peace!
Ellen J. Barrier|Everyone that steps on to the ladder of success must have hope. Without it, no one is able to reach the top.
Scott Stabile|He had no idea how to deal with the staggering amount of grief he felt, so he looked to the sun and blinded himself with its light.
Joseph Murphy|God is the source of my supply. His riches flow to me freely, copiously, and abundantly. All my financial and other needs are met at every moment of time and point of space; there is always a divine surplus.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If we do not accept our challenges and remain in our comfort zone, then we undergo degradation
David Joseph Cribbin, Father Crow and Other Poems|And I howled at that swarm and the crops and the sky, and the stars should have quit because there weren't no reason to be shining.
Gordon Neufeld|If you ever start feeling like you have the goofiest, craziest, most dysfunctional family in the world, all you have to do is go to a state fair. Because five minutes at the fair, you'll be going, 'you know, we're alright. We are dang near royalty.'
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|There is no life here but the slow death of days, and so when the evil falls on the town, its coming seems almost preordained, sweet and morphic. It is almost as though the town knows the evil was coming and the shape it would take.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Do not plan to die, do not plan for the death of your name or your influence - rather, plan for the resting of a life well lived. Make an eternal mark.
Matisyahu|Political consultants are pugilists, masters in the dark art of negativity. Which is why it's surprising to hear Democrats such as Steve McMahon and Republicans like Rich Galen urging their presidential candidates to be more, well, positive.
Mark F. LaMoure|In life, we tend to get what we expect. Start expecting the best for yourself. Since life is a do-it-to-yourself project, why not choose to believe in miracles? You have the freedom of choice. Why not expect miracles to happen to you? Change your thinking, to change your life. To do it, write your goals, work hard and expect miracles for the best of success.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|The festive season isn’t just a time to teach children about Jesus and giving, it’s also a time to teach your children about those less fortunate. This year, encourage your children to pick a present and give it to a child who has none, or take them to a charity drive.
Sonia Sotomayor|I would bend over backward to be back on Grey's. Any day, I'll choose lying in bed with Katherine Heigl looking over me over getting thrown against walls by supernatural persons at 5 in the morning.
C. JoyBell C.|The fact that it has nothing else to contribute to human wisdom is no reason to hand religion a free licence to tell us what to do. Which religion, anyway? The one in which we happen to have been brought up? To which chapter, then, of which book of the Bible should we turn—for they are far from unanimous and some of them are odious by any reasonable standards. How many literalists have read enough of the Bible to know that the death penalty is prescribed for adultery, for gathering sticks on the sabbath and for cheeking your parents? If we reject Deuteronomy and Leviticus (as all enlightened moderns do), by what criteria do we then decide which of religion's moral values to accept? Or should we pick and choose among all the world's religions until we find one whose moral teaching suits us? If so, again we must ask, by what criterion do we choose? And if we have independent criteria for choosing among religious moralities, why not cut out the middle man and go straight for the moral choice without the religion?
Charles R. Drysdale|A revolution is taking place within her, as though a lifetime's experience could be outdistanced in the span of a conversation.
Daniel Kahneman|Most important, of course, we all care intensely for the narrative of our own life and very much want it to be a good story, with a decent hero.
Leah Hager Cohen, I Don't Know: In Praise of Admitting Ignorance|A number of small decisions, each appearing insignificant in the moment and made in isolation of one another, can result in a negative outcome.
D'Brickashaw Ferguson|In the 20 long, hungry years between my late teens and late 30s I bought in to virtually every new diet and/or exercise regime that hoved into view, particularly at this most vulnerable time for those of us prone to poor body image - a new year.
Tara Taylor Quinn, A Child's Wish|I don't know how to be anything but pretend," I replied, and it ached in me how true that really was. "But if I could be real, I'd be real for you.
Neil Gaiman|The world is full of all sorts of brilliant stuff and I haven't found out all about it yet, so I don't want anyone messing it about or endin' it before I've had the chance to find out about it.-Adam to DEATH & the 4 horsepeople of the Apocalypse
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|Head knowledge is worthless, unless accompanied by submission of the will and right action.
P. J. O'Rourke|Politics is a necessary evil, or a necessary annoyance, a necessary conundrum.
Ika Natassa, A Very Yuppy Wedding|So please, just let me be egocentric and ask you to stay.
Geoffrey Wood|I say “illusion” of choice because, in many cases, the nature of their choices hardly reaches the level of will, but of merely perfunctory activity. For the most part, their desires are not too strong, they are too weak, apathetic and easily placated. They often can be tempted into doing Nothing.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|It was a symposium of horror and heroism, the like of which has not been known in the civilized world since man established his dominion over the sea.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Dress the part! Invent and pretend to your heart’s content! Act, sing, and dance while everyone’s watching! The world’s a stage, remember?
Alex Levine|Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar and fat.
Leigh Hershkovich|Oh Josie," Samuel sighed gently. "Your heart is too tender for your own good.""I don't usually cry like this, Samuel. Geez, it's been years since I've cried like this. Since you've been back I can't seem to stop. It's like a cloud has burst inside me, and I'm caught in a constant downpour""Come here, Josie," Samuel said, and when I slid over next to him he kissed me gently on the forehead and smoothed my hair from my damp cheeks. "Well then, maybe you should go ahead and just let it rain for a while"And so I did.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|When a feeling or thought arises, your intention should not be to chase it away, even if by continuing to concentrate on the breath the feeling or thought passes naturally from the mind. The intention isn't to chase it away, hate it, worry about it, or be frightened by it. So what exactly should you be doing concerning such thoughts and feelings? Simply acknowledge their presence.
Betsy Cornwell, Tides|You're a freaking pschopath," I said, but he only chuckled."I don't expect you to understand, little bird," He turned toward me fully, fingering his blade and smiling. "I expect you only to sing. Sing for me, sing for Kanin, and make it a glorious song
Robert Kennedy|When the shine is wearing off and the underlying cracks of a garlanded lifestyle become painfully apparent, reality may inexorably take its toll and gruelingly reveal the presence of a blatant and hideous gap of irrelevance and vanity. ("Could the milk man be the devil?" )
Tommy Wiseau|Real pirates were better than in movies, more daring and terrifying and cunning than any screenwriter could imagine. They operated during the Golden Age of Piracy, from 1650 to 1720.
Aaron Rodgers|If you feel rooted in your home and family, if you're active in your community, there's nothing more empowering. The best way to make a difference in the world is to start by making a difference in your own life.
Tamora Pierce (Author), Mastiff|Men may or may not be better drivers than women, but they seem to die more often trying to prove that they are.
Michael Bay|I've always loved silent movies. I recently saw 'Tilly's Punctured Romance' at the Academy, which is the first comedy made with Charlie Chaplin in 1914, and I sat there, and I couldn't believe that the entire audience of 2,000 people were laughing that hard from a movie made in 1914 - and there were no words; it was all faces.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|In the dull, persistent beat of her heart, she hears the rhythm of hope. It is faint and thin as a thread, but it is there.
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|His life spells living. Your life or my life, apart from Him, spells death.
Katey Sagal|Don't make music for some vast, unseen audience or market or ratings share or even for something as tangible as money. Though it's crucial to make a living, that shouldn't be your inspiration. Do it for yourself.
Danielle Trussoni, Angelology|It takes four angels to oversee an apocalypse: a recorder to make the book that would be scripture in the new world; a preserver to comfort and save those selected to be the first generation; an accuser to remind them why they suffer; and a destroyer to revoke the promise of survival and redemption, and to teach them the awful truth about furious sheltering grace.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|You are not alone in this world; you are the vine from a tree that connects all mankind. Long before you were born, God wrote greatness next to your name.
Colin Kaepernick|The oppressed, having internalized the image of the oppressor and adopted his guidelines, are fearful of freedom.
Kate  Cooper, Band of Angels: The Forgotten World of Early Christian Women|Remember that writing things down makes them real; that it is nearly impossible to hate anyone whose story you know; and, most of all, that even in our post-postmodern era, writing has a moral purpose. With twenty-six shapes arranged in varying patterns, we can tell every story known to mankind, and make up all the new ones—indeed, we can do so in most of the world’s known tongues. If you can give language to experiences previously starved for it, you can make the world a better place.
Baba Kalyani|A cigarette is a breathing space. It makes a parenthesis. The time of a cigarette is a parenthesis, and if it is shared, you are both in that parenthesis. It's like a proscenium arch for a dialogue.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|Her vision came into focus and again this time the trees crackled and mocked her. You’re going to die you silly bitch, they seemed to chant. They waved their branches, howling, as the wind whistled through the trails which had suddenly grown icy cold. Kayn’s mind snapped back to reality; she had lost a lot of blood…none of this was real. Children of Ankh
Nina Guilbeau|As soon as you stop making everyone else responsible for your happiness, the happier you’ll be.
Darrell Calkins|There is something mysterious yet definitely accessible to us all under the agitated waves of difficulty that allows us to feel and flow along a more comprehensive intuitive and spiritual understanding of true meaning. And to find solace, accepting serenity and even beauty within it.
Alyscia Cunningham|...wear a hat and some old lady shoes, and you can do whatever you want.
Justin S. Holcomb|this process isn’t suitable for complex decisions that have nuance, and those who use it in such situations run the risk of being perceived as rubberstamping when the decision had already been made.
John Wycliffe|It doesn't matter how much wisdom you have. If you don't have position, you have nothing. That's the tragedy of India.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Dying on your own terms, this is the greatest gift anyone can bestow upon a mortal man.
Herodotus|In articulating all my feelings about marriage equality, I almost don't know where to begin. And perhaps that's part of the problem. Why do we have to explain ourselves when it comes to issues of fairness and equality? Why is common sense not enough?
Steve Maraboli|Well, sometimes love seems easy. Like ... it's easy to love rain ... and hawks. And it's easy to love wild plums ... and the moon. But with people, seems like love's a hard thing to know. It gets all mixed up. I mean, you can love one person in one way and another person in another way. But how do you know you love the right one in every way?""I'm not sure, but I think you'll know. I think if it's the right person, it'll be better than rain and hawks and wild plums. Even better than the moon. I think it'll be better than all that put together.
Nikki Rowe|Some mediocre ladies in influential positions are usually embarrassed by an unusual book and so prefer the old familiar stuff which doesn't embarrass them and also doesn't give the child one slight inkling of beauty and reality. This is most discouraging to a creative writer, like you, and also to a hardworking and devoted editor like me. I love most of my editor colleagues but I must confess that I get a little depressed and sad when some of their neat little items about a little girl in old Newburyport during the War of 1812 gets [sic] adopted by a Reading Circle.
Eric Foner, The New American History|High school parties exhausted me because I always felt like I was the only thinking person in a room mostly full of morons obliterating precious IQ points with every gulp of whatever booze they managed to steal out of their parents' liquor cabinets. College parties are exhausting in a diametrically opposite way. They are full of smart, funny people who are all used to being the smartest, funniest person in the room, so they spend the whole party talking over one another, overlapping and overtaking the conversation to prove that they are the smartest, funniest person in the room, if not the entire planet.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Living a religious sexual lifestyle is tantamount to living a lie.Religion distorts our sexuality when the majority of religious people live one life for the public and another in private. It can be as simple as living as a "happily married" couple when you are both miserable with your sex life.
John Maynard Keynes|When my information changes, I alter my conclusions. What do you do, sir?
Lillie Langtry|As a Scot, I instinctively feel a sympathy towards a culture which is based on generosity. It's very refreshing. Afghans think they're the best people in the world and their country is the best place in the world, and it's strange because you go there and it doesn't really look like it, and yet they assume that everybody else envies them.
Nick Vujicic|The sight of parents, children and grandparents all descending on a tented field to enjoy the pleasure of ideas and books renews my faith in humanity.
Adam Sternbergh, The Blinds|In the end, what matters is this: I survived.
Embee, Tess Embers|I was going to die.	I was going to die, right now, right here, before I even had a chance to thoroughly apologize to anyone for what I’d done...before I had a chance to forgive myself.	I wasn’t even going to leave with a bang, one final act of dignity or at least the thought that I still belonged somewhere; I would die without even the simple acceptance that I’d done everything I could.	Tears welled in my eyes, but I didn’t let them fall. I didn’t want to die crying.
Matthew Heines|He will be sorry for the way he treated you, Don't you worry about that. Focus on your growth and watch his eyes gaze in sorrow as he knows, he was the bastard that made you strong.
Karl Lagerfeld|I wake up in the morning, and I go, 'I'm Doctor Who! I'm playing Doctor Who. I'm Doctor Who.'
Ike Barinholtz|I was 11 when a teacher suggested to my parents that they should send me to drama classes to curb my disruptive ways in the classroom. The next Saturday I was acting, and thereafter it became a ritual of my youth to see a show at the Belvoir on Sundays and, if I was lucky, another at the Opera House on Monday after school.
Robert Browning, Jocoseria|What Youth deemed crystal, Age finds out was dew
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|The problem with people is they forget that most of the time it's the small things that count. Everyone's so busy waiting in the Waiting Place. If we stopped to remember that there's such a thing as a Purina Tower and a view like this, we'd all be happier.
Amelia Gray, AM/PM|I listen to the things people want out of love these days and they blow my mind. I go to the pub with the boys from the squad and listen while they explain, with minute precision, exactly what shape a woman should be, what bits she should shave how, what acts she should perform on which date and what she should always or never do or say or want; I eavesdrop on women in cafes while they reel off lists of which jobs a man is allowed, which cars, which labels, which flowers and restaurants and gemstones get the stamp of approval, and I want to shout, Are you people out of your tiny minds?
J. D. Souther|When I read a book I liked, I would get a pen and one of my father's legal pads and rewrite it from memory as if I had thought of it myself. It was a clear sign that I wanted to be involved in writing, even if it was just pretend at that point.
Catherine Carrigan, Unlimited Intuition NOW|When we pray for guidance in a group, we create a positive force field and align our personal energies towards a single direction.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|But no sooner had morning broken than he took hold of his whip and ceremoniously stepped out to address his slaves. Each blow was liberating, it was like unshaking proof of the great lie of God’s existence.
Subcomandante Marcos|Labourism was to be the bete noire of the Party, hated as much as the capitalist system itself. Its growth was to lead to the hardening of Party attitudes almost to the point where even the wish to improve everyday conditions was considered iniquitous. The resentment was heated by the fact that many of the rising Labour leaders had been fellow members of the Social Democratic Federation and once professed the revolution.No words were strong enough for the Party's contempt. In the the Socialist Standard they were 'fakirs', a strong allusion to self-seeking piety, and on the platforms 'Labour bleeders',...
Susan Napier, A Lesson in Seduction|You're playing hookey for her? You met her, what, five minutes ago? And now she's what? Your girlfriend? Did you give her your varsity jacket?
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|We make people into Gods, desperate that they never leave us and hopeful that someday, if we ever deserve it, maybe they’ll love us back even half way.
Gift Gugu Mona|There are some people who may be good yet toxic for you, so be careful of who you surround yourself with.
Saaif Alam|A person' s life is a cycle that involves both his or her events of success and failure. A person should understand that most obstacles can be overcomed, but some of his or her barriers that he or she is born with could not be broken. It can be under control if the person understands his or her own identity.
Dominic Riccitello|I went into the new year loving myself in different ways, in a different possibility. It was then that I understood things I hadn’t. It was then that I understood people I hadn’t. We work in ways where sometimes we don’t align because our intersections lead us elsewhere. We find ourselves in rapids which lead to lightning, in beds that leave us homesick. We lust after the impetuous, in hopelessness, and sometimes in the reactive. We like things and people who are bad for us and that’s fine. It’s fine because it’s life. It happens. They exist. We exist. We all exist together in this world where nothing seems to make sense. Where everything is nothing but imaginary because it’s what we imagine it to be. Reality exists and it’s there, but life is what you make it. Your actions ask for it. How you exist is how you exist.We take every new year and give it a theme because we’re scared of how it could be. You change in the moment, not by years. You be to become and becoming is something which frightens people. Lead by example instead of letting the example lead you. Take this new year and find yourself in people who question it because questioning is how you gain from it.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|On the way home from church, I felt like I was walking on clouds, as pure as an angel. I wished a car would run me down at that very instant, so I could die and go straight to heaven before I had a chance to sin again.
Glenn Beck, The 7: Seven Wonders That Will Change Your Life|Defeat anger, stop using it as a shield against truth, and you will find the compassion you need to forgive the people you love.
José Ortega y Gasset, An Interpretation of Universal History|To love can mean 'to love oneself,' and often love is no more than a juxtaposition of two solitudes.
Francois Rabelais|We all need Europe, not just those of us in Europe. And we Germans need Europe more than the others. Germany is the country with the longest border, the most neighbours, and is, by population and economic strength, the number one in Europe.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Galileo Galilei|A stone thrown up into the air is bound to fall down, and absolute power is like a huge stone thrown up into the air.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|But supposing God became a man - suppose our human nature which can suffer and die was amalgamated with God's nature in one person - then that person could help us. He could surrender His will, and suffer and die, because He was man; and He could do it perfectly because He was God. You and I can go through this process only if God does it in us; but God can only do it if He becomes man. Our attempts at this dying will succeed only if we men share in God's dying, just as our thinking can succeed only because it is a drop out of the ocean of His intelligence: but we cannot share God's dying unless God dies; and He cannot die except by being a man. That is the sense in which He pays our debt, and suffers for us what He Himself need not suffer at all.
Robert J. Sawyer|If the history of the western moral imagination is the story of an enduring and unending revolt against human cruelty, there are few more consequential figures than Raphael Lemkin - and few whose achievements have been more ignored by the general public. It was he who coined the word 'genocide.' He was also its victim.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you're in love, love to the limit; and if you hate, why hate like the devil and if it's a fight you're in, get where it's hottest and fight like hell - if you don't life's not worth the living.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|There is more in you of good than you know, child of the kindly West. Some courage and some wisdom, blended in measure. If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible is the textbook of revelation.In God’s great classroom there are three textbooks—one called nature, one called conscience, and one named Scripture. In the written textbook of revelation—the Bible—God speaks through words.
Anne Lamott, Operating Instructions: A Journal of My Son's First Year|And I felt like my heart had been so thoroughly and irreparably broken that there could be no real joy again, that at best there might eventually be a little contentment. Everyone wanted me to get help and rejoin life, pick up the pieces and move on, and I tried to, I wanted to, but I just had to lie in the mud with my arms wrapped around myself, eyes closed, grieving, until I didn’t have to anymore.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|I thought of what my mom had said. "You talk like a man." It was easier to talk like a man than to be one.
Dayna S. Rubin, Running Parallel|Take it all, all of it!" Greg cried out. "These things here...I've been making them better, fixing them. It doesn't matter...they don't matter. I've been here before." He paused to try to collect himself. "It's my past, my present...these things--" He lifted a hand out to the objects around him. "These things are me." Now whispering, "Can't you see me?
Hannah Arendt, Eichmann in Jerusalem: A Report on the Banality of Evil|Isn't there in every human soul...an initial spark, a divine element, incorruptible in this world, immortal in the next, that good can bring out, prime, ignite, set on fire and cause to blaze splendidly, and that evil can never extinguish?
Graham Greene, A Gun for Sale|She couldn't avoid being serious about things she cared for, and happiness made her grave at the thought of all the things which might destroy it.
John        Davis, Female Sex Predators: A Crime Epidemic|We also have to consider the many different kinds of rape we have learned about over the past few years as conservative politicians blunder through trying to explain their stances on sexual violence and abortion. For instance, Indiana treasurer Richard Mourdock, running for the US Senate in 2012, said, in a debate, "I struggled with it myself for a long time, and I realized that life is a gift from God, and I think even when life begins int hat horrible situation of rape, that is something God intended to happen." I've been obsessing over these words, and trying to understand how someone who purports to believe in God can also believe that anything born of rape is God-intended. Just as there are many different kinds of rape, there are many different kinds of God. I am also reminded that women, more often than not, are the recipient of God's intentions and must also bear the burdens of these intentions. Mourdock is certainly not alone in offering up opinions about rape. Former Missouri representative Todd Akin believes in "legitimate rape" and the oxymoronic "forcible rape," not to be confused with all that illegitimate rape going on. Ron Paul believes in the existence of "honest rape," but turns a blind eye to the dishonest rapes out there. Former Wisconsin State representative Roger Rivard believes some girls, "they rape so easy." Lest you think these new definitions of rape are only the purview of men, failed Senate candidate Linda McMahon of Connecticut has introduced us to the idea of "emergency rape." Given this bizarre array of new rape definitions, it is hard to reconcile the belief that women are rising when there is still so much in our cultural climate working to hold women down. We can, I suppose, take comfort in knowing that none of these people is in a position of power anymore.
Clive Owen|I grew up on the Roger Moore and Sean Connery Bond movies, so the DNA of my spies is extremely ridiculous and goofy.
Paul Walker|I think that in a year I may retire. I cannot take my money with me when I die and I wish to enjoy it, with my family, while I live. I should prefer living in Germany to any other country, though I am an American, and am loyal to my country.
Oddný Eir, Land of Love and Ruins|I wanted to tell it like it is, that they were right: it's nerve-wracking being a teenager. But instead, I explained to them the importance of being a trusted friend, and that friendship made the teenage years fun, when true camaraderie grew and developed.
Stuart Miller, Men and Friendship|Frequently, friendship is represented as something too steadily pleasant, or in certain of the masterpieces of the past -- Aristotle and Cicero, for example -- as pervaded by a constant mutual understanding and a gentle calm. Friendship is also an emotional relationship, with involvement that can get hot at times, like any other deep involvement with a person.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
Paul Bradley Smith|When we share, we open doors to a new beginning.
Mark Pincus|Family time was very difficult when my girls were little, but I never missed a birthday; I was there for every major event.
Samira Wiley|I wanted to be Whitney Houston at first, and when I started taking voice lessons, my voice teacher kind of geared me more towards opera.
Clyde Edgerton|Being a father, being a friend, those are the things that make me feel successful.
Russell Banks, Lost Memory of Skin|Many boys, probably most boys, have a first love before they fall in love with a woman. It begins the moment two boys realize they'd die for one another, that each cares more for the other than he does for himself, and it lasts usually until a second love comes on the scene, because most hearts aren't big enough to love more than one person like that.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|Nature paces its change in gradual steps, and in this time of renewal, I danced in sync to the rhythm of life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Identity was a liquid state, ever interchangeable, and adaptable to its surroundings... It was better to not have favourites - a snake didn't mourn when it had to shed its skin.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|i discovered that my obsession for having each thing in the right place, each subject at the right time, each word in the right style, was not the well-deserved reward of an ordered mind, but just the opposite: a complete system of pretense invented by me to hide the disorder of my nature.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|When all hope is gone and your back is against the wall, ‘Pray.’ Ask God to guide you and he will take good care of you.
Desmond Tutu|The thing that is really hard, and really amazing, is giving up on being perfect and beginning the work of becoming yourself.
Alanis Morissette|A feeling is not bottomless. once felt all the way through,a great peace greets you there
Stella Adler, Stella Adler on Ibsen, Strindberg, and Chekhov|Harper: You, the one part ofthe real world I wasn't allergic to.
Pippa DaCosta, Drowning In The Dark|Akil, humans have these wonderful little things we like to cling onto, called souls. The jury’s still out as to whether demons have them, I sincerely doubt you do." ~ Muse.
Socrates|Get not your friends by bare compliments, but by giving them sensible tokens of your love.
Kingsley Amis|Yevgeny Yevtushenko: 'You atheist?'"Kingsley Amis: 'Well, yes, but it's more that I hate him.
Robert H. Rimmer, That Girl from Boston|Love does not dwell on how much one receives in return. If there is ever any balance in love, it is in a contest of who can love who more.
Maria Shriver|What I'm after is not living to 1,000. I'm after letting people avoid death for as long as they want to.
Sherwin B. Nuland|Health care historically has been a very siloed field that's organized around medical specialties - urology, cardiac surgery, and so forth - and around the supply of these specialty services. The patient is the ping-pong ball that moves from service to service.
Walter Scott|Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Jarrid Wilson, Jesus Swagger: Break Free from Poser Christianity|When it comes to loving people, let's not allow it to be something we do on the side. Let's make it a lifestyle. Whether we are at the gas station, picking up groceries, even waiting to get our car repaired, there is always an open opportunity to love someone in need.
Zoe Forward, Playing The Witch's Game|He groaned and murmured, "If I didn't think I was going to die, I'd have you right here.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|In real life, it's good Netiquette to limit yourself to a two drink maximum when social networking. NetworkEtiquette.net
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|There is something embarrassing about someone else's grief. It is hard to know what to do around it. The right answer, always, is hugs.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|The fact is…I’m in love with you, and I have been for some time.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|Here's the thing: this eel spends its entire life trying to find a home, and what do you think women have inside them? Caves, where the eels like to live...when they find a cave they like, the wriggle around inside it for a while to be sure that...well, to be sure it's a nice cave, I suppose. And when they've made up their minds that it's comfortable, they mark the cave as their territory...by spitting.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|No. The moral of the story in so far as it has one is that cannibals can study logic, and that if you are going to leave the path, you better have your wits about you and know better than to trust the first scary old lady who talks to you in public.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|In depression, buy gas balloons; they would make you feel lighter.
M.R. Field, Splinters|In order to love, we must address our fears.
Ripley Patton, Ghost Hand|[…] One night, five men from Nuweiba were travelling past the mountain, and one of them fell behind, and was separated from his companions. As the man – whom we will call Ahmed – wandered in the darkness, wondering where his friends had gone, a beautiful woman suddenly appeared out of the night and blocked his path. She gave him a choice: ‘Sex, or be eaten!’ It was not a difficult decision. As the Bedouins put it, ‘the man did what a man has to do.’ […]
Stéphane Audeguy, The Theory of Clouds|There is something almost insane about countries without common borders going to war, something unnatural.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Those who have the privilege to know have the duty to act, and in that action are the seeds of new knowledge.
Erik Pevernagie|Recollection builds up our personality. Our individuality is based on all the little pieces we assembled in the past. ("The past was her best friend")
Mikhail Gorbachev|In all history there is no war which was not hatched by the governments, the governments alone, independent of the interests of the people, to whom war is always pernicious even when successful.
Cheryld|Don't worry about wanting to change; start worrying when you don't feel like changing anymore. And in the meantime, enjoy every version of yourself you ever meet, because not everybody who discovers their true identity likes what they find.
Auliq Ice|Courage injures the strong ones who have no wisdom, but it motivates the brave ones, to always win.
Deborah Rudacille, The Riddle of Gender: Science, Activism, and Transgender Rights|Young men list music as their focus and means of identity -- before sport, before TV, before cinema -- while women cite fashion as most important, with music an ambivalent second.
Francesca Zappia, Made You Up|The boys and girls in the clique. The awful names that they stick. You're never gonna fit in much kid, but it you're troubled and hurt, what you've got under your shirt will make them pay for the things that they did!
Lailah Gifty Akita|There are thoughts that don’t let you sleep in the darkness of nights. Thoughts of life, love, circumstances and dreams. Interestingly, these thoughts don’t disappear when you have your eyes opened in the day ahead. Whether you live greatly or not is determined by these thoughts.
Michel de Certeau, The Practice of Everyday Life|The city defeated him. It refused to be bent into shape; it stayed a willful, sprawling, sinful place. It even told him as much. When he walked through the gutted wreck of old Saint Paul's, he tripped and fell over a piece of rubble -- a tombstone. When he got to his feet and dusted himself down he saw that it read, in Latin, 'Resurgam' -- 'I Will Rise Again.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|She craved a presence beside her, solid. Fingertips light at the nape of her neck and a voice meeting hers in the dark. Someone who would wait with an umbrella to walk her home in the rain, and smile like sunshine when he saw her coming. Who would dance with her on her balcony, keep his promises and know her secrets, and make a tiny world wherever he was, with just her and his arms and his whisper and her trust.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Hazel squinted. "How far?""Just over the river and through the woods."Percy raised an eyebrow. "Seriously? To Grandmother's house we go?"Frank cleared his throat. "Yeah, anyway.
Neil Strauss, The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists|Men are not dogs. We merely think we are and, on occasion, act as if we are. But, by believing in our nobler nature, women have the amazing power to inspire us to live up to it.
Chris Wooding, Retribution Falls|My attitude is born out of necessity. I've made mistakes. I've made decisions I regretted. I know what it's like to live with regret. I live with it everyday. But if I let it take over, I'd never get out of bed in the morning.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|Dear MommyI’m doing really good,I get all A’s in schoolAnd I don’t cry at bedtime anymore,Though my new mom said I could.I remember how much you hate tears,You slapped them out of meTo make me strong,I think it worked.I learned to use a microscopeAnd my hair grew two inches.It’s pretty, just like yours.I’m not allowed to clean the house,Only my own room,Isn’t that a funny rule?You say kids are so much troubleGetting born, they better pay it back.I’m not supposed to take careOf the other kids, only me, I sort of like it.I still get the hole in my stomachWhen I do something wrong,I have a saying on my mirror“Kids make mistakes, It’s OK,”I read it every day,Sometimes I even believe it.I wonder if you ever think of meOr if you’re glad the troublemaker’s gone,I never want to see you again.I love you, Mommy.
John Gregory Brown, A Thousand Miles from Nowhere|We have reached a place too dark to see, so we shall go together.
Trisha Yearwood|Being a big Braves fan, Turner Field would be cool to play a show at.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Perhaps in the back of our minds we already understand, without all the science I've discussed, that something terribly wrong is happening. Our sustenance now comes from misery. We know that if someone offers to show us a film on how our meat is produced, it will be a horror film. We perhaps know more than we care to admit, keeping it down in the dark places of our memory-- disavowed. When we eat factory-farmed meat we live, literally, on tortured flesh. Increasingly, that tortured flesh is becoming our own.
J. Lynn, Wait for You|As long as the sun’s shining, shit can’t be that bad.
Charles Eisenstein, Sacred Economics: Money, Gift, and Society in the Age of Transition|The present convergence of crises––in money, energy, education, health, water, soil, climate, politics, the environment, and more––is a birth crisis, expelling us from the old world into a new.
Seanan McGuire, Sparrow Hill Road|The snow came up to the top of Georgie's calves - she had to lift her feet high to make any progress. Her ears and eyelids were freezing...God, she'd never even been able to imagine this much cold before. How could people live someplace that so obviously didn't want them?
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|We know how it ends practically before it starts. That´s why stories appeal to us. They give us the clarity and simplicity our real lives lack".
Brad Feld|As a company grows from 25 to 50 to 100 to 200 to 500 to 1000 people, the characteristics of who is the very best talent in leadership roles will change. It's rarely the case that your leadership team at 1000 people is the same leadership team you had a 25 people.
Henry S. Whitehead|His new friends did not, perhaps, realize the overpowering effect of the sudden change upon this northernbred man; the effects of the moonlight and the soft trade-wind, the life of love which surrounded him here. Love whispered to him vaguely, compellingly. It summoned him from the palm fronds, rustling dryly in the continuous breeze; love was telegraphed through the shy, bovine eyes of the brown girls in his estate-house village; love assailed him in the breath of the honey-like sweet grass, undulating all day and all night under the white moonlight of the Caribbees, pouring over him intoxicatingly through his opened jalousies as he lay, often sleepless, through long nights of spice and balm smells on his mahogany bedstead—pale grass, looking like snow under the moon.The half-formulated yearnings which these sights and sounds were begetting were quite new and fresh in his experience. Here fresh instincts, newly released, stirred, flared up, at the glare of early-afternoon sunlight, at the painful scarlet of the hibiscus blooms, the incredible indigo of the sea—all these flames of vividness through burning days, wilting into a caressing coolness, abruptly, at the fall of the brief, tropic dusk. The fundament of his crystallizing desire was for companionship in the blazing life of this place of rapid growth and early fading, where time slipped away so fast.("Sweet Grass")
Brené Brown, I Thought It Was Just Me (But It Isn't): Making the Journey from "What Will People Think?" to "I Am Enough"|The biggest potential for helping us overcome shame is this: We are “those people.” The truth is…we are the others. Most of us are one paycheck, one divorce, one drug-addicted kid, one mental health illness, one sexual assault, one drinking binge, one night of unprotected sex, or one affair away from being “those people”–the ones we don’t trust, the ones we pity, the ones we don’t let our kids play with, the ones bad things happen to, the ones we don’t want living next door.
Eoin Colfer, Airman|Other men look up and down, left and right; but men like us are different. We are visionaries.
Leon Brown|Because it is so hard, in any life, to believe in what you can't fully understand.
Stephen Richards|The more you give, the less you need.
Margaret A. Belt|The test of any relationship is, when the going gets tough, whether your partner stays with you or 'gets going'.
Jordan Hoechlin|Those who don't understand your silence,Will never understand your words
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|People die. This is the fact the world desperately hides from us from birth. Long after you find out the truth about sex and Santa Claus, this other myth endures, this one about how you’ll always get rescued at the last second and if not, your death will at least mean something and there’ll be somebody there to hold your hand and cry over you. All of society is built to prop up that lie, the whole world a big, noisy puppet show meant to distract us from the fact that at the end, you’ll die, and you’ll probably be alone.
Alice Greczyn|On one hand I am this weird androgynous tomboy where I'm strangely low maintenance and have a five-minute makeup regimen. On the other I'm obsessed with all things beauty, from skin care to makeup.
Guy Ritchie|There is something about yourself that you don't know. Something that you will deny even exists until it's too late to do anything about it. It's the only reason you get up in the morning, the only reason you suffer the shitty boss, the blood, the sweat and the tears. This is because you want people to know how good, attractive, generous, funny, wild and clever you really are. "Fear or revere me, but please think I'm special." We share an addiction. We're approval junkies. We're all in it for the slap on the back and the gold watch. The "hip, hip, hoo-fucking-rah." Look at the clever boy with the badge, polishing his trophy. Shine on, you crazy diamond. Cos we're just monkeys wrapped in suits, begging for the approval of others.
Curtis Sittenfeld, American Wife|Each of us lives with a sword over his head.There are those who can ignore its shadow and those who cannot. Those who cannot are not necessarily better than those who can. But they are the creators of the special myth of their time, because any myth is the creation of the very few who cannot bear reality.
Nicholas Proffitt, The Embassy House|If you were a country," I said, "what would your national anthem be?"I meant a pre-existing song -- "What a Wonderful World" or "Que Sera, Sera" or something to make it a joke, like "Hey Ya!" ("I would like, more than anything else, for my nation to be shaken like a Polaroid picture.")
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When you find yourself in the thickness of pursuing a goal or dream, stop only to rest. Momentum builds success.
Christopher  Ryan|Griffin Hansbury, who was born female but underwent a sex change after graduating from college, has another well-informed view of the powers of testosterone. “The world just changes,” he said. “The most overwhelming feeling was the incredible increase in libido and change in the way I perceived women.” Before the hormone treatments, Hansbury said, an attractive woman in the street would provoke an internal narrative: “She’s attractive. I’d like to meet her.” But after the injections, no more narrative. Any attractive quality in a woman, “nice ankles or something,” was enough to “flood my mind with aggressive pornographic images, just one after another…Everything I looked at, everything I touched turned to sex.” He concluded, “I felt like a monster a lot of the time. It made me understand men. It made me understand adolescent boys a lot.
Mart Crowley|BERNARD. (To DONALD.) Donald, read any new libraries lately?DONALD. One or three. I did the complete works of Doris Lessing this week. I've been depressed.[. . .]BERNARD. Some people eat, some people drink, and some take dope.DONALD. I read.MICHAEL. And read and read and read. It's a wonder your eyes don't turn back in your head at the sight of a book jacket.HANK. Well, at least he's a constructive escapist.
Kim Barnouin|There's no reason why children in inner cities or rural areas do not receive the same quality education or opportunities as those in suburbs or wealthy neighborhoods. If we truly believe in giving all citizens a chance to pursue happiness and pursue their goals, then we cannot continue to marginalize entire groups of people.
Jef Raskin|Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
Thomas E. Cronin|They say, find a purpose in life and live it. But, sometimes, it is only after you have lived that you recognize your life had a purpose, and likely one you never had in mind. And now that I had fulfilled mine, I felt aimless and adrift
Albert Reynolds|What I am is a thinking, feeling human being compelled by history.
Richelle E. Goodrich|Have you ever pondered the miracle of popcorn? It starts out as a tiny, little, compact kernel with magic trapped inside that when agitated, bursts to create something marvelously desirable. It’s sort of like those tiny, little thoughts trapped inside an author’s head that―in an excited explosion of words―suddenly become a captivating fairytale!
Nyrae Dawn, Four Summers|She almost wished she smoked, so she could lie on the car’s hood, flick a lighter, and make up names for the constellations while nicotine burned her lungs.
Justin Trudeau|One of my signature strengths is the love of learning, and by teaching, I have built it into the fabric of my life. I try to do some of it every day.
Goals Rider|I have so much health problems, but I believe I could still make it through.
