David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance|I made up my mind not to care so much about the destination, and simply enjoy the journey.
Margaret Mahy, The Changeover|The prospect Smiler was a manic farmer. Few men I think can have been as unfortunate as he; for on the one hand he was a melancholic with a loathing for mankind, on the other, some paralysis had twisted his mouth into a permanent and radiant smile. So everyone he met, being warmed by his smile, would shout him a happy greeting. And beaming upon them with his sunny face he would curse them all to hell.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|Story!" The dwarf snorted. "You'll be talking about "happily ever after" next. Do we look happy? There's no happily ever after for us. Miserabily ever after, more like.
Sunaura Taylor, Beasts of Burden: Animal and Disability Liberation|It's not that there are no challenges to becoming a vegetarian or vegan, but in the media, including authors of popular books on food and food politics, contribute to the 'enfreakment' of what is so often patronizingly referred to as the vegan or vegetarian 'lifestyle.' But again, the marginalization of those who care about animals is nothing new. Diane Beers writes in her book For the Prevention of Cruelty: The History and Legacy of Animal Rights Activism in the United States that 'several late nineteenth-century physicians concocted a diagnosable for of mental illness to explain such bizarre behavior. Sadly, they pronounced these misguided souls suffered from "zoophilpsychosis."' As Beers describes, zoophilpsychosis (an excessive concern for animals) was more likely to be diagnosed in women, who were understood to be 'particularly susceptible to the malady.' As the early animal advocacy movement in Britain and the United States was largely made up of women, such charges worked to uphold the subjugation both of women and of nonhuman animals.
Sōseki Natsume, I am a Cat III|It is painfully easy to define human beings. They are beings who, for no good reason at all, create their own unnecessary suffering.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Love is worth dying for, said the spermatozoid.
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|Her mouth was soft and moist, and she came to me like a dachshund jumping into your lap.
John Millington Synge|America gave the world the notion of the melting pot - an alchemical cooking device wherein diverse ethnic and religious groups voluntarily mix together, producing a new, American identity. And while critics may argue that the melting pot is a national myth, it has tenaciously informed the America's collective imagination.
Thomas Perry|We had great faith that with patience, understanding, and education, that my family and I could be helpful in changing their minds and attitudes around.
Benedict Jacka, Fated|For years I'd been trying to forget..., locking it up and burying it deep in my memory. The journey... had shattered that, bringing it all back - but now that I'd faced it, I found to my surprise that the fear had been worse than the reality.
Priya Ardis, My Merlin Awakening|Vane’s lips tightened to suppress a smile. “Why so hostile, love?”“You whacked me on the head with a ball!”“You deserved it.
Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now|You know, there are good reasons to learn how to read. Poetry isn't one of them. I mean, so what if two roads go two ways in a wood? So what? Who cares if it made all that big a difference? What difference? And why should I have to guess what the difference is? Isn't that what he's supposed to say?Why can't poets just say what they want to say and then shut up?
Lee Child, Persuader|And all our gods are not lies. They existed. All our gods, from the beginning of time, have been men with psychiatric conditions. And their delusions were so deep, they passed them on.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Dicing with death is one man’s cup of tea, but another man’s poison. I just didn’t fear anything.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|She thought he might have said her name, but it was background radiation accompanying the hum in her ears and the symphony in her head——a song of quantum mechanics and trajectory calculations and astroscience physics and where to go, where to go, where to…
Dean Koontz, Shadow Fires|But I was awake, sitting by the window looking down at the trailer and Mr. Zoltan's truck. I could not sleep. That is how it is with folks my age. We take naps during the day, and then we cannot sleep at night. I think that it is because God is getting us ready for the grave. Is that right? Did He ever tell you? ("The Little Stranger")
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Changing the external conditions of your lives - earn more money, be in a better physical shape, have another partner or travel more - will not change how you feel. It never works because the emptiness is not around, is within. The only way to come back to life is to acknowledge that little voice rising from your heart and begging you to return to love, to return to truth.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|She’d felt it before, she felt it now: the pull to fall in with him, to fall into him, to lose her sense of self.
Albert Camus|Of all creatures on earth, in proportion to their size and weight, humans have the smallest footprint on the ground and the largest on the environment.
Mouloud Benzadi|Trust is like a valuable antique, once gone, it can never be replaced.
Saaif Alam|If each and one of us understands the essence of human values, we will be able to sustain our civilization by living in tranquility and embrace the opportunities that each of us can contribute to our society.
Marcus Samuelsson|Whether you're on a diet, or you're looking for a go-to one bowl dinner recipe, salads should be thought of as crowd-pleasers, not a dreaded component of a meal.
Sara  Stark, An Untold Want|The fraud part of me was always there, just as a puzzle piece, objectively speaking, is a true piece of the puzzle even before you see how it fits.
MD. Muhtashimur Rahman|True inner peace can startle you! Be happy, smile, have fun. But only look for inner peace when you actually need it. After all, it is the fusion of every atoms of reality itself.
Andrea Dworkin, Intercourse|Being female in this world means having been robbed of the potential for human choice by men who love to hate us. One does does not make choices in freedom. Instead, one conforms in body type and behavior and values to become an object of male sexual desire, which requires an abandonment of a wide-ranging capacity for choice...Men too make choices. When will they choose not to despise us?
Benito Juárez|Entre los individuos, como entre las naciones, el respeto al derecho ajeno es la paz -- Among individuals, as among nations, respect for the rights of others is peace.
Timothy Joshua|To get change, you must first pay for it.
Gwen Calvo|Her smile increased. She had perfect white regular teeth; Irish, Juliana decided. Only Irish blood could give that jawline such femininity.
Elia Barceló, El secreto del orfebre|La luz del pasillo iluminaba débilmente mi rostro que se reflejaba de modo fantasmal en el cristal de la ventanilla y me hacía recordar el que tuve en la infancia, el que naufragó para siempre en la despedida, como si aquel niño se hallara agazapado en algún lugar de mi interior esperando un descuido mío para emerger de nuevo en las aguas fangosas del pasado con su sonrisa feliz y sus ojos brillantes.
Carlton Cuse|Let's say I find a lot of current American fiction too overwritten for my tastes, too self-conscious; I like something that's simpler and more direct. The story is what matters to me. I hope to make it seem real to readers, as if it happened just like this - so I don't want fancy descriptions getting in the way.
John Crowley, Little, Big|If I knew I was going to live so long, I'd have taken better care of myself.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger and Other Stories|Behold! Allah said: "O Jesus! I will take thee and raise thee to Myself and clear thee (of the falsehoods) of those who blaspheme; I will make those who follow thee superior to those who reject faith, to the Day of Resurrection: Then shall ye all return unto me, and I will judge between you of the matters wherein ye dispute.
Maya Angelou|We need to develop courage, and we need to develop it in small ways first..... You develop a little courage, so that if you decide, "I will not stay in rooms where women are belittled; I will not stay in company where races, no matter who they are, are belittled; I will not take it; I will not sit around and accept dehumanising other human beings: - if you decide to do that in small ways, and you continue to do it - finally you realize you've got so much courage. Imagine it - you've got so much courage that people want to be around you. They get a feeling that they will be protected in your company.
Henry Steele Commager|One of the main lessons I have learned the last five years as Secretary-General is that the United Nations cannot function properly without the support of the business community and civil society. We need to have tripartite support - the governments, the business communities and the civil society.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|We are wise when we live according to what we have come to understand. Wisdom is not altogether about the amount of understanding that we possess. Wisdom is about living according to the understanding that we have already discovered. Wisdom is doing that which we understand. Wisdom comes only in doing. It is an easy thing to gain knowledge and experience, yet harder to understand and become wise.
Wilfred James Dolor|Don’t be afraid of change. Change happens for a reason. Roll with it. It won’t be easy, but it will be worth it.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|All death matters.""Only to the living.
Tucker Elliot|The task of teaching has never been more complex and the expectations that burden teachers are carried out in antiquated systems that offer little support—and yet, teachers are finding success every day.
Kim Richardson, Marked|We all have demons, Crash," she said quietly. "But you don't have to let them define you.
Edgar Allan Poe|Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
Leigh Byrne|I’m not staying Archer, I can’t trust you not to hurt me again if it serves whatever purposes you decide to come up with that day. I want nothing more to do with you…with any of you. I’m done with vampires. You all have done nothing but bring me pain since I met you.
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|When his wounds cut too deep for the blues--when he couldn't sing himself out of his own sorrow--when he was too wounded to shimmy his fingers over piano keys--he came to the healing waters of the Alapaha River. And on the river he recounted his sins, confessing to the ancient rhythmic flow of the current. Communion.
Nikola Tesla|Of all things, I liked books best.
Paul Walker|I was six months old at the time that I was taken, with my mother and father, from Sacramento, California, and placed in internment camps in the United States.
Rex Stout, The Rubber Band|Wolfe still paid no attention to me. As a matter of fact, I didn't expect him to, since he was busy taking exercise. He had recently got the impression he weighed too much- which was about the same as if the Atlantic Ocean had decided it was too wet...
Keith Ferrazzi, Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time|There are three things in this world that engender deep emotional bonds between people. They are health, wealth and children.
Salma Hayek|My mother gave me a sense of independence, a sense of total confidence that we could do whatever it was we set out to do. That's how we were raised.
Jiten Bhatt|Don't get discouraged by present hardships, They are the reason to your success in future."Easy Victory is less valued than a hard one".
Christa Wolf, City of Angels or Overcoat of Dr. Freud|Will you promise to keep this to yourself, to not tell anyone of what we are?” By his words you’d think he was giving me a choice. Like I could say,no deal, honey bunch, I’m off to shout your secret from the rooftops, and he’d be like, oh no please don’t do that. Inreality, he’d have to kill me.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|Now may every living thing, young or old,weak or strong, living near or far, known orunknown, living or departed or yet unborn,may every living thing be full of bliss.
C.S. Lewis|Since I am I, I must make an act of self-surrender, however small or however easy, in living to God rather than to my self.
Joe Garcia|By their innocence and goodness, by their boundless capacity for forgiveness, and by the sheer power of their faith and hope, children redeem their parents, bringing out their best selves.
Thomas Moore|And as a character, what I found very inspiring about playing Dharma, especially at that time, is that the women on television were more neurotic than they were free. And I thought, this is a rare bird and this is unique on television and I think it's really refreshing.
Jesse Ball, The Curfew|Those who wish even to focus on the problem of a Christian ethic are faced with an outrageous demand-from the outset they must give up, as inappropriate to this topic, the very two questions that led them to deal with the ethical problem: 'How can I be good?' and 'How can I do something good?' Instead they must ask the wholly other, completely different question: 'What is the will of God?
Naoyuki Ochiai, Syndrome 1866 9|When desire meets desire, the stronger one survives. Fulfill your desires! The predator will eat the prey. Our world is a cruel and dirty place...but that's what makes it so beautiful! Hell is the true paradise!
Justin Timberlake|My relationship with aging is cozy. I'm not trying to play 29 and holding on with white knuckles, you know?
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|And here I was thinking you were a bit slow, what with so much asking and not knowing anything.
Walter Benjamin, Berlin Childhood around 1900|Memory is not an instrument for surveying the past but its theater. It is the medium of past experience, just as the earth is the medium in which dead cities lie buried. He who seeks to approach his own buried past must conduct himself like a man digging.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with my Master|God should always be our first thought, not our last resort.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|To stay true to ourselves and remain kind to others is an art. It does require daily vigilance and, at the same time, it’s important to remember that art can often get messy.
Robert Brault|I value the friend who for me finds time on his calendar, but I cherish the friend who for me does not consult his calendar
Taylor Patton|Persephone had it right.If you must go, might as welltake all of spring with you—
Hadas Moosazadeh, Tora-Bora Mountains|The obstacle in chain of nature does not occurs due of global warming, but by the destructive power of human's mind.﻿
Linda Carvelli, Perfectly Negative|Everything happens for a reason, we just don't get the reason with the thing
Andrea Bocelli|Nobody could like Donald Trump, surely, except his mother. No one really likes The Donald. But how can you not have respect for a guy who's been down on the floor and just keeps coming back? Nothing will keep Donald Trump down until they drive a wooden stake in his heart and a silver bullet in his brain.
Hilary Mantel|Once he has outgrown his youth, a man will rarely remain a prisoner to his insolence. He had thought it was the only way to behave; then he suddenly discovers that, even for a prince, there are such things as music, literature, not to speak of standing for the post of deputy.
Elan Golomb, Trapped in the Mirror: Adult Children of Narcissists in Their Struggle for Self|When you make a man ashamed, you make him dangerous.
Wisdom Primus, Being Successful While Lying on the Couch! Really?: How to Beat Procrastination, Develop Confidence and Take Massive Actions to Achieve What You Want in Life.|If your dreams are so simple and easy to attain, why don’t you walk straight to them and take them?
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|A surprise visit? That's so romantic...but fairly risky." "If you don't take any risks, life will bass you by," Cunco shipped in.
Teju Cole, Open City|So I went to New York City to be born again. It was and remains easy for most Americans to go somewhere else and start anew. I wasn't like my parents. I didn't have any supposedly sacred piece of land or shoals of friends to leave behind. Nowhere has the number zero been of more philisophical value than in the United States.... and when the [train] plunged into a tunnel under New York City, with it's lining of pipes and wires, I was out of the womb and into the birth canal.
Kamand Kojouri|If you write then you are reborn because by writing about the moment, you can relive it for a second time.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls:Life Lessons from Solo Moments in New York|If “Been there, done that” isn’t your mantra,then make haste down your “bucket list.
Abhijit Naskar|One who does not believe in the self is an atheist. If you believe in yourself, then you are the most religious person on earth.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko, Stolen Apples|How can the confessor teach/ those who are lost and sick at heart,/ when he himself, among the sinners,/ is worst, and most forsaken?/ It is only a game we play/ with other people's sins./ Besides, everyone knows/ that everyone lies confessing.
Gretchen Rubin|Since scarcity is the basic economic problem, if it does not exist then there is no reason for my economics course. Devoting time to the study of how people use limited resources to fulfill unlimited wants and needs should help us to discover how to best utilize the resources we have at our disposal.
Winston S. Churchill|If you cannot read all your books...fondle them---peer into them, let them fall open where they will, read from the first sentence that arrests the eye, set them back on the shelves with your own hands, arrange them on your own plan so that you at least know where they are. Let them be your friends; let them, at any rate, be your acquaintances.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Teaching remains a heroic act to me, and teachers live a necessary and all-important life. We are killing their spirit with unnecessary pressure and expectation that seem forced and destructive to me. Long ago I was one of them. I still regret I was forced to leave them. My entire body of work is because of men and women like them.
Sue Wicks|I have always detested any departure from reality, an attitude which I relate to my mother's poor mental health.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Les Diaboliques|But people like the doll guy who sells women and the dog guy who buys women, and other guys who, say, rape women, or maybe don’t go as far as violent rape but treat women like objects instead of people—sure, there’s a difference in the level of crime, but it’s all the same thing, where women become a canvas for throwing emotional baggage, Jackson Pollock style.
William Alexander Percy, Lanterns on the Levee:  Recollections of a Planter's Son|Sometimes there is no comfort, only the knowledge that the worst has happened
Walter Annenberg|Head Start graduates are more likely to graduate from high school and less likely to need special education, repeat a grade, or commit crimes in adolescence.
G.M. Malliet, A Demon Summer|Oh please tell me we're not doing the Poirot thing again — the suspects in the library with the candlestick or whatever'.Max looked at him [DCI Cotton]. 'Fruitcake in this case. And what would you prefer? A car chase? It’s the most efficient way to flush out a killer, as Dame Agatha Christie well knew.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Shared joys make a friend, not shared sufferings.
Peter Shaffer|The United States has made a massive effort since the end of the Second World War to secure the dominance of its films in foreign markets - an achievement generally pushed home politically, by writing clauses into various treaties and aid packages.
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|To me, the haircut represented beauty and strength, that I was a woman who would live her life without the boundaries imposed upon her by other people.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|And this was perhaps the first time in my life that death occurred to me as a reality. I thought of the people before me who had looked down at the river and gone to sleep beneath it. I wondered about them. I wondered how they had done it—it, the physical act. I had thought of suicide when I was much younger, as, possibly, we all have, but then it would have been for revenge, it would have been my way of informing the world how awfully it had made me suffer. But the silence of the evening, as I wandered home, had nothing to do with that storm, that far off boy. I simply wondered about the dead because their days had ended and I did not know how I would get through mine.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|A thrilling story can be dull if told badly, but even the most mundane event can be elevated into a tale of epic scale by a good storyteller.
H.P. Lovecraft, Notes On Writing Weird Fiction|While my chosen form of story-writing is obviously a special and perhaps a narrow one, it is none the less a persistent and permanent type of expression, as old as literature itself. There will always be a certain small percentage of persons who feel a burning curiosity about unknown outer space, and a burning desire to escape from the prison-house of the known and the real into those enchanted lands of incredible adventure and infinite possibilities which dreams open up to us, and which things like deep woods, fantastic urban towers, and flaming sunsets momentarily suggest.
C.S. Lewis, Perelandra|I don’t want to be human. I want to see gamma rays, I want to hear X-rays, and I want to smell dark matter. Do you see the absurdity of what I am? I can’t even express these things properly, because I have to—I have to conceptualize complex ideas in this stupid, limiting spoken language, but I know I want to reach out with something other than these prehensile paws, and feel the solar wind of a supernova flowing over me. I’m a machine, and I can know much more.—John Cavil, Cylon Model Number One, “No Exit
Sarah MacLean|She had wanted more than she could have.She had wanted him, and more... she had wanted him to want her.In the name of something bigger than tradition, bolder than reputation, more important than a silly title.
Luffina Lourduraj|Look into my eyes,they will tell you how much I love you.
Gretchen Rubin|When I do see a picture of myself that has been touched up too much, I do get a bit sad... it makes me look like a hypocrite. It breaks my heart. I would rather shoot a magazine and shoot my flaws, but that's not up to me.
Debasish Mridha|A teacher can kindle your mind and let you memorize information, but true education is often self-education.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|We change the future with every choice we make,
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Bones just stared. "You're not a woman," he said finally. "You're the Grim Reaper with red hair!
Steph Campbell, Grounding Quinn|Then he smiles because he knows deep in his bones that his dad has gone and said something really funny probably. He kicks off his sheet and slides his feet into his slippers. Bunny sits in the living room, slumped low on the sofa, full of Geoffrey's Scotch and Poodle's cocaine.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|All we could get out of them was that they were taking us to 'Kurokuma'. We didn't know if that was a place or a person. What does it mean, by the way?''I'm told it's a term of great respect,' Horace said, unwilling to admit that he didn't know.
Patti Hansen|I have learned, in my life and work as a sportswriter, that big-time Sports and big-time Politics are not so far apart in America. They are both a means to the same end, which is victory... And why not? Victory is good for you, and don't let anybody tell you different.
A.C. Gaughen, Scarlet|And let me tell you my dearest friend,if you think that running away from it is the best solution, then you're wrong.You will never discovered your happiness. Trust me. I know because I've been in the exact situation as you are in now. And yes!There will be heartache and disappointment but you'll never regret the choice you've taken because everything turns out to be beautiful and this, my friend,is how I discovered you as the happiness of my life.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Muse, We are servants of the Mystery. We were put here on earth to act as agents of the Infinite, to bring into existence that which is not yet, but which will be, through us. Every breath we take, every heartbeat, every evolution of every cell comes from God and is sustained by God every second, just as every creation, invention, every bar of music or line of verse, every thought, vision, fantasy, every dumb-ass flop and stroke of genius comes from that infinite intelligence that created us and the universe in all its dimensions, out of the Void, the field of infinite potential, primal chaos, the Muse. To acknowledge that reality, to efface all ego, to let the work come through us and give it back freely to its source, that, in my opinion, is as true to reality as it gets.
Anthony Liccione|You can either follow your dreams with determination and persistence until they become true, or you can be blown by the winds of fate - were anything can happen.
Robbie Robertson|The comic novels I did when I was in my 20s had a harder edge - less sympathy for people. Or a sympathy that was harder to detect: Characters' foibles and obsessive bents were unrelenting, like caricatures.
Steven Wright|It's funny how the ruthless, murderous gangster has really been romanticized by the media. I mean, I grew up watching the 'Godfathers' and 'Scarface,' and they were the coolest. They're just really interesting stories with great characters. They're rock stars.
Andrew Krivak, The Sojourn|To get, simply release, and then gently invite.
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams of Trespass: Tales of a Harem Girlhood|Talent is the multiplier. The more energy and attention you invest in it, the greater the yield. The time you spend with your best is, quite simply, your most productive time.
Howard Tayler, The Scrapyard of Insufferable Arrogance|You're more mean-spirited than I remember you being.""It's this organic body. Hologram fur wasn't itchy.
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|Walking in the mountain with bare foot, Teasing the flowers with heavy soot, Touching the grasses, climbing the horses, swinging the girlsIt is joyful, jolly like the flying. Swimming in the rivers, tearing the clothes and burning the shoes Angel of the nature; counting the grasses, touching the flower, teasing the birds
Ben Katchor, The Jew of New York|I'm so much more scared of white guys than black guys. Like an angry black guys would pull out a gun and be like 'Yo, I'm coming back with my cousins and we're gonna funck you up' and a white guy would be like just 'BANG'!
Amalia Carosella, Helen of Sparta|He watched the young actress playing the central part of a wife who mistakenly believes her husband has wronged her. She was overly trained in the teapot school of acting, striking expressive poses and attitudes as the mood of the story demanded.
Mike Colter|I have no ambitions at all! I have none... seriously. I want to be a good father. I want to be a good husband. I want to be a good son, a good brother, a good family member. I don't have any ambition to direct a film or write a play. I like acting.
Christina Dodd, Because I'm Watching|By the time it was over, we knew the dead were the lucky ones.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|Stationery gets me excited because it has an individual character, unlike computers, which may be convenient but are generic and bland.
Nathan Englander, For the Relief of Unbearable Urges|Two-thirty in the morning was kind of a bitch as times went. It fell into the in-between, nowhere land. Too late to get a really good night's sleep, but much too early to start the day.
Tom Robbins, Tibetan Peach Pie: A True Account of an Imaginative Life|Evidently, I'd suffered an epiphany: the subconscious realization that when it comes to coolness, nothing the human race has ever invented is more cool than a book.
Pope Benedict XVI|Above all, we must have great respect for these people who also suffer and who want to find their own way of correct living. On the other hand, to create a legal form of a kind of homosexual marriage, in reality, does not help these people.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|I love you for who you are, not who the world thinks you should be.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|Humans don't leap buildings. Stuntmen with harnesses do. And won't my crashing eight stories to the ground be detrimental to the mission? The dark elves will swarm me and take me hostage instantly."	"That might be true, but you're not going to fall," he said.
P.C. Cast, Hidden|You cannot conceive of the depths of my sorrow, Campbell Maria Cooper." Alicia brought her fist to her mouth and her other hand to the rail of the bed and took a deep breath before she continued. "I will never be the same when you are gone. Things for me will be dim and gray and flat. But there is one thing that will keep me going, Campbell, and that is the belief in my connection to you. This thing. This crazy enmeshed love feeling that I have is real. Like this cup is real. Or this phone is real. And it will not just go away when you do. Okay? Wherever you are going, you will be connected to me by this thing, and you will never, ever be alone, okay? I want you to know that.
Judith Claire Mitchell|Why doesn't anyone tell you we all wind up married to Henry the VIII?......My dear Anne Boleyn,...the only way a woman can avoid waking up next to Henry is to model herself after his daughter Elizabeth and sleep next to no one at all.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|Oh. Well was this your first time painting a live model?”She nodded her head, with an almost guilty look on her face.“What’s it like?”“Hard,” she replied.
Mary Norris, Between You  Me: Confessions of a Comma Queen|You can't learn to write in college. It's a very bad place for writers because the teachers always think they know more than you do—and they don't. They have prejudices. They may like Henry James, but what if you don't want to write like Henry James? They may like John Irving, for instance, who's the bore of all time. A lot of the people whose work they've taught in the schools for the last thirty years, I can't understand why people read them and why they are taught. The library, on the other hand, has no biases. The information is all there for you to interpret. You don't have someone telling you what to think. You discover it for yourself.
Albert Brooks|It's not like since I make comics I only read comics and since I make movies I will only go out and watch movies. Any kind of artistic expression interests me; it goes from literature to music to sculpture, painting; whatever is extremely inspiring for me becomes a reference also for me.
Kevin Smokler, Brat Pack America: Visiting Cult Movies of the '80s|When we return to our elementary school playground or the site of our first kiss, we're dropping in on our own history years later. Visiting those same places in the present not only collapses time, but also memory.
Dada Bhagwan|One does not see ‘what is there’ and sees ‘what is not there’, that is called moha (illusory vision).
Betsy L. Stone|We the caregivers, have the power to do things proactively to benefit our present and future generations.
Debasish Mridha|Don’t fear to sing alone. If your song is right and melodies are touching, listeners will appear.
Hayao Miyazaki|Many of my movies have strong female leads- brave, self-sufficient girls that don't think twice about fighting for what they believe with all their heart. They'll need a friend, or a supporter, but never a savior. Any woman is just as capable of being a hero as any man.
kimber nilsson|I got the recurring itch to hunt for a dirty scene.  I found myself in a swank hotel bar, a Westin or someplace like that, and flirted shamelessly with a well-dressed man who invited me up to his room.  I could say he slipped a Mickey into my drink, but, I’d be fooling myself.  When the endorphins kicked in, the man had his belt around my neck and choked me, while riding me from behind and calling me names. Afterward, he asked if I was okay and reminded me I agreed to this type of breath play.  Maybe I did. 
Winston S. Churchill|Logic, like science, must be the servant and not the master of man.
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|I don’t give sick days if you’re playing in the snow.” He’s being funny, or trying to be funny. I can never tell which.
Thomas Lovell Beddoes|If there were dreams to sell, what would you buy?
Alyssa Hervis|We all want to be loved. And sometimes it doesn't even matter who loves us, as long as it makes us feel less alone
Chuck Yeager|An exciting and inspiring future awaits you beyond the noise in your mind, beyond the guilt, doubt, fear, shame, insecurity and heaviness of the past you carry around.
Lisa Gardner|I really, really, really want to do a silly romantic comedy where I can just have a crush on the guy, trip over myself, and laugh and be goofy. I just feel like all I do is cry, sob, and fight zombies and the bad guys.
Samuel Butler|In matters of truth the fact that you don't want to publish something is, nine times out of ten, a proof that you ought to publish it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The future is always unknown.Live your own life.Live in the moment.Live so well in the present, so that when tomorrow never comes, you may have no regrets.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We had the experience but missed the meaning,an approach to the meaning restores the experience
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|I realized that just because “I can’t,” doesn’t mean “I shouldn’t.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|No, Sully'd decided long ago to abstain from all but the most general forms of regret. He allowed himself the vague wish that things had turned out differently, without blaming himself that they hadn't, any more than he'd blamed himself when his 1-2-3 triple never ran like it should at least once. It didn't pay to second-guess every one of life's decisions, to pretend to wisdom about the past from the safety of the present, the way so many people did when they got older. As if, given a second chance to live their lives, they'd be smarter. Sully didn't know too many people who got noticeably smarter over the course of a lifetime. Some made fewer mistakes, but in Sully's opinion that was because they couldn't go quite so fast. They had less energy, no more virtue; fewer opportunities to screw up, not more wisdom. It was Sully's policy to stick by his mistakes....
Sunday Adelaja|The trees are born, they develop their leaves and fruits, they grow and die. I can't ever understand why a tree is a "what" and not a "who".
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|And in the past, Archie wondered, was it just that fewer people cheated? Were they more honest, and did they leave their front doors open, did they leave their kids with the neighbors, pay social calls, run up tabs with the butcher? The funny thing about getting old in a country is people always want to hear that from you. They want to hear it really was once a green and pleasant land. They need it.
Terry Pratchett|All That Is Needed For Evil To Succeeded, Is For Good People To Do Nothing
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|It’s crucial to practice self-empathy, for trust can’t be willed into existence. That didn’t work when our caregivers tried to impose their will on us, and it won’t work internally, either. Only when we can tap into a place of self-trust, with a reliable process of reparation for inevitable mistakes, can we build trust with another person.
Graham Greene, The Power and the Glory|For years I had convinced myself that, as a doctor, I sacrificed moments with friends, family, and my husband for the greater good. The call to heal the sick and tend the injured superseded all else. The Lord heaped blessings upon me, and I hurled them back in the name of “service” to him.I’m a woman surgeon, I would snap. You made me this way. I have a legacy to carry on...The prospect of abandoning a secure position with excellent prospects for advancement terrified me. I spent many nights agonizing that, despite the Lord’s call, my decision to leave medicine was reckless or irresponsible. Such fears are normal and expected, but reflect our own limited understanding, rather than an enduring faith in the Lord. God is sovereign over our lives, and whatever doubts we have, we may trust that he knows the path and is in command over all.Christ has already overcome, and so we have nothing to fear. From Proverbs: “The heart of man plans his way, but the Lord establishes his steps” (Proverbs 16:9), and “trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths” (Proverbs 3:5–6)...From 1 Thessalonians 1:3: We remember “before our God and Father your work of faith and labor of love and steadfastness of hope in our Lord Jesus Christ.” Christ died and rose victorious over death and sin to free us, so that we may have the hope and fulfillment that comes from living in him.
Adrienne Rich, Leaflets|[I] like to be anchored by routine, not shackled by it.
Laura Lippman, Pony Girl|In my parents' day and age, it used to be the person who fell short. Now it's the discipline. Reading the classics is too difficult, therefore it's the classics that are to blame. Today the student asserts his incapacity as a privilege. I can't learn it, so there is something wrong with it. And there is something especially wrong with the bad teacher who wants to teach it. There are no more criteria, Mr. Zuckerman, only opinions.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|When your heart is gripped by the love of God poured out in the cross, and when you see the extent of that love in the propitiation by which Christ became the sacrifice for your sin, bearing wrath and entering hell for you, and when you are convinced that this Christ offers Himself in redeeming love to others who do not yet know Him, a passion will be lit in your heart to pursue a God-centered life.
Jennifer Kaufman|For me, reading is so much more. Books teach you how other people think, and what they're feeling, and how they change from ordinary beings to extraordinary ones. Often they are so appealing and intelligent, you'd rather spend time reading about them than doing anything else.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|While filling color to someone's life to whom you really love & care, make sure to fill little color of joy & happiness which should not hurt the beauty of their life. Don't prove that you are an artist just express your art, that's the love and life is...
RJ Blizzard|What your father never understood, is that what he loved most about her was her unbridled love and freedom to live her own life. He loved her colors and viewed her like paint.
Vivienne Westwood|The no-secrets era of social media makes one consider the built-in risk factor of nominating high-testosterone men to positions of power at all. Everyone is under too much scrutiny now to take a chance on candidates who suddenly blow up into a comic meme, a punchline, a ribald hashtag.
Lauren Willig, The Seduction of the Crimson Rose|For a long moment, he held her gaze without speaking, simply letting the impact of words sink in, before adding rapidly, as though he wished to get it over with as quickly as possible, "I won't deny that you're beautiful. No mirror could tell you otherwise. But there are beautiful women for the buying in any brothel in London. Oh yes, and the ballrooms, too, if one has the proper price. It wasn't your appearance that caught me. It was the way you put me down in the gallery at Sibley Court." Vaughn's lips curved in a reminiscent smile. "And the way you tried to bargain with me after." bargained," Mary corrected."That," replied Lord Vaughn, "is exactly what I mean. Has anyone ever told you that you haggle divinely? That the simple beauty of your self-interest is enough to bring a man to his knees?"Mary couldn't in honesty say that anyone had.Vaughn's eyes were as hard and bright as silver coins. "Those are the reasons I want you. I want you for your cunning mind and your hard heart, for your indomitable spirit and your scheming soul, for they're more honest by far than any of the so-called virtues.""The truest poetry is the most feigning?" Mary quoted back his own words to him."And the most feigning is the most true.
Bibhu Datta Rout, Wheels Of Wish|You don’t like to talk to people, do you? I mean, slamming the door in my face was a clue that was hard to miss. I’m perceptive like that.
Anonymous|The rich can be "eccentric " the poor have to be considered "nuts."
ETC Wanyanwu|I walk, talk and act like a king even though I know there's no royalty in my bloodline
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|Unless a nation's life faces peril, war is murder.
Paul Mellon|Each solstice is a domain of experience unto itself. At the Summer Solstice, all is green and growing, potential coming into being, the miracle of manifestation painted large on the canvas of awareness. At the Winter Solstice, the wind is cold, trees are bare and all lies in stillness beneath blankets of snow.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|My thoughts produce emotions which produces action; thus, the action is the outcome of the thought. Show me a man's actions and I can tell you of his thoughts. What are your thoughts?
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|After curiosity, this quality of concentrated attention is what creative individuals mention most often as having set them apart in college from their peers. Without this quality, they could not have sustained the hard work, the ‘perspiration.’ Curiosity and drive are in many ways the yin and the yang that need to be combined in order to achieve something new.
Victor Hugo|Gabriel.This has to be his fault, somehow. I'm going to track him down, pluck out his angel feathers, and stuff a pillow with them.
Tiffany Madison|Of all the religions in the world, perhaps the religion of liberty is the only faith capable of purity.
Patrick T. McCormick, A Banqueter's Guide To The All-Night Soup Kitchen Of The Kingdom Of God|The government of Pakistan is yet to understand that the insurgency is not the disease but the symptoms of the disease. If the government really needs to cure the crisis in the area, then it must engage in genuine treatment procedure rather than engage in ad hoc solutions that go under the motto: picked up, killed, and dumped. Kidnapping the target and dumping his or her bullet riddled and tortured corpse in a public place to scare the people in the area is a military strategy which aims to provide a lesson to those who still retain seeds of resistance. If this is the only solution that the government is capable of then it will have to commit genocide against the people of Balochistan so that it can continue to steal their natural resources and have total control of the province.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Annabeth frowned. "That doesn't make sense. But why were you visiting --" Her eyes widened. "Hermes said you bear the curse of Achilles. Hestia said the same thing. Did you . . . did you bathe in the River Styx?""Don't change the subject.""Percy! Did you or not?""Um . . .maybe a little.
William O. Douglas, The Douglas Letters: Selections from the Private Papers of Justice William O. Douglas|As nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression. In both instances, there is a twilight when everything remains seemingly unchanged. And it is in such twilight that we all must be most aware of change in the air – however slight – lest we become unwitting victims of the darkness.
Charles Mingus|Creativity is more than just being different. Anybody can play weird-- that's easy. What's hard is to be as simple as Bach. Making the simple complicated is commonplace--making the complicated simple, awesomely simple--that's creativity.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|I used up most of my passions and energies during the years I've mentioned, and though I don't talk much about it, the chief thing I've asked from the world since then is to leave me alone.
Robert Koger, Death's Revenge|The brave men and women, who serve their country and as a result, live constantly with the war inside them, exist in a world of chaos. But the turmoil they experience isn’t who they are; the PTSD invades their minds and bodies.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|If your consciousness is without form, without quality, and without characteristics of any kind, would that not imply that the consciousness in every other being is also formless? And if they are all without form, how can you distinguish their consciousness from your own? What forms would you use to compare them? Isn’t the observing you exactly the same as the observing them?
Witness Lee, An Autobiography Of A Person In Spirit|We are the chosen, called and blessed people
Charles Dickens|Being a lawyer is not merely a vocation. It is a public trust, and each of us has an obligation to give back to our communities.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Then, only then would she realize that the life that she created will extinguish with nothing to offer but the sorrow that she harvested in our souls and the holes that she dug in our hearts.
Leslie Meier, Father's Day Murder|What do you want?’'I want to play,’ he said.I stared at him. 'Just like that. You don’t know what I’m involved in, but you want a piece of it.’'Following you around lets me kill a lot of people.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|If they're not willing to explore beyond the realm of their safety, certainty, and comfort, they will never know if their fantasies are true.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Beast|We can make each other happy, Farah,” Cooper said, lying between my legs and swinging his feet like a kid. His expression was tender as he teased my nipples. “I know you’re mine. If you let me start over, we can be so fucking happy that all the shit that came before will be no more than a bad dream.” “I’m afraid to love you too much.” “It’s normal to be scared when you grew up in a shitty way. I bet you spent most of your life worrying that anything nice might get stolen away. With me, with what we have, it’s probably scary. For me though, losing you is the only thing that scares the shit out of me. I need to make you happy so you’ll stay and I can be happy.
Ian Frazier|People in Russia adapt to misery by a deep, deep humor.
Teresa Collins, Live LIFE in All Caps: The Teresa Collins Story|It is not because things are difficult that we dare not undertake them. Be then bold in spirit. Indulge no doubts, for doubts are traitors.
Emma Cameron|Life didn’t go how I had planned, but I couldn’t have planned a better life. Somewhere in between the beginning and eternity, I fought the war that we all must fight–the journey that in 	taking, forces us to come face to face with our own realities.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|They questioned us but they were polite because we had passports and money. I do not think they believed a word of the story and I thought it was silly but it was like a law-court. You did not want something reasonable, you wanted something technical and then stuck to it without explanations.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In a materialistic society, the dead body of a rich man’s dog is regarded as a corpse; that of a poor man, a carcass.
Mahatma Gandhi, The Story of My Experiments With Truth|Sometimes milestones are not measured by the accomplishments of society, but by those of integrity.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Although the testimony of my mother’s life helped mold me and taught me how to live, the testimony of her last years and her death gave me insight into how to die.
Andrew Dalby, Language in Danger: The Loss of Linguistic Diversity and the Threat to Our Future|The fact that in the twentieth century a greater proportion of the people in the world could communicate with one another, using English or just a few other languages, appears not to have stopped any wars, nor to have reduced the frequency with which wars have broken out, nor to have made the wars that have broken out less brutal. In fact, several murderous wars have been fought recently among people who speak 'the same language' in real terms.
Billy Collins|I've dated girls that aren't, this is gonna sound so horrible, that aren't super smart, but they still are super confident, and that's more what I've been attracted to is the confidence and the sense of humor.
Tom Bingham, The Rule of Law|Is his work vengeance? Or Justice? There is the finest line between the two and when i try to focus on it, it becomes less and less clear.
Criss Jami, Healology|An anomaly has his own ambitions. You can try reasoning with him, but that's like using money to bribe a beast.
Elisa Braden, Desperately Seeking a Scoundrel|If you are the one perfect person in an imperfect world, you are flawed.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|Am I still the same Alice? Or have I become a better or worse one?”“Yes,” was the caterpillar’s reply.“Yes, to what?”“It doesn’t matter.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|In our circle, stress was a valuable status marker: I stress, therefore I am.
Nick Lake, In Darkness|In every aspect and among almost every demographic, how American society digested and processed the long, dark chapter between the end of the Civil War and the beginning of the civil rights movement has been delusion.
Herman Wouk, Don't Stop the Carnival|Look at us. We build giant highways and murderously fast cars for killing each other and committing suicide. Instead of bomb shelters we construct gigantic frail glass buildings all over Manhattan at Ground Zero, a thousand feet high, open to the sky, life a woman undressing before an intruder and provoking him to rape her. We ring Russia's borders with missile-launching pads, and then scream that she's threatening us. In all history there's never been a more lurid mass example of the sadist-masochist expression of the thanatos instinct than the present conduct of the United States. The Nazis by comparison were Eagle Scouts.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|He was clearly used to sucking in the universe, examining it, then bending it to his will.
Edgar Ramirez|We want Israel as a democratic and Jewish state. So you have to maintain a Jewish majority, and you want to do that by legal means, by democratic means.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Self-interest lies behind all that men do, forming the important motive for all their actions; this rule has never deceived me
Anna Taylor|It is often while travelling through the dark that you find the ones who shine brightest in your life. For they are the ones who remind you of your own beautiful light and show up, without a second thought, in your pain, as well as your glory.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your life and work are made up of outcomes and actions. When your operational behavior is grooved to organize everything that comes your way, at all levels, based upon those dynamics, a deep alignment occurs, and wondrous things emerge. You become highly productive. You make things up, and you make them happen.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|MagicSandra’s seen a leprechaun,Eddie touched a troll,Laurie danced with witches once,Charlie found some goblins gold.Donald heard a mermaid sing,Susy spied an elf,But all the magic I have knownI've had to make myself.
Kim Cattrall|'The Fault in Our Stars' is a beautiful film that's really positive. The second half gets sad, but it's always positive.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|At present, the successful office-seeker is a good deal like the center of the earth; he weighs nothing himself, but draws everything else to him. There are so many societies, so many churches, so many isms, that it is almost impossible for an independent man to succeed in a political career. Candidates are forced to pretend that they are catholics with protestant proclivities, or christians with liberal tendencies, or temperance men who now and then take a glass of wine, or, that although not members of any church their wives are, and that they subscribe liberally to all. The result of all this is that we reward hypocrisy and elect men entirely destitute of real principle; and this will never change until the people become grand enough to allow each other to do their own thinking.Our government should be entirely and purely secular. The religious views of a candidate should be kept entirely out of sight. He should not be compelled to give his opinion as to the inspiration of the bible, the propriety of infant baptism, or the immaculate conception. All these things are private and personal. The people ought to be wise enough to select as their officers men who know something of political affairs, who comprehend the present greatness, and clearly perceive the future grandeur of our country. If we were in a storm at sea, with deck wave-washed and masts strained and bent with storm, and it was necessary to reef the top sail, we certainly would not ask the brave sailor who volunteered to go aloft, what his opinion was on the five points of Calvinism. Our government has nothing to do with religion. It is neither christian nor pagan; it is secular. But as long as the people persist in voting for or against men on account of their religious views, just so long will hypocrisy hold place and power. Just so long will the candidates crawl in the dust—hide their opinions, flatter those with whom they differ, pretend to agree with those whom they despise; and just so long will honest men be trampled under foot.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Jesus, Mary …”She said it out loud, the words distributed into a room that was full of cold air and books. Books everywhere! Each wall was armed with overcrowded yet immaculate shelving. It was barely possible to see the paintwork. There were all different styles and sizes of lettering on the spines of the black, the red, the gray, the every-colored books. It was one of the most beautiful things Liesel Meminger had ever seen.With wonder, she smiled.That such a room existed!Even when she tried to wipe the smile away with her forearm, she realized instantly that it was a pointless exercise. She could feel the eyes of the woman traveling her body, and when she looked at her, they had rested on her face.There was more silence than she ever thought possible. It extended like an elastic, dying to break. The girl broke it.“Can I?”The two words stood among acres and acres of vacant, wooden-floored land. The books were miles away.The woman nodded.Yes, you can
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|To stomp about the world ignoring cultural differences is arrogant, to be sure, but perhaps there is another kind of arrogance in the presumption that we may ever really build a faultless bridge from one shore to another, or even know where the mist has ceded to landfall.
Jared Taylor|When Dawn looked at Vic, she saw Vic exactly as he wanted to be seen. Whereas Vic's parents couldn't help seeing who he used to be, and so many friends and strangers couldn't help seeing who he didn't want to be anymore, Dawn only saw him. Call it a blur if you want, but Dawn didn't see a blur. She saw a very distinct, very clear person.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Suffering is sometimes cleansing,” said the man. His clothes were casual, but expensive. “It can purify."“It can also fuck you up,” said Shadow.
Rod Dreher|Sex and commerce are fine things, but man cannot live by Viagra and the Dow Jones alone. A life led collecting things and experiences in pursuit of happiness is not necessarily a bad life, but it’s not a good life either. Too often, the Democrats act like the Party of Lust, and the Republicans the Party of Greed. Both are deadly sins that eat at the soul.
Henry Miller|Our DNA is as a consumer company - for that individual customer who's voting thumbs up or thumbs down. That's who we think about. And we think that our job is to take responsibility for the complete user experience. And if it's not up to par, it's our fault, plain and simply.
Robert Kiyosaki|No press, no television. If my mom calls and says, 'Did you hear about?' I don't want to know nothing about anything that is going on in relation to music. I shut it all off.
Mitt Romney|In the affairs of this world, men are saved not by faith, but by the want of it.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|I think the word ‘pleasure’ is unknown to you. More precisely, its practical meaning.
M. Basilea Schlink|To be spiritually alive is to live in repentance. Spiritually dead are those Christians who never weep over their sins or who have long ceased to do so. Dead - in God's eyes - are those Christians who can no longer rejoice over God's forgiveness. Whenever this joy is missing, even if we may call ourselves committed Christians, there is something wrong in our lives.
Salman Khan|You know, it's amazing. I don't even have a car, would you believe it? I had a motorbike and it got stolen last year. So I've got to buy another one of those, I suppose. I can treat myself to that.
Orhan Pamuk, The Innocence of Objects|We don't need more museums that try to construct the historical narratives of a society, community, team, nation, state, tribe, company, or species. We all know that the ordinary, everyday stories of individuals are riches, more humane, and much more joyful.
Simon Singh, Trick or Treatment: The Undeniable Facts about Alternative Medicine|Alcenith Crawford (a divorced ophthalmologist): "We women doctors have un-happy marriages because in our minds we are the superstars of our families. Having survived the hardship of medical school we expect to reap our rewards at home. We had to assert ourselves against all odds and when we finally graduate there are few shrinking violets amongst us. It takes a special man to be able to cope. Men like to feel important and be the undisputed head of the family. A man does not enjoy waiting for his wife while she performs life-saving operations. He expects her and their children to revolve around his needs, not the other way. But we have become accustomed to giving orders in hospitals and having them obeyed. Once home, it's difficult to adjust. Moreover, we often earn more than our husbands. It takes a generous and exceptional man to forgive all that.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|Partners,” she said, and fired two rounds into his head.
Megan Mayhew Bergman, Birds of a Lesser Paradise: Stories|And mother-like, Mrs. Jo forgot the threatened chastisement in tender lamentations over the happy scapegrace…
Jim Crace|There's a reasonable amount of traction in college education, particularly engineering, because quite a lot of that is privatized, so there is an incentive to set up new colleges of reasonably high quality.
Latika Teotia|I pray for those who feel friendless and who feel that they are all by themselves in this wide world. May God show them, through one His of innumerable ways, that not only does He know them but also loves them dearly.
Stephen Lewis|SOMETIMES TO BE HEALTHY, ALL YOU NEED IS TO BE CLEAN SYSTEM.
Stephen Richards|Everybody has a second personality, it may possess and make you do whatever it likes.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|Our Freedoms come from those that keep our beliefs, our ideology, and lifestyle safe. You may never know who they are but salute their presence. Their only glory is knowing we recognize their efforts even if they are but ghosts.
Frederic M. Perrin|I wish for all who look for Gold,Shall find one letter less,A world where trying always wins,And leaves the loser blessed.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Killer Spirit|So you think the best way to prepare kids for the real world is to bus them to a government institution where they're forced to spend all day isolated with children of their own age and adults who are paid to be with them, placed in classes that are too big to allow more than a few minutes of personal interaction with the teacher-then spend probably an hour or more everyday waiting in lunch lines, car lines, bathroom lines, recess lines, classroom lines, and are forced to progress at the speed of the slowest child in class?
Arthur Phillips, The Tragedy of Arthur|What a night it was! The jagged masses of heavy dark cloud were rolling at intervals from horizon to horizon, and thin white wreaths covered the stars. Through all the rush of the cloud river the moon swam, breasting the waves and disappearing again in the darkness.I walked up and down, drinking in the beauty of the quiet earth and the changing sky. The night was absolutely silent. Nothing seemed to be abroad. There was no scurrying of rabbits, or twitter of the half-asleep birds. And though the clouds went sailing across the sky, the wind that drove them never came low enough to rustle the dead leaves in the woodland paths. Across the meadows I could see the church tower standing out black and grey against the sky. ("Man Size In Marble")
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Hope itself is like a star- not to be seen in the sunshine of prosperity, and only to be discovered in the night of adversity. 
Jenny Colgan, The Loveliest Chocolate Shop in Paris|Whenever my mum gets depressed about her age, she goes to Paris.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Secret History of Fantasy|I have often misunderstood men grossly, and I have misrepresented them when I understood them, sacrificing sense to make a phrase. Here, of course, is where even the most conscientious critic often goes aground; he is apt to be an artist before he is a scientist, and the impulse to create something passionately is stronger in him than the impulse to state something accurately.
James Carroll|There are times when we stop, we sit still. We listen and breezes from a whole other world begin to whisper.
Paul Theroux|One travels to run away from routine, that dreadful routine that kills all imagination and all our capacity for enthusiasm.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|After graduating early from high school, I carefully listened to the quarterback during my first play in college spring ball. My mind was on the very basics of football: alignment, assignment, and where to stand in the huddle. The quarterback broke the huddle and I ran to the line, meeting the confident eyes of a defensive end—6-foot-6, 260- pound Matt Shaughnessy.I was seventeen, a true freshman, and he was a 23-year-old fifth-year senior, a third-round draft pick. Huge difference between the two of us. Impressing the coach was not on my mind. Survival was. “Oh, Jesus,” I said. I wasn’t cursing. I was praying for help.Is anyone among you in trouble? Let them pray ( James 5:13).That day Matt came off the ball so fast. Bam! Next thing I knew, I was flat on my back, thrown to the ground. I got up and limped back to the huddle.Four years later...standing on the sidelines in my first NFL game, bouncing on my toes, waiting for my chance to go in, one of the tight ends went down. My time to shine! Where do I stand? Who do I have? I look up and meet the same eyes I met on my first play in college football.Matt Shaughnessy! ...
Rafael Yglesias, The Wisdom of Perversity|After puberty, you look to one sex for more than friendship and to the other for less-than-complete intimacy.
Kim Fields|With my boyfriend, we can make sexist jokes to each other because we know it's absolutely not true. If I get home from a long day and he says: 'Go on, get in the kitchen,' it's funny because we know it's not our lives.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Be who you are longing to be, practice thinking of yourself as the person of your dreams.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|As an angler and a gardener, I cherish each drop of rain that falls.
Carine Roitfeld|I'm frugal. I've always been this way. When I was young, my mom would give me my allowance, and I'd peel off a little each week and have some to spare.
Matthew Modine|I want to congratulate all the men out there who are working diligently to be good fathers whether they are stepfathers, or biological fathers or just spiritual fathers.
Anoma Natasha Paleebut|You can't be beautiful and a writer, because to be a writer you have to be the one doing the looking; if you're beautiful people will be looking at you.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|People are hated a lot of places. Claire pointed out in her letter that Americans, in being hated, were simply paying the normal penalty for being people, and that they were foolish to think they should somehow be exempted from that penalty.
Kierra C.T. Banks|Love will drive you insane, but never let it drive you stupid or blind.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|Christopher was wearing a suit and adorned make-up. As long as I had known him, he never wore a suit or make-up. The look of him defenseless to his appearance saddened me.
B.A. Gabrielle|Change courage into main characters, fear into antagonists, and peace and safety into supporting characters. Don't hold anything back.
Bridget Davis|I hope we'll be friends forever, together we'll always be. I don't think you understand just how much you mean to me. And one day when we part our ways, we'll think back to the past and think about how happy we are 'cause our friendship will always last.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish|I don't know why, but the Bible always seems to come to me in my time of need, even with the exact words.
Neel Burton, The Meaning of Madness|And if I talk to him, I'll say something wrong, give something away. I can feel it coming, a betrayal of myself.
Debasish Mridha|To stay young, accept the changes and continue to learn.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|For someone named Alice, you’re really not all that up on your Wonderland trivia.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I do not have any trust fund, I have always trusted God for all my funds.
Nathalie M. Leblanc|We are trapped here up on this wall by an evil beyond comprehension. It is here that we are damned to remain for all eternity, under the grime of centuries, beyond time. When even the paint falls off and these prison-canvases are bare again… well, then we are in limbo,” the poor man opened his eyes wide giving them a ghostly look.
Walt Disney Company|It's funny how the people who know the least about you, always have the most to say.
Laurence Olivier|Real love is the shared loneliness".
Yolanda Richards, Scandalous: By His Executive Order|She didn’t know Matt had followed her until he grabbed her shoulder, halting her headlong rush to nowhere. He turned her into his arms, pulled her against his chest, crushed her mouth in a searing kiss.“Shane,” he said when he raised his head from hers. “I love you. I love you.”Her heart opened and the wall inside her trembled as she clung to him. “Burn me up, Matt,” she said, her voice a ragged whisper. “Burn it away. Please, please, burn it all away.”She heard him growl deep in his throat and he lifted her into his arms in one swift movement. As he carried her back across the parking lot and through the door of her room, she rained kisses on his neck and the hard line of his jaw. His skin was warm and damp and tasted of salt and desire.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is possible for you to realise your dream as a scientist, you must be a passionate learner and curious enough to seek this wonderful career path.
Matt Damon|I'm not in the business of becoming famous. And that's the advice I give to younger aspiring actors. Work onstage and do the little roles. In the end it's not important to be seen. It's important to do. There's a lot of disappointment in this business, but my family keeps me grounded.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|I wou'd therefore exhort all my sex (...) to betake themselves to the improvement of their minds (...) and (...) shew our selves worthy something from them, as much above their bare esteem, as they conceit themselves above us. In a word, let us shew them, by what little we do without aid of education, the much we might do if they did us justice; that we may force a blush from them, if possible, and compel them to confess their own baseness to us, and that the worst of us deserve much better treatment than the best of us receive.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|I was reminded of a painter friend who had started her career by depicting scenes from life, mainly deserted rooms, abandoned houses and discarded photographs of women. Gradually, her work became more abstract, and in her last exhibition, her paintings were splashes of rebellious color, like the two in my living room, dark patches with little droplets of blue. I asked about her progress from modern realism to abstraction. Reality has become so intolerable, she said, so bleak, that all I can paint now are the colors of my dreams.
Patricia C. Wrede|I loved getting my M. B. A., and I really enjoyed being an accountant and financial analyst before I quit my day job twenty-five years ago to write full time. I just liked writing more…plus, I knew even then that as a full-time writer, I'd get plenty of chances to do business-type stuff, while as an accountant, I probably wouldn't get a lot of opportunities to write about dragons.
Dada Bhagwan|If the outside [our outside circumstances] has become spoilt so be it, don’t let the inside [our inner intent] spoil. If you don’t have the money to pay off your debt, keep the intent pure within that you want to pay it off. Because you did not let the inner intent spoil, the time to pay off the debt will come.
Debasish Mridha|You are the beloved child of this universe, so live as if everything is yours. Every morning the sun is rising for you. The rays of light are kissing you, birds are singing for you, flowers are dancing for you, and everything belongs to you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The greatest book is one written by your pen, but not exactly from your mind.
Lizzy Ford|She dressed in bohemian clothes, penned novels, panted, and yearned to roam forgotten corners of the world. She was habitually defiant and fearless, and when she felt controlled, as she often did, she could be irresistibly willfull. Mostly, she was bored silly by the vanilla sort boys who trailed her around, and by the stodgy set in Miami Beach.
Fidel Castro|God guides his church, maintains her always, and especially in difficult times. Let us never lose this vision of faith, which is the only true vision of the way of the church and the world.
David Hoffmeister, Quantum Forgiveness: Physics, Meet Jesus|The Holy Spirit has to convince us that reality is better than illusions and that eternity is better than linear time. It is actually beyond one being better than the other; it is a case of there being no comparison. One is real and one is not. If we are sincerely interested in experiencing True Happiness, if we really want to be in a miraculous state of mind, all it takes is the willingness to start to see the miracle offers us everything.
Monica Chrisandtras Hines|She never knows when it might strike. The rage. And when it does, she loses her grip on herself—literally. At times, she could swear she sees another self—shiny black phantom, faceless, as though clad in a bodysuit—leaping out of her, pulling the rest of her in its wake. Over the edge.
Erica Lorraine Scheidt|The Old Woman asked, "Here you are, dear Youth, you are looking at the Garden and do not know that it is an evil Garden. Here you are waiting for the Beautiful Woman and do not know that her beauty is destructive. You have been living in my room for two years and never before have you become so engrossed as you have today. Apparently your turn has come too. Go away from the window before it is too late, do not breathe the evil fragrance of these deceitful flowers and do not wait for the Beautiful Woman to appear below your window and enchant you. She will come, she will enchant you, and you will follow her against your will.Speaking thus, the Old Woman lit two candles on the table where some books were lying, banged the window shut and drew the curtain tightly across the window. The curtain rings scraped lightly along the bronze curtain rod, and the yellow linen of the curtain fluttered and once again lay motionless — and the room became cheerful, comfortable and peaceful. And it seemed that there was no longer any garden beyond the window, nor was there any sorcery in the world, and everything was simple, ordinary, and would remain so once and for all.("The Poison Garden")
Israelmore Ayivor|To live, pray. To learn, read. To love, give. To listen, pay attention. But to be wise, apply all that you have acquired
Robert J. Sawyer, WWW: Watch|He died with his tie on. Do you think that could be our generation’s equivalent of that old saying about dying with your boots on? Harry Blakemoor died with his tie on. I like it, Larry.
Juan Gabriel|The art of the bird is to conceal its nest both as to position and as to material, but now and then it is betrayed into weaving into its structure showy and bizarre bits of this or that, which give its secret away and which seem to violate all the traditions of its kind.
Moonshine Noire|This revolution will be noted. It will be successful and above all, it will be in words.
Carl Hiaasen|Ultimately life is disease, death and oblivion. It's still better than high school.
Molly Friedenfeld|When your footsteps and thoughts carry you down the same path your heart and soul are directing you, you will know without a doubt that you are headed in the right direction.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Immigration inevitably involves error and revision. What I imagined it would be, it's not. For better or worse, some mistake is unavoidable.
F.K. Preston|Four years ago the clocks started turning back. I open my eyes and see nothing. I feel nothing below or above me. I feel the absence of things. The absence of my flesh, my bones, my body, my mind. All that is left is awareness. I see nothing but the absence of colour. It’s not a black darkness. It’s simply nothing. The interior of a black hole. I recall news of a black hole lingering along the edges of our solar system. All that time ago. Four years ago. When the clocks started turning back. I hear nothing. Until there is a something. A small thing. A voice. I listen. There are more voices. The sounds are human. How long has it been since I’ve heard a human? The sounds scratch along my now present attention. They carve into my hearing. They are horrid, wretched things. Voices screaming. Growing loud and desperate. How many voices? Billions. This is the birth of our species. We are born screaming. It’s all we know to do. We have screamed for eternity. Within this empty space.
Molly Friedenfeld|Hold each moment you create on your sacred journey close to your heart, for that is the location where your memory will be deposited.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|Get some perspective. A lot of things that may aggravate you only do so because you have the luxury of not wrestling with bigger issues. Today, be thankful for everything you have: being alive, your friends and family, your health, a roof over your head, something to eat, clean water to drink, indoor plumbing, heating, air conditioning, clothes, shoes, a job, and freedoms. Many, many people have it worse.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Age had not made him less handsome, as is so often the case; it had simply made him less visible.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Some addicts do not even have basic parenting and instead are beaten, sexually abused, left to be looked after by a dysfunctional ‘carer’, put in orphan homes or rejected by their community. If you calculate the millions of emotionally neglected children and observe them growing up together trying to ‘get by in life’, you will understand why many adults (adult children) have addictive personalities.
Henry Kuttner, Masters of Horror|Never confuse lust for anything other than what it is. There isn't a man alive that wouldn't gladly take what you are so willing to offer.""Any but you, apparently." -Eric to Camile, Pawn of Innocence
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Little sister!" Apollo called. If his teeth were any whiter he could've blinded us without the sun car. "What's up? You never call. You never write. I was getting wor
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|Do not be a stupid, unless someone is paying you to be.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|Don't you be thinking,' she says, 'on things that are done and can't be changed. All right, dear girl? You think of the time to come.
Sheri Dew|...I fear that some of us understand just enough about the gospel to feel guilty--guilty that we are not measuring up to some undefinable standard--but not enough about the Atonement to feel the peace and strength, the power and mercy it affords us.
Jennifer Pahlka|The responsibility for good government lies not just with governments themselves but also with every other part of the system they operate in, including media, non-governmental organisations and the public.
Neil Gaiman, The Kindly Ones|It has always been the prerogative of children and half-wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes. But a half-wit remains a half-wit, and the emperor remains an emperor.
Ben Stephenson, A Matter of Life and Death Or Something|I now have my final resting place,Your eyes.
Kirstie Collins Brote, Beware of Love in Technicolor|It was a time before Facebook and Instagram and texting. I imagine it must be easier now, for college students. Home must not feel so far away anymore. But how do you cut the apron strings if the strings are virtual?
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|You show me a lazy prick who's lying in bed all day, watching TV, only occasionally getting up to piss, and I'll show you a guy who's not causing any trouble.
Walter Cronkite|You know, I believe that marriage is between a man and a woman.
H. L. Mencken|People who fail to use their emotional intelligence skills are more likely to turn to other, less effective means of managing their mood. They are twice as likely to experience anxiety, depression, substance abuse, and even thoughts of suicide.
Dixie Waters|That's the crazy things about lies, you start to believe them yourself." (pg. 342)
Anne Moody, Coming of Age in Mississippi: The Classic Autobiography of a Young Black Girl in the Rural South|I'm through with you. Yes, I am going to put you down. From now on, I am my own God. I am going to live by the rules I se for myself. I'll discard everything I was once taught about you. Then I'll be you. I'll be my own God, living my life as I see fit. Not as Mr. Charlie says I should live it, or Mama or anybody else. I shall do as I want in this society that apparently wasn't meant for me and my kind. If you are getting angry because I am talking to you like this, then just kill me, leave me here in this graveyard dead. Maybe thats where all of us belong anyway. Maybe then we wouldn't have to suffer so much. At the rate we are being killed now, we'll all be soon dead anyway.
Sean Liburd|If there’s a book you really want to read but it hasn’t been written yet, then you must write it.- Toni Morrison
Deyth Banger|Mmm, freshly baked cookies. Even better, the rich, buttery scent had conquered the usual mothball odor.
Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See|After a moment or two a man in brown crimplene looked in at us, did not at all like the look of us and asked us if we were transit passengers. We said we were. He shook his head with infinite weariness and told us that if we were transit passengers then we were supposed to be in the other of the two rooms. We were obviously very crazy and stupid not to have realized this. He stayed there slumped against the door jamb, raising his eyebrows pointedly at us until we eventually gathered our gear together and dragged it off down thecorridor to the other room. He watched us go past him shaking his head in wonder and sorrow at the stupid futility of the human condition in general and ours in particular, and then closed the door behind us.The second room was identical to the first. Identical in all respects other than one, which was that it had a hatchway let into one wall. A large vacant-looking girl was leaning through it with her elbows on the counter and her fists jammed up into her cheekbones. She was watching some flies crawling up the wall, not with any great interest because they were not doing anything unexpected, but at least they were doing something. Behind her was a table stacked with biscuits, chocolate bars, cola, and a pot of coffee, and we headed straight towards this like a pack of stoats. Just before we reached it, however, we were suddenly headed off by a man in blue crimplene, who asked us what we thought we were doing in there. We explained that we were transit passengers on our way to Zaire, and he looked at us as if we had completely taken leave of our senses.'Transit passengers? he said. 'It is not allowed for transit passengers to be in here.' He waved us magnificently away from the snack counter, made us pick up all our gear again, and herded us back through the door and away into the first room where, a minute later, the man in the brown crimplene found us again.He looked at us. Slow incomprehension engulfed him, followed by sadness, anger, deep frustration and a sense that the world had been created specifically to cause him vexation. He leaned back against the wall, frowned, closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.'You are in the wrong room,' he said simply. `You are transit passengers. Please go to the other room.'There is a wonderful calm that comes over you in such situations, particularly when there is a refreshment kiosk involved. We nodded, picked up our gear in a Zen-like manner and made our way back down the corridor to the second room. Here the man in blue crimplene accosted us once more but we patiently explained to him that he could fuck off.
Jeffrey McDaniel|I surrendered my identity in your eyes.Now I'm just like everybody else, and it's so funny, the way monogamy is funny, the waysomeone falling down in the street is funny.I entered a revolving door and emergedas a human being. When you think of meis my face electronically blurred? I remember your collarbone, forming the tiniestsatellite dish in the universe, your smileas the place where parallel lines inevitably crossed.Now dinosaurs freeze to death on your shoulder.I remember your eyes: fifty attack dogs on a single leash, how I once held the soft audience of your hand.I've been ignored by prettier women than you, but none who carried the heavy pitchers of silenceso far, without spilling a drop.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|How the story will end, no one knows? We can only envisage.
Ashley Newell, Freakhouse|Don't look like that, Draco, you look like you did right before you pounced on the cat when you were two.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not the absence of war,but the presence of love and care.Peace is not the absence of agony,but the presence of joy of harmony.Peace is not the absence of poverty,but the presence of love for beauty.Peace is not the absence of intolerance.  Peace is a way of life with joy of tolerance.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Listening is one thing; however, ACTIVE listening is quite another. The first is a passive act which does not require great involvement, whereas, the latter is a consciously aware and deliberately focused effort to actively participate in the conversation.
Marco Rubio|Through every struggle that I have been confronted with and have been subjected to - solitary confinement, long legal battles, and physically transitioning to the woman I have always been - I manage not only to survive, but to grow, learn, mature, and thrive as a better, more confident person.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|But, with time, one has encountered many of the monsters, and one is increasingly less terrified of those still to be met.
Pascal|The immediate result of abandoned idealism is an embittered and drained man, whether he realizes it or not, whether he likes it or not. He is capable of acting in his own interest, but only to the extent that those interests coincide with those of the lowest animals.
Bakhtiyar Ali, I Stared at the Night of the City|In the beginning, science is a thing imagined; in the beginning, war is a thing imagined; in the beginning, love is a thing imagined; in the beginning, even God is a thing imagined. There is nothing that has not first been imagined. Even before there are words, there is imagination.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Truth is always a quest and if it looks anything like a destination, it is proof that we are on to illusion. Thus, unique is each quest!
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|My wish simply is to live my life as fully as I can. In both our work and our leisure, I think, we should be so employed. And in our time this means that we must save ourselves from the products that we are asked to buy in order, ultimately, to replace ourselves.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|Oh, one more thing,' Thor calls out. 'If I know my prophecy, and I do, you beautiful ladies had best start looking for a boat!
Jalaluddin Rumi|Please be SILENT and LISTEN.I am the SCHOOLMASTERand you are in the CLASSROOM.Just like ELEVEN PLUS TWO equalsTWELVE PLUS ONE,And even a FUNERAL can be REAL FUN,You will find my DICTIONARYis quite INDICATORY.If you want to read my story, just look...THEN UNREAD.
Zen|We will be entering the beautiful world of a Zen master's no-mind. Sosan is the third Zen Patriarch. Nothing much is known about him- this is as it should be, because history records only violence. History does not record silence- it cannot record it. All records are of disturbance. Whenever someone becomes really silent, he disappears from all records, he is no more a part of our madness. So it is as it should be.Ch. 1: The Great Way Is Not Difficult
Hugo Hamilton, The Speckled People: A Memoir of a Half-Irish Childhood|Honesty may not bring you success, but it always adds to your dignity.
Luis Enrique Cavazos, The Five Virtues That Awaken Your Life|Stupidity is a mindset of those who refuse knowledge! A mistake of judgment is an error, we make mistakes all of the time, it's stupid if you keep making the same mistakes often.
Kate Wrath, E|You might be offered oatcakes as well as bread (especially in the north). If these do not tempt you, consider eating "horse-bread." This is made from a sort of flour of ground peas, bran, and beans–if contemporaries look at you strangely, it is because it is not meant for human consumption.
Charles Beaumont, Shock!|First of all, it was October, a rare month for boys. Not that all months aren't rare. But one strange year, halloween came early....don't you ditch me jim nightshade...don't talk death. Someone might hear...
Caroline Kennedy|When I was younger, on weekends, my mom would make us pancakes with our initials on them and then a tiny cup of coffee. I remember at 10 sneaking my own coffee and pouring a ton of sugar in and going up to the playroom and drinking it.
Marcel Theroux, Strange Bodies|What’s the difference between being dead, and just not knowing you’re alive?
Jonathan Swift|When honor and the Law no longer stand on the same side of the line, how do we choose[?]
Thomas Szasz|Being black does not stop you. You can sit out in the world and say  "Well  white people kept me back  and I can't do this." Not so. You can have anything you want if you make up your mind and you want it.
Jennifer Estep, Touch of Frost|When you feel like you're crazy because you think differently than the people around you, God sends a confirmation that you've not lost it.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Sorcerer Heir|Failure is always louder than success. But there is an accumulation of all the things you don’t do wrong, and that becomes your confidence. You can even get to the point where that confidence lasts longer than the dance. Seconds at first. Then minutes. Then maybe it’ll be there when you’re walking into a party, or meeting people after a show. You know you have something desirable, and you know you can move.
William Shakespeare|Mother, you have my father much offended.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, Maybe in Another Life|Authenticity is a practice we choose in each present moment. It is not a plan or a destination to get to. The choices we make in the now are most important because in a fast-changing world, flexing to what’s happening now, and creating from it is a critical leadership skill.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Is your voice value delivering the image you wish to convey? Is your voice coming across as smart, friendly, and positive or ignorant, rude, and negative?
Johann Lamont|I've praised Obama's record on same-sex equality as enthusiastically as anyone: it's one area where his record has been impressive. I understand, and have expressed, the emotional importance for LGBT Americans of his marriage announcement as well as its political significance.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|If my generation is remembered for anything, it will be as the last one that remembers the world before the Internet.
Charles Stross, Accelerando|A time of ongoing cultural revolution when the adversaries of Christianity have made plain their intent to use the state machinery to promote radical social ideologies hardly seems an opportune moment to discuss how the rights of property might be compromised. Private property is an important bulwark against the ongoing anti-Christian campaign. Although opponents of the free market will doubtless claim that they wish to interfere with the rights of property only to this or that extent, or only to bring about this or that allegedly desirable social outcome, there can be little excuse for such naiveté in our day. No Christian should want to build up an institution that he would be terrified to see in the hands of his ideological opponents.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|In the palace, during my imprisonment, I learned that Maven had been made by his mother, formed into the monster he became. There is nothing on earth that can change him or what she did. But Cal was made too. All of us were made by someone else, and all of us have some thread of steel that nothing and no one can cut. I thought Cal was immune to the corruptive temptation of power. How wrong I was. He was born to be a king. It's what he was made for. It's what he was made to want.
Faiz Ahmad Faiz, 100 Poems by Faiz Ahmed Faiz: 1911-1984|Before you came,things were as they should be:the sky was the dead-end of sight,the road was just a road, wine merely wine.Now everything is like my heart,a color at the edge of blood:the grey of your absence, the color of poison, of thorns,the gold when we meet, the season ablaze,the yellow of autumn, the red of flowers, of flames,and the black when you cover the earthwith the coal of dead fires.And the sky, the road, the glass of wine?The sky is a shirt wet with tears,the road a vein about to break,and the glass of wine a mirror in whichthe sky, the road, the world keep changing.Don’t leave now that you’re here—Stay. So the world may become like itself again:so the sky may be the sky,the road a road,and the glass of wine not a mirror, just a glass of wine.
Zoe Kravitz|Humor is richly rewarding to the person who employs it. It has some value in gaining and holding attention, but it has no persuasive value at all.
Hamzatribah|I hate our current leaders becouse they don't know the value of there people, but like there ideas because it will soon turn against them and any of there kind.
Cate Tiernan, Immortal Beloved|He gave a hard smile and the oxygen in my lungs evaporated. “Weboth know I’m not a gentleman.”“Yeah. Okay, let me out. I’m tired.”“There’s something else,” he said, and I groaned.“What now?”“This.” He stepped closer to me, so close that the containers weresandwiched between us. His eyeslooked down into mine, intent and golden, like a lion.“Oh, no, you don’t!” I hissed, dropping everything. I pushed hardagainst his chest; it was like shovinga tree.“Yes,” he said very softly, leaning down. “Yes, I do.
Beau Willimon|People have come to me for my opinion since 'October Baby.' But, hey, look, I'm an actor who is very fortunate to be in a movie that's making wonderful noise, and hopefully helping parents and children to be a little closer. Leave me alone. I'm not talking about politics. I'm just trying to have a conversation with my own kids.
Ann Bannon, Beebo Brinker|So while I drove my little and planned his fantasy night of how I was going to give Otter the key to my soul (his words, not mine), I silently panicked and wrote lines of bad poetry. Normally, I am quite adept at writing poems and lyrics to songs I'l never sing, but this stuff was just atrocious. For example:I love youYou love meThank God for thatI'm so happyAnd Ty's personal favorite (which he helped me on): Otter! Otter! Otter!Don't lead cows to slaughterI love you and I knowI should've told you soon-aBut you didn't buy the dolphin-safe tuna!TY asked me if I got the hidden message in his poem. I told him it was loud and clear.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Let me be strong, for to be anything else is to languish in the abyss of compromise and to descend to places of impoverishment so destitute that they will squelch my soul and crush my heart.
Sue Ward Drake, Hear No Evil|Be positive. Believe that you will succeed. See it, go for it. No matter what the odds, most of the battle is inside your own head. -- Bob Mayer
Sarah Rees Brennan|Your cell phone is on the nightstand. Call me immediately if something changes. I don’t care if you are merely dizzy or if you start seeing pink dragons, do you understand?” I solemnly swear I will call you the second a pink dragon shows up.
Anthony T. Hincks|Remember what I done for you here today,' he shouted and passed out.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|We look at your eyes. The eyes carry the wounds. The eyes know damage. Damaged people recognize other damaged people, and we let you in. We are kindred. - Broken Places
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Vulnerability is the birthplace of love, belonging, joy, courage, empathy, and creativity. It is the source of hope, empathy, accountability, and authenticity. If we want greater clarity in our purpose or deeper and more meaningful spiritual lives, vulnerability is the path.
Bryan Islip, Like an Angel Sings|Their making of love ... had even been something like this, when it became a kind of harmony, enveloping them together and together and for ever into that crescendo. And, yes, now really, really she knew the multitudinous singing of the stars and she wanted everything to stay where it was, now and forever with him ...
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|To those who rejected Him, righteousness would one day appear as a terrible justice; to the sinful men who accepted Him and allied themselves to His life, righteousness would show itself as mercy.
Robyn Bavati, Dancing in the Dark|Look, you can't change your past, Ditty, but you've still got your future.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|Just like you mistook lust for love, you have mistaken with being alone for loneliness. So I'm fine. Thanks for asking.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|It's easy to look back and see it, and it's easy to give the advice. But the sad fact is, most people don't look beneath the surface until it's too late.
Chinese Proverb|If you are in the business of revenge, then you better dig two graves.
Donna Lynn Hope|Society nowadays tells people that their happiness is all that matters but happiness is never found if it costs someone else’s theirs. That is not what happiness is, nor would such a person deserve it, because happiness is forged by the setting aside of self and in doing for others to make them happy first and foremost, so if you have to hurt another human being to “find your happiness,” then you have no clue what the word actually means or what it’s willing to do, and in being so self-centered and entitled, it’s veritably tragic that the only care and concern you have is for yourself.
Carrie Underwood|God put us here, on this carnival ride. We close our eyes never knowing where it'll take us next.
Peter Benchley|Leadership is something you earn, something you're chosen for. You can't come in yelling, 'I'm your leader!' If it happens, it's because the other guys respect you.
James Gleick|Becoming a father increases your capacity for love and your level of patience. It opens up another door in a person - a door which you may not even have known was there. That's what I feel with my son. There's suddenly another level of love that expands. My son is my greatest joy, out of everything in my life.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|So you're always honest," I said."Aren't you?""No," I told him. "I'm not.""Well, that's good to know, I guess.""I'm not saying I'm a liar," I told him. He raised his eyebrows. "That's not how I meant it, anyways.""How'd you mean it, then?""I just...I don't always say what I feel.""Why not?""Because the truth sometimes hurts," I said."Yeah," he said. "So do lies, though.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Look, why don't you go talk to Ron about all this?" Harry asked."Well, I would, but he's always asleep when I go and see him!" said Lavender fretfully."Is he?" said Harry, surprised, for he had found Ron perfectly alert every time he had been up to the hospital wing.
Janet Frame, Scented Gardens for the Blind|Cats are people, and the sooner the world accepts that fact, the better off the world will be.
François-René de Chateaubriand|L’arbre tombe feuille à feuille : si les hommes contemplaient chaque matin ce qu’ils ont perdu la veille, ils s’apercevraient bien de leur pauvreté.
Tracy McMillan, I Love You And I'm Leaving You Anyway|It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Religion can only be a means to a set of values cherished by its living adherents. If those values relate only to a past or a presumed afterlife, it is a sign that religion has become a goal serving the ends of a priest or a demagogue and rest of the living are merely tools to serve that end. If it is not to become a fossil, it has to be a living faith serving the cherished values of the living.
Teodor Flonta, A Luminous Future|Rose, come here." Christian grabbed my hand and guided me back down on the couch next to him.
Kathleen Tessaro, The Flirt|For beloved cross every pass Worldly affairs slow their pace A flowing brook amidst the grass Flowing tears his face shall trace His ego is shattered glass Self-estranged, himself deface Sense the Divine in spirit and mass If he is truly seeking grace
Liza M. Wiemer, Hello?|All at once it occurs to me that I'm the one who needs to give myself the break, to accept myself for who I am.
Robert Jordan, The Path of Daggers|Who knows a woman's heart? Most women will shrug off what a man would kill you for, and kill you for what a man would shrug off.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|his wife might, I verily believe, be the very happiest woman the sun shines on
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Don’t just have dreams. Take actions too. To make it possible, begin every dream with a simple action and your interest will beam out.
Arthur R. Marshall|If you don't synthesize knowledge, scientific journals become spare-parts catalogues for machines that are never built.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|A strange, beautiful new world awaits, Leonard.We've found an oasis in their ruins. We really have.You want to see it, so just hold on, okay?
Lee S. Hawke|Since he'd stepped out of medical school, all he'd ever done was fulfil the same three basic templates, again and again and again. The possibility of infinite variation had led only to convergence.
Andrew Murray, The Master's Indwelling|We need to be impressed with these words in verse [2 Cor. 1:]9—“we should not base our confidence on ourselves but on God.” Through the redemption of Christ, the very God, who is in the heavens, has come into us, into our spirit (Col. 1:27; 2 Tim. 4:22). Thank the Lord that He is now in our spirit, calling us to forget about the soulish things and turn to our spirit to meet Him. We should no longer trust in our self, in our soul, but in God who is in our spirit.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
Rafaa Khiari|You could become rich if you were born financially poor, But you can't stay rich if you are poor minded.
Keith Richards|I always get lost in the library,' he said, 'no matter how many times I go. In fact, I think I get lost there more, the more that I go. Like it's getting to know me and revealing new passages.
Chief Seattle|Take nothing but memories, leave nothing but footprints!
Sherry Lynn Ferguson, Quiet Meg|What makes you wise is not what you learn, but what you practice. What makes you wealthy is not what you earn, but what you invest. So, invest in what to practice, and practice what to invest.
Penny Reid, Grin and Beard It|I'm after a woman who likes sex but doesn't put the lust part above the intelligence part. She could have a hundred partners for all I care, just as long as they've been vetted for psychopathic tendencies. I have four rules. Number one: don't invite a person into your body if you wouldn't invite her into your kitchen. Number two: the act needs to take place in a clean environment. Number three: precautions need to be taken to protect from disease and pregnancy. And Number four: don't ration the passion, i.e. put you best fuck forward.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|I started off for home, where I planned to recruit a good book and hide away from the world.
Wes Locher, Musings on Minutiae|The first way not to shake hands is executed by receiving someone’s hand in yours and proceeding to squeeze it tightly, hurting the other party as if they were responsible for a past death in your family, or your adoption as a child.
Patricia Marx, Him Her Him Again the End of Him|If only, I thought, I could talk to Eugene just one more time. This was before I came to understand that you cannot make someone fall in love with you But here's what you can do. By arguing and pleading and screaming and crying and throwing plates and phoning a lot and bringing hot food and sending flowers and buying gifts and doing unsolicited favors and remembering a birthday and being nice and declaring your abiding love and trying hard or sometimes merely by being present, you can make someone who was hitherto lukewarm really detest you.
Faruk H.T.|I had always been an atheist until I met Lenny. He was too wonderously complex and good for there to be no benevolent and intelligent force behind our marvelous cosmos. Lenny gave me the actual proof my fiercely skeptical mind had always demanded. Not some logical, 37-step proof of God's existence. It was a personal proof. And it was irrefutable.
Lionel Suggs|Never in your life have you been helpless—under somebody’s heel. You never lived where your enemies held power over you, power to run your life or wipe it out. You can’t understand. That’s how come you stand there feeding me empty slogans!” Luciente bowed her head. “You crit me justly, Connie. Forgive me. I’ll try to see your situation more clearly and make less loud noises in your ears.
Zen Cho, Spirits Abroad|Other dragons are bastards. I moved out of my mother's cave after my mother tried to rip my guts out.Granted, I had tried to steal her Tiara of Clairvoyance.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|As it was a time of war between the Catholics and the Huguenots, and as he saw the Catholics exterminate the Huguenots and the Huguenots exterminate the Catholics--all in the name of religion--he adopted a mixed belief which permitted him to be sometimes Catholic, sometimes a Huguenot. Now, he was accustomed to walk with his fowling piece on his shoulder, behind the hedges which border the roads, and when he saw a Catholic coming alone, the Protestant religion immediately prevailed in his mind. He lowered his gun in the direction of the traveler; then, when he was within ten paces of him, he commenced a conversation which almost always ended by the traveler's abandoning his purse to save his life. It goes without saying that when he saw a Huguenot coming, he felt himself filled with such ardent Catholic zeal that he could not understand how, a quarter of an hour before, he had been able to have any doubts upon the superiority of our holy religion.
Søren Kierkegaard|One cannot be awake with an ignited consciousness without empathy for all life. You can claim spirituality, faith in a God, or haughty deeds, but to shuffle through life with no thought to the suffering of all life forms, shows the true evil nature of an individual and its disconnect from life. They are separated from creation and this powerful, eternal Universe.
Christopher Hitchens|Most of our platitudes notwithstanding, self-deception remains the most difficult deception. The tricks that work on others count for nothing in that very well-lit back alley where one keeps assignation with oneself: no winning smiles will do here, no prettily drawn lists of good intentions. One shuffles flashily but in vain through one's marked cards- the kindness done for the wrong reason, the apparent triumph which involved no real effort, the seemingly heroic act into which one had been shamed.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|I am not afraid of death, which after all can't be far away. What does frighten me, though, is the halfway stage.
Amit Kalantri|We don't like security rules and laws, but without them men will be animals, perhaps the most dangerous animals.
William P. Barker|There is no other name that mankind can be saved accept in the name of Jesus Christ, the saviour of the world.
DaShanne Stokes|The minute we look away, the minute we stop fighting back, that's the minute bigotry wins.
P. G. Wodehouse|It's good to know that there's a fine line between an "outfit" and a "getup."
Kevin Spacey|I wish that my life could be like the movies, like 'Bonnie and Clyde' or 'The Hunger' or 'Harold and Maude.' And... it can be! It maybe just takes somebody else who is as fearless as you. It takes a person who will not hesitate.
Jean Ferris, Once Upon a Marigold|He had two lives: one, open, seen and known by all who cared to know, full of relative truth and of relative falsehood, exactly like the lives of his friends and acquaintances; and another life running its course in secret. And through some strange, perhaps accidental, conjunction of circumstances, everything that was essential, of interest and of value to him, everything in which he was sincere and did not deceive himself, everything that made the kernel of his life, was hidden from other people.
Peter Singer, Animal Liberation|Racists will always call you a racist when you identify their racism. To love yourself now - is a form of racism. We are the only people who are criticized for loving ourselves. and white people think when you love yourself you hate them. No, when I love myself they become irrelevant to me.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|When we find ourselves in a situation in which our buttons are being pushed, we can choose to repress or act out, or we can choose to practice. If we can start to do the exchange, breathing in with the intention of keeping our hearts open to the embarrassment or fear or anger that we feel, then to our surprise we find that we are also open to what the other person is feeling. Open heart is open heart.
Carine McCandless, The Wild Truth: A Memoir|Because if I am the last one, then I am humanity.And if this is humanity's last war, then I am the battlefield.
Paul Tillich, The Courage to Be|Man lives 'in' meanings, in that which is valid logically, esthetically, religiously. The most fundamental expression of this fact is the language which gives man the power to abstract from the concretely given and, after having abstracted from it, to return to it, to interpret and transform it. The most vital being is the being which has the word and is by the word liberated from bondage to the given.
Margaret Cho|I am so beautiful, sometimes people weep when they see me. And it has nothing to do with what I look like really, it is just that I gave myself the power to say that I am beautiful, and if I could do that, maybe there is hope for them too. And the great divide between the beautiful and the ugly will cease to be. Because we are all what we choose.
Eraldo Banovac|In general, people accumulate knowledge gradually over a long period of time. However, there are extraordinary people all around us, who are capable of accumulating impressive amounts of knowledge within a relatively short period of time. Nevertheless, even the greatest genius possesses only a small fraction of all knowledge known by mankind. Finally, the following question arises: how large is all the existing knowledge in comparison to the space of ignorance?
Karen Armstrong|I did not want to appear before the world as pathetic, deprssed, and psychologically ill. So I erected a barrier of words and wit around myself, so that nobody could see how needy I really was.
Audrey Hepburn|Pick the day. Enjoy it - to the hilt. The day as it comes. People as they come... The past, I think, has helped me appreciate the present, and I don't want to spoil any of it by fretting about the future.
Ishmael Beah, Radiance of Tomorrow|It isn't about knowing the most stories, child. It is about carrying the ones that are most important and passing them along.
Fozia Malik|When trust is broken,sorry means nothing.
Gabby Douglas|I've done business with people I've met in politics, who I went to law school with, who I grew up with. Who do you do business with? People you meet in life.
KakkZ|I always thought loving someone is the greatest feeling, but I realized that loving a friend is even better. We lose people we love but we never lose true friends. True Friendship is something which happens 24/7, no special day is needed to celebrate that feeling. Anywayz happy Friendship Day !!
M.F. Moonzajer|If one has never known freedom, it is easy to be blind to the gridirons composing one's cell.
Naomi Wolf|The stronger that women grow, the more prestige, fame, and money is accorded to the display professions: They are held higher and higher above the heads of rising women, for them to emulate.
John  Adams|When writing the constitution for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, John Adams wrote:I must judge for myself, but how can I judge, how can any man judge, unless his mind has been opened and enlarged by reading.
Chris Coppernoll, A Beautiful Fall|Such a simple concept, yet so true. That which we manifest is before us, we are the creators of our own destiny.
Colman McCarthy|Bush spoke of another principle, that a just war must "support a just cause." In the Persian Gulf, he said, "our cause could not be more noble." What nation has ever said its war was not noble?
Jay-Z|My earliest memory is my mom picking me up after I had fallen down, giving me a big hug and reading me 'Goodnight Moon.' From that moment, to this one, every single memory I have of my mom is that regardless of what was happening in her life, she was always, always there for me.
Sandy Vaile|Backstory is like a flavour you can’t quite pick, lurking in the layers of a curry. You know it’s there and it enhances the flavour, but it’s intangible and fleeting. Use it sparingly!
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|She is a girl who feels things strongly, and though cynics might mock her for that, I never will, as it is perhaps the best of graces: to feel deeply, to care profoundly.
Robert M. Gates, Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War|I would listen with growing outrage as hypocritical and obtuse American senators made all these demands of Iraqi legislators and yet themselves could not even pass budgets or appropriations bills, not to mention deal with tough challenges like the budget deficit, Social Security, and entitlement reforms. So many times I wanted to come right out of my chair at the witness table and scream, You guys have been in business for over two hundred years and can't pass routine legislation. How can you be so impatient with a bunch of parliamentarians who've been at it a year after four thousand years of dictatorship?
Mark Twain|There isn't time, so brief is life, for bickerings, apologies, heartburnings, callings to account. There is only time for loving, and but an instant, so to speak, for that.
Wayne Hoss, A Sermon to Remember by Wayne Hoss: The Truth Shall Set You Free!|Never write when you are not in the mood; when you are not feeling it. If the words do not flow freely, and come to you almost magically, then put it down and do not force yourself to write in the book, or it will reflect in your writing and it will be terribly obvious.
Stewart Butterfield|Even if you believe a creator god invented the laws of physics, would you so insult him as to suggest that he might capriciously and arbitrarily violate them in order to walk on water, or turn water into wine as a cheap party trick at a wedding?
Jesus Christ|As for reputation, though it be a glorious instrument of advancing our Master's service, yet there is a better than that: a clean heart, a single eye, and a soul full of God. A fair exchange if, by the loss of reputation, we can purchase the lowest degree of purity of heart.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|So most people go around with grimy machinery, when all it would take is a bit of spit and polish to make them paladins once more, bold knights and true.
Katia M. S.|Creatures of a day, what is any one? What is he not? Man is but a dream of a shadow. Yet when there comes as a gift of heaven a gleam of sunshine, there rest upon men a radiant light and, aye, a gentle life.
Susan  Bennett, Late Discoveries: An Adoptee's Quest for Truth|I know that sometimes a lie is used in kindness. I don't believe it ever works kindly. The quick pain of the truth can pass away, but the slow, eating agonyof a lie is neverlost. That's a running sore
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I have lost my spark, I'm told, and should seek to rekindle it.  Respecting the messenger, I wonder if this is true.  I feel as if my spark endures, but having opened up to the world so bright, perhaps it no longer shines by comparison.  So, without a word, I slip back into seclusion to nurture my beautiful inner glow.
Sigmund Freud, New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|The demons of animism were usually hostile to man, but it seems as though man had more confidence in himself in those days than later on.
C. JoyBell C.|When family gathers around for a dying loved one, I have realised, that it probably does more good for the living, than for the dying. Sometimes, death can bring the living together, and death can cause the living to find solace in one another. In this way, death is a part of life, and those who die can in fact give gifts to the living, gifts that they were not able to give while they were still alive and well.
Katherine Hannigan, True|I have one head that wants to be good,And one that wants to be bad.And always, as soon as I get up,One of my heads is sad.
Louis XIV|Yesterday, December seventh, 1941, a date which will live in infamy, the United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the Empire of Japan. We will gain the inevitable triumph, so help us God.
Ken Poirot|Never quit on your dream, but learn to cut your losses and quit your plan if it is not working.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|Maybe, peace was preferable to pleasure. Maybe, peace is one’s first love.
Abhijit Naskar|When Mother Nature speaks, even the Gods hold silence.
Grant Hill|I guess there is nothing that will get your mind off everything like golf. I have never been depressed enough to take up the game, but they say you get so sore at yourself you forget to hate your enemies.
Bradley Wiggins|There was always a feeling for me that it would work. That's what keeps me going. You go in with a positive attitude and stay there, and that's a big part of what does make it work.
Henry V. O'Neil, Live Echoes|You may never find out who reported you. If your child has been hurt, his teacher or doctor may have called the state child-abuse hotline, not wanting to assume, as she might in a richer neighbourhood, that it was an accident. But it could also have been a neighbour who heard yelling, or an ex-boyfriend who wants to get back at you, or someone who thinks you drink too much or simply doesn't like you. People know that a call to the hotline is an easy to blow up your life'.(Kiedy moi przyjaciele/znajomi zrobili mały, głupi wybryk w Warszawie, bez namysłu zeznałam na policji, że nic się nie stało oraz że to samochody od nich się odbijały. Taka sama wspaniałomyślność często może nie działać jednak w drugą stronę.)
Darcey Bussell|Listen to my advice; I have some experience. In a way, it is me being a teacher, which is what I wanted to be. I still feel I could go into teaching. What is teaching but passing on your knowledge to those who are at the beginning? Some people are born with that gift.
Eleanor Morse, White Dog Fell from the Sky|I like my fellow man, but I also realize he carried a good measure of the Old Nick in him and he can find a good excuse for almost any kind of wrongdoing or mischief.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Human beings, all over the earth, have this curious idea that they ought to believe in a certain way, and can't really get rid of it.
Alistair Brownlee|My most memorable teacher was Rich Campe, my third-grade teacher at Fairlands Elementary in Pleasanton, California.
Mark Twain|But one day you're going to wake up to the smell of a friend making burnt toast and warm coffee, and you're going to smile with relief knowing you made it. Knowing somebody found ways to love you.
J.C. Patrick, The Reinvention of Janey|The Mob essentially created the term 'stand-up comic'—according to eighty-six-year-old comedian Dick Curtis: 'The Outfit used to manage fighters. A stand-up fighter is a guy that is a puncher. A stand-up guy was a guy who was tough and you could depend on. The Outfit managed fighters and they managed clubs that booked comics, so the term found its way into the lexicon of nightclubs. A guy who just stood there and punched jokes—joke, joke, joke—he was a stand-up comic.
Bill Burr|People who have not done their research on me do not know that I am European, born in Copenhagen, Denmark to an Italian father from Napoli and a mother from Alabama who was singing opera and went to Europe, met my dad, fell in love, and then moved back to Rome, where I was raised, between Rome and Hamburg.
Junaid Raza|As if it would slide off their brains at an angle, leaving a scuff mark.
Dean Koontz, False Memory|Language can't describe reality. Literature has no stable reference, no real meaning. Each reader's interpretation is equally valid, more important than the author's intention. In fact, nothing in life has meaning. Reality is subjective. Values and truths are subjective. Life itself is a kind of illusion. Blah, blah, blah, let's have another scotch.
Gordon Neufeld, Hold On to Your Kids: Why Parents Need to Matter More Than Peers|Unconditional parental love is the indespensible nutrient for the child's healthy emotional growth. The first task is to create space in the child's heart for the certainty that she is precisely the person the parents want and love. She does not have to do anything or be any different to earn that love - in fact, she cannot do anything, since that love cannot be won or lost...The child can be ornery, unpleasant, whiny, uncooperative, and plain rude, and the parent still lets her feel loved. Ways have to be found to convey the unacceptability of certain behaviors without making the child herself feel unaccepted. She has to be able to bring her unrest, her least likable characteristics to the parent and still receive the parent's absolutely satisfying, security-inducing unconditional love.
Hugh Halter|Jesus shows us that there’s never a change of mind unless there’s a change of heart, and there will never be a change of heart without a conversation between trusted friends.Halter, Hugh (2014-02-01). Flesh: Bringing the Incarnation Down to Earth (p. 167). David C. Cook. Kindle Edition.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A single candle has the power to light up a room, a single star has the power to light up the sky, and a single soul has the power to light up the world.
Debasish Mridha|Act, not for results, just for action.Give, not for appreciation, just to help.Be kind, not for something in return, just to love.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|At least ten times as many people died from preventable, poverty-related diseases on September 11, 2011, as died in the terrorist attack on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon on that black day. The terrorist attacks led to trillions of dollars being spent on the ‘war on terrorism’ and on security measures that have inconvenienced every air traveller since then. The deaths caused by poverty were ignored. So whereas very few people have died from terrorism since September 11, 2001, approximately 30,000 people died from poverty-related causes on September 12, 2001, and on every day between then and now, and will die tomorrow. Even when we consider larger events like the Asian tsunami of 2004, which killed approximately 230,000 people, or the 2010 earthquake in Haiti that killed up to 200,000, we are still talking about numbers that represent just one week’s toll for preventable, poverty-related deaths — and that happens fifty-two weeks in every year.
Erika Mathews, Promise's Prayer|When everyone lives only for self, life doesn't work.
Deyth Banger|This guy and this guy and this guy… knew a lot of but couldn't find the words which could explain the "knowledge".
Francis Bacon, The Essays|Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
Future|I don't think I can boast about him. 'Hey, my dad is a British institution; he's done all these incredible things and I'm really proud of him.' There is a certain baggage that comes with that in England.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Without awareness, the current of life cedes its sense of control to other deceptive agents that take you into a life that is toxic rather than nourishing.
Taylor Swift|When I was younger we had a grape arbor, and my mom would go out and pick grapes and make grape jam in the sink - boil it, put it in jars, and give it away as gifts.
Sara Barnard|Someone like you is brilliant and amazing.' I said. 'Why can't you see that in yourself?' The unfairness of it was starting to sink in. If she could only see herself like I did, there wouldn't be a problem. But she didn't, and she never would, and that was so many levels of wrong and unfair I almost couldn't comprehend it.
Leila Howland, Nantucket Red|I can eat you at breakfast, not because I am a monster; it is only because you are too cute and yummy.
Melanie Kay Taylor|Within the grand scale of things, sitting in a classroom day after day is so utterly meaningless and pointless that it actually makes his chest hurt to think about it.
Camelia C.|We observe that one of the great attributes of discretion is that it can mask ignorance of all the most common and lowly varieties, and Walter Moody was nothing if not excessively discreet.
Ravi Zacharias|Through technology the whole world has now become the media's parish, talk-show hosts the prophets, actors and musicians the priests, and any script will do for the Scriptures as long as moral constraints are removed. Sitting before a well-lit box is all the cultic performance needs, and each person can enthrone his or her own self as divine. Truth has been relegated to subjectivity; beauty has been subjugated to the beholder; and as millions are idiotized night after night, a global commune has been constructed with he arts enjoying a totalitarian rule.
John R.W. Stott|The greatest temptations are not those that solicit our consent to obvious sin, but those that offer us great evils masking as the greatest goods.
Omar El Akkad, American War|His [Luke]letter went something like this: "Dear Mr President, Thank you for introducing me to the Hall of Famers and for showing me the Oval Office. I think if I work really hard I will have a chance for both."The next time I saw the president I told him about my son's ambitious plans. His response was beautiful: "Never get between a boy and his dreams
Richard Brinsley Sheridan, The Critic|Egad, I think the interpreter is the hardest to be understood of the two!
Becky Lynch|Being a sex symbol isn't cool unless you're in love with a girl, and she calls you a sex symbol.
Graham Joyce, Some Kind of Fairy Tale|You blame me for this, don't you?" he says."I don't need to. You're doing a better job.
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|Is that the secret meaning of the word story, do you think: a storing place of memories?
Margaret Atwood, The Edible Woman|What else can I do? Once you've gone this far you aren't fit for anything else. Something happens to your mind. You're overqualified, overspecialized, and everybody knows it. Nobody in any other game would be crazy enough to hire me. I wouldn't even make a good ditch-digger, I'd start tearing apart the sewer-system, trying to pick-axe and unearth all those chthonic symbols - pipes, valves, cloacal conduits... No, no. I'll have to be a slave in the paper-mines for all time.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|This inability to just do nothing is a direct result of our habit of externalisation. As children we are never taught in schools, or in social settings, to look within ourselves for answers. Whether it is that our answers are found in some sort of religion, or another person, or in something else, we start to make this common practice. We are indecisive in life looking to friends, family, counsellors, teachers, and even strangers for advice. We are never taught or, better yet, shown how to look after our number one relationship in life, which is the relationship with one’s self.
Natalie Valdes, NIRVANA|It is said that love does not last, that it is just a momentary spell cast upon your soul by some higher power, or a small trick of the mind. If this were all true, there would be no story to tell.
John McAfee|For me, it's a real shock to see American mainstream films. I can't see these films because it's always the same thing to me. This is very American. Violence is very American, and I can't understand these films. Why do they use violence? To show what? Masculinity? To show fear? Defense? What are you showing with all this violence?
Theodore Zeldin|If you do a good job for others, you heal yourself at the same time, because a dose of joy is a spiritual cure. It transcends all barriers.
Nigel  Holloway, Second Death|Wars are times of intense technological transformation, because societies invest – sometimes with extensive borrowing – when and where matters of life and death are at stake.
John Charles Pollock, The Apostle: The Life of Paul|Disgust at idols strengthened his love for idolaters, and the man who once held Gentile neighbors at a distance now listened to their problems, fears, and temptations.
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|Age is a funny thing. So are appearances. Neither is relevant to what one knows, in my opinion.
John Krasinski|I am a bit of a bad boy. I have tattoos and I mess around. That's part of my image, so it's cool.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Unrequited love," I'd say. He'd look at me sideways in that cunning way he did and say, "what about it?" and I'd reply, "it's not your color." Pithy. Just to show him that I'd noticed. Or maybe I'd show myself to her and say, "Guess I'm not the only one who uses humans around here." And then I'd summon some of Owain's hounds to chew off the bottom bits of her legs. Then she wouldn't fit just right into his arms. She'd be too short. It'd be like hugging a midget. Nuala- pg. 75
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|I’m likely to stay here, pen in hand, until dusk comes and my writing melts into the twilight.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Only themselves understand themselves and the like of themselves,As souls only understand souls.
Dejan Stojanovic|Forget decorated generals, tell me about Private Ryan.
Andy Weir, The Martian|in other words, if you didn't count the empty wine bottles and the iced over urine flows, it was the outer space that surrounded us.
Monique Duval, The Persistence of Yellow: A Book of Recipes for Life|When undesirable and ugly addendum enters a man's life history, it become acceptable as part of the process of growing up.
Latika Teotia|Broken hearts behave in a million different ways- some of them are most unpredictable. More often than not such persons build walls around them and drive their loved ones crazy with their erratic behavior. Don’t give up on them at this time; it is now that they need you the most. Give them time and space. Then nurse them, mend their broken feathers and send them on their way fully recovered ready to face the world.
Noam Chomsky|Islam cannot have a significant presence in Australia if we are to live in an open, secular, and cohesive society. We have seen the destruction it is causing around the world.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Speak as educated nature suggests to you, and you will do well, but let it be educated and not raw, rude, uncultivated nature. Demosthenes took unbounded pains with his voice, and Cicero, who was naturally weak, made a long journey into Greece to correct his manner of speaking. With far nobler themes, let us not be less ambitious to excel.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|...a broken nation, under siege, divisible, without liberty and injustice for a lot...
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|But you were concerned about making sure things, you know, didn't get serious.""Yeah, because I'm an idiot.
M.A. George, Relativity|You can be intensely aggravating...” His expression struck me as closer to boredom than aggravation. “And somehow I suspect this isn’t the first time you’ve been told that.”“Nope,” I smiled mischievously. “Nor the last…
Mark Twain, The Prince and the Pauper|Yes, King Edward VI lived only a few years, poor boy, but he lived them worthily.
Rick Remender, Tokyo Ghost, Vol. 1: Atomic Garden|All these years! All this time with us -- have you learned nothing?!You only live by the grace of our clan's tenet of forgiveness!Your judgement is shit!Rectitude is the bone that gives firmness and stature. Without decency, neither talent nor learning can make the human frame into a samurai.
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|...joy we find when we realize God's deep desire to partner with everyday, normal people using their talents to do good.
BoRio|I had never seen her smile before. At least, not beyond the cursory upturn at the edges of her lips as we passed each other in the hallway. But now, her smile transformed her, as if she'd grown taller, or changed her hair color, or something. Her cheeks popped with dimples, her lips seemed redder and softer against the backdrop of her white teeth. Damn. She was cute.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|But how will I know who my Soulmate is?” Brida felt that this was one of the most important questions she had ever asked in her life. By taking risks’ she said to Brida. ‘ By risking failure, disappointment, disillusion, but never ceasing in you search for Love. As long as you keep looking, you will triumph in the end.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Stop blaming people for not helping you to solve your problems. The question is simple "are they the ones in the problem with you"? People may teach you, people may advise you, people may inspire you, but it takes YOU to go the extra mile and make an indelible impact!
T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome|Life is such unutterable hell, solely because it is sometimes beautiful. If we could only be miserable all the time, if there could be no such things as love or beauty or faith or hope, if I could be absolutely certain that my love would never be returned: how much more simple life would be. One could plod through the Siberian salt mines of existence without being bothered about happiness. Unfortunately the happiness is there. There is always the chance (about eight hundred and fifty to one) that another heart will come to mine. I can't help hoping, and keeping faith, and loving beauty. Quite frequently I am not so miserable as it would be wise to be.
Derrick Jensen, The Culture of Make Believe|I am in this same river. I can't much help it. I admit it: I'm racist. The other night I saw a group (or maybe a pack?) or white teenagers standing in a vacant lot, clustered around a 4x4, and I crossed the street to avoid them; had they been black, I probably would have taken another street entirely. And I'm misogynistic. I admit that, too. I'm a shitty cook, and a worse house cleaner, probably in great measure because I've internalized the notion that these are woman's work. Of course, I never admit that's why I don't do them: I always say I just don't much enjoy those activities (which is true enough; and it's true enough also that many women don't enjoy them either), and in any case, I've got better things to do, like write books and teach classes where I feel morally superior to pimps. And naturally I value money over life. Why else would I own a computer with a hard drive put together in Thailand by women dying of job-induced cancer? Why else would I own shirts mad in a sweatshop in Bangladesh, and shoes put together in Mexico? The truth is that, although many of my best friends are people of color (as the cliche goes), and other of my best friends are women, I am part of this river: I benefit from the exploitation of others, and I do not much want to sacrifice this privilege. I am, after all, civilized, and have gained a taste for "comforts and elegancies" which can be gained only through the coercion of slavery. The truth is that like most others who benefit from this deep and broad river, I would probably rather die (and maybe even kill, or better, have someone kill for me) than trade places with the men, women, and children who made my computer, my shirt, my shoes.
Armstrong Williams|Jesus didn't say, 'Blessed are those who care for the poor.' He said, 'Blessed are we where we are poor, where we are broken.' It is there that God loves us deeply and pulls us into deeper communion with himself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Great deeds begin in the mind,extraordinary deeds begin in the heart,and remarkable deeds begin in the soul.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|You do see me crossing the meadowstiff and dead from the mist?I long for that home,that home I've never had,and without any hopethat I'll ever be able to reach it.For such a home, never touched,I carry that longing that willnever die, like that meadow diesstiff and dead from the mist.You do see me crossing it, full of dread?
Marie Heaney, The Names Upon The Harp: Irish Myth And Legend|But in summer, welcoming summer, the rocks are soft-fledged with moss. The forest floor is bouncy with fresh shoots and enthusiastic blooms; the twisted angles of the branches are laced by bud and leaf.
Iris Murdoch, Nuns and Soldiers|We know summer is the height of of being alive. We don't believe in God or the prospect of an afterlife mostly, so we know that we're only given eighty summers or so per lifetime, and each one has to be better then the last, has to encompass a trip to that arts center up at Bard, a seemingly mellow game of badminton over at some yahoo's Vermont cottage, and a cool, wet, slightly dangerous kayak trip down an unforgiving river. Otherwise, how would you know that you have lived your summertime best? What is you missed out on some morsel of shaded nirvana?
Deyth Banger|Sacred solitude; reading, wondering and writing.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Give thanks to the earth for the hospitality and generosityShow gratitude for life, light and every little beauty.
Wael Ghonim, Revolution 2:0: A Memoir and Call to Action|The revolution has no leader, I said. It was more like a raging wild horse that would buck anyone who tried to mount it against its will.
|Only you can decide how far you get to travel in life. Therefore, you definitely owe it to your future self to be courageous and ambitious enough to strive and thrive without limitations.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Here have I come to die,' he said, 'and where else could I ask to die but in your arms?
Edward Hoagland|Silence is exhilarating at first - as noise is - but there is a sweetness to silence outlasting exhilaration, akin to the sweetness of listening and the velvet of sleep
Michael Gove|The history of the Internet is, in part, a series of opportunities missed: the major record labels let Apple take over the digital-music business; Blockbuster refused to buy Netflix for a mere fifty million dollars; Excite turned down the chance to acquire Google for less than a million dollars.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|New Rule: Americans have to come up with a better cheese to represent the nation than American cheese. I'm not even sure American cheese is cheese. I think it's aged Jell-O. And it doesn't need to be individually wrapped in plastic, either. You're thinking of condoms.
Kim   Wright|One of the difficult things about growing older is that you start losing so many friends. On the other hand, the older you get, the less time you have to wait until you see them again.
Megan Shepherd, The Secret Horses of Briar Hill|You and me, we look out for each other. But I will take care of you a little extra, because I am your person, and you will always be my special horse.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Always being truthful gives you a certain kind of freedom. It springs forth like a fountain splashing throughout your body until it floods your soul. To be honest and to be trustworthy are great attributes. Ah, the power, Ah, the freedom
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't show a friend your gift, or your bag of money if you still want to maintain your relationship, but if nay, go on, and all you'll see is hate and jealousy, and you'll fight with him in the street like a dog and all you'll feel is regret.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|There are three ways to take down a wild tusklan.The average hunter takes a large-bore weapon with which to shoot the animal. When it works, the method is quick and efficient. But if the first shot fails to hit a vital organ, the tusklan may be upon its attackerbfore a second shot can be aimed and fired.The wise hunter takes a smaller-bore weapon. The method is less likely to produce a first-shot kill, but the second, third, or fourth shot may succeed. However if the bore is to small, none of the shots will penetrate to vital points, and the tusklan will again triumph over its attacker.The subtle hunter takes no visible weapon at all. He instead induces a thousand sting flies to attack the tusklan from all sides. The method is slow, and destructive of the pelt. But in the end, the tusklan is dead. And dies never knowing where the attack came from.
Alan Bradley, I Am Half-Sick of Shadows|Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year - and yet, for all that, when it speaks, its voice has strong authority. 
Carla H. Krueger, From the Horse’s Mouth|Calm, gentle, passionless as he appeared, there was yet, we fear, a quiet depth of malice, hitherto latent, but active now, in this unfortunate old man, which led him to imagine a more intimate revenge than any mortal had ever wreaked upon an enemy.
Jonathan Haidt|Two forces pervade human life, the Gita says: the upward thrust of evolution and the downward pull of our evolutionary past.
Germany Kent|The beauty of being a woman, as the French say, "of a certain age", is that I can be invisible. Young people, both men and women, look right through me, unless I make the effort to be noticed.
Honor Harger|I wrote '('Til) I Kissed You' about a girl I met in Australia. Her name was Lilian, and she was very, very inspirational. I was married, but... I wrote the song about her on the way back home.
Debasish Mridha|To fill your world with happiness, fill your heart with happy thoughts.
Anonymous|The ecstasy of seeing her versus the agony of losing her, a million births and a million deaths.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|So…these Pillars of Hercules. Are they dangerous?”Annabeth stayed focused on the cliffs. “For Greeks, the pillars marked the end of the known world. The Romans said the pillars were inscribed with a Latin warning
John L. Parker Jr., Once a Runner|I used to play golf, but found it did not give me vitality because it's a slothful game...Nine holes of golf will take you one and a half, two hours. I run in 20 minutes, I feel better off. So the cost benefit made me drop golf.-Hard truths to keep Singapore going (2011)
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|Ask yourself these three questions, Tatiana Metanova, and you will know who you are. Ask: What do believe in? What do you hope for? What do you love?
Darlenne Susan Girard|Every thing's for sale out here. Anything you want. About the only thing you can't buy is my dignity and self-respect, cause those were the first to go. And I gave them away for free. - excerpt from: freefalling
Stephen Cambone|I can remember when I was National Security Adviser, the intelligence community told us... they put out an intelligence report saying that Iran would never back off from attacks on shipping in the Gulf if we use force.
Mugsy Peabody|Humans don’t just kill to survive. Sometimes, they kill out of rage. And they don’t just eat to survive; sometimes, they eat when their belly is already full. They are violent and greedy. They aren’t like any of the other beasts in the forest; they want to own it all.
Bob Ainsworth|The Dalai Lama. He is a very wise man of great inner peace who believes that happiness is the purpose of our lives. Through his teachings and leadership, he continues to make this world a better place in which to live.
Daniel Defoe|I had great Reason to consider it as a Determination of Heaven, that in this desolate Place, and in this desolate Manner I should end my life; the Tears would run plentifully down my Face when I made these Reflections, and sometimes I would expostulate with myself, Why Providence should thus compleately ruine its Creatures, and render them so absolutely miserable, so without Help abandon'd, so entirely depress'd, that it could be hardly rational to be thankful for such a Life.
Kady Hunt, Seven Cuts|The pain I feel from the razor blade doesn’t even come close to what I’m feeling inside so it’s useless because the equation is messed up: because razor blade pain should be equal to or greater than the heartache, that’s just CUTTING 101. And if it’s not—well you’re fucked, my friend. It was nice knowing you, but you know what time it is?It’s time to let to let the darkness in.Quid pro quo and all that.It’s time to find something more agonizing than the touch of the blade.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Gatsby believed in the green light, the orgastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that’s no matter—tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther. . . . And then one fine morning—So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
Nanamoli Thera|You look up for a moment and you're not sure which life is real. You've split yourself into so many honeycombed parts that they barely notice each other---all of them pacing, concurrently, parallel streams of though, and each one thinks of its self as me.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|In her novel Regeneration, Pat Barker writes of a doctor who 'knew only too well how often the early stages of change or cure may mimic deterioration. Cut a chrysalis open, and you will find a rotting caterpillar. What you will never find is that mythical creature, half caterpillar, half butterfly, a fit emblem of the human soul, for those whose cast of mind leads them to seek such emblems. No, the process of transformation consists almost entirely of decay.
Emma Straub, The Vacationers|As we got closer to Montauk, she seemed to grow younger, years of worry and work disappearing from her face. Her eyes turned the color of the sea.
Desiderius Erasmus|By nature, men love newfangledness.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself, learn to love yourself.
Hans Seyle|The biggest problem is that stress is above my life, as much I have more stress as more masturbate commmands me. I see it's pointless, it loses time, it's useless and so on and so on... but some how it's difficult to stop it!
Sarah Addison Allen, The Peach Keeper|Happiness is a risk. If you’re not a little scared, then you’re not doing it right.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Yes, fascism is a horrible storm, but the storm prepares his own death by receiving fatal wounds while hitting the things he is destroying!
Will Thomas, Some Danger Involved|Her hair was pulled back so severely, it would have won approval from the Spanish Inquisition as a method of torture.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Wonders amaze me. They can aim wanderlessly in any forest, be it of dark trees or lighted bushes. And apparently, as per what I’ve heard, they can buy stuff that’s on sale, but only if and when they feel wonderfully wonderful. Because otherwise they wouldn’t really be themselves, which would be a problem for them, because if they aren’t what they are - they can’t exist, and if they don’t exist – that makes them invisible and silent to all the wandering people, who may or may not be looking for them to sell themselves to.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Help me to keep my oilThat my lamp may not go off in the middle of the toilWhen all others have light in the nightHelp me to keep my oilThat I may keep vigil with all my mightAnd stay waiting for my King all the nightSaints! An hour is coming for His coming!Behold He comes!Behold with a reward!Jesus is coming again!Christ is appearing soon!Help me take enough oilSo I may walk through the night to give a good account of all my toilHelp me take enough oilSo my light shall keep brighten all day and all nightAnd when you come in the night, I may see you and you may see me!The night be long; the hour of Thy coming be unknown!Saints! An hour is coming for His coming!Behold He comes!Behold with a reward!Jesus is coming again!Christ is appearing soon!Make my lamp brighterWhen the night grows darkerSo my account of stewardship would smell betterTo attract a better reward from Thee my MasterFor I may not know when you shall appear in splendorThe night be long; the hour of Thy coming be unknown!Saints! An hour is coming for His coming!Behold He comes!Behold with a reward!Jesus is coming again!Christ is appearing soon!Help me to take extra oilThat I may not get lost when the night grows darkerAnd my lamp goes dimmerAnd when though my lamp grows dimmerFuel it for me oh my SaviorFor you alone a hold; for in you alone I trust!Saints! An hour is coming for His coming!Behold He comes!Behold with a reward!Jesus is coming again!Christ is appearing soon!
Tiger Shroff|Dad told me that before I was born, he would put my mom's stomach up to the speaker and play Led Zeppelin.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Why had he committed this terrible sin? Everything in the world was insignificant compared to what he had lost. Everything in the world is insignificant compared to the truth and purity of one small man – even the empire stretching from the Black Sea to the Pacific Ocean, even science itself.Then he realized that it still wasn't too late. He still had the strength to lift up his head, to remain his mother's son.And he wasn't going to try to console himself or justify what he had done. He wanted this mean, cowardly act to stand all his life as a reproach; day and night it would be something to bring him back to himself. No, no, no! He didn't want to strive to be a hero – and then preen himself over his courage.Every hour, every day, year in, year out, he must struggle to be a man, struggle for his right to be pure and kind. He must do this with humility. And if it came to it, he mustn't be afraid even of death; even then he must remain a man.'Well then, we'll see,' he said to himself. 'Maybe I do have enough strength. Your strength, Mother...
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Mephistopheles: Within the bowels of these elements,Where we are tortured and remain forever.Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribedIn one self place, for where we are is hell,And where hell is must we ever be.And, to conclude, when all the world dissolves,And every creature shall be purified,All places shall be hell that is not heaven.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|The college bookstore was a splash of life, culture, and society. As a psychology student, I often found myself intrigued by the behavior, ways of thinking and feeling, and general schemata of others, and this was the perfect spot to engage my senses.Other times, I was just annoyed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God’s forgiveness is not just a casual statement; it is the complete blotting out of all dirt and degradation of our past, present, and future.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|It all comes back. Perhaps it is difficult to see the value in having one's self back in that kind of mood, but I do see it; I think we are well advised to keep on nodding terms with the people we used to be, whether we find them attractive company or not. Otherwise they turn up unannounced and surprise us, come hammering on the mind's door at 4 a.m. of a bad night and demand to know who deserted them, who betrayed them, who is going to make amends. We forget all too soon the things we thought we could never forget. We forget the loves and the betrayals alike, forget what we whispered and what we screamed, forget who we were. I have already lost touch with a couple of people I used to be; one of them, a seventeen-year-old, presents little threat, although it would be of some interest to me to know again what it feels like to sit on a river levee drinking vodka-and-orange-juice and listening to Les Paul and Mary Ford and their echoes sing "How High the Moon" on the car radio. (You see I still have the scenes, but I no longer perceive myself among those present, no longer could ever improvise the dialogue.) The other one, a twenty-three-year-old, bothers me more. She was always a good deal of trouble, and I suspect she will reappear when I least want to see her, skirts too long, shy to the point of aggravation, always the injured party, full of recriminations and little hurts and stories I do not want to hear again, at once saddening me and angering me with her vulnerability and ignorance, an apparition all the more insistent for being so long banished. It is a good idea, then, to keep in touch, and I suppose that keeping in touch is what notebooks are all about. And we are all on our own when it comes to keeping those lines open to ourselves: your notebook will never help me, nor mine you.
Elizabeth Bevarly, The Thing About Men|Promises are like assholes," Elsbeth pipes up. "They stink when you put your nose in them.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, With Burning Hearts: A Meditation on the Eucharistic Life|This cry for mercy is possible only when we are willing to confess that somehow, somewhere, we ourselves have something to do with our losses. Crying for mercy is a recognition that blaming God, the world, or others for our losses does not do full justice to the truth of who we are. At the moment we are willing to take responsibility, even for the pain we didn't cause directly, blaming is connected into an acknowledgement of our own role in human brokenness. The prayer for God's mercy comes from a heart that knows that this human brokenness is not a fatal condition of which we have become the sad victims, but the bitter fruit of the human choice to say "No" to love.
Jack Spicer, The House That Jack Built: The Collected Lectures|And I think that it is certainly possible that the objective universe can be affected by the poet. I mean, you recall Orpheus made the trees and the stones dance and so forth, and this is something which is in almost all primitive cultures. I think it has some definite basis to it. I'm not sure what. It's like telekinesis, which I know very well on a pinball machine is perfectly possible.
Stacy Schiff|Of the twenty-two civilizations that have appeared in history, nineteen of them collapsed when they reached the moral state the United States is in now.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Opportunity is not a rock, it is a bird! You either catch it or you miss it!
Marty Rubin|One learns by doing, not by learning to do.
Vishwas Chavan|Cleanliness beings with purity of your own mind, thoughts and heart.
Nikki Rowe|Sometimes all it takes is a little watering everyday and a sunny day to follow, that's how weeds become flowers and new dawns rise - why would it be any less then for a human life?
Philip Kerr|We do need a return to individual integrity, self-reliance, and old-fashioned gumption. We really do.
Chip Ingram, Spiritual Simplicity: How Loving More Means Doing Less|If you simplify your life, quit chasing the wind, and be quiet before Him, He'll show up.
Rotik the marathi rapper|Not afraid to die , but not the fear of death
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|The man who refuses to judge, who neither agrees nor disagrees, who declares that there are no absolutes and believes that he escapes responsibility, is the man responsible for all the blood that is now spilled in the world. Reality is an absolute, existence is an absolute, a speck of dust is an absolute and so is a human life. Whether you live or die is an absolute. Whether you have a piece of bread or not, is an absolute. Whether you eat your bread or see it vanish into a looter's stomach, is an absolute.There are two sides to every issue: one side is right and the other is wrong, but the middle is always evil. The man who is wrong still retains some respect for truth, if only by accepting the responsibility of choice. But the man in the middle is the knave who blanks out the truth in order to pretend that no choice or values exist, who is willing to sit out the course of any battle, willing to cash in on the blood of the innocent or to crawl on his belly to the guilty, who dispenses justice by condemning both the robber and the robbed to jail, who solves conflicts by ordering the thinker and the fool to meet each other halfway. In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit. In that transfusion of blood which drains the good to feed the evil, the compromise is the transmitting rubber tube.
Chris Coppernoll, A Beautiful Fall|Community, community, community. It's ALL about community. That's the explanation of why it pains us when we find ourselves isolated from others. That's the reason why it hurts to say good-bye to those we love........ Nothing you purchase can replace community with your friends, family or God. No position at work can fill the void. Wealth can't take its place, and fame won't make any difference.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|Time changes things; rather, a person's action over the passage of time changes things.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|If virtue does not equal powers, powers will be misused.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|Our body is simply a vehicle for our soul. But if we want our soul to travel in style, we must take good care of our body.
Karen Harper, The First Princess of Wales|Thomas, says there are no real dragons. Only they are in your head, he says.""Thomas is right, my love, so do not be afraid of the dark.""But they are in my head sometimes, so I guess they are real.
Tessa Vanluchene|Silence allows people to put thoughts into words. Some people might need several minutes to put thoughts into words. Silence may indicate the person is reflecting on experiences, and he or she may just need time to process.
Richard Branson|I don't create companies for the sake of creating companies, but to get things done.
George MacDonald, A Dish of Orts|If we speak of direct means for the culture of the imagination, the whole is comprised in two words--food and exercise.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|O, wonder!How many goodly creatures are there here!How beauteous mankind is! O brave new world,That has such people in't!
Janny Wurts, Initiate's Trial|This is my present, also yours, free to choose. I am here at your side, alive, and no ghost. Let beauty and care forge the weapons tonight.
John Green, Paper Towns|We don't suffer from a shortage of metaphors, is what I mean. But you have to be careful which metaphor you choose, because it matters.
Terre Thaemlitz, Nuisance - Writings on identity jamming & digital audio production|As every good marxist already knows, the ideological shift toward a terminally optimistic humanism was vital to the rise of bourgeoisie, and the decline of aristocracy.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|What are you going to do? "Can't say - run for president, write -" "Greenwich Village?" "Good heavens, no - I said write - not drink.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|It is wisdom to recognize necessity when all other courses have been weighed, though as folly it may appear to those who cling to false hope.
Shawnee Smith|Humor is a serious thing. I like to think of it as one of our greatest earliest natural resources, which must be preserved at all cost.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Know that EVERYTHING in Life has purpose. There are no accidents, no coincidences, EVERY moment is a blessing given for our Spiritual benefit and learning.
Abhijit V. Banerjee, Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty|the parts of the brain corresponding to the limbic system (thought to respond only to more visceral, immediate rewards) were activated only when the decision involved comparing a reward today with one in the future. In contrast, the lateral prefrontal cortex (a more “calculating” part of the brain) responded with a similar intensity to all decisions, regardless of the timing of the options. Brains that work like this would produce a lot of failed good intentions. And indeed, we do see a lot of those, from New Year’s resolutions to gym memberships that lie unused.
Jun'ichirō Tanizaki|We find beauty not in the thing itself but in the patterns of shadows, the light and the darkness, that one thing against another creates.
Kaley Cuoco|My whole family actually, but my parents. I had such a normal and amazing childhood. I've been so lucky. My parents are cool and normal. They don't talk about the business and I still have stuff to do at their house.
Peter Carey|Back in school, there was this guy who had a huge crush on me. One day, when he mustered the courage to propose to me on a Rose Day, my friends burst out laughing right in front of him. I'm sure we all have had such experiences, and I've had crushes in the past. Right now, all I can think about is my films and deliver my best.
Lloyd Jones, Mister Pip|For six days I didn’t get up except to make a cup of tea, or fry an egg, or lie in the skinny bath gazing at a cracked ceiling. The days punished me with their slowness, piling up the hours on me, spreading their joylessness about the room.A doctor would have said I was suffering from depression. Everything I have read since suggests this was the case. But when you are in the grip of something like that it doesn’t usefully announce itself. No. what happens is you sit in a dark, dark cave, and you wait. If you are lucky there is a pinprick of light, and if you are especially lucky that pinprick will grow larger and larger, until one day the cave appears to slip behind, and just like that you find yourself in daylight and free. This is how it happened for me.
Ginnifer Goodwin|There's a long life ahead of you and it's going to be beautiful, as long as you keep loving and hugging each other.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Dewey sent him, I thought, when I saw those eyes.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2: Preparing for God's Paradise|If you lose God's paradise in Heaven, then you never existed.
Tatyana Tolstaya, The Slynx|To one who loves birds, morning always wakes up singing.
Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|And so, as the mob backs away to give them space... as the riot police holster their weapons, standing down, and as Risa takes the podium, calming the crowd with a voice as soothing as a sonata, Connor Lassiter holds his family like he'll never let them go.
José Saramago|Some people would say- you're only a drop, your word-breaking is only a drop, it wouldn't matter. But all the evil in the world's made up of little drops. It's silly talking about the unimportance of the little drops. The little drops and the ocean are the same thing.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|Most people today couldn't tell a bombardier from a brigadier" - said during a lecture in aid of the Army Benevolent Fund in 2009
Celine Kiernan|(on teaching writing) So many writers come to class with one question dominant in their mind, 'How do I make a living from this?' It's a fair enough question and one I always try to answer well - but it saddens me that it so often overshadows the more relevant questions of 'why am I writing' and 'what am I saying' and 'how do I keep it honest.
Kamand Kojouri|I know you not quite wellYet I foolishly surrender my mind to you. Slowly and carefully you have cast a spellNow my virgin heart only longs for you. There is no need to push, I am already falling. Once proudly tall, I’m no longer standing. Knowing well that I am doomed to misery,I will roll the dice and take delight in my suffering.
Paul Thomas Anderson|Making people laugh is giving, and it's healing, too, when people can go up to the movies and forget about their problems. It's a good thing. That's why I want to work.
Scott McClellan, What Happened: Inside the Bush White House and Washington's Culture of Deception|We go on in her room, where we like to set. I get up in the big chair and she get up on me and smile, bounce a little. "Tell me bout the brown wrapping. And the present." She so excited, she squirming. She has to jump off my lap, squirm a little to get it out. Then she crawl back up. That's her favorite story cause when I tell it, she get two presents. I take the brown wrapping from my Piggly Wiggly grocery bag and wrap up a little something, like piece a candy, inside. Then I use the white paper from my Cole's Drug Store bag and wrap another one just like it. She take it real serious, the unwrapping, letting me tell the story bout how it ain't the color a the wrapping that count, it's what we is inside.
William D. Burt|The greatest help oft comes in harm's disguise, to those with trusting hearts and open eyes.
Joan Aiken, Best New Horror 23|So, we're not enemies anymore?" She said. "I never said I wanted to be, believe me. When I saw you sitting in your own, eating lunch, all I wanted to do was fool around and make you smile." He shot her a shy glance.
M.F. Moonzajer|You can’t dream, if you don’t sleep.
Ann Aguirre, Horde|We enslave in the manner we talk to ourselves. But the truth is, God already set us free. He secured our release. To constantly hurt ourselves, resting in our inadequacy, is to call Him a LIAR.
Dylan Lauren|I've read that the ancient Chinese art of feng shui can bring a sense of peace, well-being, and positive energy to a home - same as beer.
Lionel Suggs|Power is the gem of necessity. Without observing power, identity remains undiscovered.
Russell Tovey|My dad never decided what he wanted to do; at times he fought in the army, was a teacher, a boxer, a light engineer, and a then a publican. My mum was a traditional housewife and mother. They showed my brother and I unconditional love.
Doug Stanhope|Oh, most unhappy man,' he cried, 'try to be happy! You have red hair like your sister.'My red hair, like red flames, shall burn up the world,' said Gregory.
C. JoyBell C.|No man was born in chains; it is their fellow man who has put them in chains, and at any given time, every single man and woman has the absolute right to break free from those chains of any nature and of any form! It is not God who has put you in any sort of bondage! It is your fellow man who puts you in bondage in the name of God!
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|Though she had been surprised to find that murder was so thoroughly enjoyable, Mrs Bennet did not believe that this reflected any fault or wickedness in her character. She knew she only committed these acts tosecure the future well-being of her daughters. Naturally, she would be able to stop killing once her daughters had husbands and there was no further use for such bloodthirsty deeds. Indeed, she felt adamant that she only enjoyed the planning and execution of such matters because her daughters had not been so good as to provide her with wedding preparations to occupy her active mind.
Carine Roitfeld|I have a charity called the Chain Of Hope, where we target children from poor areas where heart surgery is not available, and we offer our services.
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Lies|Have you ever had a moment in time when it felt like it moved in slow motion? As if a split second felt like an hour because your mind cannot seem to process in the instant it’s supposed to, and the moment implodes on itself so you can barely breathe, and everything feels like a dream. A slow, heart-wrenching, time-freezing, dream.Well, this was one of those moments for me.
Brian Rathbone, Call of the Herald|This life is but a brief tenure, one of many perspectives a spirit must experience in the quest for eternity.
Cath Crowley|I love nine hundred and ninety nine facial expressions of Jemma Garner, none of them is sad look.
William Blake|The following Discourse [on art, by Sir Joshua Reynolds] is particularly Interesting to Blockheads as it endeavours to prove that There is No such thing as Inspiration & that any Man of a plain Understanding may by Thieving from Others become a Mich Angelo.
Zig Ziglar|Lead yourself whenever your boss' leadership deteriorates. When your boss doesn't praise what you do, praise yourself. When your boss doesn't make you big, make yourself big. Remember, if you have done your best, failure does not count.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Many people think that the theory of the selfish gene says that “animals try to spread their genes.” That misstates the facts and it misstates the theory. Animals, including most people, know nothing about genetics and care even less. People love their children not because they want to spread their genes (consciously or unconsciously) but because they can’t help it. That love makes them try to keep their children warm, fed, and safe. What is selfish is not the real motives of the person but the metaphorical motives of the genes that built the person. Genes “try” to spread themselves by wiring animals’ brains so the animals love their kin and try to keep warm, fed, and safe.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Some of the world's biggest challenges can be solved by some of the world's most marginalized communities themselves. The moment you inject information, education, and an entrepreneurial spark in a community, it gets empowered enough to inspire, build, and uplift itself.
Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Chef: The Simple Path to Cooking Like a Pro, Learning Anything, and Living the Good Life|It is possible to become world-class, enter the top 5% of performers in the world, in almost any subject within 6-12 months, or even 6-12 weeks.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|No matter who you are, everyone has a shadow; a constant darkness that follows them wherever they go…unless where you go is into the darkness itself, of course, because then you have already been consumed.
Anthony Pan|It is good to have a dream, as long as the dream does not have you.
Edward Cline, Hugh Kenrick|I have lived long enough to see real, significant changes made for the good...and I have been fortunate enough to have participated in some of them...One person can make a difference!(Father Ted Hesburgh, C.S.C., quoted in our book, God's Icebreaker by Jill A. Boughton and Julie Walters)
Nikki Rowe|For as long as I write, I will never be lost.
Sam Kean, The Tale of the Dueling Neurosurgeons: The History of the Human Brain as Revealed by True Stories of Trauma, Madness, and Recovery|I want to affect people like a clap of thunder, to inflame their minds with the breadth of my vision, the strength of my conviction and the power of my expression.
Stephen Hawking|I believe the simplest explanation is, there is no God. No one created the universe and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization that there probably is no heaven and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe and for that, I am extremely grateful.
Ally Condie, Matched|And the seventh rule is if this is your first night at fight club, you have to fight.
John Ruskin|Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Dill said striking a match under a turtle was hateful."Ain't hateful, just persuades him- 's not like you'd chunk him in the fire," Jem growled."How do you know a match don't hurt him?""Turtles can't feel , stupid," said Jem."Were you ever a turtle, huh?
Rod Serling|As long as they talk about you, you're not really dead, as long as they speak your name, you continue. A legend doesn't die, just because the man dies.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Never abandon your personal message. No matter what comes your way, remain dedicated to that which you hold close to your heart
Jared Stone, Year of the Cow: How 420 Pounds of Beef Built a Better Life for One American Family|The white-hot singularity at the core of the Machine is – ultimately - a fear of death. It's the inevitability of a journey's end and the threat of a question nobody can honestly answer: what does it mean to make the most of a life? How can you tell that you've spent your time well? There is no metric, no answer key at the back of the book. It's a question that I think everyone had to answer for themselves, and hold tight onto that answer with both hands.
Dick Francis, Whip Hand|Winning isn't about finishing in first place. It isn't about beating the others. It is about overcoming yourself. Overcoming your body, your limitations, and your fears. Winning means surpassing yourself and turning your dreams into reality.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|World is a divine play. At the beginning and at the end, we are the same.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|You know the story.” The Nalnom rotated his hand in the air as if she should recall it.	“I don’t. I’ve never heard the story.”	Joshlon summarized it for her. “Prometheus was turned into a dragon by his angry lover, Naradite. She refused to turn him back into his manly form. He became the first fire-breathing dragon—Naga the Terrible.”	Eena dropped her lower jaw. “What?”	“Naradite turned Prometheus into a dragon,” Joshlon repeated. “Naga.”	“And Prometheus is Edgar’s father?” She was sure the surrounding stares were the result of her virtually shouting out the question.	Joshlon answered with some hesitance in his voice. “I don’t know who Edgar is, but Edgarmetheus was supposedly the son of Prometheus, the illegitimate child of him and his lover, Naradi
Marcha A. Fox, A Psilent Place Below|He looked down at the mask hanging around his neck. So simple a lie, and he could walk freely throughout the world.But would he then be trapped within the web of his own deception? What freedom could he find in denying the truth about himself?
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I'll be your family now," he says. "I love you," I say. (....)He stares at me. I wait with my hands clutching his arms for stability as he considers his response. He frowns at me. "Say it again.""Tobias," I say, "I love you.
Judith McNaught, Almost Heaven|If you would take one step forward, darling, you could cry in my arms. And while you do, I'll tell you how sorry I am for everything I've done -" Unable to wait, Ian caught her, pulling her tightly against him. "And when I'm finished," he whispered hoarsely as she wrapped her arms around him and wept brokenly, "you can help me find a way to forgive myself."Tortured by her tears, he clasped her tighter and rubbed his jaw against her temple, his voice a ravaged whisper: "I'm sorry," he told her. He cupped her face between his palms, tipping it up and gazing into her eyes, his thumbs moving over her wet cheeks. "I'm sorry." Slowly, he bent his head, covering her mouth with his. "I'm so damned sorry.
Eric Weiner, The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley|Your fancy alien train is broken?""My fancy alien material transfer system has been sitting unused for over a billion years and half the planet just exploded. Your ship was built less than a decade ago and you can barely keep the coffee pot running.”“You are a sad, bitter little man.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The thing about past love is that they exist, only in your fantasy as a fantasy.
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|The soldier in the portrait had been a respected and admired officer...The man he had become was fighting a different battle now. He had his demons, just as she had her ghosts.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are not afraid of the dark, the darkness will start being afraid of you!
Theresa Pecku-Laryea, Hannah's Song|It’s the simplest things in your life that help you achieve the greatest BLESSINGS. None of those things cost you, yet they can bring abundant reward. Faith, honesty and good manners will take you places and assist you in obtaining things that money NEVER will.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Don’t answer every critic. Sometimes, the answers you give may be right but misconceived and misunderstood.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|I had never considered that you might miss a job like you missed a limb -- a constant, reflexive thing. I hadn't thought as well as the obvious fears about money, and your future, losing your job would make you feel inadequate, and a bit useless. That it would be harder to get up in the morning than you were rudely shocked in to consciousness by the alarm. That you might missed the people you worked with, no matter how little you had in common with them.
Guy Laliberte|Money is a good thing, but every morning you have to get up with something no one else in the world gets up with - that's that image. That face you see in the mirror, you got to love it, and you better do some things that you feel good about inside of you. Of course, money is going to come, but make certain that you do some good with it.
Samuel Goldwyn|When I hear theists and atheists pontificating on how they know God does or does not exist, I can only smile at the irrationality and, yes, vanity of the notion.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Learn about the true powers of your heart, it’s not just pulsing blood throughout your entire body, but also communicating with every cell including those of your mind.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Time is the raw material from which products are made, when products are sold, money is made.
Elizabeth J. Kolodziej|A piercing screech from above caught my attention. However, it was the arm landing beside me with teeth marks that let me know what was going on. “Can you be a little more careful where you let body parts fall?”- Faith, Witch Devotions
Mercedes Lackey, Bastion|Why, you mean you didn't get abducted and dragged across country purely to make us a story for us to chew over endlessly?" asked Pip, tossing his shock of tow-colored hair indignantly. "The nerve!
Michelangelo Buonarroti|The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low, and achieving our mark.
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection|Creativity is making regret free mistakes, Wisdom is knowing which ones have value
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Whoever came up with the idea that "nice guys finish last" must have been either very jaded or downright malicious. Why would a caring, emotionally healthy human being ever think that being “un-nice” is a virtue? Anyone who wants to get ahead in life and have quality outcomes needs to understand that kindness is a strength. You will move forward faster by making friends rather than foes.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|One could be happy not only without love, but despite it.
David Allan Coe|Under Tunisian law, a woman can divorce her husband. Total equality.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every sacred soul must walk and keep the way of God in the wilderness for years, to begin the sacred writings.
Debasish Mridha|It is not the beauty of nature, but it is our dream-filled actions that create our futures.
Carl Sandburg|Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Sarah Perry, Every Cradle is a Grave: Rethinking the Ethics of Birth and Suicide|Nehemia was gone. That vibrant, fierce, loving soul; the princess who had been called the Light of Eyllwe; the woman who had been a beacon of hope—just like that, as if she were no more than a wisp of candlelight, she was gone.When it had mattered most Celaena hadn't been there.Nehemia was gone.
Rick Riordan|The only way I could get comfortable around people was to make them laugh. I was an obedient girl, and humor was my one form of rebellion. I used comedy to deflect. Like, 'Hey, check out my zit!' - you know, making fun of yourself before someone else has a chance to.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Any pride or haughtiness, is displeasing to us, merely because it shocks our own pride, and leads us by sympathy into comparison, which causes the disagreeable passion of humility.
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|Dear newlywed wife, somebody out there is determined to shape your view of intimacy and marriage. You get to choose who will shape your opinion; the Author of marriage or offended humans?
Amanda Bonilla, When Shadows Call|Rachel knew what she was doing. And when she didn't, she could improvise on the fly, coming up with options that left a lot of collateral damage but usually only hurt herself, not the people around her. It was one of the things he would never admit that he admired about her.
Pat Spence - Blue Moon|Gazing into his eyes, I was lost in their intensity. It was like looking into the bluest sky and carrying on to infinity. I felt mesmerised, hypnotised and transfixed all at once.
T.H. White, Ghostly, Grim and Gruesome|Henry,that's how you get rid of fleas. You keep them from laying eggs. You go to war with them.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|When graves are covered with stones, the dead can no longer get out. But the dead can’t go out anyway! What difference does it make whether they’re covered with soil or stones?
Morrie Schwartz|The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and to let it come in.2.	Forgive yourself before you die. Then forgive others.3.	Death ends a life, not a relationship.4.	Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live.5.	Sometimes you cannot believe what you see, you have to believe what you feel. And if you are ever going to have other people trust you, you must feel that you can trust them too-even when you are in the dark. Even when you're falling.6.	As you grow old, you learn more. If you stayed at twenty-two, you'd always be as ignorant as you were at twenty-two. Aging is not just decay, you know. It's growth. It's more than the negative that you're going to die, its also the positive that you understand you're going to die, and that you live a better life because of it.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|There's always a moment when you start to fall out of love, whether it's with a person or an idea or a cause, even if it's one you only narrate to yourself years after the event: a tiny thing, a wrong word, a false note, which means that things can never be quite the same again.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|As we move away from the old role in which we were helplessly entrapped as a victim, we make friends with the people who affirm us. Their enthusiasm about us mirrors the positive experience we are having.
Sydney J. Harris|At it's highest level, the purpose of teaching is not to teach—it is to inspire the desire for learning. Once a student's mind is set on fire, it will find a way to provide its own fuel.
Ernest Holmes, The Science of Mind|The latent abundance of your inner most resources matter less. What matters most is the impact you can make with your inner resources and the distinctive footprints you can leave with what is within you. The excuse not to dare is there for everybody. When you see so many people crowded at the entrance, think of the roofing and if the roofing is too high, think of the next door and if the next door is not penetrable, create a door within the wall.
Jodi Picoult, The Pact|I love you," he whispered, and that was the moment he knew what he was going to do. When you loved someone, you put their needs before your own. No matter how inconceivable those needs were; no matter how fucked up; no matter how much it made you feel like you were ripping yourself into pieces.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|His words saddened them greatly, though they couldn't say why.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|One source of frustration in the workplace is the frequent mismatch between what people must do and whatpeople can do. When what they must do exceeds their capabilities, the result is anxiety. When what they must do falls short of their capabilities,the result is boredom. But when thematch is just right, the results can be glorious. This is the essence of flow.
Mehmet Murat ildan|One face of the cloud sees the sun, other face of the cloud sees the darkness! To survive in this universe, you must do the same! See the sun, see the darkness! Enjoy the life, but prepare for the worst as well!
A.N. Jones|Perhaps when I first arrived on this world so long ago I may have known more. Now, though, I do not have knowledge of as much as I used to. The years, many of them, have changed this world and the great societies flourish with change. Although I feel nothing but pride for this, I am saddened as well. For as the changes occur my knowledge of this world dwindles. As such, I seek to learn, to regain that which I have lost. Do you now understand?" ~ except from "Raging Land", book 2 of 3 in the "Patrons of Earth" Trilogy by A. N. Jones (quote is subject to change)
Louise Brown, The Dancing Girls of Lahore: Selling Love and Saving Dreams in Pakistan's Pleasure District|And the next day the gondolier came with a train of other gondoliers, all decked in their holiday garb, and on his gondola sat Angela, happy, and blushing at her happiness. Then he and she entered the house in which I dwelt, and came into my room (and it was strange indeed, after so many years of inversion, to see her with her head above her feet!), and then she wished me happiness and a speedy restoration to good health (which could never be); and I in broken words and with tears in my eyes, gave her the little silver crucifix that had stood by my bed or my table for so many years. And Angela took it reverently, and crossed herself, and kissed it, and so departed with her delighted husband.And as I heard the song of the gondoliers as they went their way--the song dying away in the distance as the shadows of the sundown closed around me--I felt that they were singing the requiem of the only love that had ever entered my heart.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|Takes a lot of tries before you hit perfection." He paused to reconsider that. "Well, except for my parents. They got it on the first try." (Adrian)
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|I believe in the power of love, and planting positive thought seeds into the collective consciousness.
Confucius, The Analects|The porpoises and whale themselves, in their quests for entertainment, often created problems. One summer a fashion developed in the training tanks (I think Keiki started it) for leaning out over the tank wall and seeing how far you could balance without falling out. Several animals might be teetering on the tank edge at one time, and sometimes one or another did fall out. Nothing much happened to them, except maybe a cut or a scrape from the gravel around the tanks; but of course we had to run and pick them up and put them back in. Not a serious problem, if the animal that fell out was small, but if it was a 400-pound adult bottlenose, you had to find four strong people to get him back, and when it happened over and over again, the people got cross. We feared too, that some animal would fall out at night or when no one was around and dry out, overheat, and die. We yelled at the porpoises, and rushed over and pushed them back in when we saw them teetering, but that just seemed to add to the enjoyment of what I'm sure the porpoises thoguht of as a hilariously funny game. Fortunately they eventually tired of it by themselves.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|Of course women's walking is often construed as performance rather than transport, with the implication that women walk not to see but to be seen, not for their own experience but for that of a male audience, which means that they are asking for whatever attention they receive.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|(In reply to the question, 'Would you like some suggestions for a plot for your next book?')There are three problems with getting plot suggestions from other people. The first is that ideas are the easy part of writing; finding the time and energy to get them down on paper is the hard part. I have plenty of ideas already. Which brings me to the second problem: the ideas that excite you, the ones you think would make a terrific book, are not necessarily the same ideas that excite me. And if a writer isn't excited about an idea, she generally doesn't turn out a terrific book, even if the idea is terrific. And the third problem with my using your suggestions is that, theoretically, you could sue me if I did, and that tends to make publishers nervous, which makes it hard to sell a book. So thank you, but no.
Alastair Reynolds, Thousandth Night / Minla's Flowers|Oh, Creator! Can monsters exist in the sight of him who alone knows how they were invented, how they invented themselves, and how they might not have invented themselves?
Starla Huchton, Shadows on Snow|We all eventually find that life is a series of adjustments, but anything can be overcome when there is love around you. Once can be strong on their own, but there is greater strength in knowing when to rely on others.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|The world is full of love stories, and all lovers are in a sense the avatars of their predecessors.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Tris," he says. "What did they do to you? You're acting like a lunatic.""That's not very nice of you to say," I say. "They put me in a good mood, that's all. And now I really want to kiss you, so if you could just relax-
Nayyirah Waheed|if the ocean can calm itself, so can you.we are both salt water mixed with air.
Reuven Rivlin|For 25 years, it has been my privilege to represent the city of San Francisco and the great state of California; to work to strengthen our vibrant middle class; to secure opportunity and equality.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The self-centered man will always expect nothing but praise. He will hope and expect all incoming criticism to be mere self-projection from the critic because when you're self-centered, self-projection is all you can imagine one can do.
Jack White|When I write a song, I always start on acoustic guitar, because that's a good test of a song, when it's really open and bare. You can often mislead yourself if you start with computers and samples and programming because you can disguise a bad song.
Munindra Misra, PT. Kanhaiya Lal Misra - My Father|But science can only be created by those who are thoroughly imbued with the aspiration toward truth and understanding. This source of feeling, however, springs from the sphere of religion. To this there also belongs the faith in the possibility that the regulations valid for the world of existence are rational, that is, comprehensible to reason. I cannot conceive of a genuine scientist without that profound faith. The situation may be expressed by an image: science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|No two readers can or will ever read the same book, because the reader builds the book in collaboration with the author.
George Orwell, 1984|Suddenly, by the sort of violent effort with which one wrenches one's head away from the pillow in a nightmare, Winston succeeded in transferring his hatred from the face on the screen to the dark−haired girl behind him. Vivid, beautiful hallucinations flashed through his mind. He would flog her to death with a rubber truncheon. He would tie her naked to a stake and shoot her full of arrows like Saint Sebastian. He would ravish her and cut her throat at the moment of climax. Better than before, moreover, he realized why it was that he hated her. He hated her because she was young and pretty and sexless, because he wanted to go to bed with her and would never do so, because round her sweet supple waist, which seemed to ask you to encircle it with your arm, there was only the odious scarlet sash, aggressive symbol of chastity.
Tana French, Faithful Place|Was it possible this one would be a son too? She hoped so, but not because she favored men. Her husband modeled the seriousness, the stoicism, that she hoped her sons would inherit, but she had nothing to teach a daughter. She could teach her to dream—say, to be a painter, as she herself had been trained—and then teach her to let it go. Teach her to cloister herself in dark hallways, admiring how the light fell through the rice-paper doors while knowing that there was no point in putting it on canvas.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Sometimes doesn't mean behaving nice, means you will got the same answer, it never means that everything done in positive = returns positive.... sometimes comes and negative.
Jonathan Edwards, The Works of Jonathan Edwards, Vol. 16: Letters and Personal Writings|One of these grand defects, as I humbly conceive, is this, that children are habituated to learning without understanding.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|Durum semolina, golden wheat wafting in Italian fields. Can you imagine how astonished the Italians would be if they knew that what they were exporting in 1971 was really loneliness
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One of life’s mysteries is why two children growing up in the same home sometimes take radically different paths—one following Christ, the other rebellious and scornful. Yet it happens.
Balroop Singh|If you think that you gonna survive with this emotions... better stay home... there you are safe... if you expose too much of this emotions... soona people will use this as weakness.......If you can do something...Start as "I ignore myself on basic emotions..."...
Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow|Mirror Mirror on the Wall,Who's fairest of them all?I'm Mona Lisa and She is plain,But the truth is - we all are Vain.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our youth are desperately searching for purpose and meaning in their lives. They are searching for fulfillment . . . I believe that a return to biblical conversion, faith, and conviction would have a great impact in our day.
Pope Francis|It is our job above all in politics to tackle the big issues and to explain them, and have the honesty to say to people, 'There are no easy solutions here.'
Maz Jobrani|Your competition is not other people but the time you kill, the ill will you create, the knowledge you neglect to learn, the connections you fail to build, the health you sacrifice along the path, your inability to generate ideas, the people around you who don't support and love your efforts, and whatever god you curse for your bad luck.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|Now there's something I understand a little better. Hate, sadness, even joy. to be able to share it with another person...Naruto Uzumaki from fighting him i learned that. he knew pain like i did and then he taught me that you can change your path. I wish that one day i can be needed by someone. Not as a frightening weapon...But as the sand's Kazekage.
Garth Nix, Clariel|Not only did he unleash his emotions through rivers of tears, but for several days he denied his body food so he could pray and seek the God of heaven.
Astrid Amara, Half Pass|He was like a lot of Warmbloods, massive and showy and a bit of a dumb jock...
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|I fear that I bore you with these details, but I have to let you see my little difficulties, if you are to understand the situation.
Behnam Rajabpoor|Stop Feeling Sorry For Yourself".
Frank Zappa|The rock and roll business is pretty absurd, but the world of serious music is much worse.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Our greatest hope does not rest in the death of suffering. Neither does our help lie in us having a full and perfect life, with no pain, no brokenness, and no Lyme disease. Instead our hope lies in God and we hope in the fact that this is our temporary home and our forever home with Him in Heaven is perfect. This hope- this beautiful and living hope (I Peter 1:3-4) is for the future but also gives us hope for our present days.
Pete Hamill, A Drinking Life: A Memoir|Actions are prayers too, and as I am trying, not always successfully, to be a good parent, a good husband, a good teacher, I sometimes think: this is my conversation with God. It seems to me now that the action of walking to Santiago was, in itself, a prayer – a prayer repeatedly and resoundingly answered. Benjamin is an answered prayer, of course, but so was James. He just wasn’t the answer we expected.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|He was like Superman, but with fangs and oddly impaired morals.
Neelniki|And sorrows return, though we drown them with wine,Since the world can in no way answer our craving,I will loosen my hair tomorrow and take to a fishingboat.
N.D. Wilson, 100 Cupboards|I wanted to get away,' said she; 'everybody wants to plague and worry me about nothing. They'll be all right tomorrow. What's worrying them?''They are sacrificing to our Canadian God,' said Solly. 'We all believe that if we fret and abuse ourselves sufficiently, Providence will take pity and smile upon anything we attempt. A light heart, or a consciousness of desert, attracts ill luck. You have been away from your native land too long. You have forgotten our folkways. Listen to that gang over there; they are scanning the heavens and hoping aloud that it won't rain tomorrow. That is to placate the Mean Old Man in the Sky, and persuade him to be kind to us.
Agatha Christie, The Murder of Roger Ackroyd / Murder on the Orient Express / Ten Little Niggers / At Bertram's Hotel / Pieces|All experienced murderers seek cover. By putting the Agency’s fingerprints on [Mafia] operations, the mob could anticipate that the CIA would [be forced to] cooperate in the cover-up of crucial information related to JFK's assassination
Caroline Kennedy|This is going to sound really sad, but I didn't really have any heartthrobs when I was growing up. I was a bit of a geek.
Neil Armstrong|Modern science says: 'The sun is the past, the earth is the present, the moon is the future.' From an incandescent mass we have originated, and into a frozen mass we shall turn. Merciless is the law of nature, and rapidly and irresistibly we are drawn to our doom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you connect with nature, you will create yourself.
Manuel Corazzari|reading books is great, reading pictures much better, especially those that shows you the future #quote
Jeffrey Alford, Beyond the Great Wall: Recipes and Travels in the Other China|Il faut suivre ta boussole [You must follow your compass], as we say in French. Do what feels right to you, then figure out how to earn a living at the same time.
Tom Hiddleston|There never has been a time in our history when work was so abundant or when wages were as high, whether measured by the currency in which they are paid or by their power to supply the necessaries and comforts of life.
Edmund Burke|I think hearts are very much like glasses. If they do not break with the first ring, they usually last a considerable time.
Wendy Beckett, Sister Wendy's Meditations on Joy|This is the real power of joy, to make us certain that, beneath all grief, the most fundamental of realities is joy itself.
Voltaire, Candide|If they're from the village, you take them to the inn. If they're from the city, you treat them with respect when they are beautiful and throw them on the highway when they are dead.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|To the extent that I had come to understand that despair does not necessarily result in annihilation, that one can go on as usual in spite of it, I had become hardened. Was this what it means to be an adult, to live with ugly ambiguities? I didn't like it, but it made it easier to go on.
Dolly Parton|I let the beast in too soon I don't know how to live without his hand on my throat. I fight him always and still. Oh, darling it's so sweet. You think you know how crazy, how crazy I am.
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|When I have my interview with my God, our conversation will focus on the individuals whose self-esteem I was able to strengthen, whose faith I was able to reinforce, and whose discomfort I was able to assuage—a doer of good, regardless of what assignment I had. These are the metrics of that matter in measuring my life. This realization, which occurred nearly fifteen years ago, guided me every day to seek opportunities to help people in ways tailored to their individual circumstances. My happiness and my sense of worth has been immeasurably improved as a result.
Kristin Chenoweth|Waking up every day and loving someone who may or may not love us back, whose safety we can't ensure, who may stay in our lives or may leave without a moment's notice, who may be loyal to the day they die or betray us tomorrow - that's vulnerability.
Ludwig von Mises|The Marxians love of democratic institutions was a stratagem only, a pious fraud for the deception of the masses. Within a socialist community there is no room left for freedom.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|For his part, Jazz knew he was handsome. It had nothing to do with looking in the mirror, which he rarely did. It had everything to do with the way the girls at school looked at him, the way they became satellites when he walked by, their orbits contorted by his own mysterious gravity. If attention could be measured like the Doppler effect, girls would show a massive blue shift in his presence. In the last year or so, he had even remarked the scrutiny of older women—teachers, cashiers at stores, the woman who delivered UPS packages to his house. What had once been a maternal flavor in their glances had taken on a lingering, cool sort of appraisal. He could almost hear them thinking, Not yet. But soon.Despite his upbringing, despite the infamy of his father, they still watched him. Or maybe because of it. Maybe Howie was right about bad boys.
Brian Tracy|Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else.
P. J. O'Rourke|When I became finance minister, they called me Okonjo-Wahala - or 'Trouble Woman.' It means 'I give you hell.' But I don't care what names they call me. I'm a fighter; I'm very focused on what I'm doing, and relentless in what I want to achieve, almost to a fault. If you get in my way, you get kicked.
Sugiarti Manik|After luncheon the sun, conscious that it was Saturday, would blaze an hour longer in the zenith,...
Howard Graham Buffett|Stuff doesn't matter - boats, cars, fancy things don't matter. What matters, what will matter to me, is the love of the people around me, and did I take a chance? Did I seize an opportunity to do something for people with the talents that I was lucky enough to be given? Did I make a difference in the lives of people who needed me?
Gustave Flaubert, Flaubert in Egypt: A Sensibility on Tour|When one does something, one must do it wholly and well. Those bastard existences where you sell suet all day and write poetry at night are made for mediocre minds – like those horses that are equally good for saddle and carriage, the worst kind, that can neither jump a ditch nor pull a plow.
Eli Easton, Superhero|One must not permit oneself excesses, except with persons whom one wishes soon to leave.
Diogenes of Sinope|It is the privilege of the gods to want nothing, and of godlike men to want little.
Louise Rozett, Confessions of an Angry Girl|You like him, Rose. Why don't you just admit that, at least to me?
Dominic Riccitello|I pushed him against his Jeep, looked him dead in the eye and kissed him. He asked if he could come up, and I just walked up the steps and said, not yet. That was the moment I knew I loved him.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|‎The party that leans upon the workers but serves the bourgeoisie, in the period of the greatest sharpening of the class struggle, cannot but sense the smells wafted from the waiting grave.
Isaac Marion, Boarded Window|Even as I think them, the words lose their context, dissolve into grains of absurdity in the vast ocean of day-to-day hunger.
Afrika Bambaataa|A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses|The condition and characteristic of an uninstructed person is this: he never expects from himself profit (advantage) nor harm, but from externals. The condition and characteristic of a philosopher is this: he expects all advantage and all harm from himself.
Catherine Doyle, Vendetta|I knew I couldn’t trust my illogical heart, and that meant I had to do everything in my power to stay away from him so I wouldn’t have to.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|contemporary poetry is a kind of Reykjavik, a place where accessibility and intelligence have been fighting a Cold War by proxy for the last half-century. 
Elizabeth Morgan, Cranberry Blood|You have to stop doing, you know, human stuff,” I called. “It is seriously creepy coming from a wolf.
Jen Lancaster|I've always thought my strengths were I'm smart, and I have a good sense of humor. I definitely struggle with feeling confident.
John Piper, Tested by Fire: The Fruit of Suffering in the Lives of John Bunyan, William Cowper and David Brainerd.|Suffering in the path of Christian obedience, with joy - because the steadfast love of the Lord is better than life (Psalm 63:3) - is the clearest display of the worth of God in our lives. Therefore, faith-filled suffering is essential in this world for the most intense, authentic worship. When we are most satisfied with God in suffering, he will be most glorified in us in worship. Our problem is not styles of music. Our problem is styles of life. When we embrace more affliction for the worth of Christ, there will be more fruit in the worship of Christ.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|What is hard work? It takes strength, energy, and stress to truly care about others enough to place oneself last, but it is easy to wrap oneself up and selfishly scramble on the heads of others.
Nick Kroll|We all suffer in our own way; like, life is miserable. And I'm not, 'Oh, I'm a stand-up who's sad,' but the reality is that just about everyone is quietly unhappy. I don't think that pertains to comedians specifically. I think most people look at themselves in the mirror and are not happy with what they see.
M.A. George, Relativity|Aeron’s stone-faced expression cracked, as he turned to give me a dumbfounded look. Meeting his questioning eyes, I let out a little annoyed sigh, “I refuse to believe that you don’t know the meaning of ‘cojones’.”“I’m well aware of the meaning,” he raised his eyebrows, fighting back a smile. “Just a little surprised at your choice of words…”“Yeah, I can really paint a verbal picture,” I responded dryly.
M.T. Anderson|It meant different things to different people, but somehow it meant them all intensely. Shostakovich's words just confuse the issue. His symphony itself is what remains. Listen to it. It is your symphony to write with him.
Thom Mayne|I'm not a religious person. But, when I look at a beautiful cathedral, what brings awe, what induces awe is the idea that architecture, you know, a beautiful cathedral, a beautiful building.
Ben Marcus, Notable American Women|Their talk was endless, compulsive, and indulgent, sometimes sounding like the remains of the English language after having been hashed over by nuclear war survivors for a few hundred years.
Robertson Davies, The Rebel Angels|I dedicate the merit of the occasion to all beings. This gesture of universal friendship has been likened to a drop of fresh spring water. If we put it on a rock in the sunshine, it will soon evaporate. If we put it in the ocean, however, it will never be lost. Thus the wish is made that we not keep the teachings to ourselves but to use them to benefit others.
CeeLo Green|I think God gave us senses of humor, and we should use them.
Mav Skye, Behind the Black Door|Love is always worth the risks, even when, especially when, it scares you.
Nina Ardianti, Restart|...and I laugh and I spin and dance and frolic in ecstasy and I... I hurt no more, while you...you petrified little man, are left to wonder if it's you I speak of.
David Darling, Soul Search: A Scientist Explores the Afterlife|No one, from pontiffs to professors, has a monopoly on the truth. In the end, we are all just travelers--not scientists or mystics or any one brand of thinker. By nature, we are scientists and mystics, reductionists and holists, left-brained and right-brained, mixed up creatures trying to catch an occasional glimpse of the truth. The best we can do is to be tolerant of both sides of our nature--knowing that these reflect the twin aspect of the universe--and learn from whatever wisdom is offered.
Nancy Farmer, The House of the Scorpion|I love you," Matt said.I love you, too," Maria replied. "I know that's a sin, and I'll probably go to hell for it."If I have a soul, I'll go with you," promised Matt.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|We suffer but little from suffering itself; but from the manner wherein we accept it overwhelming sorrow may spring. We are wrong in believing that it comes from without. For indeed we create it within us, out of our very substance.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|Every individual who makes us suffer can be attached by us to a divinity of which he or she is a mere fragmentary reflexion, the lowest step in the ascent that leads to it, a divinity or an Idea which, if we turn to contemplate it, immediately gives us joy instead of the pain which we were feeling before — indeed the whole art of living is to make use of the individuals through whom we suffer as a step enabling us to draw nearer to the divine form which they reflect and thus joyously to people our lives with divinities.
Octavia E. Butler, Parable of the Sower|We each have our lives... What matters is not how long those lives last, but what we do with them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The race may be rough and tough, hard and hash, rude and crude, but only the pure and tough comes out clean and victorious
Washington Irving|Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature.
Mikhail Gorbachev|NASA asked me to create meals for the space shuttle. Thai chicken was the favorite. I flew in a fake space shuttle, but I have no desire to go into space after seeing the toilet.
Rosamund Hodge, Bright Smoke, Cold Fire|With every line he teaches her, the world grows a little wider. She had never known before how words could sing,how a turn of phrase could unlock a window in her mind.
Christy Turlington|It is not fit that every man should travel; it makes a wise man better, and a fool worse.
Ben Okri, A Way of Being Free|The intelligence that shaped the universe, shaped you. There is an inner part of us, for ever obscured, for ever mysterious, which is most alive during the process of composition. And that inner part, that inner glow, is timeless, and it functions beyond time. It drinks from deep waters. It has the stillness and the dance and the radiance of firmament. When one is most absorbed in the act of creation one almost feels that one is wandering in the great corridors of all minds. Creativity makes us part of it all.
Abhijit Naskar|Don’t just to avoid criticism. If you do nothing, you will be nothing. If you do only the parts you really love, you will also be nothing. It takes what it takes. It takes all of it. Own it, accept it, embrace it and do it. Want all of what you want!
Matshona Dhliwayo|To see a man’s true colors, tell him you’re saving yourself for marriage. To see a woman’s true colors, tell her you’re poor.
Alpesh Vasan|Believe me...Nothing is bad, just prove it as right
Idries Shah, Reflections|A world without problems is an illusion, so is a world without solutions.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism|We will freedom for freedom’s sake, in and through particular circumstances. And in thus willing freedom, we discover that it depends entirely upon the freedom of others and that the freedom of others depends upon our own. Obviously, freedom as the definition of a man does not depend upon others, but as soon as there is a commitment, I am obliged to will the liberty of others at the same time as my own. I cannot make liberty my aim unless I make that of others equally my aim.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|I assert nothing, I content myself with believing that more is possible than people think.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|For two days I went about my business. I travelled the globe as always, handing souls to the conveyor belt of eternity.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|For a couple of days he was nice and I was on cloud number 9,damn they don’t teach how to come down from there instead leave us to gravity.
Ruth Gordon|Courage is very important. Like a muscle, it is strengthened by use.
Scott  Thompson, Young Men Shall See|It was too late. Maybe yesterday, while I was still a child, but not now. I knew too much, had seen too much, I was a child no longer now; innocence and childhood were forever lost, forever gone from me.
Lotte Roy, Lotus-eating Japan: Who is this man I hardly know?|Immobilized in marriage, since long ago, she was taken as rightful property under wedlock. As a side note, I am urged to comment, the curious nature of these terms property and wed-lock; as if doomed to be firmly kept under latch and key, a padlocked yard? Pastures lain fallow occasionally?
Jessica Verday, The Haunted|Too long, much too long.
Richard Paul Evans, A Winter Dream|My Dear Son,I am so very proud of you. Now, as you embark on a new journey, I'd like to share this one piece of advice. Always, always remember that - adversity is not a detour. It is part of the path.You will encounter obstacles. You will make mistakes. Be grateful for both. Your obstacles and mistakes will be your greatest teachers. And the only way to not make mistakes in this life is to do nothing, which is the biggest mistake of all. Your challenges, if you let them, will become your greatest allies. Mountains can crush or raise you, depending on which side of the mountain you choose to stand on. All history bears out that the great, those who have changed the world, have all suffered great challenges. And, more times than not it's precisely those challenges that, in God's time, lead to triumph.Abhor victimhood. Denounce entitlement. Neither are gifts, rather cages to damn the soul. Everyone who has walked this earth is a victim of injustice. Everyone.Most of all, do not be too quick to denounce your sufferings. The difficult road you are called to walk may, in fact be your only path to success.
Walter Matthau|I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.
Joel Osteen|Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God.
Seyi Ayoola|Our success will not come from the acts of our forefathers, but can come alone from what we are doing now. Those who have inherited rich blood can use that richness in building greatness in themselves, but those who have not the privilege of such inheritance need not be discouraged. They can create their own rich blood and make it as rich as they like.
Busy Philipps|After art college, I got a job as a medical illustrator, and I was pretty good. I had to imagine what was going on in the operations because the photographs just showed a mess.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Adults who use big words in order to seem intelligent are annoying, especially those who are not intelligent.
Nancy Levin, Worthy: Boost Your Self-Worth to Grow Your Net Worth|There is no theoretical reason to expect evolutionary lineages to increase in complexity with time, and no empirical evidence that they do so. Nevertheless, eukaryotic cells are more complex than prokaryotic ones, animals and plants are more complex than protists, and so on. This increase in complexity may have been achieved as a result of a series of major evolutionary transitions. These involved changes in the way information is stored and transmitted.[The major evolutionary transitions, Nature 374, 227 - 232 (16 March 1994)]
Devi Ansevi, Fate's Arrow: Soulmates Book 2|When I'm with you I feel like...That's just it. I feel. in a very literal sense, you drive me crazy. In a very literal sense, you make my heart beat faster. In a very literal sense, Ricky...you take my breath away.
Christopher Hudson, The Killing Fields|Even when I was caught in the web, I didn't give up hope. And as you see, I was right.
Andrea Dworkin|The central question is not: what is force and what is freedom? That is a good question, but in the realm of human cruelty - the realm of history - it is utterly abstract. The central question is: why is force never acknowledged as such when used against the racially or sexually despised? Nazi terror used against the Jews is not in dispute. Still, there is an almost universal - and intrinsically anti-Semitic - conviction that the Jews went voluntarily to the ovens. Rational discourse on how the Jews were terrorized does not displace or transform this irrational conviction. And similarly, no matter what force is used against women as a class or as individuals, the universal conviction is that women want (either seek out or assent to) whatever happens to them, however awful, dangerous, destructive, painful, or humiliating. A statement is made about the nature of the Jew, the nature of the woman. The nature of each and both is to be a victim. A metaphysical victim is never forced, only actualized.
Morten Høgsberg|I was rolling the dead warrior over to steal his cloak, too, knowing it would be far too large on me, when I noticed the blade stashed in the back of his belt. It was solid in my hand, and its blade was sawlike. It would be perfect for gutting the Astonian queen and her traitorous paramour."- Charlaina di Heyse
Winston S. Churchill|So often times it happens that we live our lives in chains, and we never even know we have the
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Courage is an act of grace when it is not required; it originates from an inner necessity to honor, love, and cherish people, and respect oneself.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney|When you begin a new story, your job is to envision, to try to glimpse stuff that doesn't as yet exist. That's what writing is, going out to meet the ghosts of the future. Not out of the past, not the ones that are dead and buried. Ghosts of the future, those who don't exist yet.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|It wasn’t her first kiss, but it was the first one that mattered.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Do not worry about your life, what you will eat or drink; or about your body, what you will wear. Is not life more important than food, and the body more important than clothes?Look at the birds of the air; they do not sow or reap or store away in barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not much more valuable than they?Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?And why do you worry about clothes? See how the lilies of the field grow. They do not labour or spin. Yet I tell you that not even Solomon in all his splendor was dressed like one of these. If that is how God clothes the grass of the field, which is here today and tomorrow is thrown into the fire, will he not much more clothe you, O you of little faith?So do not worry, saying, ``What shall we eat?'' or ``What shall we drink?'' or ``What shall we wear?'' For the pagans run after all these things, and your heavenly Father knows that you need them. But seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well.Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.- Matthew 6:25-34
Barry López, About This Life|After we became a couple, she composed our time together. She planned days as if they were artistic events. One afternoon we went to Tybee Island for a picnic; we ate blueberries and drank champagne tinted with curacao and listened to Miles Davis, and when I asked the name of her perfume, she said it was L'Heure Bleue.She talked about 'perfect moments.' One such moment happened that afternoon; she'd been napping; I lay next to her, reading. She said, 'I'll always remember the sounds of the sea and of pages turning, and the smell of L'Heure Bleue. For me they signify love.
Karl Marx, The German Ideology|For the genuine materialist there is no fundamental, but only a gradual, an “evolutionary” difference, between man and a pest, a noxious insect
|Don't allow your problems to keep your spirit down. We all have our ups and downs in life. There is always a way out, but you must strongly believe in your ability to persevere.
Heather Hall, Love in the City|Until you lose our bet I agree to those terms. But when you do lose, I’d suggest you embrace your inner whore.
Jocelyn  Murray, The Roman General: A Novel|It is not his body which makes a man strong, but his spirit. Nothing on the outside, but only that which comes from within.
Gracen Miller, Pandora's Box|Madison answered. “I said, ‘The Queen thinks the King’s a pussy for sending her to retrieve me. I dare him to catch me if he can.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|I wasted time, and now doth time waste me; For now hath time made me his numbering clock: My thoughts are minutes; and with sighs they jar Their watches on unto mine eyes, the outward watch, Whereto my finger, like a dial's point, Is pointing still, in cleansing them from tears. Now sir, the sound that tells what hour it is Are clamorous groans, which strike upon my heart, Which is the bell: so sighs and tears and groans Show minutes, times, and hours.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a flower of hope, a song of eternity, and a promise of love and beauty of humanity.
Bill Barich|A good writer refuses to be socialized. He insists on his own version of things, his own consciousness. And by doing so he draws the reader's eye from its usual groove into a new way of seeing things.
W.B. Yeats, The Collected Poems of W.B. Yeats|I like that people can just look at you and know that you are taken, that you are mine.” He closed his eyes and laughed. “And yes, I know that sentiment is at the top of the Women’s Liberation Movement’s list of things not to say to a modern woman.
Katie Heaney, Never Have I Ever: My Life (So Far) Without a Date|Guys who would make fun of girls for sexual inexperience are terrible people, and when girls do it to other girls it feels even shittier. Guys who shame girls who haven't had sex want them to feel like they aren't doing their job, which is to be sexually available and attractive to guys. (And never mind if they are gay, or just uninterested.) Girls who shame other girls for these reasons are helping those guys. They are saying this: You are not accomplished where it matters, and I am better than you. I have proven that men find me attractive, and that is what counts. These people, boys and girls and men and women alike, are all dickheads.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Success is built on hard work, the right hard work itself is success.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whenever you encounter any fearful situation, there exists a great possibility for you to triumph only if you be willing enough to conquer the fear.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|Sometimes you wake up from a dream. Sometimes you wake up in a dream. And sometimes, every once in a while, you wake up in someone else's dream. 
Philip Reeve|Sometimes, on our way through the world, we meet someone who touches our heart in a way others don't.
Virchand Gandhi|Since the early beginning of history, India has been the Klondyke of the world
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is something wrong when a brother or sister becomes alienated from the rest of their family, so there is something wrong when Christians refuse to have anything to do with their fellow Christians. God wants us to live this Christian life together.
Onyi Anyado|Liberia got Petroleum (Oil): The problem of development lies in good leadership and great communication. Some of our leaders want to turn the country's oil company into the Gaddafi regime of Libya that they could rule Liberia and their sons and grand kids can also rule as well. It's a form of oppression. The Liberian people want a leader, not an oppressor or an installed puppet. Someone who will put the country and its peoples' interest first. Not a corrupt politician who's out to rip the country apart, in the name of enriching their families.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|I left Hairball to his manic mantric singing. I walked toward the house and stopped to rub some white pine needles on my fingers. The evergreen smelled fresh and alive. The needles were long and soft to the touch. I looked back at Hairball. The moon had risen higher and Little Meadow was even brighter. The windpicked up Hairball’s singing and blew it away. By the time I got up to the house he had become a silvery ghost dancing in the moonlight, a nowhere man longing to live on the moon.
Anonymous|If you walk through a door with dead locks,bolts and chains don't betray or turn your back on that trust.The privilege of knowing all that goes on behind that door should be treated as an extraordinary gift.For many people will only ever see half of the real person they've known for years.
M. Scott Peck|All belief is the least reliable form of knowing...Where there is a natural knowing of God, there is not need for belief. The highest form of certainty is something you know so thoroughly and so naturally that it's impossible to put into words.
Lee NR|It must feel good to have someone trying so hard to keep you in any circumstances. I wish I have one too, at least I know how does it feels to have someone wanting you more than anything, other than making you cry alone in despair.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|You can be the ugliest man in the world but once you got money, you can have all the women in the world.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|We just need to hang in there a little longer, spend a little more of our energy... Breathe...
David A. McIntee, Doctor Who: Lords of the Storm|When he pursed his lips and dropped a hand into his coat pocket, the last thing Nur expected him to pull out was a cricket ball. "I'd hoped for a disruptor at least," she muttered reprovingly. The Doctor slipped three fingers around the ball and hefted it experimentally. "I thought we'd try something a little less excessive." He breathed gently on to the maroon leather and polished it on his leg as the Sontaran finally tossed the Kshatriya aside and stopped to pick up its fallen weapon. He stepped around the corner, sighting along his free arm as the Sontaran straightened, its back fully turned. The cricket ball flashed down the length of the corridor in the blink of an eye, punching into the back of the Sontaran's collar and ricocheting away. To Nur's astonishment, the alien spasmed and crashed to the floor like a falling tree. "Out for a duck," the Doctor commented, blowing across his fingertips. "I've never seen anything killed by a cricket ball before." "You haven't yet. He'll wake up in a few minutes.
Daniel Gottlieb, Voices in the Family: A Therapist Talks About Listening, Openness & Healing|As our children turn even five or six degrees away from us, we have to be aware of our fear and our excitement and our hope for them. And as that five or sex degrees turns into ten or twenty degrees, even ninety degrees, we have to monitor those feelings every step of the way-and ultimately realize that our child is another human being and not necessarily and extension of us.
Lurlene McDaniel, The End of Forever|I enjoyed writing. Perhaps it was because I hardly heard the sound of my own voice. My written words were my voice, speaking, singing, ... I was there on the page
Charles M. Schulz|Laborsaving devices do not necessarily save time, but they increase our expectactations of what mothers should accomplish
Liu Bolin|There is a curious relationship between a candidate and the reporters who cover him. It can be affected by small things like a competent press staff, enough seats, sandwiches and briefings and the ability to understand deadlines.
Weike Wang, Chemistry|I am supposed to be helping her prepare for the GRE. Instead, we spend most of the time talking about color. The color of my clothes and shoes. The color of other people's clothes and shoes. The color of the sky when the sun has dipped just low enough to cause red light to bend the most and then, voilà, a sunset.
Christie Brinkley|I don't eat fast food, but I can't live without pizza.
Sola Kosoko|The more you worry about your spending, the less you focus on increasing your capacity.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Infatuation -You easily back off. Love -You silently care, no matter what..!!
Valerie Frankel, The Girlfriend Curse|When you look in the mirror, it's usually to fix your hair or put on makeup. To examine your body searching for problem areas. We look at ourselves to see the flaw, not beauty. And we look at predictable times, in the morning, after using the bathroom, before bed. We hardly ever see ourselves when we aren't prepared for inspection. But only when you're unprepared can you see your true self, your true beauty.
Hélène Cixous, Three Steps on the Ladder of Writing|Paradise is a state of being, more than just the name of a suburb or a home.
Susie Morgenstern, Secret Letters From 0 To 10|That's the way it is--you have a thought, a dream, an idea in your head . . . and you do nothing to make it happen. Then one day, boom, just like that, you get up and go.
brother Billy|Jesus says we are blessed when we are hated, ostracized, insulted, and ridiculed on earth, because of Him.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|(In reference to swingers) In the meantime, if you wish to declare yourself polyamorous, get used to the fact that the confusion is gong to remain as a pejorative. Sure, clear up the misunderstanding as much as you can, but don't put too much effort into setting yourself up as a "good", responsible, community-oriented polyamorist by contrasting yourself to the "bad" swingers - they may not be your siblings, but they're definitely your cousins.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|Inman's only thought looking on the enemy was, "Go home.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket" - which is but a matter of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention"; but the wise man saith, "Pull all your eggs in the one basket and - WATCH THAT BASKET." - Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|On the doorstep Adele met Tony Limpsfield. She hurried him into her motor, and told the chauffeur not to drive on."News!" she said. "Lucia's going to have a lover.""No!" said Tony in the Riseholme manner"But I tell you she is. He's with her now.""They won't want me then," said Tony. "And yet she asked me to come at half-past five.""Nonsense, my dear. They will want you, both of them. . . . Oh Tony, don't you see? It's a stunt."Tony assumed the rapt expression of Luciaphils receiving intelligence."Tell me all about it," he said."I'm sure I'm right," said she. "Her poppet came in just now, and she held his hand as women do, and made him draw his chair up to her, and said he scolded her. I'm not sure that he knows yet. But I saw that he guessed something was up. I wonder if he's clever enough to do it properly. . . . I wish she had chosen you, Tony, you'd have done it perfectly. They have got--don't you understand?--to have the appearance of being lovers, everyone must think they are lovers, while all the time there's nothing at all of any sort in it. It's a stunt: it's a play: it's a glory.""But perhaps there is something in it," said Tony. "I really think I had better not go in.""Tony, trust me. Lucia has no more idea of keeping a real lover than of keeping a chimpanzee. She's as chaste as snow, a kiss would scorch her. Besides, she hasn't time. She asked Stephen there in order to show him to me, and to show him to you. It's the most wonderful plan; and it's wonderful of me to have understood it so quickly. You must go in: there's nothing private of any kind: indeed, she thirsts for publicity."Her confidence inspired confidence, and Tony was naturally consumed with curiosity. He got out, told Adele's chauffeur to drive on, and went upstairs. Stephen was no longer sitting in the chair next to Lucia, but on the sofa at the other side of the tea-table. This rather looked as if Adele was right: it was consistent anyhow with their being lovers in public, but certainly not lovers in private."Dear Lord Tony," said Lucia--this appellation was a halfway house between Lord Limpsfield and Tony, and she left out the "Lord" except to him--"how nice of you to drop in. You have just missed Adele. Stephen, you know Lord Limpsfield?"Lucia gave him his tea, and presently getting up, reseated herself negligently on the sofa beside Stephen. She was a shade too close at first, and edged slightly away."Wonderful play of Tchekov's the other day," she said. "Such a strange, unhappy atmosphere. We came out, didn't we, Stephen, feeling as if we had been in some remote dream. I saw you there, Lord Tony, with Adele who had been lunching with me."Tony knew that: was not that the birthday of the Luciaphils?
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|Nobody wanted to be sexless, but nobody wanted to be nothing but sex
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|This angered me. “Nothing has changed!?!?” I screamed at him. I was furious with him. He had duped me. “Your a mermaid! Your a freak!” Calling him a freak hurt his feelings. “I am the same boy you fell in love with. I can't help who I was born as, but that doesn't affect the boy in which I want to be.”“And what is that?” I asked, really emotional right now. “A boy who wants to be given the chance to love you.” With these tender words, I instantly ran into his arms. “Oh Trysten, I don't care who you are, or what you can become, but I love you for loving me.
Abraham Ruiz|If you are a winner by the judgements of few judges and not by your performance, you are not a real winner.
Martine Millman, Homeschooling: A Family's Journey|Fifteen minutes later, Betsy came thundering down the stairs. "I'm going to the mall with Sierra to see a movie."Michael leaned forward, switched off the television. "Can you please rephrase that in the form of a question?""Sure. Can I have some money?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Insurgence and all forms of evil in a society doesn't describes her as a failure, but vividly shows a lack of love for one another.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heart is seldom wiser than the mind, but when it is, listen to it.
Batuhan Ibal|The master in us all lives behind the masks and roles and wounds and beliefs. It calls us to live deep, full, radical lives. It asks us not to wait until we are told by anyone that we have arrived. It invites us forward, across the line of fear and unworthiness, to experience mastery in this moment--as much as we can right now. To learn from stumbling. To rise again and keep walking until we no longer notice our feet in their effortless dance. But mostly not to wait until some distant, perfect someday. Mastery is now.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|There are stories in the air as thick as birds around me, he would say. I will save those stories from starving he would say. I have a great hunger for stories, he would say.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|God would have us cherish even the smallest of blessings, for in taking a blessing for granted we are well on our way to taking it to its grave.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|One lunatic in Rampton used to have bouts of hysteria. Where he would let out a scream, and run at a wall and dive headfirst…crash! He was given a crash helmet! (Well it is a mad house.)
Akshay Vasu|And her heart burst like the stars do in the end, and She fell on her knees. But the whole world looked her in awe. She lit the whole universe with her fire for a moment. In the end, she was as beautiful as the stardust falling from the sky and her heart didn't ache anymore.
Will Cohu, The Wolf Pit: A Moorland Romance|The place of horror turns out to be no more than a green scoop, sometimes shadowed, sometimes shining with the bilberries and grass within it, as if a mouth had opened from which streamed a beam of light. So my uncle Robert's death, which had looked from a distance to be an all-consuming tragedy was, close-up, the story of a man finding release from his pain and how his brother had showed such defiant love. The past was a grave, a trap - and yet, also neither of these. Just light, coming and going.At the wolf pit you imagine you will stare into a hole littered with bones, but what draws you to that place is not what you take from it. The wolf pit seems a delicate illusion. You walk towards it; there is nothing, just a curve of the moor; then it is a soft green light, and then it is nothing again.
Seamus Heaney|In poetry, everything can be faked but the intensity of utterance.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I give up my control, God guide my step in every circumstance.
Francis Bacon|Thirty years ago, we used to ask: Can a computer simulate all processes of logic? The answer was yes, but the question was surely wrong. We should have asked: Can logic simulate all sequences of cause and effect? And the answer would have been no.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|You’re allowed to manipulate the environment, but not the character.
Keith Richards|No, I do a bunch of things to entertain myself. I paint, I make music, I take photographs.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|They're talking as if nothing's happened, Soledad said to herself, and the jealousy ran from her ears into her heart, where it settled into her aorta and reshaped itself as longing and desire, the kind of want that makes one capable of poor but magnanimous decisions.
Sara Craven, Dark Summer Dawn|I must have you. We must have each other. You know that, don't you? You'rein my blood, God help us both.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Because it's not muscles that make men strong. Secret do. The more secret you keep, the stronger you are on the inside.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[The] love of God that reaches to wherever man is, can be entirely rejected. God will not force Himself upon anyone against his will. It is your part to believe. It is your part to receive. Nobody else can do it for you.
Ashly Lorenzana|Love is an awfully personal thing for most of us, so why isn't hate?
M. Rickert, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Horror is not unimaginable, it has neither the face of a monster nor the bat-wings of a demon. It is calm and tranquil, and it is durable, lasting whole days and nights, months; years, perhaps. It is not mortal. It strikes at the eyes, only the eyes.
Robert Vanleeuwen|We grow not through the words we read or the lessons we see, but through the love we feel & and the paths we lead.
LouAnne Johnson, Dangerous Minds|I know you kids are angry, because the world isn't fair. Well, get over it, because it's never going to be fair. The white boys have all the money and all the power and that's the way it is. And they aren't going to give it up - to you or to me. And you can't blame them for it because if you had it, you wouldn't give it to them, either. But fighting each other isn't going to fix anything. All it's going to do is let everybody go on insisting that black and Hispanic kids are ignorant and violent. That's perfect. It's easy. If you're ignorant and violent, people who don't like you can kick you out of school or put you in jail. And it's you own fault.
Henry Fairfield Osborn|Today the earth speaks with resonance and clearness and every ear in every civilized country of the world is attuned to its wonderful message of the creative evolution of man, except the ear of William Jennings Bryan; he alone remains stone-deaf, he alone by his own resounding voice drowns the eternal speech of nature.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Every article and review and book that I have ever published has constituted an appeal to the person or persons to whom I should have talked before I dared to write it. I never launch any little essay without the hope—and the fear, because the encounter may also be embarrassing—that I shall draw a letter that begins, 'Dear Mr. Hitchens, it seems that you are unaware that…' It is in this sense that authorship is collaborative with 'the reader.' And there's no help for it: you only find out what you ought to have known by pretending to know at least some of it already.It doesn't matter how obscure or arcane or esoteric your place of publication may be: some sweet law ensures that the person who should be scrutinizing your work eventually does do so.
Glenn Greenwald|...if anybody was going to blow up the Superland™ Wal-Mart, it was going to be me. Not some fucking crusty punk.
Sara Ramirez|If you go on a journey to Mars and get into deep space, there is several hundred times, maybe 300 times the radiation.
Elie Wiesel|The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
Honoré de Balzac, The Atheist’s Mass|The Man of Power is one who presides—By persuasion. He uses no demeaning words or behavior, does not manipulate others, appeals to the best in everyone, and respects the dignity andagency of all humankind—men, women, boys, and girls.By long-suffering. He waits when necessary and listens to the humblest or youngest person. He is tolerant of the ideas of others and avoids quick judgments and anger. By gentleness. He uses a smile more often than a frown. He is not gruff or loud or frightening; he does not discipline in anger.By meekness. He is not puffed up, does not dominate conversations, and is willing to conform his will to the will of God.By love unfeigned. He does not pretend. He is sincere, giving honest love without reservation even when others are unlovable.By kindness. He practices courtesy and thoughtfulness in little things as well as in the more obvious things. By pure knowledge. He avoids half-truths and seeks to be empathetic. Without hypocrisy. He practices the principles he teaches. He knows he is not always right and is willing to admit his mistakes and say ‘I’m sorry.'Without guile. He is not sly or crafty in his dealings with others, but is honest and authentic when describing his feelings.
Michael Fossel|I think there's a kind of desperate hope built into poetry now that one really wants, hopelessly, to save the world. One is trying to say everything that can be said for the things that one loves while there's still time.
Bruce Lee|I suppose I have become a sort of living monument in Portugal. But I come from a family with roots all over the world, so the idea of patriotism is not very strong in me. My country is the country of Chekhov, Beethoven, Velasquez - writers I like, painters and artists I admire.
William Barrett|If science could comprehend all phenomena so that eventually in a thoroughly rational society human beings became as predictable as cogs in a machine, then man, driven by this need to know and assert his freedom, would rise up and smash the machine. What the reformers of the Enlightenment, dreaming of a perfect organization of society, had overlooked, Dostoevski saw all too plainly with the novelist's eye: namely, that as modern society becomes more organized and hence more bureaucratized it piles up at its joints petty figures like that of the Underground Man, who beneath their nondescript surface are monsters of frustration and resentment.
Kelsea Ballerini|It's been really cool to me to watch someone like Sam Hunt, whose lyrics and roots are in country but you can hear that he listens to Drake and Justin Timberlake - and that's OK. It allows songwriters to be more honest because it's like, 'This is who I'm listening to.'
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|I have seen enough, too, to know that it is not always the youngest and best who are spared to those that love them; but this should give us comfort rather than sorrow, for Heaven is just, and such things teach us impressively that there is a far brighter world than this, and that the passage to it is speedy.
Felipe VI of Spain|If you're an original thinker, you are going get told 'no' a lot, and you have to be able to hear 'no' many times from the bankers and trust that at some point, someone is going to recognize that you are an artist and not a can of soda.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, The Mists of Avalon|The room had lost its morning light, the glow of expectation and potential. The daylight was now gray, and the new day was already used, a little soiled by mistaken thoughts and makeshift undertakings.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|No one who cooks, cooks alone. Even at her most solitary, a cook in the kitchen is surrounded by generations of cooks past, the advice and menus of cooks present, the wisdom of cookbook writers.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Why should i blame world, if i get wrong to recognize true and real faces of people
Hans Haacke|Sometimes, homely things are done for the best reasons in the world and thus achieve a beauty of their own.
T.A. Miles, Blood Lilies|Which was just well: goodbyes had never been my strong suit anyway, and lately my life had felt like an unbroken series of them. Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|I'd grown up hearing stories about the special hazards that girls faced. I knew where the bodies were found: naked on beaches or cut into pieces, parts frozen in freezers or buried in cement. These stories were never kept from us girls. Instead they were spread around like ghost stories, our parents hoping that fear would do the job that our judgment might not.
Alice Hoffman, Here on Earth|Children would beg for a peppermint drop each time he walked into town, and they'd follow behind, asking for a second and a third. When he died suddenly, while working late at his office, every boy and girl in the village reported smelling mint in the night air, as if somehing sweet had passed them right by.
Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe|After the boy at the supermarket had called her those names, Evelyn Couch had felt violated. Raped by words. Stripped of everything. She had always tried to keep this from happening to her, always been terrified of displeasing men, terrified of the names she would be called if she did. She had spent her life tiptoeing around them like something lifting her skirt stepping through a cow pasture. She had always suspected that if provoked, those names were always close to the surface, ready to lash out and destroy her.
Christine Kenneally, The First Word: The Search for the Origins of Language|But there is no agency in evolution; it is inadvertent. We survived, modified, and multiplied, just like any animal alive today, and out of the wildly dodgem course we took, language arose.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If you want to continue to be the best in the world, then you have to train and compete like you are second best in the world.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Find the beauty in situations where it is not obvious, and you will create voluminous joy in your life.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|It is not true that fate slips silently into our lives. It steps in through the door that we have opened, and we invite it to enter. No one is strong enough or cunning enough to avert by word or deed the misfortune that is rooted in the iron laws of his character and his life.
John Cornyn|From age nine, my friends and I were on the streets, walking home, going to each other's houses, going to the store. I really wanted to write about that: the independence that's a little bit scary but also a really positive thing in a lot of ways.
David Rakoff, Don't Get Too Comfortable: The Indignities of Coach Class, The Torments of Low Thread Count, The Never-Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil, and Other First World Problems|When you're making something, you're in a different state. You go into a deep level of concentration, to the point where you're not self-conscious anymore, it's just flowing out of you.
Karel Čapek|When things get bad enough, then something happens to correct the course. And it's for that reason that I speak about evolution as an error-making and an error-correcting process. And if we can be ever so much better - ever so much slightly better - at error correcting than at error making, then we'll make it.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|Love doesn't measure that way... you may blame me for your feelings, but it isn't fair to blame me for how you've chosen to behave.
Debasish Mridha|Are deepest desires are: someone to understand us, someone to appreciate us, someone to inspire us, and someone to enjoy what we are.
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|Stone-cutters fighting time with marble, you fore defeated Challengers of oblivion Eat cynical earnings, knowing rock splits, records fall down, The square-limbed Roman letters Scale in the thaws, wear in the rain. The poet as well Builds his monument mockingly; For man will be blotted out, the blithe earth die, the brave sun Die blind and blacken to the heart: Yet stones have stood for a thousand years, and pained thoughts found The honey of peace in old poems.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Sticks and stones may break your bones, and words – can cut your insides.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Hound of the Baskervilles|It is not my intention to be fulsome, but I confess that I covet your skull.
Sunday Adelaja|If you submit to your gift, people will seek and invite you, you will get well paid because you have perfected your gift
S.Ragle|Nobody ever kills everybody anywhere, big man. Somebody always gets away.
Talon P.S., Dear Soldier, With Love|Needs? I guess that is what bothers so many folks. They keep expanding their needs until they are dependent on too many things and too many other people... I wonder how many things in the average American home could be eliminated if the question were asked, "Must I really have this?" I guess most of the extras are chalked up to comfort or saving time.Funny thing about comfort - one man's comfort is another man's misery. Most people do't work hard enough physically anymore, and comfort is not easy to find. It is surprising how comfortable a hard bunk can be after you come down off a mountain.
Max Lerner|The game is my wife. It demands loyalty and responsibility, and it gives me back fulfillment and peace.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|You are my reality, fantasy, daydream, fairytale, music, more than the princess in Cinderella; you are much more than a traditional myth.
Daniel Yergin, The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World|Tragedy's language stresses that whatever is within us is obscure, many faceted, impossible to see. Performance gave this question of what is within a physical force. The spectators were far away from the performers, on that hill above the theatre. At the centre of their vision was a small hut, into which they could not see. The physical action presented to their attention was violent but mostly unseen. They inferred it, as they inferred inner movement, from words spoken by figures whose entrances and exits into and out of the visible space patterned the play. They saw its results when that facade opened to reveal a dead body. This genre, with its dialectics of seen and unseen, inside and outside, exit and entrance, was a simultaneously internal and external, intellectual and somatic expression of contemporary questions about the inward sources of harm, knowledge, power, and darkness.
Simone Weil|At the very best, a mind enclosed in language is in prison. It is limited to the number of relations which words can make simultaneously present to it; and remains in ignorance of thoughts which involve the combination of a greater number. These thoughts are outside language, they are unformulable, although they are perfectly rigorous and clear and although every one of the relations they involve is capable of precise expression in words. So the mind moves in a closed space of partial truth, which may be larger or smaller, without ever being able so much as to glance at what is outside.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Perseverance, secret of all triumphs.
Axel Munthe, The Story of San Michele|Dogs needed no words to console you. Dogs were the ultimate practitioners of the therapy of touch. Dogs knew and accepted the hard realities of life that human beings could not acknowledge until those obvious truths were exhaustively described with words, and even then there was often more bitter acknowledgment than humble acceptance.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|The dark, twisting clouds that had settled over Vendona’s streets seemed to open up and glide past the winking moon. The wind moaned slowly as it died while the trees began dancing with a melody only known to nature. The city became alive, and time raced forward as the sky warmed slightly. It was no longer snowing.
Shashi Tharoor, Riot|How do I pray? Not in any organized form, really; I go to temples sometimes with my family, but they leave me cold. I think of prayer as something intensely personal, a way of reaching my hands out towards my maker. I recite some mantras my parents taught me as a child; there is something reassuring about those ancient words, hallowed by use and repetition over thousands of years.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The eyes witness what is carved on the surface, but the hearts are witness to something much deeper.
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|My father might not have held my hand or expressed his love openly, but he taught Callie and me that we had inherent values, that we were fully formed human beings without a boy by our side.
Elizabeth Kolbert, The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History|[S]he realized quite abruptly that this thing which took him off, which kept him out so many hours day after day, this thing that was against her own little will and instincts—was enormous as the sea. It was no mere prettiness of single Trees, but something massed and mountainous. About her rose the wall of its huge opposition to the sky, its scale gigantic, its power utterly prodigious. What she knew of it hitherto as green and delicate forms waving and rustling in the winds was but, as it were the spray of foam that broke into sight upon the nearer edge of viewless depths far, far away. The trees, indeed, were sentinels set visibly about the limits of a camp that itself remained invisible. The awful hum and murmur of the main body in the distance passed into that still room about her with the firelight and hissing kettle. Out yonder—in the Forest further out—the thing that was ever roaring at the center was dreadfully increasing.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|The idea was fantastically, wildly improbable. But like most fantastically, wildly improbable ideas it was at least as worthy of consideration as a more mundane one to which the facts had been strenuously bent to fit.
Steven Pinker|I don't want anyone as president who promises to take care of me. I may be stupid, but I want a chance to try to be a grown-up and take care of my family.
Rami Ollaik|We chose younger and younger politicians to lead us because they looked good on television and were sharp. But really we should be looking for wisdom, and choosing people who had acquired it; and such people, in general, looked bad on television - gray, lined, thoughtful.
Julie March, Firefly Night|Atreyu was fighting not for himself, but for his friend, whom he was trying to save by defeating him.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward.
Aimee Agresti, Illuminate|Before we can begin to see the cross as something done for us, we have to see it as something done by us.
Rick Pitino|In brokenness comes beauty, divine fragility.
David Bowie|I took in a deep breath, and smoke twisted around my head as I let it slip through my teeth. “Do you know what my favorite show was when I was a little kid?”The look again. “I would have no idea.”“Doctor Who. British sci-fi show.”“I am familiar with it. Christopher Eccleston, David Tennant, and Matt—““No,” I said. “The new show’s great, but I grew up on the old one. The low-budget, rubber monster show with Tom Baker and Peter Davison. I watched it on PBS all the time as a kid.”I looked out at the dark ruins of Hollywood, at the stumbling shadows dotting the streets as far as you could see. The only other living person within half a mile was standing behind me, her eyes boring into my head.“The Doctor didn’t have super-powers or weapons or anything like that. He was just a really smart guy who always tried to do the right thing. To help people, no matter what. That struck me when I was a kid. The idea that no matter how cold and callous and heartless the world seemed, there was somebody out there who just wanted to make life better. Not better for worlds or countries in some vague way. Just better for people trying to live their lives, even if they didn’t know about him.”I turned back to her and tapped my chest. “That’s what this suit’s always been about. Not scaring people like you or Gorgon do. Not some sort of pseudo-sexual roleplay or repressed emotions. I wear this thing, all these bright colors, because I want people to know someone’s trying to make their lives better. I want to give them hope.
Avina Celeste|As long as you have food, water, and shelter, all that matters is what goes on inside your mind. A happy mind makes for a happy life. Find the little pleasant moments that happen in your day and summon all the happiness you can from each and every one. There may be bad days but if you can find a tiny speck of happiness then it is not all for nothing. Live in the moment. Let go of the bad in your past and enjoy every happy moment to the fullest extent.
Stephen King, Just After Sunset|Damp veils of mist swirled around them. They were dreadfully cold (Moomintroll thought longingly of his woolly trousers) and surrounded completely by an awful floating emptiness."I always thought clouds were soft and woolly and nice to be in," said Sniff, sneezing. "Ugh! I'm beginning to be sorry I ever came on this expedition.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The night Junior stayed, my right to myself was taken from me in a way that had felt more final than ever before. Then the school had denied my rape—my word. The subsequent silencing and exile—misplaced shame—were the catalysts for me to finally break free of my mother's grasp and my voicelessness and do what I truly wanted, alone. I wished to prove myself as independent and valid and strong—to my mother, and to the world. I'd believed I had needed something huge and external that no one could deny was impressive, so I could show my family I was able—so they could finally know that I was strong.Instead I had shown myself.And it felt wonderful.
Zadie Smith, Swing Time|But singing isn’t just about belting it out, is it? It’s not just who has the most wobble or the highest note, no, it’s about phrasing, and being delicate, and getting just the right feeling from a song, the soul of it, so that something real happens inside you when a man opens his mouth to sing, and don’t you want to feel something real rather than just having your poor earholes bashed in?
Andrew Rilstone, Where Dawkins Went Wrong|The Christian who is not diligently involved in a serious study of Scripture is simply inadequate as a disciple of Christ. To be an adequate Christian and competent in the things of God we must do more than attend “sharing sessions” and “bless me parties.” We cannot learn competency by osmosis. Biblically illiterate Christians are not only inadequate but unequipped. In fact, they are inadequate because they are not equipped.
Debbie Ford|Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
Nikos Kazantzakis, The Last Temptation of Christ|You will, Judas, my brother. God will give you the strength, as much as you lack, because it is necessary—it is necessary for me to be killed and for you to betray me. We two must save the world. Help me."Judas bowed his head. After a moment he asked, "If you had to betray your master, would you do it?"Jesus reflected for a long time. Finally he said, "No, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to. That is why God pitied me and gave me the easier task: to be crucified.
Rashedur Ryan Rahman|when you become addict in to MATERIAL things in life then the TRUE natural life start to run away from you, YES! it's can give you certain pleasure in the society but in the same time it will sabotage your true HAPPINESS of life which we could have simply with GRATITUDE and FORGIVENESS
Barbara De Angelis|Everyone has a purpose in life and a unique talent to give to others. And when we blend this unique talent with service to others, we experience the ecstasy and exultation of own spirit, which is the ultimate goal of all goals.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We want a money-back guarantee before we take a step of obedience, but that eliminates faith from the equation. Sometimes we need to take a flying leap of faith.We need to step into the conflict without knowing if we can resolve it. We need to share our faith without knowing how our friends will react to it. We need to pray for a miracle without knowing how God will answer. We need to put ourselves in a situation that activates a spiritual gift we've never exercised before. And we need to go after a dream that is destined to fail without divine intervention.If we want to discover new lands, we've got to lose sight of the shore. We've got to leave the Land of Familiarity behind. We've got to sail past the predictable. And when we do, we develop a spiritual hunger for the unprecedented and lose our appetite for the habitual. We also get a taste of God's favor.
E.L. Konigsburg, Silent to the Bone|Friendship depends on interlocking time, place, and state of mind.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|What a mystery we are to ourselves, even as we go on, learning more, sorting it out a little. The further on we go, the more meaning there is but the less articulable. You live your life, and the older you get – the more specificity you harvest – the more precious becomes every ounce and spam. Your life and times don’t drain of meaning because they become more contradictory, ornamented by paradox, inexplicable. Rather the opposite, maybe. The less explicable, the more meaning. The less a mathematics equation (a sum game); the more like music (significant secret).
Darynda Jones|You take a universal concept, something that has been done a million times (because everything has been done a million times), and add a fresh twist to it. Something no one saw coming. But mostly fresh writing! Keep it clean, simple, and compelling.
Eloisa James, Duchess By Night|The theme of the book is simple: a man is dying: you feel him sinking throughout the book; his thought and his memories pervade the whole with greater or lesser distinction (like the swell and fall of uneven breathing), now rolling up this image, now that, letting it ride in the wind, or even tossing it out on the shore, where it seems to move and live for a minute on its own and presently is drawn back again by grey seas where it sinks or is strangely transfigured.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Life|... as we age we have not only to readdress earlier developmental crises but also somehow to find the way to three affirmations that may seem to conflict. ... We have to affirm our own life. We have to affirm our own death. And we have to affirm love, both given and received. [p. 88]
Danny Castillones Sillada|The contemplation of suicide, however brooding and painful it might be, is an essential act that may ascend toward something other than what was originally thought of as an end itself, that is, to hastily commit the act without the pleasure of justifying. Like a spiritual meditation, the contemplation of suicide involves a meticulous process of intellectual and emotional planning over some dark and unbearable sleepless nights. Once the thought of suicide has already been decided upon, it becomes irreversible that no amount of justification can change the decision to consummate the act. But life itself is already an act of suicide, to invoke the French-Romanian philosopher Emil Cioran. So why rush, there’s always a romantic way—a particular time or place—to die. (Danny Castillones Sillada, The Pain and the Pleasure of Contemplating Suicide)
Richard Nelson, The Island Within|I breathe in the soft, saturated exhalations of cedar trees and salmonberry bushes, fireweed and wood fern, marsh hawks and meadow voles, marten and harbor seal and blacktail deer. I breathe in the same particles of air that made songs in the throats of hermit thrushes and gave voices to humpback whales, the same particles of air that lifted the wings of bald eagles and buzzed in the flight of hummingbirds, the same particles of air that rushed over the sea in storms, whirled in high mountain snows, whistled across the poles, and whispered through lush equatorial gardens…air that has passed continually through life on earth. I breathe it in, pass it on, share it in equal measure with billions of other living things, endlessly, infinitely.
Thomas Jefferson|Nationalism is a form of cultural self-centeredness, and as a collective thought-form, can only exist because the dominant in-group is itself comprised of self-centered and narcissistic individuals.
Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times: The Play|Rincewind could scream for mercy in nineteen languages, and just scream in another forty-four.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Think about this for a second. Why is it that we would not invest even a single dollar without diversifying it and managing risk, but do exactly the opposite, putting all of our eggs in one basket, with our regular income in our careers?" - Chris Lutz, Modular Career Design
Daniel Radcliffe|I'm lucky because I have a job I love. I really miss being away from home, being in my own bed, seeing my animals and siblings, having my moms cookies. I have a couple cats. I got a kitten about a year ago and now Im going on the road so I wont see him for a while. I feel bad.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The aim is to produce specific results by your actions, so you begin to do things on purpose. If I leave things to chance, I am losing the plot to make success deliberate, meaning I am increasing my chances of failing in any given task.
Agatha Christie, Nemesis|But he had been the victim of the world’s most common crime—his youth had been kidnapped by a thing called time. It had likely also been raped, dismembered, and buried somewhere never to be seen again
Poppet, Sveta|Like opium, nerve annihilation stretches up my veins to pump incinerating anguish through my body.
Ezekiel Emanuel|The future of communicating with customers rests in engaging with them through every possible channel: phone, e-mail, chat, Web, and social networks. Customers are discussing a company's products and brand in real time. Companies need to join the conversation.
JJM|Long time ago I had this thing called hope, but like I said it was long ago
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|I like your glasses,” he said. “I like your Simon Snow T-shirts. I like that you don’t smile at everyone, because then, when you smile at me... Cather.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter: The Prequel|You'll stay with me? Until the very end, said James. They won't be able to see you? asked Harry. We are part of you, said Sirius. Invisible to anyone else.
Dean Koontz|Narcissists are everywhere in this ripe age of self-love, which amazes me because so much in life would seem to foster humility.
Martin M. Stupak|A key to the brighter future is to reassess goals, priorities and do best to make things happen.
Charles Vest|For whatever reason, I didn't succumb to the stereotype that science wasn't for girls. I got encouragement from my parents. I never ran into a teacher or a counselor who told me that science was for boys. A lot of my friends did.
Caroline George, The Vestige|It wouldn’t be very ladylike to punch a guy in the balls, but it isn’t very manlike to harass a woman because she has different parts and a sweet face.
James Scott, Sr. Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Many members of Isis are not sophisticated attackers. The majority of members do not have a technical background. The UCC is predominately capable of hacking soft targets, such as Twitter accounts, and spreading propaganda or defacing websites
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Instead of hating, I have chosen to forgive and spend all of my positive energy on changing the world.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|My mother was a pathetic patchwork witch who had used magic so much to meddle in her own life that she had no integrity left and was nothing but a coil of hatreds consuming themselves in futility. We had already hedged her power, with the help of the fairies.
Hector Avalos|By Hays' reasoning, penetrating a rectum with a penis is a violation of how God meant humans to function. However, penetrating a human body with a sword, a common way to kill people in biblical times, is acceptable. Apparently human bodies were designed to be penetrated by metal implements, but not by flesh.
Kapil Dev|You know, oil prices from 2007, on the strength of a very robust global economy and a very robust emerging China, many of you will recall, ramped up to near $150 a barrel. Then we had the financial - U.S. financial collapse. Oil prices collapsed all the way down to $40 a barrel.
Sudipta   Das, The Extra-Terrestrial Delivery|Like the fragrance of lavender, Love cannot be hidden either..... Sudipta Das in The Extra-Terrestrial Delivery
John Muir, The Wild Muir: Twenty-Two of John Muir's Greatest Adventures|Over the summit, I saw the so-called Mono desert lying dreamily silent in the thick, purple light -- a desert of heavy sun-glare beheld from a desert of ice-burnished granite.
James Qualls, A Gathering of Dreams|If you doubt your sanity, is that proof?
Debasish Mridha|To create emptiness in your heart, let it go with love and fill it with infinite love.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|If we succeed in giving the love of learning, the learning itself is sure to follow.
Brandi Carlile|I got well by talking. Death could not get a word in edgewise, grew discouraged, and traveled on.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|But witnesses incur responsibilities, as anyone who has ever seen a traffic accident and had to go to court to testify, knows. In the new world of globally televised war crimes, the defence of 'not knowing,' or neutrality, will dissolve for everyone. To be a witness or bystander is not a value-free choice but, inadvertently, a moral position; and in this sense the 'guilt' of people who live with the memory of crimes committed by members of their families, or communities, has been unwittingly extended to everyone who watches appalling pictures on the news.
Thomas Harris, Red Dragon|When 1:45 came, half the class left, and Danny Hupfer whispered, "If she gives you a cream puff after we leave, I'm going to kill you" - which was not something that someone headed off to prepare for his bar mitzvah should be thinking.When 1:55 came and the other half of the class left, Meryl Lee whispered, "If she gives you one after we leave, I'm going to do Number 408 to you." I didn't remember what Number 408 was, but it was probably pretty close to what Danny Hupfer had promised.Even Mai Thi looked at me with narrowed eyes and said, "I know your home." Which sounded pretty ominous.
John Cusack|Most lyric poetry is about love, whether yearned after, fulfilled, or wistfully regretted; what isn't tends to consist of laments and cris du coeur over this, that, and the other.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Goals are the result of bringing your dreams, ideas, and ideals into a real and examinable form by giving them permanence in written form.
Scott Snyder, Batman (2011-) #46|Qui-gon shook his head. 'No,' he said firmly. 'I'm not testing you, Obi-wan. Life tests you! Every day it brings you new chances for triumph or defeat. And if you pass the test, it doesn't make you a Jedi. It makes you human.
Peggy Noonan|I have come to the conclusion that just as the Japanese live to work, Asians live to eat.
Shannon Huffman Polson, North of Hope: A Daughter's Arctic Journey|In this waiting, there is witness.
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience|Through prayer, religion insists, things which cannot be realized in any other manner come about: energy which but for prayer would be bound is by prayer set free and operates in some part, be it objective or subjective, of the world of facts.
Mark F. LaMoure|Find mentors to help you out. Always be on the lookout for friendly allies, willing to help and support you. Be willing to help others out too, when asked. What goes around, comes around.
Kapil Sibal|Now a slave is not 'held' by any legal contract, obligation, duty, or authority, which the laws will enforce. He is 'held' only by brute force. One person beats another until the latter will obey him, work for him, if he require it, or do nothing if he require it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There are many things to learn, when will I finish?
Patricia MacLachlan, Baby|...there are some things for which there are no answers, no matter how beautiful the words may be.
Saul Bellow, Humboldt's Gift|When you live in the United States, with the roar of the free market, the roar of this huge military power, the roar of being at the heart of empire, it's hard to hear the whispering of the rest of the world. And I think many US citizens want to. I don't think that all of them necessarily are co-conspirators in this concept of empire. And those who are not, need to listen to other stories in the world - other voices, other people.
Georges Bataille|These studies are the result of my attempt to extract the essence of literature. Literature is either the essential or nothing. I believe that the Evil—an acute form of Evil—which it expresses, has a sovereign value for us. But this concept does not exclude morality: on the contrary, it demands a 'hypermorality.'Literature is communication. Communication requires loyalty. A rigorous morality results from complicity in the knowledge of Evil, which is the basis of intense communication.—Literature and Evil
Michael Stipe|My head works in music, so there's always music there.
Andrew X. Pham, Catfish and Mandala: A Two-Wheeled Voyage Through the Landscape and Memory of Vietnam|Too many things have changed. Too much time has passed. I'm different now, a man with a pocketful of unconnected but terribly vivid memories. I was looking to dredge up what I'd long forgotten. Most of all, I am wishing for something to fasten all these gems, maybe something to hold them in a continuity that I can comprehend.
Horace|If you get down and quarell everyday, you're saying prayers to the devil, I say.
Ann Brashares|If you are distant and misanthropic, selfish or cruel, you will find yourself alone in life and death.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If, as PJ O'Rourke ones quipped, giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys, giving actual money and power to teenage boys (and girls) is as predictably disastrous as you would imagine.
Sarah Sundin, A Memory Between Us|Long ago she'd clamped an iron shell around her heart and nothing and no one could pry it lose, but deep inside the tender flesh still beat.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|My main reason for scepticism about the Huxley/Sagan theory is that the human brain is demonstrably eager to see faces in random patterns, as we know from scientific evidence, on top of the numerous legends about faces of Jesus, or the Virgin Mary, or Mother Teresa, being seen on slices of toast, or pizzas, or patches of damp on a wall. This eagerness is enhanced if the pattern departs from randomness in the specific direction of being symmetrical.
Israelmore Ayivor|When the grass is greener at other people's feet, it is not because the grass chose to take up that complexion. But it is because, they have deliberately irrigated it on regular accounts.
Kelley York, Suicide Watch|Eventually my mother suffered a complete breakdown, and the court orders were finally signed. They took her to the State Mental Hospital at Kalamazoo. My mother remained in the same hospital at Kalamazoo for about 26 years.My last visit, when I knew I would never come to see her again-there-was in 1952. I was twenty-seven. My brother Philbert had told me that on his last visit, she had recognized him somewhat. "In spots" he said.But she didn't recognize me at all.She stared at me. She didn't know who I was.Her mind, when I tried to talk, to reach her, was somewhere else. I asked, "Mama, do you know what day it is?"She said, staring, "All the people have gone."I can't describe how I felt. The woman who had brought me into the world, and nursed me, and advised me, and chastised me, and loved me, didn't know me.It was as if I was trying to walk up the side of a hill of feathers."-Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X
Katherine Reay, The Brontë Plot|Artists create things that point us to beauty, to truth, to God.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|My theme is memory, that winged host that soared about me one grey morning of war-time.These memories, which are my life--for we possess nothing certainly except the past--were always with me. Like the pigeons of St. Mark's, theywere everywhere, under my feet, singly, in pairs, in little honey-voiced congregations, nodding, strutting, winking, rolling the tender feathers of their necks, perching sometimes, if I stood still, on my shoulder or pecking a broken biscuit from between my lips; until, suddenly, the noon gun boomed and in a moment, with a flutter and sweep of wings, the pavement was bare and the whole sky above dark with a tumult of fowl. Thus it was that morning.These memories are the memorials and pledges of the vital hours of a lifetime. These hours of afflatus in the human spirit, the springs of art, are, in their mystery, akin to the epochs of history, when a race which for centuries has lived content, unknown, behind its own frontiers, digging, eating, sleeping, begetting, doing what was requisite for survival and nothing else, will, for a generation or two, stupefy the world; commit all manner of crimes, perhaps; follow the wildest chimeras, go down in the end in agony, but leave behind a record of new heights scaled and new rewards won for all mankind; the vision fades, the soul sickens, and the routine of survival starts again.The human soul enjoys these rare, classic periods, but, apart from them, we are seldom single or unique; we keep company in this world with a hoard of abstractions and reflections and counterfeits of ourselves -- the sensual man, the economic man, the man of reason, the beast, the machine and the sleep-walker, and heaven knows what besides, all in our own image, indistinguishable from ourselves to the outward eye. We get borne along, out of sight in the press, unresisting, till we get the chance to drop behind unnoticed, or to dodge down a side street, pause, breathe freely and take our bearings, or to push ahead, out-distance our shadows, lead them a dance, so that when at length they catch up with us, they look at one another askance, knowing we have a secret we shall never share.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|No, what one wanted, really, was the city or anyone in it to see how one suffered. Of course, this being New York, they'd likely just tell him Get over it . . . Was it possible that the last month had been a kind of judgement on him for ever daring to pretend that anything meant anything at all?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Go the extra mile to do the undone, but work within your limits, and in doing so also, don’t be a coward to question things within your limit that are not all that right, and don’t be too arrogant or proud or be filled with excessive knowledge to do things which might though be within your limit, yet out of limit, for you must live and leave nothing, but distinctive and lasting footprints!
Paula Stokes, Liars, Inc.|Maybe I could dole out the truth in tiny pieces that, once assembled, would make a picture that resembled a reality in which I hadn’t done anything wrong.
Priyanka Chopra|My mom bought me this amazing baby-food maker, the Beaba. I steam and puree fruits and vegetables, and they last for, like, four days.
James Hansen|If you will read again what is written, you will see how it was.
Vikram Singh Slathia|Whenever a person or agency has substantially more power than others, their behaviour are not democratic. and if in any circumstances their acts are not supervised then Power is always misused by certain people.Humanity is most important state and that is missing throughout world.
Erica Jong|Poetry is what we turn to in the most emotional moments of our life - when a beloved friend dies, when a baby is born or when we fall in love.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|When a man’s face contorts in bitterness and hatred, he looks a little insane. When his mood changes from elated to assaultive in the time it takes to turn around, his mental stability seems open to question. When he accuses his partner of plotting to harm him, he seems paranoid. It is no wonder that the partner of an abusive man would come to suspect that he was mentally ill. Yet the great majority of my clients over the years have been psychologically “normal.” Their minds work logically; they understand cause and effect; they don’t hallucinate. Their perceptions of most life circumstances are reasonably accurate. They get good reports at work; they do well in school or training programs; and no one other than their partners—and children—thinks that there is anything wrong with them. Their value system is unhealthy, not their psychology.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Deserted libraries hold the shades of writers who worked within, and are haunted by their absence. 
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|I’m gonna take a nap, Heaven,” he said, wanting away from her to clear his head. He didn’t like feeling uncomfortable in his house.“Haven,” she corrected him as he started to walk away.“I know,” he said. “I kinda like Heaven though.”She turned to him, and their eyes met for the first time since he’d walked into the room. “Me, too.
Gary Lineker|I'm from L.A., so I'm used to seeing people in sunglasses and flip-flops. There's something so romantic about a man in a scarf and a knitted hat.
Chris Beckett|The way I figure it, here in New Earth, men's power has won out over women's power, just like it's done on Mainground. But men still fear women's power. No one ever forgets their mother's power to give them nourishment or withhold it. And men specially don't forget it, because they never grow into women themselves, and never lose a child's craving for the comfort of women's bodies.
Asa Hutchinson|In terms of fashion, I love adding a fun scarf to whatever I'm wearing - it's a great way to dress up a plain outfit!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Reading the Bible has a purifying effect upon the heart and mind. As you read, the Holy Spirit will enlighten the passages for you.
Norman Mailer|I met Jack Kennedy in November, 1946. We were both war heroes, and both of us had just been elected to Congress.
Amin Maalouf, Orígenes|What people had had shed and left--a pair of shoes, a shooting cap, some faded skirts and coats in wardrobes--those alone kept the human shape and in the emptiness indicated how once they were filled and animated; how once hands were busy with hooks and buttons; how once the looking-glass had held a face; had held a world hollowed out in which a figure turned, a hand flashed, the door opened, in came children rushing and tumbling; and went out again. Now, day after day, light turned, like a flower reflected in water, its sharp image on the wall opposite. Only the shadows of the trees, flourishing in the wind, made obeisance on the wall, and for a moment darkened the pool in which light reflected itself; or birds, flying, made a soft spot flutter slowly across the bedroom floor.
J.S. Campbell, Shadow of Truth|Sometimes, the best thing you can do in order to learn about the world around you is to step outside of yourself, remove your routine and watch the happenings about you.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, The White Box Club Handbook: Simple Tools For Career Transition|Change is difficult, but it can be managed when you stay aware of the power of your choices, even if it’s simply your attitude.
Samer Chidiac, 7 Minutes Motivation: The Book|Live Everyday with No Regrets, So you don't Regret it One day.
Richelle E. Goodrich|No matter what you write, no matter how meticulous and painstaking the creation process, someone is going to laugh, scorn, and dissect your work with criticism while another quietly falls in love with it.
Rachael Bermingham|Through adversity, not only are we given an opportunity to discover our inner strength, we are also given the gift of foresight so we can shine a light for others who go through the experience after us.
Ann Medlock|I dread having to call the police, as I have no idea if they will send good cop, bad cop, lying cop, incompetent cop, aggressive cop, assaulting cop, corrupt cop, or the worst one of them all, the terminator cop.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Leave this touching and clawing. Let him be to me a spirit. A message, a thought, a sincerity, a glance from him, I want, but not news nor pottage. I can get politics, and chat, and neighborly conveniences from cheaper companions. Should not the society of my friend be to me poetic, pure, universal, and great as nature itself? Ought I to feel that our tie is profane in comparison with yonder bar of cloud that sleeps on the horizon, or that clump of waving grass that divides the brook? Let us not vilify, bur raise it to that standard. That great, defying eye, that scornful beauty of his mien and action, do not pique yourself on reducing, but rather fortify and enhance.
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|I think, well, I've had a shit of a life, all things considered. It wasn't fair. Everyone I've ever loved is dead, and my leg hurts all the bloody time... But I think, any God that can do sunsets like that, a different one every night... 'Strewth, well, you've got to respect the old bastard, haven't you?
Erich Fromm, Psychoanalysis and Religion|There is nothing inhuman, evil, or irrational which does not give some comfort, provided it is shared by a group.
Yo-Yo Ma|It's not our job to choose the best Sunday school teacher, like Jimmy Carter was. It's our job to choose who would defend and protect our nation, who would be the best president.
Stephen King, Hearts in Atlantis|Sometimes when you're young, you have moments of such happiness, you think you're living on someplace magical, like Atlantis must have been. Then we grow up and our hearts break into two.
Shannon L. Alder|When does God turn a want into a need? When you feel the same way almost every day. Your thoughts can be distracted for a short period of time, but your mind will always take you back to the one place that feels like home.
Franz Kafka, The Penal Colony and Other Stories|And thus it happens that the reader, the closer he comes to the novel's end, the more he wishes he were back in the summer with which it begins, and finally, instead of following the hero onto the cliffs of suicide, joyfully turns back to that summer, content to stay there forever.
Sunday Adelaja|If you serve the king of kings, the rest will serve you, money, success, prosperity, etc
Faleena Hopkins, Joshua|Vampirism: (n) 1. The condition of being a vampire, marked by the need to ingestblood and extreme vulnerability to sunlight. 2. The act of preying upon others forfinancial or emotional gain. 3. A gigantic pain in the butt.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|I narrowed my eyes. Jean stayed awfully well informed about prete politics, and often told me things the Elders hadn't yet learned. I suspected this might be one of those things. "How do you know all this?"He shrugged. "A wise man watches as if her were un aigle and listens as if here were un faucon."Eagles and falcons. Both predators. Appropriate.
Moderata Fonte, The Worth of Women: Wherein Is Clearly Revealed Their Nobility and Their Superiority to Men|When you hear men talking," said Cornelia, "all they ever do is speak ill of women. ... And I don't quite know how they managed to make this law in their favour, or who exactly it was who gave them a greater license to sin than is allowed to us; and if the fault is common to both sexes (as they can hardly deny), why should the blame not be as well? What makes them think they can boast of the same thing that in women brings only shame?
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|There is only one invitation it would kill me to refuse, yet I'm tempted to turn it down all the time. I get the invitation every morning when I wake up to actually live a life of complete engagement, a life of whimsy, a life where love does. It doesn't come in an envelope. It's ushered in by a sunrise, the sound of a bird, or the smell of coffee drifting lazily from the kitchen. It's the invitation to actually live, to fully participate in this amazing life for one more day. Nobody turns down an invitation to the White House, but I've seen plenty of people turn down an invitation to fully live.Turning down this invitation comes in lots of flavors. It looks like numbing yourself or distracting yourself or seeing something really beautiful as normal. It can also look like refusing to forgive or not being grateful or getting wrapped around the axle with fear or envy. I think every day God sends us an invitation to live and sometimes we forget to show up or get head-faked into thinking we haven't really been invited. But you see, we have been invited -- every day, all over again
Criss Jami|Man is the only god of confusion. In a political sense the liberal man is like one shouting over the voice of God thus making it difficult to hear God; the conservative man is like one standing in the way of God, making it difficult to see God.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Burns|When her blue-black eyes lifted to his, everything disappeared. Their bodies dematerialized. The room they were in ceased to exist. Time became nothing. And in the void, in the wormhold, Wrath's chest opened up sure as if he'd been shot, a piercing pain licking over his nerve endings. He knew then that there are many ways for a heart to break. Sometimes it's from the crowding of life, the compression of responsibility and birthright and burden that just squeezed you until you couldn't breathe anymore. Even though your lungs were working just fine. And sometimes it's from the casual cruelty of a fate that took you far from where you had thought you would end up.And sometimes it's age in the face of youth. Or sickness in the face of health. But sometimes it's just because you're looking into the eyes of your lover, and your gratitude for having them in your life overflows...because you showed them what was on the inside and they didn't run scared or turn away: they accepted you and loved you and held you in the midst of your passion or your fear...or your combination of both. Wrath closed his eyes and focused on the soft pulls at his wrist. God, they were just like the beat of his heart. Which made sense.Because she was the center of his chest. And the center of his world.
Edgar Wright|Me and Woody Harrelson, we're twins. We're the same person. I should only make movies with him.
Katie Crouch, Girls in Trucks|We're on speaking terms today. I say, Maybe we should hang out with the boys, and you shake your head. I want to spend time with you, you say. If we're still good, next week maybe.That's the most we can hope for. Nothing thrown, nothing said that we might remember for years. You watch me while you put a brush through your hair. Each strand that breaks is as long as my arm. You don't want to let go, but don't want to be hurt, either. It's not a great place to be but what can I tell you?
