John Tyndall, Faraday as a Discoverer|A great discovery solves a great problem, but there is a grain of discovery in the solution of any problem. Your problem may be modest, but if it challenges your curiosity and brings into play your inventive faculties, and if you solve it by your own means, you may experience the tension and enjoy the triumph of discovery.
Susan Crandall, Whistling Past the Graveyard|She leaned down so she was looking right in my eyes. "You hear me, child. you can't use other folks' bad behavior to excuse your own. When we got a choice, we keep Jesus in our hearts and don't do nothing that would make him ashamed.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|Night is brushed aside like so much cobweb. The day is wound up and begins even before the last haunted dreams, the last of the fog, those spectral and evanescent residues, have faded away.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|Langdon turned to Sophie. "Who is that? What... happened?"Teabing hobbled over. "You were rescued by a knight brandishing an Excalibur made by Acme Orthopedic.
Inara George|We rent one in three tuxedos in the U.S. and Canada, and if we make a mistake, our employees will deliver to the customer's home, office, or wedding. We get a couple hundred letters a week praising the service in our stores.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|Choose God, his word, prayer, and spiritual vitamins. As you fight the battle with these tools, you will also be simultaneously choosing your victory.
Angelina Jolie|The hardest of all is learning to be a well of affection, and not a fountain; to show them we love them not when we feel like it, but when they do.
Sarah Dessen, Once and for All|Isn't that the way everything begins? A night, a love, a once and for all.
Bertrand Russell, Unpopular Essays|Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
Mary Landrieu|If men make war in slavish obedience to rules, they will fail.
Heather Brewer, First Kill|I could read between the lines just as well as anyone, especially Riona. Telling the Queen of Faerie to shut the fuck up probably came with consequences.
Amit Howard|It takes a great woman to respect the little man in her child, and the little child in her man.
Donald Hall|I love Christmas. I'm totally the 'decorate early, start listening to Christmas songs super-early' guy.
William Manchester, The Last Lion 2: Winston Spencer Churchill: Alone, 1932-40|They were following their prime minister, matching their government's mood.
Calvin Coolidge|There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And an outstanding reason for choosing some sort of God or spiritual-type thing to worship--be it J.C. or Allah, be it Yahweh or the Wiccan mother-goddess or the Four Noble Truths or some infrangible set of ethical principles--is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive.
Sophie Jordan, Firelight|He may be stronger, but I'm not defenseless. He knows that, of coarse. That's why he's here. He wants me for what I can do after all.
Jean Baudrillard|He was falling between glacial walls, he didn't know how anyone could fall so far away from everyone else in the world. So far to fall, so cold all the way, so steep and dark between those morphine-coloured walls...
John Oliver|No matter how powerful our political and religious leaders think they are, they are as dust before the immense and implacable forces of history and progress. I just hope that they don't make too much of a mess or take too many more people down with them.
C.J. Roberts|Rumours are like sexually transmitted diseases, both are spread by whores.
Maryam Faresh, Daisy|Valuable and ingenious he might be, thought Jack, fixing him with his glass, but false he was too, and perjured. He had voluntarily sworn to have no truck with vampires, and here, attached to his bosom, spread over it and enfolded by one arm, was a greenish hairy thing, like a mat - a loathsome great vampire of the most poisonous kind, no doubt. ‘I should never have believed it of him: his sacred oath in the morning watch and now he stuffs the ship with vampires; and God knows what is in that bag. No doubt he was tempted, but surely he might blush for his fall?’No blush; nothing but a look of idiot delight as he came slowly up the side, hampered by his burden and comforting it in Portuguese as he came.‘I am happy to see that you were so successful, Dr Maturin,’ he said, looking down into the launch and the canoes, loaded with glowing heaps of oranges and shaddocks, red meat, iguanas, bananas, greenstuff. ‘But I am afraid no vampires can be allowed on board.’‘This is a sloth,’ said Stephen, smiling at him. ‘A three-toed sloth, the most affectionate, discriminating sloth you can imagine!’ The sloth turned its round head, fixed its eyes on Jack, uttered a despairing wail, and buried its face again in Stephen’s shoulder, tightening its grip to the strangling-point.
Robert Anthony|I really enjoy being single again. I spent a lot of time in a relationship and the nearer we came to the end, the more difficult it got. You don't see things clearly as long as you're still involved.
Sarah MacLean|I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit together at the table of brotherhood.
Mehmet Murat ildan|First reach your target in your mind, then reaching your target in reality will just be a formality!
Ruth Ann Nordin, The Earl's Inconvenient Wife|I'm going to bed, where I may die.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|The conundrum of sanity and insanity, is that it serves us to be some of each. It's really only a question of degrees. You cannot possibly be 100% adjusted and live in this INSANE world. A little bit of crazy is a coping skill.
Jack Kerouac|Sometimes the more you try to focus on something, the less you really see it's beauty. - Burnum (Aboriginal Guide)
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|Empathy is a kind of care but it’s not the only kind of care, and it’s not always enough.
Tina Beattie, The New Atheists: The Twilight of Reason & the War on Religion|I want you to learn right at the outset not to play with the spoon before you take the medicine. Putting off an easy thing makes it hard, and putting off a hard one makes it impossible. Procrastination is the longest word in the language, but there’s only one letter between its ends when they occupy their proper places in the alphabet.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|We are not worshipping anyone or anything, we are simply communing with creation.
Cameron Dokey, Kissed:  Once Upon A Time Omnibus Belle/Sunlight and Shadow/Winter's Child|How much easier my life would be if I did not love you! I thought. How much less painful, but how much plainer. How much less color there would be in the world.
Quentin Crisp|I am unable to believe in a God susceptible to prayer. I simply haven't the nerve to imagine a being, a force, a cause which keeps the planets revolving in their orbits, and then suddenly stops in order to give me a bicycle with three speeds.
Marcus Samuelsson|I throw a Christmas party at my house. It's not really a Christmas party, because I don't want to call it a Christmas party. But let's just say I put a lot of Christmas trees around the house, so it smells good.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Altogether, I can't imagine technology replacing bookstores completely, any more than movies about a country replace going there.
Naomi Stadlen, What Mothers Do: especially when it looks like nothing|I thought of my mother as Queen Christina, cool and sad, eyes trained on some distant horizon. That was where she belonged, in furs and palaces of rare treasures, fireplaces large enough to roast a reindeer, ships of Swedish maple.
Jessica Day George, Princess of Glass|She hated him and loved him, longed for him and loathed him, and cursed herself for feeling anything at all
Jon Morrison, Clear Minds & Dirty Feet: A Reason to Hope, a Message to Share|The truth is that science has not disproved the existence of God. Many eminent scientists find that their work and their faith are complementary. Though science cannot give us the meaning of life, morality, love, or any of the other things that mean most to us, we can all learn a great deal about God’s world through scientific discovery. The real tension lies in the way discoveries are reported. How the data are shared reveals something about the presupposition of the one writing the report - whether that person has a particular bias or whether the report is simply a neutral observation of data. Due to differences in worldview, it is understandable that atheistic and theistic scientists will interpret data differently. They will draw from other fields such as psychology, philosophy, or theology. We must all be aware of the biases we bring into all of our work, science included. The church may have a reputation for suppressing scientific discovery but I am confident that this is being corrected today with the high level scholarly work being done by eminent Christians in all fields of science.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|Jesus' willingness to accommodate Thomas' unbelief is a reminder that God can handle our doubt. And that the rationalist doesn't need to see, touch, or run a lab test in order to believe in the resurrected Christ. Jesus told him, “You believe because you have seen me. Blessed are those who believe without seeing me” (Jn 20:29) This is not a plea to accept what goes against reason, but it is an invitation to discover a faith that goes beyond it. The example of Thomas is for the stubborn skeptic in us all.
Harry Blamires, Highway To Heaven|...the wise words of a friend and guide rang in my head. 'How would you distinguish a true servant of God from a traitor?...You should take especial notice of how a person speaks, not of other things, but of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Giving back is so important. Give back to your communities in whatever way you can. With donations, items or with your time. The Universe blesses a generous heart.
Ira Remsen|Sacredness binds people together, and then blinds them to the arbitrariness of the practice.
Gustave Flaubert|My foregrounds are imaginary, my backgrounds real.
Sarah  Richards, Taken in the Woods|Remember you’ve done nothing wrong. You aren’t responsible for what has happened, but you will be responsible for what may happen if you don’t trust your parents to help.” [said Craig]
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|There was a considerable difference between the ages of my parents, but this circumstance seemed to unite them only closer in bonds of devoted affection.
David Mills, Atheist Universe: The Thinking Person's Answer to Christian Fundamentalism|For in disease the most voluntary or most special movements, faculties, etc., suffer first and most, that is in an order the exact opposite of evolution. Therefore I call this the principle of Dissolution.
Edward G. Ryan|Ronald Reagan goes around saying that Nicaragua is communist and that communism is a threat to Central America. Why doesn't he say that he's a big capitalist, and that capitalism has made a great mess of Central America? Why doesn't he talk about what capitalism has done? We don't know what communism is, but we sure know what capitalism has done for us!
Mari Mancusi, Stake That|You, child, do not deserve the gift of Undeath bestowed upon you. Oh yes, I hear reports of your works and deeds. I am like the Lord God, counting the sparrows from my throne. I number all the birds and bees in my realm. Six years you’ve spent in Dagon’s service, and for what? You’re as weak as a newborn, as frightened as a lycan pup. You do not fight our enemies, nor contribute to our cause, nor enrich our coffers. You do not deserve a nanorian. I shall pry it from your heart until you learn to live among us, as one of us. We, who are abominable to the light of the sun.
Anshul Dubey|If you are still breathing, you are not a looser as you still have opportunity to bring change.
Cyc Jouzy|I Think The Fact That A Human Being Created "Dettol" ... A Product Which Protects You 99%You Should Learn That Nothing In This World Can Do It 100% Except God.
S.E. Hinton, The Outsiders|...At least you got Soda. I ain't got nobody.' 'Shoot,' I said, startled out of my misery, 'you got the whole gang. Dally didn't slug you tonight cause you're the pet. I mean, golly, Johnny, you got the whole gang.' 'It ain't the same as having your own folks care about you,' Johnny said simply. 'it just ain't the same.
Bill Mollison|Those dripping crumpets, I can see them now. Tiny crisp wedges of toast, and piping-hot, flaky scones. Sandwiches of unknown nature, mysteriously flavoured and quite delectable, and that very special gingerbread. Angel cake, that melted in the mouth, and his rather stodgier companion, bursting with peel and raisins. There was enough food there to keep a starving family for a week.
Roxane Gay|The ultimate decision [of wearing hijab] must be that of the individual. Western opinions on the hijab or burkas are rather irrelevant. We don't get to decide for Muslim women what does or does not oppress them, no matter how highly we think of ourselves.
Julie Garwood, The Secret|Don't you want me to kiss you goodbye, sweetie?""Kiss a cow farm boy
Fakeer Ishavardas|If proof were the standard of truth, fallacies would constitute the ultimate reality.
Lily Allen|Love gives without expectation, while hate carries an endless tally of debts.
Igjugarjuk|The only true wisdom lives far from mankind, out in the great loneliness, and it can be reached only through suffering. Privation and suffering alone can open the mind of man to all that is hidden to others.
Christopher Marlowe|My NFL pension can barely pay my son's tuition. You know, it's very little money.
J. Paul Getty|If you realize all the time what's kind of wonderful - that is, if we expand our experience into wilder and wilder regions of experience - every once in a while, we have these integrations when everything's pulled together into a unification, in which it turns out to be simpler than it looked before.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your children are not your children.They are the sons and daughters of Life's longing for itself.They come through you but not from you,And though they are with you yet they belong not to you.You may give them your love but not your thoughts, For they have their own thoughts.You may house their bodies but not their souls,For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you.For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday.You are the bows from which your childrenas living arrows are sent forth.The archer sees the mark upon the path of the infinite, and He bends you with His might that His arrows may go swift and far.Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness;For even as He loves the arrow that flies, so He loves also the bow that is stable.
M.T. Anderson, Feed|It was a strange moment, like when you get sad after sex, and it feels like it's too late in the afternoon, even if it's morning, or night, and you turn away from the other person, and they turn away from you, and you lie there, and when you turn back towards them you can both see each other's moles. Usually there seem to shadows from Venetian blinds all across your legs.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|But can't you even imagine what it must feel like to have a true home? I don't mean heaven. I mean a real earthly home. Not some fortress you bought and built up and have to keep everybody locked in or out. A real home. Not some place you went to and invaded and slaughtered people to get. Not some place you claimed, snatched because you got the guns. Not some place you stole from the people living there, but your own home, where if you go back past your great-great-grandparents, past theirs, and theirs, past the whole of Western history, past the beginning of organized knowledge, past pyramids and poison bows, on back to when rain was new, before plants forgot they could sing and birds thought they were fish, back when God said Good! Good!-- there, right there where you know your own people were born and lived and died. Imagine that, Pat. That place. Who was God talking to if not to my people living in my home?""You preaching, Reverend.""No, I'm talking to you, Pat. I'm talking to you.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Sitting on the floor, I'd replay the past in my head. Funny, that's all I did, day after day after day for half a year, and I never tired of it. What I'd been through seemed so vast, with so many facets. Vast, but real, very real, which was why the experience persisted in towering before me, like a monument lit up at night. And the thing was, it was a monument to me.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Being in the mood to write, like being in the mood to make love, is a luxury that isn't necessary in a long-term relationship. Just as the first caress can lead to a change of heart, the first sentence, however tentative and awkward, can lead to a desire to go just a little further.
Jermaine Watkins, The Heart Train: Episode 1 of the Hartford Series Singles|From the moment of birth, folks suddenly wanted what others said they could not have. Kids craved the most sugary sweets how alcoholics thirsted for one more drink with the most impactful punch.
Sweet Tart Smile Child|I sidestepped the vampire's rush, and drove my half of the former blasting rod down at its back, Buffy-like.Maybe it works better on television.
Neil A. Hogan|She resolved, at forty-some, that since she herself must die, she would do it as gracefully as possible, as free as possible from vomitings, moans, the ignominy of basins, bedsores, and enemas, not to mention the intenser ignominious dependence of weak knees and various torments of the troubled mind.
Melanie Greenberg|Work with "what is" rather than "what if" and you will move towards "what can be.
Aldous Huxley|The physique of a Messiah. But too clever to believe in God or be convinced of his own mission. And too sensitive, even if he were convinced, to carry it out. His muscles would like to act and his feelings would like to believe; but his nerve-endings and his cleverness won't allow it.
Christy Turlington|Seeing yourself in print is such an amazing concept: you can get so much attention without having to actually show up somewhere... You don't have to dress up, for instance, and you can't hear them boo you right away.
Tim Relf, Stag|There is a moment when time stops, when the air grows still, when you enter a state of nothingness, a state of purity and perfection. That is the moment to strive for.
Kellyn Roth, The Dressmaker's Secret|- You see a man and you just play with him, because you know you can.- I play with women too. I believe in equal rights, she said, looking in the mirror.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is all I have, it is enough!
Gary   Hopkins|Taking part in your own creation is as simple as changing your mind. The way you think literally creates your everyday reality. Obsessive and negative thinking fosters a negative or even hostile lifestyle. Positive and constructive thoughts create happiness and contentment in the same manor. The fortunate thing for us is that the frequency wave of a positive thought far exceeds that of a negative one, so even if we suffer through a bout of depression or anger, a few positive thoughts can easily reverse the damage we have created in ourselves
Wislawa Szymborska|It is the province of poetry to be more realistic and present than the artificial narratives of an outer discourse, and not afraid of the truthful difficulty of the average human life.
|Why belittle others and make a lot of enemies for yourself, when you could earn their utmost respect by teaching them some valuable things?
Holly Black, Red Glove|Baby," she says in a harsh whisper, "in this world, lots of people will try to grind you down. They need you to be small so they can be big. You let them think whatever they want, but you make sure you get yours. You get yours.
Louis C. K.|Ministers should be Bible students. They should thoroughly furnish themselves with the evidences of our faith and hope, and then, with full control of the voice and their feelings, present these evidences in such a manner that the people can calmly weigh them, and decide upon the evidences presented.
Thomas E. Sanders, Twenty Talks to Teachers|The school takes its coloring from yourown attitude,
Heinrich Heine|That one of history’s greatest brains struggled with amo, amas, amat should be consolation to anyone who has ever tried to learn a second language.
Julien Smith|Getting lost is not fatal. Almost every time, it will make your world.
Sean Michael, Owned|Acting so obviously submissive to Max around strangers, I felt a lot of humiliation. The looks from people, the comments. But I also felt this strange sense of pride. I am his possession, his property. And I'm proud of that. I'm proud of how happy I make him.
Socrates|Law is nothing other than a certain ordinance of reason for the common good, promulgated by the person who has the care of the community.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Everybody finds themselves sometimes deficient in what they need, and put to inconvenience ... the richest people may easily be without something they want, and that is practically to suffer poverty. Accept such occurrences cheerfully, rejoice in them, bear them willingly.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Yet there are moments when the walls of the mind grow thin; when nothing is unabsorbed, and I could fancy that we might blow so vast a bubble that the sun might set and rise in it and we might take the blue of midday and the black of midnight and be cast off and escape from here and now.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|What is serious in laughing, worrying, grieving, mourning, concerning about anything which is temporary? Well, it is funny, actually, when you know life isn't immortal.
Lidia Yuknavitch, The Small Backs of Children|Nay, he needs a woman, not a girl. And Laoghaire will be a girl when she’s fifty.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|In the darkest of places, even the slightest glimmer of Light shines as the Sun.
George Washington Carver|The question "Who ought to be boss" is like asking "Who ought to be tenor in the quartet?" Obviously  the man who can sing tenor.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You|You had this expression on your face, like you weren’t quite sure you were supposed to be on Earth.
John Barnes, One for the Morning Glory|Australian Aborigines say that the big stories — the stories worth telling and retelling, the ones in which you may find the meaning of your life — are forever stalking the right teller, sniffing and tracking like predators hunting their prey in the bush.
Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|I have lived through much, and now I think I have found what is needed for happiness. A quiet secluded life in the country, with the possibility of being useful to people to whom it is easy to do good, and who are not accustomed to have it done to them; then work which one hopes may be of some use; then rest, nature, books , music, love for one's neighbor - such is my idea of happiness. And then, on top of all that, you for a mate, and children, perhaps - what more can the heart of a man desire?
Ray Bradbury|I worry that business leaders are more interested in material gain than they are in having the patience to build up a strong organization, and a strong organization starts with caring for their people.
Sarah Helm, Ravensbruck: Life and Death in Hitler's Concentration Camp for Women|How many rapes occurred inside the walls of the main camp of Ravensbrück is hard to put a figure to: so many of the victims—already, as Ilse Heinrich said, half dead—did not survive long enough after the war to talk about it. While many older Soviet women were reluctant to talk of the rape, younger survivors feel less restraint today. Nadia Vasilyeva was one of the Red Army nurses who were cornered by the Germans on the cliffs of the Crimea. Three years later in Neustrelitz, northwest of Ravensbrück, she and scores of other Red Army women were cornered again, this time by their own Soviet liberators intent on mass rape. Other women make no excuses for the Soviet rapists. ‘They were demanding payment for liberation,’ said Ilena Barsukova. ‘The Germans never raped the prisoners because we were Russian swine, but our own soldiers raped us. We were disgusted that they behaved like this. Stalin had said that no soldiers should be taken prisoner, so they felt they could treat us like dirt.’Like the Russians, Polish survivors were also reluctant for many years to talk of Red Army rape. ‘We were terrified by our Russian liberators,’ said Krystyna Zając. ‘But we could not talk about it later because of the communists who had by then taken over in Poland.’ Nevertheless, Poles, Yugoslavs, Czechs and French survivors all left accounts of being raped as soon as they reached the Soviet lines. They talked of being ‘hunted down’, ‘captured’ or ‘cornered’ and then raped.In her memoirs Wanda Wojtasik, one of the rabbits, says it was impossible to encounter a single Russian without being raped. As she, Krysia and their Lublin friends tried to head east towards their home, they were attacked at every turn. Sometimes the approach would begin with romantic overtures from ‘handsome men’, but these approaches soon degenerated into harassment and then rape. Wanda did not say she was raped herself, but describes episodes where soldiers pounced on friends, or attacked them in houses where they sheltered, or dragged women off behind trees, who then reappeared sobbing and screaming. ‘After a while we never accepted lifts and didn’t dare go near any villages, and when we slept someone always stood watch.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|For good people to do evil doesn't require only religion, or even any religion, but simply one of it's key elements: belief without evidence-in other words, faith.And that kind of faith is seen not just in religion, but any authoritarian ideology that puts dogma above truth and frowns on dissent.This was precisely the case in the totalitarian regimes of Maoist China and Stalinist Russia, whose excesses are often (and wrongly) blamed on atheism.
Lucian Bane, Dom Wars: Round Four|The moon is a loyal companion. It never leaves. It’s always there, watching, steadfast, knowing us in our light and dark moments, changing forever just as we do.
Nebo D. Lukovich, Inner Peace, Outer Success: The Reintegration System: Spiritual Growth, Healing, Solving Problems and Achieving Goals with Cutting-Edge Mind Techniques|The world outside is a strange, but relentless mirror.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|Whatever ‘I AM,’ you are! You are, I AM, not me you see, but you are ‘I AM’ is what will be!”Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|There was once a time when darkness shrouded the world, and the darkness had a queen.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|‎"Sarge, mr. Nurd here is threatening to turn me to jelly.""really?" said Sarge. "what flavor?
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|As he was bringing his hands up her sides, his fingers just barely brushed the outer curve of her breasts, and she gasped into his mouth.Shane immediately sat her upright, and moved to the other end of the couch. His face was flushed; his eyes were bright and no longer looked even a little bit tired. “No,’” he said, and held out his hand like a traffic cop when she tried to scoot closer. “Red flag. If you make that sound again, we are in trouble. Or I am, anyway.
Debasish Mridha|Before giving up, try hard.
José Saramago, The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis|a man was on his way to the gallows when he met another, who asked him: where are you going, my friend? and the condemned man replied: i'm not going anywhere. they're taking me by force.
Aishabella Sheikh, Jungle Princess|The doubter doesn't sure which one is right,but it tends to demean other people's beliefs.
Richard M. Nixon|What's it like to envision the ten-thousand-year environmental impact of tossing a plastic bottle into the trash bin, all in the single second it takes to actually toss it? Or the ten-thousand-year history of the fossil fuel being burned to drive to work or iron a shirt? It may be environmentally progressive, but it's not altogether pleasant.
Atul Purohit|Really, Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy... Human beings have the awesome ability to take any experience of their lives and create a meaning that dis-empowers them or one that can literally save their lives....gone through many different phases of Destines and that's what made me to pen down... hope it won't screw-up me again....Something beyond love...
Henri Nouwen|When I was growing up, my mother was always a friend to my siblings and me (in addition to being all the other things a mom is), and I was always grateful for that because I knew she was someone I could talk to and joke with, and argue with and that nothing would ever harm that friendship.
Tai, Cupid's Academy: The Miseducation of Mergatroyd, Love god in Training|We came upon a massacre at the Shrine of Prometheus. The humans were ripped to shreds. There was no one ieft alive to say what happened, said Eros.
Kate Atkinson, A God in Ruins|Jesus, Lacey. You just scared me half to death."I forced a laugh. "Only half? Damn.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Don’t talk like that, Dill,” said Aunt Alexandra. “It’s not becoming to a child. It’s – cynical.”“I ain’t cynical, Miss Alexandra. Tellin’ the truth’s not cynical, is it?”“The way you tell it, it is.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Without faith, it is impossible to succeed. It takes faith to grow, change or move out of your comfort zone. All external interventions become futile without the personal and internalized buy-in from the spirit-man who needs to change towards a given success destination.
Becky Chambers, The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet|The significance of [the fine-structure constant] goes far beyond atomic physics, however. It is the smallness of 1/137 compared to unity that enables us to treat the coupling between the electromagnetic field and a charged particle such as an electron as a small perturbation, a fact of great computational importance. [Forces of Nature]
Joy Page|I did a cake for the 60th birthday of Elton John, for Britney Spears' 27th birthday and for the 'Circus' album she put out - the cake had circus themes. I prepared a cake for a surprise 82nd birthday event for the architect Frank Gehry; the cake was comprised of mini-replicas of his buildings.
Sage Blackwood, Jinx|Most people willingly deceive themselves with a doubly false faith; they believe in eternal memory (of men, things, deeds, peoples) and in rectification (of deeds, errors, sins, injustice). Both are sham. The truth lies at the opposite end of the scale: everything will be forgotten and nothing will be rectified. All rectification (both vengeance and forgiveness) will be taken over by oblivion.
Val Kilmer|We have allowed a situation to develop in which it is legal for a multibillion dollar industry to own, wholly and in perpetuity, the intimate and personal details of children.
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|We draw into our life those who will help us to grow. Naturally, we tend to have mixed feelings about those very people but they are marked for us. We have forgotten that we wrote them an invitation some time ago. We look at them as if they are intruders when all along they are our guests.
Russell Kirk|If you want to have order in the commonwealth, you first have to have order in the individual soul.
Rupert Sheldrake|Russians clearly perceive America's global influence as being in irreversible decline and American society shattered by major political, economic and ideological crises.
Donna Karan|When a young non-white male is stopped and searched at the whim of a police officer, his idea of personal space, privacy and self esteem are shattered, to say nothing of his Fourth and Fourteenth Amendment protections. The damage goes deep quickly and stays. Stop & frisk, as well as a tactic, is also an incitement.
Nancy B. Brewer, Garnet| so this is my collection of human body parts, Dr. Silkston," he said proudly, walking into the storeroom. "each organ is here fro a reason, a purpose. you see this one," he said, pointing to a cylinder containing what appeared to Thomas to be a section of a small intestine with a hole in it. "'Tis a duelist's jejunum. that is the bullet hole, right through the middle. and this, this is the Marquis of Rockingham's heart," he announced proudly. " he gave me a permission to have it a fore he died
Idav Kelly, The Leprechaun Delusion|She was wise enough to hold her tongue. As this is the only instance known of a Woman's ever having done so, it was judged worthy to be recorded here.
Ilene Beckerman|When I was your age...I wish I'd known that I already had everything I needed within myself to be happy, instead of looking for happiness at beauty counters.
Summer Sanders|I think it's really important that I'm not the only model in the world that goes through personal problems. People forget that we're human. We don't get to call in sick. You have to go and put on a smile. Every single day is a first impression, so you can't have a bummed-out day.
Andrew Peterson, The Warden and the Wolf King|In the moments of your deepest need, despair and desperation, what you need more than any other thing, is calm and faith.
Holly Holm|What a child can do in cooperation today, he can do alone tomorrow.
Angie karan|When your heart, mind and soul is in harmony - you walk with love, you walk with beauty.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|Commander, I always used to consider that you had a definite anti-authoritarian streak in you.”“Sir?”“It seems that you have managed to retain this even though you are authority.”“Sir?”“That’s practically zen.
K.J. Kilton|One day, you muster the courage and let go of the fear. In a brief moment of insanity, you give wings to the stories you had wanted to tell; some you didn't even know were in you. In that instant, something about you changes. You are born again.That is not to say the fear and worry and second-guessing go away. They are there. But you learn to cope with them. You learn that they don't control you at all times. In those fleeting moments of freedom, you have the power. You know you are not perfect. You realize no one was born perfect. No one. Rome wasn’t built in a day either.A weird thing happens when you get a glimpse of that side of you. A child-like zeal possesses you. It is addictive. You discover your voice. You matter. Maybe not to the world, yet. You matter to yourself. You are worthy. You are alive. You can be.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|God cannot be happy when we ignore such issues as crime, corruption, alcoholism and child neglect
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|He must have been handsome when he was alive and was handsome still, although made monstrous by his pallor and her awareness of what he was. His mouth looked soft, his cheekbones as sharp as blades, and his jaw curved, giving him an off-kilter beauty. His black hair a mad forest of dirty curls.
Genesis P-Orridge|I say, ‘We believe in a Christ’. If that being existed physically or not, it’s still important, because the message was so basic and sensible and powerful, that we should live by those truths. Love, compassion, generosity. God doesn’t punish anyone. Churches aren’t needed. Money in connection to belief is an abomination. They say, ‘Oh…’. Then they quote the Old Testament.
Oscar Wilde|To get back my youth I would do anything in the world, except take exercise, get up early, or be respectable.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|The past cannot be redeamed. What has been and what might have been both bring us to what is. To know grief, we must be in the river of time, because grief thrives in the present and promises to be with us in the future until the end point. Only time conquers time and its burdens. There is no grief before or after time, which is all the consolation we should need.
Susan Griffin, A Chorus of Stones: The Private Life of War|I am not so different in my history of abandonment from anyone else after all. We have all been split away from each other, the earth, ourselves.
Debasish Mridha|There is no good day or a bad day, but our perception makes it so.
Nick Lampson|Peasants, who after the liberation of the country became the masters of their lands and their country under the benevolence of Comrade Kim Il Sung, launched the campaigns for increasing agricultural production and donating cereals out of patriotism, and thus faithfully supported the Party's line of nation building.
Abraham de Moivre, The Doctrine of Chances: Or a Method of Calculating the Probability of Events in Play|We men of intelligence will learn to harness the insanities of reason. We can't leave the world any longer to the direction of chance. We can't allow dangerous maniacs like Luther, mad about dogma, like Napoleon, mad about himself, to go on casually appearing and turning everything upside down. In the past it didn't so much matter; but our modern machine is too delicate. A few more knocks like the Great War, another Luther or two, and the whole concern will go to pieces. In future, the men of reason must see that the madness of the world's maniacs is canalised into proper channels, is made to do useful work, like a mountain torrent driving a dynamo...
Kent Alan Robinson, UnSend: Email, text, and social media disasters...and how to avoid them|A car crash at seventy-five miles an hour results in glass and steel strewn about the roadway. Emergency workers attend to the injured drivers, passengers and bystanders, and remove the wreckage. An electronic communication wreck lacks the visual drama, but imparts damage just as real and just as permanent. A momentary lapse in judgment may prove catastrophic for the writer, their family, coworkers, and stakeholders.
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|A child with minimal video and TV exposure... might be more naive about social ills but at the same time more sophisticated in inner direction, self-discipline, and the realities of her actual physical world.
Debasish Mridha|Art is an imagination, projection, and reflection of the mind in a particular form that society can internalize and enjoy.
Herbert Butterfield, Origins Of History|The raconteur knows too well that, if he investigates the truth of the matter, he is only too likely to lose his good story.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sometimes I’m asked to list the most important steps in preparing for an evangelistic mission, and my reply is always the same: prayer . . . prayer . . . prayer.
Mensah Oteh|To succeed, you have to say ‘no’ more often than you say ‘yes’. This is easier when you have a definite purpose or clarity on the desired outcome.
Debasish Mridha|Focus your mind on love, peace and harmony.It will vanish fear, doubt and disharmony.
Ani DiFranco|I am not an angry girlBut it seems like I’ve got everyone fooledEvery time I say something they find hard to hearThey chalk it up to my anger, and never to their own fear
Auliq Ice|And the point is to live everything. Live the questions now. Perhaps then, someday far into the future, you will gradually, without even noticing it, live your way into the answer.
Clara Winter, The Seafarer|She wanted to burn the whole place to ashes but, at the same time, it would be kind of nice to see it again. Home.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Frequent risk-takers have had their fair shares of failures and successes, hence, being confident in reaching their goals, they will usually seem insensitive to whether or not they look foolish or cool to other people.
Fred Hampton|Pope John Paul II was a man of peace, a friend of the Jewish nation... and worked for the historic reconciliation between the nations and for the renewal of diplomatic ties between Israel and the Vatican at the end of 1993.
Viraj J Mahajan|If you feel like you're drowning, don't forget that it is just a feeling; it will pass with love and care. If you're actually drowning, then how are you reading this?
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|Fuckin' my man in my bed," he said over Gabriel's shoulder. "You got some goddamn nerve, girl.
Lucille Roybal-Allard|If there's anything about the business that I love and that I'm extremely happy about, is that my career started at that time and that I met some of the greatest entertainers at that time and some are still here.
Albert Camus, The Plague|In a certain sense it might well be said that his was an exemplary life. He was one of those rare people, rare in our town as elsewhere, who have the courage of their good feelings. What little he told of his personal life vouched for acts of kindness and a capacity for affection that no one in our times dares own to. Without a blush he confessed to dearly loving his nephews and sister, his only surviving near relation, whom he went to France to visit every other year. He admitted that the thought of his parents, whom he lost when he was very young, often gave him a pang. He did not conceal the fact that he had a special affection for a church bell in his part of the town which started pealing very melodiously at about five every afternoon.
Gaelen Foley, The Pirate Prince|You’re not terrified of me. You’re terrified of letting yourself care for me, and I can’t say I blame you. People who love me usually end up dead. But you see, I’m not going to give you any choice. You belong to me now whether you like it or not.”“I don’t like it, not one bit!”“Try to escape,” he suggested coolly. “Go ahead. See what happens. Give me one excuse to take what I want from you, even if it is against your will. I want you that much. Too damned much.” He turned without warning and kissed her, flattening her back against the pine mast.
Ben Goldacre, Bad Science: Quacks, Hacks, and Big Pharma Flacks|Homeopathy pills are, after all, empty little sugar pills which seem to work, and so they embody [..] how we can be misled into thinking that any intervention is more effective than it really is.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Most people are fine with fineand okay with okay.If you want to be the best youcan be, make sure you’re not.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|When someone is in need of healing, it is good to pray for wisdom from our Father because there may be an open door to sickness in their lives that they have not yet considered.
Rafael Nadal i Farreras|If you fight for yourself, you have awakened your conscience, but if you fight for people you will awaken a nation.
Jeffrey Fry|if you wanted to see me dead,you would whisper and i could kill self for you happiness it was a small thing but you made yourself corrupt for very small thing
Pamela Druckerman, Bringing Up Bébé: One American Mother Discovers the Wisdom of French Parenting|A challenging career suddenly seemed more productive to me because I could measure the results of my work. These precious little ones had endless needs. They were busy little sinful creatures who demanded all of my body, time, life, emotions, and attention! As much as I loved my children, I often felt like a failure. Surely someone else could do a better job with these precious ones than I. And what exactly was I supposed to be accomplishing anyway? Was I wasting my time? What had this husband, who professed to love me, done to me?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|You don’t want atheism shoved down your throat? OK. We will stock knocking on doors spreading our ‘Truth,’ and having tax-exempt organizations dedicated to atheism that have influential political action committees. We will also stop printing ‘In atheism we trust’ on all US currency and saying, ‘One nation, under atheism” in the pledge of allegiance. We will also stop insisting that everyone who disagrees with us will be sentence to eternal damnation… Wait…
Shatrujeet Nath, The Conspiracy at Meru|The outcome of battle is never in a warrior’s control. What is in his control is how he chooses to fight and what he chooses to fight for. Today, I choose to fight to keep the Anartas and Sindhuvarta free of the invaders – and I choose to fight such that the enemy will speak of me in their legends for generations to come.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|What condemnation could possibly be more harsh than one’s own, when self-pretense is no longer possible?
Jason Schwartzman|When thinking about companions gone, we feel ourselves doubly alone.
Debasish Mridha|Every day, do one thing to help someone without expecting anything in return.
Debasish Mridha|We think that time is changing, but that may not be true. Everything else is changing and time is standing still and watching.
Georgia Saratsioti, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you; you were a zombie in a post-apocalyptic world. I was the only human left, you tried to bite me and I said no. We became good friends.
Hans Selye, From Dream To Discovery: On Being A Scientist|Evolution is an integration of matter and concomitant dissipation of motion during which the matter passes from an indefinite incoherent homogeneity to a definite coherent heterogeneity, and during which the retained motion undergoes a parallel transformation.
Ian  McClellan, Zombie Apocalypse 2012: A Political Horror Story|Nicky turned and bolted. He’d only had about a thirty foot head start and a few were closing ground on him quickly. He cursed his hundred-dollar shoes and his vanity. The shoes looked great, but were definitely not made for running, nor was the suit he was wearing. He vowed that if he made it out of there alive, he’d only wear sneakers and track suits for the rest of his days. "Of course, I’ll probably be laughed out of the mob, but I don’t care at this point.
Wallace Stevens, The Collected Poems|The villages slept as the capable man went down,Time swished on the village clocks and dreams were alive,The enormous gongs gave edges to their sounds,As the rider, no chevalere and poorly dressed,Impatient of the bells and midnight forms,Rode over the picket docks, rode down the road,And, capable, created in his mind,Eventual victor, out of the martyr's bones,The ultimate elegance: the imagined land.
Jonas Eriksson, Hollywood Ass.|I love coming back into Chersonesus in the afternoon; the city is lit up by the sun beginning to set. The sound of the water rushing past the hull, and the sky is as blue as Helena’s eyes.”“Did I hear a woman’s name?
Akshay Vasu|It hurts, doesn't it? Giving someone everything you can think of. The wings to fly and roots to stay and yet watch them choose none of those, leaving you hanging in the middle of void and nothingness.
Alan Shepard|You better get used to touchy-feely around here, sweetie
Pope John Paul II|The role of a goalkeeper is difficult to judge, above all if you haven't been a goalkeeper. It's like me giving an opinion on someone's job without having had any experience in their sector. You start to realise how many stupid things are said and written about goalkeepers.
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|Once upon a time, when the evil spirit of darkness reigned over the Land of Azerbaijan, hiding the sun inside his underground caves,When the orphan sky peered at the Caucasus Mountains from the black dome of sorrow,When the rain shed its tears of ice upon the barren earth…
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When there is a beautiful reflection, we know not where to look, to the reflection or to the reflected!
RVM|Far greater than all the material possessions that I possess, is my Freedom to Choose, my Freedom to Live, and my Freedom to be Happy.- RVM
Ruth Minshull|If Mom is convinced that ballet lessons are a must, she shouldtake them.Although it may look odd to see a thirty-year old woman hang- ing onto a bar and flinging a slightly plump leg in the air, the sight is not as pathetic as seeing her seven-year old daughter grimly going through such motions just to please her mother, when she would prefer to be at home designing new doll clothes.Although some parents are never quite ready to accept this fact, the child is not one of our possessions. We don’t own him; we never will. We gave birth to his body; he may share some of our physical characteristics; but he does not inherit our desires.He’s a different person, a separate entity, with his own likes and dislikes.It’s a grave mistake to try to override a child’s power of choice in what he wants to be and do. Some parents do this in an attempt to live their lives through the child.
J.B. Phillips|It is refreshing, and salutary, to study the poise and quietness of Christ. His task and responsibility might well have driven a man out of his mind. But He was never in a hurry, never impressed by numbers, never a slave of the clock.
Margaret Atwood|Those who wake at this hour feel a lonely separation from everyone but night birds and ghost crabs, never imagining the legion of kindred souls scattered in the darkness, who stare at ceilings and pace floors and look out windows and covet and worry and mourn.
Brené Brown|Perfectionism is a self destructive and addictive belief system that fuels this primary thought: If I look perfect, and do everything perfectly, I can avoid or minimize the painful feelings of shame, judgment, and blame.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|This tendency to defend a belief structure is true in all cases, even the rational. Never underestimate our ability to convince ourselves of what we wish to be true, especially if we have invested time and money in our beliefs.
Neil  Hayes, When the Game Stands Tall, Special Movie Edition: The Story of the De La Salle Spartans and Football's Longest Winning Streak|I've often told people that the greatness of this football program will emerge when The Streak ends. I hope you will all live up to that. It's all numbers. It's nothing. It's not what we're about. It's not what this school represents." -Coach Frank Allocco
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|Along with voting, jury duty, and paying taxes, goofing off is one of the central obligations of American citizenship. So when my friends Joel and Stephen and I play hooky from our jobs in the middle of the afternoon to play Pop-A-Shot in a room full of children, I like to think we are not procrastinators; we are patriots pursuing happiness.
Michael Jordan|I was brought up the Mexican way, where actors are paid very little and every part you take is an act of faith. If people respect that, then great.
C.P. Mandara, The Riding School|Jonathan Drazen," I said, squeezing his hand. "You're a manipulative bastard, a brazen liar, and a sadist. You've brought me to my knees. You've dominated me. You've told me who I am and then challenged me to be it. If you made me strong enough to stand up to the world, let me stand by you. If you completed the woman I am, let me be that woman in your honor. Every part of my body is dedicated to you. Every note I sing. Every breath in my lungs. My pleasure and pain. Take me. Let me serve you. Let me be yours.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|I leaned back and glimpsed the stars, the same stories again but written in the sky.
Sara Raasch, Snow Like Ashes|A Winterian wielding an Autumnian weapon, using Cordellan allegiance to bring Spring crumbling down.
Max Frisch, Homo Faber|Fate. Sounds romantic.”“You must not know anything about mythology, then, Mr. McQueen. In all the old myths, the Fates were the villains.
Laura Lam, Shadowplay|A good magician’s performance tells a story. Each act should build on the next, becoming ever more engaging to fill the audience with wonder. It’s a bud that unfurls into a flower, meant to woo the audience.
Aireen C. Pontillo|Sometimes you like to keep stuff bottled up, but that is not the best policy.
Kyle Wacasey|I taught her to fly, and she began to soar.
Keturah Lamb|I don't write to escape reality, but to show others how to better embrace it. ~ KAL
W. E. B. Du Bois|It's the ultimate goal every day you wake up, to be happy. At the end of the week, you want to be happy. Happy in love, happy in work, happy in life, happy with yourself. It's pretty simple.
Conrad Hilton|Success ... seems to be connected with action. Successful men keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
Denis Leary|When I first became famous, I didn't know if I could go where I wanted to because I didn't know how people were going to act. Some folks would scream and holler, and I didn't know what to do with that.
Kirsty Moseley, Free Falling|You need your beauty sleep for tomorrow"she tells us "don't stay up too late talking"We ignore her of course.The whole point of a sleepover is to stay up too late talking.
Loretta Chase, Lord Perfect|I beg your pardon for questioning your judgement," she said. "It is nothing to me, after all, if it proves faulty. I am not the one responsible for the Marquess of Atherton's heir and sole offspring. I am not the one who will be toppled from my pedestal if the world learns I have not only permitted but encouraged my nephew to associate with the most shocking persons. I am not the one who-""I wish you were the one who had heard of the rule Silence is Golden," he said.
José N. Harris, MI VIDA: A Story of Faith, Hope and Love|Don't let your plans or goals become more important than yourself, or the ones you care about! :)
Rupertus Meldenius|In essentials, unity; in non-essentials, liberty; in all things, charity.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|You may think my jealousy would have been enormous during those days after Peter gave Tiger Lily the smallest kiss on the neck. And you would be right. But these moments were swallowed by a bigger emotion, my tenderness for Tiger Lily, which had grown to take up most of the space in my body, without me knowing it. I can't say I didn't dream that this was a passing moment of infatuation, and that eventually Peter would notice and pick me-as impossible as that might have seemed considering my size. But I felt protective of Tiger Lily. I felt that just by watching over her, I could somehow keep her safe. And I wanted to keep Peter safe too.
Amy Poehler|Doing comedy for a living is, in a lot of ways, like a pony and a camel trying to escape from the zoo. It’s a ridiculous endeavor and has a low probability of success, but most importantly, it is way easier if you’re with a friend.
Paul Farmer|When I was a medical student in the 1950s, we practically never spoke about Alzheimer's disease. And why is that so? And that is because people didn't live long enough to have Alzheimer's disease.
Marcy L. Peska|I always say, the time you spend with your dog makes the difference in a great dog or a crate dog.
Vincent H. O'Neil, Crime Capsules: Tales of Death, Desire, and Deception|To kill deliberately is very wrong,” said Chen Gong. “I would rather betray the world than let the world betray me,” was Cao Cao’s reply. Chen Gong could say nothing.
Mark Rylance|We've seen computers play chess and beat grand masters. We've seen computers drive a car across a desert. But interestingly, playing chess is easy, but having a conversation about nothing is really difficult for a computer.
Adriana Trigiani, The Shoemaker's Wife|Wait here.” I ran back up to my room to grab his blue-and-black plaid flannel shirt, still in my possession. Back on the porch, I handed it over. “My shirt. I forgot you had it.” “It’s ‘my’ shirt. You need to go home tonight and sleep in it. I made the mistake of washing it and now it doesn’t smell like you anymore.” He turned the shirt over and over in his hand, laughing and shaking his head. “And I want it back first thing in the morning. You read me?
Jun Mochizuki, Pandora Hearts 1巻|There are some souls, bright and precious, which, like gold and silver, may be subdued by the fiery trial, and yield to new moulds; but there are others, pure and solid as the diamond, which may be shivered to pieces, yet in every fragment retain their indelible characteristics.
Jamie Zeppa, Beyond the Sky and the Earth: A Journey into Bhutan|I’ve just been transferred to Kanglung,” I say. They look at me to see if I am joking, and then they look at each other. There is a long, terrible silence and we all look at the floor. Karma Dorji wipes his runny nose on his sleeve and looks up. “Oh, miss,” he says sadly. “Please don’t go.”“Just a minute,” I say, and go into the bathroom. I latch the door and turn on the tap full force. When the water is running noisily, I lean my hot forehead against the damp, flaking concrete, and cry.
Unknow|Learnings from any training you have attended will not make any sense if you are not applying it, make sense .
Dennis Lehane, Mystic River|The harsh light above them caught her face, and Sean could see what she'd look like when she was much older - a handsome woman, scarred by wisdom she never asked for.
Nuno Roque|Fascinated by the great symbols of the collective history, I use them as an alphabet to communicate.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|PROMISE DAY POEM:I don't promise that I will bring the moon for you, but.. I shall stand by you in sun!I don't promise that I will not fight with you ever, but.. We shall be together, forever; and distances or differences shall be none!!I don't promise that life will be so easy, and cheesy, but.. when you are with me, I'll make sure it's always fun!!!I just promise one thing; I'll never make you cry, I'll never let you go, so all I need is you to be with me..Let's make it happen.. and let our destiny shine.My life is yours forever.... O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine..Love is more than just promises..Hey honey you be my.. Valentine.Just be mine..O O.. my Valentine!
Sunday Adelaja|So many of us are causing pain and suffering to ourselves on daily basis, because we do not know the value of life
Robert I. Sutton, The No Asshole Rule: Building a Civilized Workplace and Surviving One That Isn't|People who don’t like conflict have an amazing ability to avoid it, even when they know it’s theoretically necessary
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|There is also a fable told by Phaedrus, about how Simonides was once a victim of shipwreck. As the other passengers scurried about the sinking ship trying to save their possessions, the poet stood idle. When questioned, he declared, mecum mea sunt cuncta: everything that is me is with me.
Eiichirō Oda|Heroes are important. Heroes tell us who we want to be but when they made this particular hero they didn’t give him a gun, they gave him a screwdriver to fix things. They didn’t give him a tank or a warship or an X-Wing, they gave him a call box from which you can call for help and they didn’t give him a superpower or a heat-ray, they gave him an extra heart. And that’s extraordinary. There will never come a time when we don’t need a hero like the doctor.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|Nothing is permanent in my mysterious world, even my moments of belief - Jenifer
W. Somerset Maugham, Collected Short Stories: Volume 1|...Our stories are drive by who we are and what we do, and not by the events that happens to us.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|It was just a quick touch of his lips and it left her breathless, as always. In that moment his kiss infuriated her. This was only supposed to happen in the movies! It was a feeling designed by books! She wasn’t supposed to feel her lungs seize and butterflies were not supposed to run rampant in her stomach, just because a man pressed his lips to her lips
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|From her thighs, she gives you lifeAnd how you treat she who gives you lifeShows how much you value the life given to you by the Creator.And from seed to dustThere is ONE soul above all others --That you must always show patience, respect, and trustAnd this woman is your mother.And when your soul departs your bodyAnd your deeds are weighed against the featherThere is only one soul who can save yoursAnd this woman is your mother.And when the heart of the universeAsks her hair and mind,Whether you were gentle and kind to herHer heart will be forced to remain silentAnd her hair will speak freely as a separate entity,Very much like the seaweed in the sea --It will reveal all that it has heard and seen.This woman whose heart has seen yours,First before anybody else in the world,And whose womb had opened the doorFor your eyes to experience light and more --Is your very own MOTHER.So, no matter whether your mother has been cruel,Manipulative, abusive, mentally sick, or simply childishHow you treat her is the ultimate test.If she misguides you, forgive her and show her the right wayWith simple wisdom, gentleness, and kindness.And always remember,That the queen in the Creator's kingdom,Who sits on the throne of all existence,Is exactly the same as in yours.And her name is,THE DIVINE MOTHER.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|God designed the church to be a community of lifelong learners under the earthly guidance of leaders who are teachers at heart. The Christian faith is not a finite course of study for the front-end of adulthood. Our mind-set shouldn’t be to first do our learning and then spend the rest of our lives drawing from that original deposit of knowledge. Rather, ongoing health in the Christian life is inextricably linked to ongoing learning.
D.S Mashego|While others allow failure to define them, othersallow lack or abundance to define them. You cannot define yourself that way! You may have failed in the past but that is not the end of the world. You may be living inpoverty but poverty is not your destiny. Please hear me out; do not attach value to your bad life experiences. Learn from them but do not lose focus. Your focusmust be on your assignment; which is the ultimate reason for your existence.
Judy Sheindlin, Beauty Fades, Dumb is Forever|Beauty fades, dumb is forever.
Criss Jami, Healology|To me, many of what seemed to be Bible contradictions only pointed to the grace of Christ. It is not so much a rule book on how to be holy as it is a prophecy of the One who can make you holy. In this, I see God as the least bigoted of all in existence: While men always, in their hearts, delight in vengeance for being wronged, God is the only Being who wants to free you from the penalty of His own laws.
Collette West, Inside Game|Oh my god.”He didn’t turn or say anything even though the frustration in Honor’s voice made it difficult.“My pants are stuck. I don’t think I can get them off without some help. Jesus, wet jeans are heavy and uncooperative.”A grin stretched across his face. “You want my help?”She let out a deep breath. “Yes, but you have to close your eyes.”“You going commando tonight?” he teased.“No, but…”He shut his eyes and turned. She took his outstretched hand and tugged him down to the ground. Once there, she helped him latch on to the bunched up denim at her thighs, he guessed. Do not peek, Bishop. Do not peek.“But?”“My panties are white and now see-through and there’s not a lot to them.”“Gotcha.” There wasn’t a red-blooded man alive who wouldn’t peek. “Let’s get these off you.” He pulled, she pushed and wiggled, and he got the pants to her feet in no time.“Thank you,” she said, a little out of breath.“No problem.”“Bryce!”“What?” Christ, she had sexy legs, and the barely-there material at their juncture left little to the imagination, so his thoughts leaped to about a dozen dirty scenarios.“Your eyes are open!
Trisha Ashley, Good Husband Material|You have to watch them all the time,’ she assured me darkly. ‘Even if the spirit’s willing, the flesh is weak!
Thomas Henry Huxley, Lay Sermons, Addresses, and Reviews|Extinguished theologians lie about the cradle of every science as the strangled snakes beside that of Hercules; and history records that whenever science and orthodoxy have been fairly opposed, the latter has been forced to retire from the lists, bleeding and crushed if not annihilated; scotched, if not slain.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|C.S. Lewis had come to demand of his nightly prayers a "realization," "a certain vividness of the imagination and the affectations" – a sure recipe for sleeplessness and misery.
Claude Vorilhon|Fungible goods in economics can be extended and traded. So, half as much grain is half as much useful, but half a baby or half a computer is less useful than a whole baby or a whole computer, and we've been trying to make computers that work that way.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|We were wanderers on a prehistoric earth, of an earth that wore the aspect of an unknown planet. We could have fancied ourselves the first of men taking possession of an accursed inheritance, to be subdued at the cost of profound anguish and of excessive toilo. But suddenly, as we struggled round a bend, there would be a glimpse of rush walls, of peaked grass-roofs, a burst of yells, a whirl of black limbs, a mass of hands clapping, of feet stamping, of bodies swaying, of eyes rolling, under the droop of heavy and motionless foliage. The steamer toiled along slowly on the edge of a black and incomprehensible frenzy. The prehistoric man was cursing us, praying to us, welcoming us - who could tell? We were cut off from the comprehension of our surroundings; we glided past like phantoms, wondering and secretly appalled, as sane men would before an enthousiastic outbreak in a madhouse.
Lyudmila Ulitskaya|He was a committed ladies' man and obtained a great deal of sustenance from the seemingly inexhaustible supply of women, but he guarded himself vigilantly against addiction, fearful of becoming fodder for that feminine allure which is so paradoxically generous to those who take from it and so destructively cruel to those who give.
Ryszard Kapuscinski|The men and women I work with in law enforcement deal with the consequences of the Democrats' selfish policies to encourage reliance on government, dependency instead of independence, and victimhood instead of the promise of earning your way to financial security.
Katha Pollitt|Ariel may look a lot like Barbie, and her adventure may be limited to romance and over with the wedding bells, but unlike, say, Cinderella or Sleeping Beauty, she's active, brave and determined, the heroine of her own life. She even rescues the prince. And that makes her a rare fish, indeed, in the world of preschool culture.
Chris Matakas|I am a better son, brother, friend, and teacher because of the daily sacrifice and effort I put toward my craft. WIth all the advantages modern society has created, it has left us wanting. We no longer need to struggle to survive. Our basic needs are now met with minimal physical strife or mental challenge. Technology and the advances of man have left us over-stressed and under-performing. We are now forced to actively pursue our struggles. If we do not go out of our way to stretch our comfort zones and grow, no one nor nature will do it for us.
Hermann Hesse|Our mind is capable of passing beyond the dividing line we have drawn for it. Beyond the pairs of opposites of which the world consists, other, new insights begin.
Dawn French, Dear Fatty|That’s the key, you know, confidence. I know for a fact that if you genuinely like your body, so can others. It doesn’t really matter if it’s short, tall, fat or thin, it just matters that you can find some things to like about it. Even if that means having a good laugh at the bits of it that wobble independently, occasionally, that’s all right. It might take you a while to believe me on this one, lots of people don’t because they seem to suffer from self-hatred that precludes them from imagining that a big woman could ever love herself because they don’t. But I do. I know what I’ve got is a bit strange and difficult to love but those are the very aspects that I love the most! It’s a bit like people. I’ve never been particularly attracted to the uniform of conventional beauty. I’m always a bit suspicious of people who feel compelled to conform. I personally like the adventure of difference. And what’s beauty, anyway?
Neel Burton, The Art of Failure: The Anti Self-Help Guide|One of the central tenets of the Western worldview is that one should always be engaged in some kind of outward task. Thus, the Westerner structures his time—including, sometimes, even his leisure time—as a series of discrete programmed activities which he must submit to in order to tick off from an actual or virtual list. One need only observe the expression on his face as he ploughs through yet another family outing, cultural event, or gruelling exercise routine to realise that his aim in life is not so much to live in the present moment as it is to work down a never-ending list. If one asks him how he is doing, he is most likely to respond with an artificial smile, and something along the lines of, ‘Fine, thank you – very busy of course!’ In many cases, he is not fine at all, but confused, exhausted, and fundamentally unhappy. In contrast, most people living in a country such as Kenya in Africa do not share in the Western worldview that it is noble or worthwhile to spend all of one’s time rushing around from one task to the next. When Westerners go to Kenya and do as they are wont to do, they are met with peels of laughter and cries of ‘mzungu’, which is Swahili for ‘Westerner’. The literal translation of ‘mzungu’ is ‘one who moves around’, ‘to go round and round’, or ‘to turn around in circles’.
Jennifer Niven|Water is peaceful. I am at rest. In thewater, I am safe and pulled in where Ican’t get out. Everything slows down—the noise and the racing of my thoughts.
Meghan O'Rourke, The Long Goodbye|One of the grubby truths about a loss is that you don't just mourn the dead person, you mourn the person you got to be when the lost one was alive. This loss might even be what affects you the most.
J. B. Priestley|The office of government is not to confer happiness, but to give men the opportunity to work out happiness for themselves.
Olawale Daniel|Know your biggest WHY? Why do you joined network marketing business. Why do you want to change your life? It is your WHY that pushes you and edges you towards the crown of glory in the industry. Discover your why and get things done quickly,
Kit Habianic, Until Our Blood is Dry|Beneath Albright’s office, the colliery sprawled across the hillside, red brick buildings scattered as though hurled from a great height, a hotchpotch of mismatched structures spattered on the valley floor. At the bottom stood the winding house, wheels motionless, above it, the engineering sheds and workshops, canteen and bath house. All lay empty. No buzz and hum of machinery. No voices raised in laughter or dispute. Gwyn found it unsettling: his lads had been out a month and a half and already the power had drained from the place. In the stillness, he caught the echo of footsteps. The crunch of boots on gravel. Generations of long-gone Pritchards clocking in and out. He was bound to Blackthorn by the coal that clogged his veins and by a bond of duty. The strike left him as diminished as his pit, day dragging after idle day.
Denis Waitley|The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don’t define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
Nenia Campbell, Endgame|I'd made a long list of exceptions to cover the area between "ignoring her completely" and "abducting her at knifepoint.
Cormac McCarthy|Conflict is not unavoidable. However, it is nonsensical to consider the institution of a state as a solution to the problem of possible conflict, because it is precisely the institution of a state which first makes conflict unavoidable and permanent.
Bill Gates|Before you were born, your parents weren't as boring as they are now. They got that way from paying your bills, cleaning your clothes and listening to you talk about how cool you thought you were. So before you save the rain forest from the parasites of your parent's generation, try delousing the closet in your own room.
Ann Patchett, Truth and Beauty|The farther away you get from the literary traffic, the closer you are to sources.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|He was a nice guy, middle-aged, a little tired, like most doctors usually seemed to be, but he just nodded and said, "Let me take a look at him. Shane?""I'm not dropping my pants," Shane said. "I just thought I'd say that up front.
Husain Haqqani|If anybody tries to penetrate the past with the knife of the present will always act in vain. The past is invulnerable. Such attempts can only cause the present or the future to bleed." - Gregor Brand
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|If you make a decision that from here onward you will give the majority of your attention to happy thoughts, you will begin a process of purifying your body. Those happy thoughts will supply your body with the greatest health-booster you could possibly give it.There are endless excuses not to be happy. But if you put happiness off by saying "I'll be happy when..." you'll not only be delaying happiness for the rest of your life, you'll also be diminishing the health of your body. Happiness is your body's miracle elixir, so be happy NOW, no excuses!
Faith Sullivan, Take Me Now|If you're around someone who makes you feel good, you have to go for it. Don't hold back.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Thirteen days. Almost two weeks. And, just five days in, she had learned a fundamental truth about time: Like the accordion on which sometimes played old Pashto songs were played, time stretched and contracted depending on his absence or presence.
Philip Larkin|Sex means nothing--just the moment of ecstasy, that flares and dies in minutes.
|If you think your life is meaningless, then think about the starving kids in the world and imagine what they would say about the things you take for granted in your life.
Samuel B Watson|It's not about what we go through in life, but how we come out shining on the other side that makes us who we are.
Christine Kenneally, The First Word: The Search for the Origins of Language|[I]t is almost impossible to talk about space without gesturing. Gesture is spontaneous, and is integral to individual expression as it is to communication. Even though you probably won't gesture as much if you are talking on the phone, you will still wave your arms about. Blind people gesture when they speak in the same way that seeing people do.
Colleen Houck|Love is not a consequence. Love is not a choice. Love is a thirst. A need as vital to the soul as water is to the body. Love is a precious draught that not only soothes a parched throat, but it vitalizes a man. It fortifies him enough that he is willing to slay dragons for the woman who offers it. Take that draught of love from me and I will shrivel to dust. To take it from a man dying of thirst and give it to another whilst he watches is a cruelty I never thought you capable of.
John Green, Paper Towns|I lay down and started to feel a little depressed about prom. I refused to feel any kind of sadness over the fact that I wasn't going to prom, but I had - stupidly, embarrassingly - thought of finding Margo, and getting her to come home with me just in time for prom, like late on Saturday night, and we'd walk into the Hilton ballroom wearing jeans and ratty T-shirts, and we'd be just in time for the last dance, and we'd dance while everyone pointed at us and marveled at the return of Margo, and then we'd fox-trot the hell out of there and go get ice cream at Friendly's. So yes, like Ben, I harbored ridiculous prom fantasies. But at least I didn't say mine out loud.
Terry J. Lundgren|Humans are a social species more than any other, and in order to build a community, which for some reason humans have to do in order to live, we have to solve the communication problem. Language is the tool that was invented to solve that problem.
Debasish Mridha|Just love, just feel the love, longing for love, nothing else matters.
Kate Avelynn, Flawed|Two babies in little more than a year and a half. Knockout Jimmy was forced to give up boxing and take a job in the paper mill. It broke him, and in turn, he broke us all.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes & A Sound of Thunder|I find no peace, and all my war is done,I fear and hope; I burn and freeze like ice;I fly above the wind yet can I not arise;And naught I have and all the world I seize on.That looseth nor locketh holdeth me in prison,And holdeth me not, yet can I scape nowise;Nor letteth me live nor die at my devise,And yet of death it giveth none occasion.Without eyen I see, and without tongue I plain;I desire to perish, and yet I ask health;I love another, and thus I hate myself;I feed me in sorrow, and laugh in all my pain.Likewise displeaseth me both death and lifeAnd my delight is causer of this strife.
Tsultrim Allione|As I cooked in the cauldron of motherhood, the incredible love I felt for my children opened my heart and brought me a much greater understanding of universal love. It made me understand the suffering of the world much more deeply.
Inna Swinton|He could hardly imagine anymore what his life would be without the weight of his hidden knowledge. He'd come to think of it as a kind of penance. It was self-destructive, he could see that, but that was the way things were. People smoked, they jumped out of airplanes, they drank too much and got into their cars and drove without seat belts.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|Nobody wanted to hear about all the Preterite, the many God passes over when he chooses a few for salvation. William argued holiness for these "second Sheep," without whom there'd be no elect. You can bet the Elect in Boston were pissed off about that. And it got worse. William felt that what Jesus was for the elect, Judas Iscariot was for the Preterite. Everything in the Creation has its equal and opposite counterpart. How can Jesus be an exception? could we feel for him anything but horror in the face of the unnatural, the extracreational? Well, if he is the son of man, and if what we feel is not horror but love, then we have to love Judas too. Right? How William avoided being burned for heresy, nobody knows.
Dave Franco|I guess I am basically most comfortable when I'm alone. As a kid, I was very much a loner. I love long distance running and long distance biking. A director once pointed out that those are all very isolated exercises you do for hours at a time.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|Like many self-help books, The Deepest Blue is full of horrifyingly simplistic language and some admittedly good advice. Somehow the women in the book learn to say: That’s my depression talking. It’s not “me.”As if we could scrape the color off the iris and still see.
Martha Char Love, What's Behind Your Belly Button? A Psychological Perspective of the Intelligence of Human Nature and Gut Instinct|The presence of the inner feeling of emptiness directs our attention to a past experience of guilt and to our inner feeling awareness of the cause in the past. We must be sensitive to that feeling and accept it in order to chase down the cause, ferret it out, reassess the value of the experience to us in order not to further project the blame in anger outward to an external cause.
Alexandra Adornetto|I never thought about writing a novel until I was 13, and that happened by chance. I was on school holidays, and I was bored, and I thought I just wanted to do something to occupy myself instead of asking, 'What can I do, mum? Entertain me.' I started, and it really just took over, and I realised, 'Wow, this is an amazing experience.'
Socrates|Do not trouble about those who practice philosophy, whether they are good or bad; but examine the thing itself well and carefully. And if philosophy appears a bad thing to you, turn every man from it, not only your sons; but if it appears to you such as I think it to be, take courage, pursue it, and practice it, as the saying is, 'both you and your house.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Memory haunts me from age to age, and passion leads me by the hand--evil have I done, and with sorrow have I made acquaintance from age to age, and from age to age evil shall I do, and sorrow shall I know till my redemption comes.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|There’s always that one guy who gets a hold on you. Not like your best friend’s brother who gets you in a headlock kind of hold. Or the little kid you’re babysitting who attaches himself to your leg kind of hold. I’m talking epic. Life changing. The “can’t eat, can’t sleep, can’t do your homework, can’t stop giggling, can’t remember anything but his smile” kind of hold. Like, Wesley and Buttercup proportions. Harry and Sally. Elizabeth Bennet and Mr. Darcy. The kind of hold in all your favorite ’80s songs, like the “Must Have Been Love”s, the “Take My Breath Away”s, the “Eternal Flame”s—the ones you sing into a hairbrush-microphone at the top of your lungs with your best friends on a Saturday night.
Erich Fromm|Luc blinked innocently. That little fuck. "I gave you a piece of opal and a Luxen to nom-nom on.
Lee   Davidson, Satellite|It's like a jolt of electric, but worse.
Mlungisi Simelane|God will open doors for you when He knows you are ready. Until then, keep sowing and dont grow weary. The time of your harvest is upon God's schedule. Be faithful, endure trials and one day you will wake up in the land of abundance. Dont give up on God as He wont give up on yo
Wilson M. Mukama|Wealthy is not about accumulating money into banks/pockets, not about having multi-properties to count of the atmospheric knowns, "it is when you make others sorrounding you to live a mult - health, happier and balanced life converging to the wealth you have indeed reflecting your available resources that enhences their appreciative earnings". (Getting and Giving). Use your wealth to enrich others indeed.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dream Chaser|You worry about hurting me, but you never seem to worry about me hurting you. And I’m the one with the killer touch.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|If my public existence does anything worthwhile, hopefully it at least demystifies the author a bit, because I know when I was younger I felt like authors were like wizards or something. Turns out they're total muggles.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I went to a tattoo parlor and had YES written onto the palm of my left hand, and NO onto my right palm, what can I say, it hasn't made my life wonderful, its made life possible, when I rub my hands against each other in the middle of winter I am warming myself with the friction of YES and NO, when I clap my hands I am showing my appreciation through the uniting and parting of YES and NO, I signify "book" by peeling open my hands, every book, for me, is the balance of YES and NO, even this one, my last one, especially this one. Does it break my heart, of course, every moment of every day, into more pieces than my heart was made of, I never thought of myself as quiet, much less silent, I never thought about things at all, everything changed, the distance that wedged itself between me and my happiness wasn't the world, it wasn't the bombs and burning buildings, it was me, my thinking, the cancer of never letting go, is ignorance bliss, I don't know, but it's so painful to think, and tell me, what did thinking ever do for me, to what great place did thinking ever bring me? I think and think and think, I've thought myself out of happiness one million times, but never once into it.
Phil 'Philosofree' Cheney|....Love is not only wired, but elusive too.
Grant Show|It was always a dream as I was growing up. I would watch movies, mostly American movies, and be so engrossed in those stories, all I wanted to do was be there. I wanted to be part of that romance or that fantasy or be that warrior or that struggling soul who finally makes it good.
Joë Bousquet|Again and again, the cicada’s untiring cry pierced the sultry summer air like a needle at work on thick cotton cloth.
Brendan Iribe|There is never going to be a substitute for face-to-face communication, but we have seen since the alphabet, to the telephone and now the Internet, that whenever people find a new way to communicate, they will flock to it.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|You've got to learn to let go and let your children fall, and fail. If you try to protect them from hurt, and always rush to their side with Band-Aids, they won't learn about life, and what is true, what works, what helps, and what are real consequences of certain kinds of behavior. When they do get hurt, which they will, they won't know how to take care of their grown selves. They won't even know where the aspirin is kept.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Watch an Ant, Watch the bees, feel wind move the leaves. Touch your smile above your chin from the glorious world we all live in.
Tanith Lee, Death's Master|What is life without death, Beneficent? You of all people can answer that question. A never-ending orgy of emptiness that you stuff with meaningless activity. Everything is disposable, including your relationships--especially your your relationships.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have stood in the places where history was made. I have seen with my own eyes the part that men and women of faith have played in these earthshaking events, and I have heard with my own ears their cries for freedom.
Johnny Depp|I always felt like I was meant to have been born in another era, another time.
Shillpi S Banerrji|One of her favorite lines was, "The difference between genius and stupidity s that genius has limits.
Jorge Luis Borges|When writers die they become books, which is, after all, not too bad an incarna
Lauren Barnholdt, The Thing About the Truth|When a woman who has much to say says nothing, her silence can be deafening.
Christopher McCulloch|The values, the programs, the formula, the determination, and the patriotism responsible for America's past success are still here to be tapped.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|One of my biggest weaknesses, one that has always shamed me, is that I have always been lonely. I've struggled to make friends because I can be socially awkward, because I'm weird, because I live in my head.
Sunday Adelaja|Everybody that is born on the surface of this earth, is wealthy. That wealth is the wealth of time.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Vents were added to the rear bonnet in 1972 and resulted in wet engines and starting problems, and then extra drip-trays to compensate. From 1968 the Beetle got the right side fuel flap that dodgy people used to break open to steal your gas – or your fuel cap – another hard to find item if lost!
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|The "question" is the inoculation against and the antidote for ignorance.
Darnell Lamont Walker|There’s a small window of opportunity to apologize sometimes after you’ve terribly wronged someone. It closes. Sometimes forever, but it never opens wide enough again for a good breeze.
Richard Yates, Cold Spring Harbor|I seem to have to lost confidence in just about everything else. I've come to believe that only a very, very few matters in the world can ever be trusted to make sense.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, No Ordinary Time: Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt: The Home Front in World War II|Self-deprecation is the appropriate response of any new convert, as he matches his stained soul against the purity of God.
Bethany L. Brand|What aided the mind made the body suffer. They could choose mental health or physical health, but they could not have both.
Agnes Gund|Everything else - music, cinematography, costumes, design, acting - can be judged at face value. But when you're looking at editing, you don't know what the totality of the material was, and you don't know the working dynamic between a director and an editor - whether the editor was micromanaged or given free rein. It's very difficult.
Zusya of Hanipoli|To know what you prefer  instead of humbly saying "Amen" to what the world tells you you ought to prefer  is to keep your soul alive.
Baba Tunde Ojo-Olubiyo|You contribute much to your marriage by the wise, thrifty, diligent management and oversight of your part of the household budget.
Madison  Parker, Play Me, I'm Yours|Good writing is always about things that are important to you, things that are scary to you, things that eat you up.
Gore Verbinski|I'm not gonna say that I hate it, because I really respect Usher and I was influenced by him. But so many people compare me to him, and I don't think it'll ever stop. I just want to be my own artist.
Jules Verne|If all difficulties were known at the outset of a long journey, most of us would never start out at all.
Radhe Maa|Save now, so you are not dependent on your children when you are old
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Nature is a language and every new fact one learns is a new word; but it is not a language taken to pieces and dead in the dictionary, but the language put together into a most significant and universal sense. I wish to learn this language--not that I may know a new grammar, but that I may read the great book which is written in that tongue.
John le Carré, A Legacy of Spies|As we pretend to be brave, we become so.
Robert Jordan, A Memory of Light|What is forgotten, however, is that many times the Good we create leads to Evil that will destroy us.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|Whoever has not first dug a well, should not steal a minaret.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I could not make it right, but I could make someone pay for how wrong it had been.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|It’s not miracles that generate faith, but faith that generates miracles
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|For example, I can doubt that 2 + 2 = 4; however, my doubting does not change the equation. When I test out that formula and find that it is true, then that becomes my reality. How can anything become real until it is tested in the crucible of doubt?
Alan G. Robinson, The Idea-Driven Organization: Unlocking the Power in Bottom-Up Ideas|Research has found that in most companies managers who get promoted rapidly spend most of their time networking and politicking, while their more effective colleagues spent their time building their units and developing their people.
Jim C. Hines, Libriomancer|Every libromancer had a first book. Etched more sharply into my memory than my first kiss, this book had been my magical awakening.
Dejan Stojanovic|There is only as much space, only as much time, Only as much desire, only as many words, Only as many pages, only as much ink To accept all of us at light-speed Hurrying into the Promised Land Of oblivion that is waiting for us sooner or later.
Donna Lynn Hope|And I have to admit that there is something undeniably fulfilling about hunting with Rosie. Somehow, it makes me feel as if the long list of differences between us doesn't exist. We're dressed the same, we fight the same enemy, we win together ... It's as though for that moment I get to be her, the one who isn't covered in thick scars, and she gets to understand what it is to be me. It's different than hunting with Silas--he and I are partners, not part of the same heart.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Non-possession” does not mean having nothing. It does not mean to live as a penniless beggar. Rather than meaning having nothing, it is the idea of not possessing what we do not need. The more we possess, The more we have attachments.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|Noah drew me closer to him. "It's okay. I've got you.
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|Living is the opposite of poetry. Poetry is the recollection of living, or, more often than not, the lament of having not lived. Or worse yet, merely the contemplation of living. My advice to you, Ms. Harper, is this: Live. And keep living. And never stop to look back to write about what you have lived and observed and overcome, lest you turn into a pillar of salt. This desert life is already full of such monoliths.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Some PR is about getting information about a great product or thingy out to the people who would enjoy it, while other PR is about creating a web of lies that conceals the fact that your company harnesses the energy produced by rape and uses it to make a chemical that kills forests for fun. Either way, you're going to need it.
Alex Scarrow, The Mayan Prophecy|I closed my eyes obediently; I felt a light kiss on my lips, on which there was always a little accumulation of blood that wouldn't decrease. And then I fell asleep
Sara Quin|She knew all about love—that beautiful, exquisitely painful but precious journey.
John Madden|Wealthy men can't live in an island that is encircled by poverty. We all breathe the same air. We must give a chance to everyone, at least a basic chance.
Galileo Galilei|In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual.
Kristen Proby, Play with Me|I'm warning you, that jacket is sexy. The Institute could go up in sexy, sexy flames.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Give good toys to your children and teach them Human Values and About Human Life,Teach them difference between human and toys.Teach them Toys do not breath But Human Do. Teach them Toy do not feel pain But Human Do.Teach them Things for use and Human for love. otherwise they will start Play with humans,They will think they are good Alive Toys and will never realize how they destroyed someone's life.
Brom, The Child Thief|Men-kind shared this world for but a blink, then, sadly, they became enlightened, found science and religion. The new world of men left little room for magic or the magical creatures of old. Earth’s first children were driven into the shadows by flame and cold iron, by man’s insatiable need of conquest.
Joyce Hilfer|Few indeed are those who get a choice. We do as we are told. We stand or fall beside those who were born near to us, who look as we do, who speak the same words, and all the while we know as little of the reasons why as does the dust we return to.
Robert Clifton Storey Jr.|Believe in your characters with all your heart, & they will believe in you. Only then will they trust you enough to reveal themselves. -RCSJR
Marquis de Sade, Betrayal|... A man is not usually called upon to have an opinion of his own talents at all, since he can very well go on improving them to the best of his ability without deciding on his own precise niche in the temple of Fame... [Man] did not create themselves... their talents were given them, and they might as well be proud of the colour of their hair.
Stephanie Skeem|Remember if you write, write, write, you can never be wrong."---Stephanie Skeem Author of Flotsam
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|When you've made up your mind to marry, take the first respectable body that comes to hand - she's as good as any other; they be all alike in groundwork: 'tis only in the flourishes there's a difference.
Lisa Crystal Carver|By offering the educated a semblance of freedom he made the denial of real freedom even more painful and humiliating. The intelligentsia sought to avenge their betrayed hopes; the Tsar strove to tame their restive spirit; and, so, semi-liberal reforms gave way to repression and repression bred rebellion.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|There is no evidence that we've been placed on this planet to be especially happy or especially normal. And in fact our unhappiness and our strangeness, our anxieties and compulsions, those least fashionable aspects of our personalities, are quite often what lead us to do rather interesting things.
Jim Carroll, The Petting Zoo|Never question the clouds, they're only bringing the life-giving rain.
Brandon Benevides|In the strange dreams of man, there are stories that are unknowingly being built by them. Mine are among the billions that remain untold.
Maria Dahvana Headley, Aerie|You are strong enough to sing as you wish, not as your pain has forced you to. You aren't your hurt. You're other than that. You are not the broken things you've been.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|You got beat up. Bones and bruises heal. Those girls didn't win because they didn't do what they wanted. They wanted to break you. I was already broken."You're not broken at all.
Amit Kalantri|Business is boss, politics is servant.
David Byrne, Bicycle Diaries|I sense the world might be more dreamlike, metaphorical, and poetic than we currently believe--but just as irrational as sympathetic magic when looked at in a typically scientific way. I wouldn't be surprised if poetry--poetry in the broadest sense, in the sense of a world filled with metaphor, rhyme, and recurring patterns, shapes, and designs--is how the world works. The world isn't logical, it's a song.
Cecil Day-Lewis, Overtures to Death and Other Poems|The ticking seconds pulled me toward the end. It was cold when he no longer held me. It got colder every step I took away from him. Just my imagination, of course. It was still summer here. It would always be summer here for me.
Carter Burwell|Bob Dole is not a romantic, at least not an immediate one. Bob Dole is not one to waste a lot of time on metaphor.
Ann Rinaldi, Or Give Me Death: A Novel of Patrick Henry's Family|When a woman's face is wrinkledAnd her hairs are sprinkled, With gray, Lackaday!Aside she's cast, No one respect will pay;Remember, Lasses, remember.And while the sun shines make hay:You must not expect in December, The flowers you gathered in May.
Brian K. Vaughan|Up or down, it seemed to us that we were always going toward something terrible that had existed before us yet had always been waiting for us, just for us. When you haven't been in the world long, it's hard to comprehend what disasters are at the origin of a sense of disaster: maybe you don't even feel the need to. Adults, waiting for tomorrow, move in a present behind which is yesterday or the day before yesterday or at most last week: they don't want to think about the rest. Children don't know the meaning of yesterday, or the day before yesterday, or even of tomorrow, everything is this: the street is this, the doorway is this, the stairs are this, this is Mamma, this is Papa, this is the day, this is the night.
Gordon T. Smith, Beginning Well: Christian Conversion & Authentic Transformation|The Hindus believe that in the beginning was sound, a pure vibrational ohm, and as I surf these wave emanations I feel like I've locked onto the fundamental frequency. Seconds go by on the outside but inside it's eternity, outside time and space and back where it all began...
Samantha Lee Churcher, Caw|She pulled me into a hug and I squeezed her so tight we lost our breaths."I love you, Soph." She pulled back from me, her eyes wide and searching. "I'll see you really soon.""I know," I said, forcing my smile. "And I love you too."She tapped my nose and dropped her voice to a conspiratorial whisper."We're the real love story here, you know that, don't you?"I wiped a tear from my cheek. "I know that, Mil. I've always known that.
Amy Neftzger, The Orphanage of Miracles|An aged monk led me to the infirmary. "He's got the place to himself. Once the other invalids learned there was a dragon coming they miraculously got well! The lame could walk and the blind decided they didn't really need to see. He's a panacea.
Marie Brennan, In the Labyrinth of Drakes|...A widow has freedoms a wife does not. But when I look at you, I do not see obstacles for my career, I see-" My face burned even more. "I see wings. A way to fly higher and further than I can on my own.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Beneath the surface of the protective parts of trauma survivors there exists an undamaged essence, a Self that is confident, curious, and calm, a Self that has been sheltered from destruction by the various protectors that have emerged in their efforts to ensure survival. Once those protectors trust that it is safe to separate, the Self will spontaneously emerge, and the parts can be enlisted in the healing process
Cameron West, First Person Plural: My Life as a Multiple|Rikki looked over at me.“Why now?" she asked, looking back at Arly. “Why is this happening now?""Hard to say." Arly [therapist] replied. "DID usually gets diagnosed in adulthood. Something happens that triggers the alters to come out. When Cam's father died and he came in to help his brother run the family business he was in close contact with his mother again. Maybe it was seeing Kyle around the same age when some of the abuse happened. Cam was sick for a long time and finally got better. Maybe he wasn't strong enough until now to handle this. It's probably a combination of things. But it sure looks like some of the abuse Cam experienced involved his mother. And sexual abuse by the mother is considered to he one of the most traumatic forms of abuse. In some ways it's the ultimate betrayal.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|People dreaming ,economists steals their dreams and politicians kills it
Gudjon Bergmann, The Meditating Psychiatrist Who Tried to Kill Himself|As long as everything stayed the same, it seemed possible for him to come back. As long as everything was the way he had left it, his place was open for him. But if things changed beyond a certain point, his place in my life began to close, he could not reenter it, or if he did, he would have to enter in a new way.
Margaret Ebson|You will need to come in as soon as possible, the sooner we treat this, the better the chance of recovery…”Rose began to cry. “Will I die?”The doctor didn’t reply.Treatment began only days later, Rose took to it really well, phoning Kelly was the hardest part of telling the news, but Kelly supported her mother, offering to take some time out and come home to take care of her.Rose went into remission, the cancer was brought under control and Jim planned a holiday for her in Spain.Madeleine McCann a three-year-old child went missing in Portugal.Heavy flooding devastated Hull and Sheffield at least three people died. Four fire fighters were feared dead in the ‘Atherstone fire disaster.
Auliq-Ice|The goals directs you in a place that you never been before, Create one.
Tom Watson|I was interested in virtual reality for several years even before working at USC, it wasn't an interest that started there at all. In fact, when I started working at USC, I already had prototypes of the Rift that were very similar to the final design.
Abhijit Naskar|Science works through replication, rectification and modification. But when it comes to religion, people simply tend to accept the theoretical preachers and their claims of historical God experiences without a single question. If there has been one experience in this world in any branch of knowledge, it absolutely follows that that experience will be repeated eternally. If they are not repeated through natural processes, the thinking humanity would have no way but to disprove that such an experience ever occurred in the history.
Earl Gray Stevens|Confidence, like art, never comes from having all the answers; it comes from being open to all the questions.
Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling|For he who loves God without faith reflects on himself, while the person who loves God in faith reflects on God.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Ethically, she couldn't cause the suffering of any living thing. Logically, bacon cheeseburgers were delicious.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life is a test. Without problems to solve, it wouldn’t be much of a test.
Isaac Asimov, Asimov on Science Fiction|It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be...  This, in turn, means that our statesmen, our businessmen, our everyman must take on a science fictional way of thinking.
Sherman Alexie, The Toughest Indian in the World|He loved her, of course, but better than that, he chose her, day after day. Choice: that was the thing.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|Maybe it was wrong, or maybe impossible, but I wanted the truth to be one thing. One solid thing.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|I’ve been told that I cannot change shit, so I might as well stop torturing myself. My emotions are ridiculed and branded as childish. I have been told that the world has given up on my people. I have been told, and realise that on many occasions, I myself am viewed as an outcast by some of those suffering. I’ve been confronted and my answer is always the same: I care even in my most fucked-up moments. I care even when gates of shit pour open to drown me; I care because I am a citizen of the world.
Diana Gabaldon, The Fiery Cross|He was generally aware that he had been blessed in her beauty; even in her usual homespun, knee-deep in mud from her garden, or stained and fierce with the blood of her calling, the curve of her bones spoke to his own marrow, and those whisky eyes could make him drunk with a glance. Besides, the mad collieshangie of her hair made him laugh.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Good people won’t do bad to you if you hurt them. They’ll just be neutral and walk away, with experience and a lesson; and you’ll be left with well-wishers less one.
Victoria  Roberts, Kill or Be Kilt|Ian cleared his throat. "Lady Elizabeth." He reached behind him and handed her a single red rose. "A rose... for the bonniest lass who ever graced the Highlands.
Andrea Speed, Infected: Lesser Evils|He is the complete opposite of her, or maybe just a completion of her.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|If the jury have no right to judge of the justice of a law of the government, they plainly can do nothing to protect the people against the oppressions of the government; for there are no oppressions which the government may not authorize by law.
Ben Silbermann|I'm a jewelry girl. I became with friends with designer Irene Neuwirth a few years ago. At that point, I just used to wear my wedding rings. Very low key. Now, if I could, I'd be draped from head to toe in her jewelry all the time. Everything she makes is beautiful.
Nathaniel Benchley, Speakeasy|Nick got home the first week in December, to find New York still wallowing in its post-Armistice euphoria. Service men were celebrities wherever they went, and nothing was too good for them-especially the ones who were wounded-until it came down to such practical matters as finding housing or a job...It too him awhile to come to the conclusion that all the talk about help for veterans was just that, and anything that was done for him would have to be done by himself.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|But that’s the way life is; felicity and expiation play together in the narrow lanes of life like bosom friends, inseparable. You find one, and the other is always around the corner.
David James Duncan, God Laughs & Plays; Churchless Sermons in Response to the Preachments of the Fundamentalist Right|the only unfailing guide I’ve ever found through the innumerable blind alleys of my life as a writer, man, husband, father, citizen, steward, or believer, is the love burning in my heart. for me, prayer is about one thing: making contact with that love. though it burns in there like a candle flame, hot, bright, beautiful, love’s flame is so fragile… keeping one’s love burning, and living in accord with that burning: this, to me, is prayer.
Anaïs Nin, In Favor of the Sensitive Man and Other Essays|There is a resemblance between men and women, not a contrast. When a man begins to recognize his feeling, the two unite. When men accept the sensitive side of themselves, they come alive.
Scott Turow, Ultimate Punishment: A Lawyer's Reflections on Dealing with the Death Penalty|Fiat justitia, ruat caelum. (Let justice be done, though the heavens may fall.)
Robert Jordan, How They Did It: Billion Dollar Insights from the Heart of America|But this is not difficult, O Athenians! to escape death; but it is much more difficult to avoid depravity, for it runs swifter than death. And now I, being slow and aged, am overtaken by the slower of the two; but my accusers, being strong and active, have been overtaken by the swifter, wickedness. And now I depart, condemned by you to death; but they condemned by truth, as guilty of iniquity and injustice: and I abide my sentence, and so do they. These things, perhaps, ought so to be, and I think that they are for the best.
C. JoyBell C.|Perhaps we are all shells; but some of us have found the pearls inside, and this makes all the difference!
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|I see a broken shell and I remind myself that something might have needed setting free. See, broken things always have a story, don't they?
William Saroyan|The trouble with a baby, for writists, is that they take away your useful melancholy, even the energy to invent some.
Tammara Webber, Easy|...the way a man might hesitate before he kissed a woman, to gauge her reaction, to see how he would be received. Perhaps he would hesitate to prolong the moment, that ideal moment of anticipation, sometimes better than kiss itself.
Ellen G. White|If you're a painter, you're not alone. There's no way to be alone.
Jack London|The surpluses will have to be expended somehow, and trust the oligarchs to find a way. Magnificent roads will be built. There will be great achievements in science, and especially in art. When the oligarchs have completely mastered the people, they will have time to spare for other things. They will become worshippers of beauty. They will become art-lovers. And under their direction and generously rewarded, will toil the artists. The result will be great art; for no longer, as up to yesterday, will the artists pander to the bourgeois taste of the middle class. It will be great art, I tell you, and wonder cities will arise that will make tawdry and cheap the cities of old time. And in these cities will the oligarchs dwell and worship beauty
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|As sunlight is for flowers, and sustenance for the mortal shell, music is for the human soul.
Adlai Stevenson|But the Wisconsin tradition meant more than a simple belief in the people. It also meant a faith in the application of intelligence and reason to the problems of society. It meant a deep conviction that the role of government was not to stumble along like a drunkard in the dark, but to light its way by the best torches of knowledge and understanding it could find.
Fanny Fern, Ruth Hall: A Domestic Tale of the Present Time|She said it was beautiful to be loved, and that it made everything on earth look brighter.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|A line is like a role model, It contributes in straightening our focus.
Neale Donald Walsch, Home with God: In a Life That Never Ends|You are afraid to die, and you’re afraid to live. What a way to exist.
Ramsey Campbell, The Face That Must Die|He was too damn old to run now, too tired of that romantic idea of freedom that infected the heads of the young and later killed most of them with crushing disappointment. The Cassinis had always made sure he was just comfortable enough to want to sit tight and not risk the generosities they’d afforded him, and the older he got, the more comfortable he became. Comfort had a way of killing the romance in just about everybody.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|There had been times when he knew, somewhere in him, that he would get used to it, whatever it was, because he had learnt that some hard things became softer after a very little while.
Ray Bradbury|It's funny how people think that they have "a right to life". Now isn't that the biggest load you ever heard? You don't have a right to shit your pants on Sunday. Let's take it back to the jungle. Where the fuck are your rights there? No layers in the jungle. Civilization has allowed the weak to survive. You can sit back and be an overweight, apathetic piece of shit, smoke your dope and still survive because you have a right to life.
David D. Friedman|Anarcho-capitalism is not by definition libertarian. It is rather a prediction, not a definition.
Siobhan Davis, Light Of A Thousand Stars|Ari is beautiful beyond comparison, and she has my heart and my soul for eternity. I thought I made that abundantly clear last night, but it appears I have further work to do.
Gloria Steinem|The story being told in 'Star Wars' is a classic one. Every few hundred years, the story is retold because we have a tendency to do the same things over and over again. Power corrupts, and when you're in charge, you start doing things that you think are right, but they're actually not.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|All of us will give an account to God about our life on earth, about our position and actions
Kasey Collin P. Dumdum|I don't need you by my side. But I want you there. Very much want you there. That, I think, saysmore. Means more."He took the hand she held out to him. "We'll go down. James should be here soon
Julian Barnes, Talking It Over|No mathematician should ever allow him to forget that mathematics, more than any other art or science, is a young man's game. … Galois died at twenty-one, Abel at twenty-seven, Ramanujan at thirty-three, Riemann at forty. There have been men who have done great work later; … [but] I do not know of a single instance of a major mathematical advance initiated by a man past fifty. … A mathematician may still be competent enough at sixty, but it is useless to expect him to have original ideas.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|I am the Atma abiding in the heart of all beings. I am also the beginning, the middle, and the end of all beings.
Eva Longoria|'Bombay Velvet' is my most romantic film, it's my 'Titanic' or 'Gone With The Wind.'
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|I’ve met plenty of embarrassing parents, but Kronos, the evil Titan Lord who wanted to destroy Western Civilization? Not the kind of dad you invited toschool for Career Day.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|Open collaboration encourages greater accountability, which in turn fosters trust.
Pat Robertson|I came into the game when I broke into the major leagues, the minimum salary was seven thousand dollars, and I'd have to go home in the wintertime and get a job.
Frederick Douglass|Women should have free access to every field of labor which they care to enter, and when their work is as valuable as that of a man it should be paid as highly.
Robert Black|Most days, writing simply requires work-ethic, discipline, clarity, focus, time. Other days...it will demand absolutely everything of you.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|Not yesterday, not tomorrow, only today can be given form. Only this architecture creates.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|In anguish and desperation, I reached out as I had many times before to the presence I call the Beloved. This unconditionally loving and wakeful awareness had always been a refuge for me.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Normal people redirect their sexual energy all the time, but religion takes that skill and hijacks it. Religion says, "No, you cannot do that, that is sinful. Direct energy toward god."Sexual desire does not disappear with increased religiosity and activity. Instead, it gets redirected but the thoughts and incoming stimulation continue.
Jack Welch|In business or in life, don't follow the wagon tracks too closely.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|It's a date.""It's a cookie.""It's a cookie date.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|But the helmet had gold decoration, and the bespoke armorers had made a new gleaming breastplate with useless gold ornamentation on it. Sam Vimes felt like a class traitor every time he wore it. He hated being thought of as one of those people that wore stupid ornamental armor. It was gilt by association.
Charles Mackay|All the miseries and evils which men suffer from vice, crime, ambition, injustice, oppression, slavery and war, proceed from their despising or neglecting the precepts contained in the Bible.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|I believe in most men there is a certain amount of violence. Every man has a bit of fight in him, but some of them have to look deeper within themselves, further than most. The fight is there if you search for it; people don’t think they’ve got it at all, but they have got it, like the weakest fucking crony you could see on earth. If someone broke in to the house, I believe he’d fucking have a go rather than somebody hurt his wife and kids; it would press him to his limits. If he’s not going to defend his pitch, he’s not worth a cup of cold fucking water.
Charles Wright|Our dreams are luminous, a cast fire upon the world.Morning arrives and that's it.Sunlight darkens the earth.
James Rozoff, Perchance to Dream|The dial of the clock wears out unevenly; Most worn Is the area round eight. As it is stared at with abrasive glancesunfailingly twice a day, It is weathered away. On the other side The area at two Is only half as worn, For closed eyes at nightPass without stopping. If there is one who possesses a flat watch evenly worn, It is he who, failing at the start, is running one lap behind. Thus the world is always A lap fast--The world he thinks he sees Has not yet begun. Illusory time, When the hands stand vertically on the dial; Without the bell announcing the raising of the curtain, The play has come to an end.
Steven J. Lawson|The lamp of divine, written revelation reveals the will of God for the believer. Whether it is expressed by biblical command or precept, by scriptural example or principle, the Word illumines the path every believer must take. This divine light in Scripture is not a mere option, but an absolute necessity for every follower of Christ.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Extend Invitations"How many times have you sat at home alone feeling jealous or sad that you were not invited to a party or out to dinner? You may have seen people having fun on Facebook and wondered what it would take to be included next time. And when you don’t feel included, it can leave you feeling rejected, dismissed, lonely and excluded. It does not have to be this way. Why do we wait for others to do the inviting? You can change your social life instantly by taking the initiative to reach out and connect with someone.
R. Buckminster Fuller|We cannot remember too often that when we observe nature, and especially the ordering of nature, it is always ourselves alone we are observing.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|The greatest irony is that people with Rolodexes are no longer LinkedIn. And if that pun doesn't make sense, don’t ask anyone in your Rolodex to explain it.
Wendell Berry|People who own the world outright for profit will have to be stopped by influence, by power, by us.
Dave Brubeck|I think I'm mostly looking forward to the college life. I'm looking forward to more freedom. Here everything is really structured and scheduled, but in college you've got to be more responsible and you can get things done on your own time. I'm really looking forward to that.
Emmi Itäranta, Memory of Water|Sometimes, a girl just has to dive under the duvet and regroup.
Louis L'Amour, The Man Called Noon|If you want the law to leave you alone, keep your hair trimmed and your boots shined.
Klaus Schulze|At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.
Greg L. Bahnsen, Theonomy in Christian Ethics|I ask: which of the two, civil or natural life, is more likely to become insufferable to those who live it? We see about us practically no people who do not complain about their existence; many even deprive themselves of it to the extent they are able, and the combination of divine and human laws is hardly enough to stop this disorder.
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|No soul in the world is without a particular mission to perform and accomplish, and the misery of every soul is in not having come to understanding of the purpose for which he is born. The lifetime of confusion is always caused by souls wandering all the time away from the purpose of which they were born.Inayat Khan (1882 – 1927).
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|The cities, the roads, the countryside, the people I meet - they all begin to blur. I tell myself I am searching for something. But more and more, it feels like I am wandering, waiting for something to happen to me, something that will change everything, something that my whole life has been leading up to.
H.D., Trilogy: The Walls Do Not Fall / Tribute to the Angels / The Flowering of the Rod|...if you do not even understand what words say,how can you expect to pass judgementon what words conceal?
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|He taught us that everyone has a good story and the more of others you understand, the better your grasp of human nature, a gift given great weight in my family" (73). - Bill Clinton, "Paying Attention
James Whitcomb Riley|A Parting GuestWhat delightful hosts are they—Life and Love!Lingeringly I turn away,This late hour, yet glad enoughThey have not withheld from meTheir high hospitality.So, with face lit with delightAnd all gratitude, I stayYet to press their hands and say,Thanks.—So fine a time! Good night.
Jim Rohn|People don't want to think. And the deeper they get into trouble, the less they want to think. But by some sort of instinct, they feel that they ought to and it makes them feel guilty. So they'll bless and follow anyone who gives them a justification for not thinking. Anyone who makes a virtue - a highly intellectual virtue - out of what they know to be their sin, their weakness and their guilt.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
Ron Koertge, Lies, Knives, and Girls in Red Dresses|Once upon a time there was a great queen who, having given birth to twin daughters, invited twelve fairies who lived nearby to come and bestow gifts upon them, as was the custom in those days. Indeed, it was a very useful custom, for the power of the fairies generally compensated for the deficiencies of nature. Sometimes, however, they also spoiled what nature had done its best to make perfect, as we shall soon see.("Green Serpent")
Tonya Burrows, Broken Honor|Bra already forgotten, he was working on her pants, and he kissed every inch he bared, from her waist to her knees, then to her ankles, then her toes, one by one. he laid a path of kisses down on leg, then up the other, then he placed a long, lingering kiss at her center, through her panties, She was already wet for him.	Not that he hurried. All the impatience he'd shown earlier seemed to have evaporated. Doris could have crocheted a pair of panties in the amount of time it took Hunter to remove Gabi's.	She squirmed under him. "I thought they teach speed in the military."	"When warranted. There are times that call for careful deliberation."	"You're going to deliberate me to death," she warned, just as he finally parted her hot flesh, a move that immediately silenced her.	But he didn't touch her further. He blew on her clit.	She nearly jackkifed off the couch. He pushed her knees up until her heels touched her butt, then he pushed her knees out until she was spread wide open just inches from his face.	And then he just looked.	Good grief. What was there to look at?	"Touch me!" she snapped when she couldn't stand the suspense any longer. "Touch me, you torturous bastard. That's an order."	He laughed deeply and heartily. "And what are you going to do if I don't?"	"I'll arrest you."	"I think that's what they call an abuse of power." His eyes glinted darkly. "But the idea of handcuffs does have considerable merit.
Don DeLillo, Falling Man|What you see is not what wee se. What you see is distracted by memory, by being who you are, all this time, for all these years.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You: Just the Words|Because I found the strength to do the things I believe in, and the will to stop doing the things I don't believe in.So I have discovered what it means, to be at peace.
Catherine Anderson, Annie's Song|When God saw fit to bestow such a gift, a man with any sense didn’t ask questions.
Anne Rice|We do not propose any rules; we offer observations. "No right on red" is a rule. "Driving at high speed toward a brick wall usually ends badly" is an observation.
Michael Novak, The Tiber Was Silver|Of course. A new consciousness - I that that is the word,' said the old man after he had thought a moment. 'That is what I hope it is. You and your African and Colombian, you are speaking the same language now, you know the same ideas. You are conscious that life on earth is flux. Men are better educated. They are more disciplined than in the past - their schedules are harder, their lives move faster, efficiency digs into them. Men are more sophisticated -every day they have more alternatives to choose among than they can possibly exhaust. Through psychiatry they know their strengths and weaknesses. They know the risks of every choice. This is what I mean by consciousness. Men know so much about everything they do. It was much simpler when they didn't know, when they simply acted out of instinct, believed from instinct, loved from instinct, brought up children by their instincts. Perhaps people were even happier. But now we are more conscious. We have got to live with our greater knowledge. We have got to live with our greater freedom.
Geoffrey Wood|Come let's go inside. I'm sure you and your men are hungry.""Yes," Allan said, grinning."Shameless," I heard David grunt."There is no glory in shame," Allan said back.
Bruno Bauer|By religion, then, I understand a propitiation or conciliation of powers superior to man which are believed to direct and control the course of nature and of human life.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|Kill them with success, and bury them with a smile
Brynn Kelly, Edge of Truth|You’d better touch me before something happens spontaneously that makes me look embarrassingly desperate.”	“Really?” He lowered just close enough for his chest to graze the fabric covering her bra, squeezing a squeak from her throat. “I’d like to watch that. You’re making abstinence sound fun.
Robert Jordan|Ban short-selling, high speed trading and all other instruments of pure speculation
Kathleen Peacock|It's about quality, not quantity. It's about the memories, the bond, the love. It's about the heart.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must each achieve greater individual consciousness and self-knowledge, and project mindful kindness toward everything and everyone.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Very often we sit back thinking good things will happen, knowing that good things take time and hoping that someone else will do it. The world needs us!
George Eliot, Silas Marner|Behind every "Truth" there is always a "Lie", Behind every " Lie" there is always a "Reason", and behind every " Reason" there is always a "Person"....
Barry Allen "The Flash"|Sometimes the only way to move forward is to revisit the things in your past that were holding you back. You have to deal with them head on, no matter how scary they may be. Because once we do, you will see that you can go further than you ever imagined.
William Graham Sumner|Dad taught me everything I know. Unfortunately, he didn't teach me everything he knows.
Michael Grant, Gone|We’ll fight them. We took down my dad. We’ve taken down so many since then. We’ll take down these jokesters too.”“I will never let anything happen to you,” Nick growls into my hair. “I will die before you get hurt again. So help me God, Zara. I will die."“Me too.”“What?”“I will die before I let anyone hurt you or Issie or Dev or Gram or . . .” I stop and pull my head away from his chest so I can look up at him. “This list is getting kind of long and melodramatic, isn’t it?”He laughs. His hand moves slowly up my spine. He starts leaning down for a kiss. “Yeah. It is.
L.M.Robins|For the sake of your health and happiness, replace the loss that causes sadness with the thanks that yields gratitude.
Jimmy Buffett, A Pirate Looks at Fifty|The only thing that is still free in this world is religion, which is why a lot of people "find it.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|The angels heralded the birth of the Savior, John the Baptist heralded the coming of the Savior, and we herald the gospel of the Savior.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|The pleasure of eating should be an extensive pleasure, not that of the mere gourmet. People who know the garden in which their vegetables have grown and know that the garden is healthy will remember the beauty of the growing plants, perhaps in the dewy first light of morning when gardens are at their best. Such a memory involves itself with the food and is one of the pleasures of eating. (pg. 326, The Pleasures of Eating)
Woody Allen|When Bishop Berkeley said  "there was no matter " And proved it - 'twas no matter what he said.
Philip K. Dick|A minute later the steam stopped. By then, I was soaking wet and, no doubt, my pores were open. Some people pay a fortune for this kind of beauty treatment. I got mine for free, if you disregard the bruises, headache and all those dead people."- Corin Hayes, Silent City (working title)
Floyd Skloot|When I was 10 years old, I loved - I loved books, and I used to haunt the secondhand bookshop. And I found a little book I could just afford, and I bought it, and I took it home. And I climbed up my favorite tree, and I read that book from cover to cover. And that was Tarzan of the Apes. I immediately fell in love with Tarzan.
Ivor A. Richards, Richards on Rhetoric: I.A. Richards: Selected Essays (1929-1974)|This essay is intended to serve as a reminder that immense and threatening divisions in mankind can spring from differences between virtues as well as from envies and greeds. When the virtues on each part are largely inapprehensible by the other, the danger is heightened by Man's natural fear of what he does not understand, and his inclination to suppose it not worth understanding. To attack it easier than to study. There are also, in this case of China and the West, intense and complex cultural vanities on both sides to be taken into account: vanities largely inexplicable the one to the other...
Paul McCartney, The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics|And, in the endThe love you takeis equal to the love you make.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|Maybe it was fate that I sat next to her that day, or serendipity, divine intervention, who knows? However you look at, I got seated next to the first girl to ever really steal my heart. I was in love from that moment on.
Nescio, Amsterdam Stories|Artist, never explains his work, it’s the audience that explores it. Explain Vs Explore is what we should adopt in our personality- Be unique always.
Pete Maravich|Patience is power. Patience is not an absenc of action; rather it is timing, it waits on the right time to act, for the right priciples and in the right way
Tom Holt, Lucia Triumphant|Laughter has the remarkable power of making an object come up close, of drawing it into a zone of crude contact where one can finger it familiarly on all sides, turn it upside down, inside out, peer at it from above and below, break open its external shell, look into its center, doubt it, take it apart, dismember it, lay it bare and expose it, examine it freely and experiment with it. Laughter demolishes fear and piety before an object, before a world, making of it an object of familiar contact and thus clearing the ground for an absolutely free investigation of it. Laughter is a vital factor in laying down that prerequisite for fearlessness without which it would be impossible to approach the world realistically.
Jeaniene Frost|If you were Catholic, you'd singe the ears of the priest you confessed to.
Pico Iyer, Falling Off the Map: Some Lonely Places of the World|I am a drifter, and as lonely as that can be, it is also remarkably freeing. I will never define myself in terms of anyone else.
Andre Gide|Both for Havana's beauty and decay, it's very hard to restrain yourself from staring everywhere you look.
John Knox|When the Bible offends you, be encouraged that it offends everyone at some point. Consider the responsibility of the Bible. It must speak the truth to every culture through every era of history. I believe that there has never been a culture on earth that has not been offended by the Bible on some issue. What offends one group could be common sense to another and vice versa. Some cultures are offended that God would judge people for their sin. Some cry out to God to judge people because of sin. There are some cultures that are appalled at how God would forgive people no matter what they have done. For other cultures, that kind of forgiveness is expected of God.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Life is ephemeral; each moment passes quickly, a blur of color on a fast moving subway car. There and gone and all we are left with is the imprint of what once was.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|If you haven’t lost your mind yet, that’s because you haven’t seen very much.
Lewis Carroll|Secrets are the kind of adventure she needs. Secrets are safe, and they do much to make you different. On the inside where it counts.
Tobias Lindholm|I wanted to get into films, and my parents were against it. I convinced my mom, and finally she convinced my dad. My dad then felt, who best to launch his son than him? So he launched me, and here I am.
Steve Berry, The Venetian Betrayal|If you want to live your whole life free from pain,you must either be a god or a corpse.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Amid the stillness of the night, in the depths of the ravine, from the direction in which the corpses lay suddenly resounded a kind of inhuman, frightful laughter in which quivered despair, and joy, and cruelty, and suffering, and pain, and sobbing, and derision; the heart-rending and spasmodic laughter of the insane or condemned.
Sam Dogra, The Binding|Ryan, if you abandon me here, I will have no choice but to tell your father,” Navinka cut in. “You don’t want Aronzo and his men prowling after you again.” She gave a stretch. “I can inform Lord Glenford we are joining my father in Dragonvale. The East Pass is a safe route. He will not insist on sending a further escort.” She flashed a deadly smile. “I can make your life easier or more difficult. I leave the choice to you.
Morrissey|You made me feel less alone;you made me feel not quite sodeformed, uninformed and hunchbacked.
Murzban F. Shroff, Breathless in Bombay|One generation's pleasure became a burden for another. Hence, entire collections from father to son were sold for a song, and the vendors, knowing nothing about literature, would place a price on the books. (about secondhand literature book)
Saleem Durrani|Fear is a probability by its own cause of actions, if we live by it we lose all the possibilities of endurance
Cliff James, Of Bodies Changed|Have you ever wondered why we bury and cremate our dead? Nothing to do with hygiene, it’s just so we don’t have to see the reality of death. You know, the Zoroastrians used to leave their dead in open places for the birds to eat. Now that’s a far more honest way to go, don’t you agree? Everyone can see what happens. It makes us live our lives more potently. That’s how I want to go, at my end: openly. Not ashamed of death, but embracing it.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|Human nature is full of riddles and contradictions; its very complexity engenders art—and by art I mean the search for something more than simple linear formulations, flat solutions, oversimplified explanations. One of these riddles is: how is it that people who have been crushed by the sheer weight of slavery and cast to the bottom of the pit can nevertheless find strength to rise up and free themselves, first in spirit and then in body; while those who soar unhampered over the peaks of freedom suddenly appear to lose the taste for freedom, lose the will to defend it, and, hopelessly confused and lost, almost begin to crave slavery. Or again: why is it that societies which have been benumbed for half a century by lies they have been forced to swallow find within themselves a certain lucidity of heart and soul which enables them to see things in their true perspective and to perceive the real meaning of events; whereas societies with access to every kind of information suddenly plunge into lethargy, into a kind of mass blindness, a kind of voluntary self deception.
Marty Rubin|When you feel good about the value you offer the organization, communicating and demonstrating your value to others is much easier.
Darryl Steven Markowitz, The Sacrificial Wood|Workers – men and women – of all countries, place yourselves under the banner of the Fourth International. It is the banner of your approaching victory!
Tony Magistrale|Poetry": What kind of art assumes the dislike of its audience and what kind of artist aligns herself with that dislike, even encourages it? An art hated from without and within.
Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...|Sin can be forgiven, but stupid is forever.
Eugene Cernan|We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality.
Tamsin Greig|Dance has helped me overcome a lot of personal challenges. If I feel sad or depressed, I just go to the set and dance. It makes me feel alive.
Kazuo Ishiguro|More fundamentally, I'm interested in memory because it's a filter through which we see our lives, and because it's foggy and obscure, the opportunities for self-deception are there. In the end, as a writer, I'm more interested in what people tell themselves happened rather than what actually happened.
Susan Palwick, Homecoming|In the beginning was the sea, and the sea was the world
Israelmore Ayivor, Let's Go to the Next Level|If you copy my dreams, you automatically will copy my challenges too. My success will give you a crown. My challenges will make you frown.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|And I came to believe that good and evil are names for what people do, not for what they are. All we can say is that this is a good deed, because it helps someone or that's an evil one because it hurts them. People are too complicated to have simple labels.
Humberto Contreras, The Preponderant Factor|What will we be doing, when everything that can be done, can be done better by robots?
Peter Prasad|Voters have soaked up a noggin full of negativity over the last twenty years, with an economy we had to bring back from collapse, plus terrorist attacks and wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. I don’t want to belabor these points, but your listeners know what I’m talking about. I think the antidote is to appreciate what we have, enjoy where we live, and make a positive contribution to our communities. My Cracker Pride campaign is balanced by the spirit of Cincinnatus. He was a farmer and Roman general who was twice made dictator. And he had the forbearance to resign as dictator as soon as he had vanquished Rome’s enemies. He became a civic ideal for good leadership. That’s the spirit I want in my district and in my campaign. - Veda Rabadel, The Tea & Crackers Campaign.
Red Skelton|When Julia Child was asked to what she credited her longevity  she replied  "Red meat and gin."
Lucille Anderson|What is chemistry in a relationship, Really? Chemistry can be spontaneous combustion that excites, incites, often harms. But not understood. Chemistry can also be that which is studied, intentional, and knows how to be repeated and improved upon. Do you have the right chemistry?
Nathan Englander|It's death and destruction I want to bring down upon House Lannister, not scorn. Jon said.
Greg Calvert|Being conscious makes our existence so heavy, and it needs nothing less than a great understanding to make it light again. We manifest the most advanced form of unconscious development within a nature which we know so little about it, more or less living a state of ignorance. This is what makes consious heavy and what makes knowledge exciting. This is what makes a mind so curious.
Sheila Wray Gregoire, The Good Girl's Guide to Great Sex: And You Thought Bad Girls Have All the Fun|Sex is not about genitalia. It’s about relationship. When God said ‘the two shall become one flesh,’ he didn’t mean it only physically.
Paul karan|MY ⓈⓉⓎⓁⒺ is,My Presentation➟ &My Attituⅾe is,Your Reflection
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|If we are alone, we become more alone. Life is strange
Marie Wilson|Shy, I can’t be fixed. We won’t ride off into the sunset. There will be no happy ending.
Andy Andrews|As long as I'm not selling out the people that ride or die with me, I'm glad I'm not an MC. I'm a motivational speaker. I'm not that rapper dude.
Sami Abouzid|Love Can Left you Up, Love Can let You Down, Love Can make you cry like a lonely Clown
Poppet, Sveta|Kicking the door shut with the heel of my boot, I wedge her against it, raining kisses on her skin, wishing I could climb inside her and kiss away the welts left on her heart and mind.
Lisa Bedrick, How to Walk Worthy of Your Calling|Most of us don't fear that we are not enough; what most of us really fear is our own greatness. Most of us have a fear of success. Why? Because we don't think that we deserve to be successful in anything. This is why people recklessly spend their money or don't work as hard as they could or do things that they know are wrong. They are hindering their own success on purpose, because they don't think they deserve it. They cut their own legs out from underneath them on purpose. They are self-sabotaging.
Shannon Hale|Life feels like fall of itself.""'A dream within a dream.""And I want to wake up.
Seth Shostak|There's a simple arithmetical logic at work. Build more unaffordable and not always architecturally sympathetic apartments, watch the rents rise, the tarts leave, the small shops, production offices and design studios close down, and hey presto, we have another fashionable London suburb indistinguishable from the rest.
Apolo Ohno|It may be a mistake, that man, in a state of nature, is more disposed to cruelty than courtesy.
Randall E. Auxier|Bass players share a secret fellowship, a sort of gnosis peculiar to their breed, a kind of smart that is hard for others to recognize or understand: the art of the whole sound. Bass players actually believe in musical epistemology, they are practitioners of musical metaphysics.
Debasish Mridha|When you see everything with love,everything looks at you with love.
Cendrine Marrouat, The Little Big eBook on Social Media Audiences: Build Yours, Keep It, and Win|The way you react to challenging situations will say a lot about you. Actually, it will make or break your business.
Julia Barkey|There’s someone here.”“I know.” She said, “Where’s Scott?” “I’m not sure,” He said, “I thought you were going to wait outside with Nichole and Matt.”“We decided to come in.”“You mean they’re in here too?”“Yes.”“Okay…” He said calmly, “You stay here.”She nodded as he turned to go.“Oh, and Carrie.”“Yes?”“Could you actually listen to me this time?” He asked with a faint smile on his face.
Deyth Banger|I don't know what I want to do, or who I want to be, or where I want to live. It's like everyone else has their entire future mapped out except for me.
Dawn Marie Hamilton, Just Beyond the Garden Gate|I am married but I've yet to meet my wife, and she is dead. Such is the life of a time-traveler... complicated, that is.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|To live in the light of a new day and an unimaginable and unpredictable future, you must become fully present to a deeper truth - not a truth from your head, but a truth from your heart; not a truth from your ego, but a truth from the highest source.
Ilona Andrews, Steel's Edge|We all tend to make zealous judgement, and thereby close ourselves off from revelation.
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|Ever wanted more. After all, women weren’t equal to men. They were better. Certainly not in strength or their skill in killing things, but when it came to propagation women absolutely trounced men. Men could bring some chips to the party, but that shindig was always going down in the belly of a woman. And considering that the hardest part of gathering food now was finding a parking spot, strength and killing things were significantly less high on the list of key survival traits.
Ryszard Kapuściński, The Cobra's Heart|I feel to that the gap between my new life in New York and the situation at home in Africa is stretching into a gulf, as Zimbabwe spirals downwards into a violent dictatorship. My head bulges with the effort to contain both worlds. When I am back in New York, Africa immediately seems fantastical – a wildly plumaged bird, as exotic as it is unlikely.Most of us struggle in life to maintain the illusion of control, but in Africa that illusion is almost impossible to maintain. I always have the sense there that there is no equilibrium, that everything perpetually teeters on the brink of some dramatic change, that society constantly stands poised for some spasm, some tsunami in which you can do nothing but hope to bob up to the surface and not be sucked out into a dark and hungry sea. The origin of my permanent sense of unease, my general foreboding, is probably the fact that I have lived through just such change, such a sudden and violent upending of value systems.In my part of Africa, death is never far away. With more Zimbabweans dying in their early thirties now, mortality has a seat at every table. The urgent, tugging winds themselves seem to whisper the message, memento mori, you too shall die. In Africa, you do not view death from the auditorium of life, as a spectator, but from the edge of the stage, waiting only for your cue. You feel perishable, temporary, transient. You feel mortal. Maybe that is why you seem to live more vividly in Africa. The drama of life there is amplified by its constant proximity to death. That’s what infuses it with tension. It is the essence of its tragedy too. People love harder there. Love is the way that life forgets that it is terminal. Love is life’s alibi in the face of death. For me, the illusion of control is much easier to maintain in England or America. In this temperate world, I feel more secure, as if change will only happen incrementally, in manageable, finely calibrated, bite-sized portions. There is a sense of continuity threaded through it all: the anchor of history, the tangible presence of antiquity, of buildings, of institutions. You live in the expectation of reaching old age.At least you used to.But on Tuesday, September 11, 2001, those two states of mind converge. Suddenly it feels like I am back in Africa, where things can be taken away from you at random, in a single violent stroke, as quick as the whip of a snake’s head. Where tumult is raised with an abruptness that is as breathtaking as the violence itself. 
Zhuangzi, Chuang Tzu: Basic Writings|Words are not just wind. Words have something to say. But if what they have to say is not fixed, then do they really say something? Or do they say nothing? People suppose that words are different from the peeps of baby birds, but is there any difference, or isn't there? What does the Way rely upon, that we have true and false? What do words rely upon, that we have right and wrong? How can the Way go away and not exist? How can words exist and not be acceptable? When the Way relies on little accomplishments and words reply on vain show, then we have rights and wrongs of the Confucians and the Mo-ists. What one calls right the other calls wrong; what one calls wrong the other calls right. But if we want to right their wrongs and wrong their rights, then the best to use is clarity.
Dorothy Stratten|Do not trust to the cheering, for those persons would shout as much if you and I were going to be hanged.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|Art is the conscious making of numinous phenomena. Many objects are just objects - inert, merely utilitarian. Many events are inconsequential, too banal to add anything to our experience of life. This is unfortunate, as one cannot grow except by having one’s spirit greatly stirred; and the spirit cannot be greatly stirred by spiritless things. Much of our very life is dead. For primitive man, this was not so. He made his own possessions, and shaped and decorated them with the aim of making them not merely useful, but powerful. He tried to infuse his weapons with the nature of the tiger, his cooking pots with the life of growing things; and he succeeded. Appearance, material, history, context, rarity - perhaps rarity most of all - combine to create, magically, the quality of soul. But we modern demiurges are prolific copyists; we give few things souls of their own. Locomotives, with their close resemblance to beasts, may be the great exception; but in nearly all else with which today’s poor humans are filling the world, I see a quelling of the numinous, an ashening of the fire of life. We are making an inert world; we are building a cemetery. And on the tombs, to remind us of life, we lay wreaths of poetry and bouquets of painting. You expressed this very condition, when you said that art beautifies life. No longer integral, the numinous has become optional, a luxury - one of which you, my dear friend, are fond, however unconsciously. You adorn yourself with the same instincts as the primitive who puts a frightening mask of clay and feathers on his head, and you comport yourself in an uncommonly calculated way - as do I. We thus make numinous phenomena of ourselves. No mean trick - to make oneself a rarity, in this overpopulated age.
Kelley Armstrong, Omens|For certain he hath seen all perfectnessFor certain he hath seen all perfectness. Who among other ladies hath seen mine: They that go with her humbly should combine To thank their God for such peculiar grace. So perfect is the beauty of her face That it begets in no wise any sign Of envy, but draws round her a clear line Of love, and blessed faith, and gentleness. Merely the sight of her inakes all things bow: Not she herself alone is holier Than all: but hers, through her, are raised above. From all her acts such lovely graces flow That truly one may never think of her Without a passion of exceeding love.
Michael Crichton|As long as you wear clothes you love, which suit your body and your personality, it won’t matter if you’re wearing a dress that was in vogue five years ago; you’ll still look amazing. Also, somebody has to START new trends, and that somebody could be you.
Debasish Mridha|Like nature, we must grow with tranquility, beauty, harmony, and love.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Just me, my music, and the voices in my head.
Amit Kalantri|Travelling shouldn't be just a tour, it should be a tale.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Percy Jackson," Hermes said, "because you have taken on the curse of Achilles, I must spare you. You are in the hands of the Fates now. But you will never speak to me like that again. You have no idea how much I have sacrificed, how much—"His voice broke, and he shrank back to human size. "My son, my greatest pride . . . my poor May . . ."He sounded so devastated I didn't know what to say. One minute he was ready to vaporize us. Now he looked like he needed a hug.
Ben Marcus, The Flame Alphabet|We shared a daughter? I'd not thought about it that way before. If we shared a daughter, and something happened to Claire, then I would not have to hare Esther with her anymore. I would have Esther to myself.
Sunday Adelaja|People with a distinctly displayed fear of failure, when they encounter more complicated tasks of a problem nature, the quality of work becomes worse, while it improves in case of people with motivation for success
Nicholas Kristof|It's worth noting that everything - from the Internet to electric cars, genomic sequencing, mobile apps, and social media - were pioneered by startups, not existing companies.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|When it comes to biblical counseling, friendship is central to the counseling relationship because it is a key aspect of the Gospel. Paul's words display it; Jesus' actions approve it. In Jesus Christ, friendship has its ultimate – that is, it's paradigmatic – display. He sacrificially gave Himself for the good of those he befriended – people who were awkward and troubled types, people who did not offer Him anything particularly desirable in return.
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|When I noticed other people, I wondered what it was like to be alive. They did not know, could not know, how I felt inside. My shell still passed for normal. I felt like I should scream for help, someone should help, but I knew that the time for screaming had passed. Best to just keep on walking, walking dead, one of the few things I could still do. So I kept walking.
Claire Dyer, The Perfect Affair|After all, she knows how painful it can be not to follow your heart and she knows about the obstacles and about loyalty and duty and about the countless kinds of love. If only Eve and Myles were freer to make the right choices, she thinks.
Nalini Singh, Play of Passion|Once, he hadn't been able to touch her without causing himself pain. Now, it only hurt when he didn't touch her.
Jim Davis|When a singer truly feels and experiences what the music is all about, the words will automatically ring true.
Barbara Brown Taylor|When I stopped trying to block my sadness and let it move me instead, it led me to a bridge with people on the other side.” … I learned that sadness does not sink a person; it is the energy a person spends trying to avoid sadness that does that.
Cait Johnson, Tarot for Every Day: Ideas and Activities for Bringing Tarot Wisdom into Your Daily Life|To honor and celebrate; or to balance and rectify, drawing what you want or need into your life. A third mode is less personal, involving a desire to know more deeply, involving a desire to know more deeply, to grow in knowledge and understanding of the cards--breathing in the wisdom of the tarot for its own sake and to learn more about life and the human condition.
Eudora Welty, One Writer's Beginnings|It had been startling and disappointing to me to find out that story books had been written by people, that books were not natural wonders, coming up of themselves like grass. Yet regardless of where they come from, I cannot remember a time when I was not in love with them -- with the books themselves, cover and binding and the paper they were printed on, with their smell and their weight and with their possession in my arms, captured and carried off to myself. Still illiterate, I was ready for them, committed to all the reading I could give them ...
Tim Burton|Stain BoyOf all the super heroes,the strangest one by far,doesn't have a special power,or drive a fancy car.next to Superman and batman, I guess he must seem tame.But to me he is quite special,and Stain Boy is his name.He can't fly around tall buildings,or outrun a speeding train,the only talent he seems to haveis to leave a nasty stain.Sometimes I know it bothers him,that he can't run or swim or fly,and because of this one ability,his dry cleaning bill is sky-high.
Jill Telford|May you live forever, and may I never die.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Success is not a distant dream,it is a reality for those who sweat to achieve it,enjoy sleepless nights, take calculative steps through the day,and with self introspection keeps it humble with a smile.Then success gets loud with the achiever's mouth shut,while the world celebrates one's victory.
Edward Brooke|A lot of people feel that the realm of poetry and the realm of the lyric is personal feeling and should rise above politics, which, in fact, good poetry has never done.
Cecilia Llompart, The Wingless|If you don't look before the dusk and beyond the dawn, you won't be able to see the sun. (Soar)
Janna Levin, A Madman Dreams of Turing Machines|We come to a lamp beside the pathway, and suddenly we stop walking, and we start to dance, and we glitter in the shafts of light, like stars, like flies, like flakes of dust.
Luminita D. Saviuc, 15 Things You Should Give Up to Be Happy: An Inspiring Guide to Discovering Effortless Joy|People, places and experiences aren’t meant to be labeled and judged, they are meant to be loved and appreciated, since deep down inside, the nature we all share is love, light and happiness.
Adele Green in Can You See Me Naked: Grow in a conscious relationship|The more opposite to you, the more challenging your partner is to you. This person holds the key to all your lost parts.
Cambria Hebert, Masquerade|The panther prowled around me in a loose, wide circle. Its mouth turned down, almost in a pout, and it seemed disappointed that I wasn't going to run away. Or scream, at the very least. Its tail, which was at least three feet long, twitched back and forth in what seemed to be annoyance. Or maybe anticipation. I didn't know. I'd always been more of a dog person.I cleared my throat, and the panther stopped and flicked up one of its rounded ears. Listening."Um, nice kitty?
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|It has been said that the body is the temple of the spirit and the mind is the altar within that temple. When we practice hatha yoga we allow ourselves to come fully into the temple of the body—not simply as a tourist wishing to admire the fine architecture, but as a seeker on a pilgrimage of deep devotion and reverence.Meditation is the devotional practice of placing on the altar of the mind that which is sacred, holy, and revered. Just as you would not place garbage on the altar of a great temple, meditation allows a yogi to place on the altar of her mind that which is noble, pure, and free from attachment.
Richard Feynman, Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!: Adventures of a Curious Character|From that first moment of doubt, there was no peace for her; from the time she first imagined leaving her forest, she could not stand in one place without wanting to be somewhere else. She trotted up and down beside her pool, restless and unhappy. Unicorns are not meant to make choices. She said no, and yes, and no again, day and night, and for the first time she began to feel the minutes crawling over her like worms.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Novels Like a Professor: A Jaunty Exploration of the World's Favorite Literary Form|Mental Note #50: The apple doesn't fall far from the tree, even though it most desperately wants to. - Notes from Ellen Wasserfeldman
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|The notion that I had walked twelve hundred miles since Rotterdam filled me with a legitimate feeling of something achieved. But why should the thought that nobody knew where I was, as though I were in flight from bloodhounds or from worshipping corybants bent on dismemberment, generate such a feeling of triumph? It always did.
Elias Canetti, The Voices of Marrakesh: A Record of a Visit|Travelling, one accepts everything; indignation stays at home. One looks, one listens, one is roused to enthusiasm by the most dreadful things because they are new. Good travellers are heartless.
Amitabh Bachchan|The way my brain processes information is quite odd. I mean, I have Attention Deficit Disorder and another learning disability I can't even spell. I don't even have a high school diploma. I'm smart, but you can't prove it on paper.
Kate Chopin|She attended the French performance, but the play's content now had a connection to her life. She read a book and the book invariably had lines with sparks from her mind, the fire of her emotions flickered here and there, and words spoken the night before were written down, as if the author had overheard how her heart beat.The forest held the same trees, but their sound had taken on special meaning; she had established a vibrant consonance with them. The birds did not simply twitter and chirp but were saying something to each other. Everything around her spoke and responded to her mood; a flower would blossom and she seemed to hear its breathing.pp. 256-257
M.L. Sanford, Auguste and The Condition|But a fix, some magic cure to his “poor” status, was really only a dream; reality usually took precedence over everything else, especially dreams.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|It is not the dead rather the ones who lives through war have seen the dreadful end of the war, you might have been victorious, unwounded but deep within you, you carry the mark of the war, you carry the memories of war, the time you have spend with your comrades, the times when you had to dug in to foxholes to avoid shelling, the times when you hate to see your comrade down on the ground, feeling of despair, atrocities of the war, missing families, home. They live through hell and often the most wounded, they live with the guilt, despair, of being in the war, they may be happy but deep down they are a different person. Not everyone is a hero. You live with the moments, time when you were unsuccessful, when your actions would have helped your comrades, when your actions get your comrades killed, you live with regret, joyous in the victory can never help you forget the time you have spent. You are victorious for the people you have lost, the decisions you have made, the courage you have shown but being victorious in the war has a price to pay, irrevocable. You can't take a memory back from a person, even if you lose your memory your imagination haunts you as deep down your sub conscious mind you know who you are, who you were. Close you eyes and you can very well see your past, you cant change your past, time you have spent, you live through all and hence you are a hero not for the glorious war for the times you have faced. Decoration with medals is not going to give your life back. the more you know, more experiences doesn't make it easy rather make its worse. Arms and ammunition kills you once and free you from the misery but the experiences of war kills you everyday, makes you cherish the times everyday through the life. You may forgot that you cant walk anymore, you may forget you cant use your right hand, you may forgot the scars on your face but you can never forgot war. Life without war is never easy and only the ones how survived through it can understand. Soldiers are taught to fight but the actual combat starts after war which you are not even trained for. You rely on your weapon, leaders, comrades, god, luck in the war but here you rely on your self to beat the horrors,they have seen hell, heaven, they have felt the mixed emotions of hope, despair, courage, victory, defeat, scared.
William Law|The Spirit of Love, wherever it is, is its own blessing and happiness, because it is the truth and reality of God in the soul; and therefore is in the same joy of life, and is the same good to itself everywhere and on every occasion. Would you know the blessing of all blessings? It is this God of Love dwelling in your soul, and killing every root of bitterness, which is the pain and torment of every earthly, selfish love. For all wants are satisfied, all disorders of nature are removed, no life is any longer a burden, every day is a day of peace, everything you meet becomes a help to you, because everything you see or do is all done in the sweet, gentle element of Love.
Pope John Paul II|If the history of the Day of Atonement has anything to say to us now it is: never relieve individuals of moral responsibility. The more we have, the more we grow.
Charles Dudley Warner|I doubt I'll ever do another book collaboration; I've been spoiled. Roger and I both happened to move to New Mexico at about the same time, when we each had a family of young kids to raise. Socializing seemed to lead naturally to working together.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Each of us is a unique thread, woven into the beautiful fabric, of our collective consciousness.
Charles Lambert, With a Zero at its Heart|It pleases him how Spell is how the word is made but also, in the hands of the magician, how the world is changed. One letter separates Word from World, and that letter is like the number one, or an 'I', or a shaft of light between almost closed curtains. There is an old letter called a thorn, which jags and tears at the throat as it's uttered. Later he learns that Grammar and Glamour share the same deeper root, which is further magic, and there can be neither magic without that root, nor plant. He's lost in it like Chid in Child, or God reversed into Dog. Somewhere inside him is a colon. A sentence can last for life.
Steve Goodier|None of us lives in isolation. We're in it together. And some conflict along the way is inevitable. But our highest priority, when all is said and done, has to be commitment to each other –- sticking together.
Lexi Blake, A Dom is Forever|And sometimes I misbehave on purpose.""Seriously?!""It's called being a brat. Ben will sometimes indulge me [and punish me], but occasionally I have to listen to a lecture about asking for what I want. And those times, I get sent to bed without an orgasm.
Jefferson Bethke, It's Not What You Think: Why Christianity is About So Much More Than Going to Heaven When You Die|When I think of whisper, I think of tenderness, gentleness, beauty. And that was God's voice. The hard part with whispers, though, is we have to be listening for them. They are just loud enough that only the people listening will hear and those who are distracted won't.
Erwin Raphael McManus, The Barbarian Way: Unleash the Untamed Faith Within|In control. Out of control. Sometimes they're the same thing. The trick is knowing it's okay to feel out of control once in a while, as long as you're sure you can regain the upper hand when you absolutely need to.
Lindsey Leavitt, Sean Griswold's Head|We have different interests,fit into different cliques, but the length of our friendship makesmost of that unimportant. You go through enough with a personover a long enough period of time and they just become a part ofwho you are.
Jessica Ennis|At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough.
Laurie Halse Anderson|Teen problem novels? I can go through them like a box of chocolates. And there are fantasy books out now that need a lot more editing. Fantasy got to be so popular that people began to think 'We don't need to be as diligent with the razor blade,' but they do.
Sandy Oshiro Rosen, Bare: The Misplaced Art of Grieving and Dancing|Caring for others tends to be the first cut when we review our personal time budget. It does not necessarily fulfill the goals of my ambition; it will not pave the way for my success; it takes away from my own depleted emotional resources. It is an imposition in every way. To some of us, it is an inconvenience from which we unashamedly run. We have become experts in maintaining a grand scope of friendships and amateurs in genuine intimacy and care. Unwittingly, we have sacrificed everything on the altar of self-sufficiency—only to discover that we have sold our souls to isolation.
Michael Franti|And now I have a big house, nice clothes and I travel in first class and I love it, so maybe it's time to enjoy being a star.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|I recognized your good character.Because of my silence, Petra HermansH. Koper
Mary Kubica, The Good Girl|If I feel sure of one thing, it is that this kind of “health” imperative is not moral. It is grooming.
Charles Bukowski, Pulp|Say this one time with me: "Would you like that in a pump or a loafer?"... Good. Now memorize it, because starting tomorrow, the only job that you're going to be able to get is selling SHOES!
lauren klarfeld|The old you has been left behind to leave place for the new you. And it will be a new you that your new friends will admire, that your old friends will struggle to understand and that your true friends will learn to embrace.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|A woman eats to feed her pussy." Meaning: Anything we do to excess is in compensation for not getting a minimum amount of sexual gratification.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|The mind is wired by society, the heart is wired by your deepest desires for a blissful life.
Gregory Maguire, Out of Oz|Ignorance to Awareness is the true journey of Life, called ‘Life’.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|The architect, like other workers in our endeavor, is facing the inevitability of a change of profession: he [sic] will no longer be a builder of forms alone, but a builder of complete ambiances.
Anonymous|Politics divides a nation, instead of bringing its people together.
Adam Scott Wolf|What magic is this?' the muse says to the man. 'A flower, a dream, a fairy-tale wish,' the man says to his muse. The muse smiles.
Julian Barnes, Levels of Life|Love may not lead where we think or hope, but regardless of outcome it should be a call to seriousness and truth. If it is not that - if it is not moral in its effect - then love is no more than an exaggerated form of pleasure.
George Eliot|So Europe needs to be competitive and we also need to be competitive if we wish to remain an interesting economic partner for the United States. This has to be done on the basis of strength, of competitiveness.
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion|For the most part, each day listed a different rendition of "Justin ate well" and "Justin took a great nap". Every now and then they noted Justin doing unusual things, like biting. I was embarrassed to read "Justin is biting his friends again" or "Justin did better with biting and only bit one boy". Other than that, though, my son was a pretty happy-go-lucky kid.
Mo Ibrahim|Prior to getting into music, I interacted with, on a daily basis, about 5-10 percent of the people that I've interacted with since then. I've been meeting people from different backgrounds and different cultures. That did allow for a lot of change. I've changed as a product of that, but it's been positive.
Gyrðir Elíasson|The Pleiades and northern lights are still above the mountain. The mountain is in the east, and on its slopes there are reindeer. Reindeer always remind me of trees that have taken to moving. They remind me even more of trees than people do. In the distant past, reindeer were trees as people were, but they haven't come such a long way from their origins, and the branches can be seen although they no longer bear leaves.I have my bedtime book in my hand and my pocket light and walk toward the mountain over the edges of the moorland in rubber boots. The book is a relative of mine, I feel; it is made out of trees and human thought, and thus the relationship becomes twofold. These are ancient poems that I am taking to the mountains and the reindeer.
Joo Lian Carter|When you are setting yourself up for success, above all put on love, because love never fails and with one-size-fits-all solution to every situation you will ever encounter.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac And Sketches Here And There|Love is like encountering a forest and having to chop down every tree but one. Oh, and you have to chop down each tree by hugging it until it falls. 
A.D. Posey|In life, be a kid in a candy store.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men on the Bummel|Being me is a job — is labour so time-consuming and expensive that I have to have a second job just to support it. So that I can drink, I have to get drink and that isn’t something people give away and then there’s drink that I need because I have drunk and the other drink I have to keep around because, sooner or later, I will drink it. That’s a full-time occupation: that’s like being a miner, or a nurse.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit and Three Other Plays|no one sleeps more beautifully than you. But i am afraid that you will waken just now, and touch me with an indifferent glance, lightly passing, and commit the murder of beauty.
Gary   Hopkins|The ripple that travels across water does not begin on its own. In order to create positive change one must act upon the intention. Creating a new idea is simple, but is just the beginning. Manifesting an idea into our perceived reality, the physical world, requires action to begin and diligence to maintain, just like any habit that already exists
Muhammad al-Harrâq|Thou seekest Lailâ. Yet she manifesteth herself within thee.Thou deemest her to be elsewhere, but elsewhere existeth not.That is a madness, well-known to lovers. So be on your guard, for otherness is the epitome of separation.Seest thou not, how her beauty enfoldeth thee.She disappeareth only if thou refusest part of thee.Come close to me, thou sayst to her, to her who is thine All.And when she loveth thee, she leadeth thee to thyself.Bliss ineffable is the meeting with her.No one reacheth her, who knoweth not essence without form.I have dissimulated about her,After I had truly displayed her through my veil.I hid her from myself, with the garment of mine own existence,And, out of jealousy, I hid her from the envier.Dazzling beauty! Should the light of thy countenanceTouch the eyes of a blind man, he would see each particle of dust.She is adorned with every grace pertaining unto beauty.And wherever she appeareth, she is desired by those who love.(Diwân)
Pope Francis|There may be aliens in our Milky Way galaxy, and there are billions of other galaxies. The probability is almost certain that there is life somewhere in space.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|I want to talk about another kind of high country now in the world of thought, which in some ways, for me at least, seems to parallel or produce feelings similar to this, and call it the high country of the mind.If all of human knowledge, everything that’s known, is believed to be an enormous hierarchic structure, then the high country of the mind is found at the uppermost reaches of this structure in the most general, the most abstract considerations of all.Few people travel here. There’s no real profit to be made from wandering through it, yet like this high country of the material world all around us, it has its own austere beauty that to some people makes the hardships of traveling through it seem worthwhile.In the high country of the mind one has to become adjusted to the thinner air of uncertainty, and to the enormous magnitude of questions asked, and to the answers proposed to these questions. The sweep goes on and on and on so obviously much further than the mind can grasp one hesitates even to go near for fear of getting lost in them and never finding one’s way out.
John Dewey|Democracy is a way of life controlled by a working faith in the possibilities of human nature. Belief in the Common Man is a familiar article in the democratic creed. That belief is without basis and significance save as it means faith in the potentialities of human nature as that nature is exhibited in every human being irrespective of race, color, sex, birth and family, of material or cultural wealth. This faith may be enacted in statutes, but it is only on paper unless it is put in force in the attitudes which human beings display to one another in all the incidents and relations of daily life. To denounce Nazism for intolerance, cruelty and stimulation of hatred amounts to fostering insincerity if, in our personal relations to other persons, if, in our daily walk and conversation, we are moved by racial, color or other class prejudice; indeed, by anything save a generous belief in their possibilities as human beings, a belief which brings with it the need for providing conditions which will enable these capacities to reach fulfillment. The democratic faith in human equality is belief that every human being, independent of the quantity or range of his personal endowment, has the right to equal opportunity with every other person for development of whatever gifts he has.
Renée Paule, Stepping Out of Time|By aggrandizing one's own abilities and achievements, the grandiose person remains out of touch with who they truly are and as such, remains prone to crossing the boundaries of others.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Dance of the Dissident Daughter|I opened my arms to embrace you, Never realizing when you glided into my prana,To be within me,To be the source of my energy.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|Especially well known around the office is my weakness for dyspareunist women. Most people would find such disparity in unity repelling, but it harmonizes perfectly with my personal tastes.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|If you think about it, the public perception of funky brain chemistry has been as varied and weird as the symptoms, historically speaking. If I had been born a Native American in another time, I might have been lauded as a medicine man. My voices would have been seen as the voices of ancestors imparting wisdom. I would have been treated with great mystical regard. If I had lived in biblical times, I might have been seen as a prophet, because, let’s face it, there are really only two possibilities: either prophets were actually hearing God speaking to them, or they were mentally ill. I’m sure if an actual prophet surfaced today, he or she would receive plenty of Haldol injections, until the sky opened up and the doctors were slapped silly by the Hand of God. In the Dark Ages my parents would have sent for an exorcist, because I was clearly possessed by evil spirits, or maybe even the Devil himself. And if I lived in Dickensian England, I would have been thrown into Bedlam, which is more than just a description of madness. It was an actual place—a “madhouse” where the insane were imprisoned in unthinkable conditions. Living in the twenty-first century gives a person a much better prognosis for treatment, but sometimes I wish I’d lived in an age before technology. I would much rather everyone think I was a prophet than some poor sick kid.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Truth be told, many couples spend more time planning the wedding and the honeymoon than they do preparing for the marriage.
Edmund Hillary|My parents and grandparents have always been engaged in teaching or the medical profession or the priesthood, so I've sort of grown up with a sense of complicity in the lives of other people, so there's no virtue in that; it's the way one is raised.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The middle class were invented to give the poor hope; the poor, to make the rich feel special; the rich, to humble the middle class.
Debasish Mridha|We are here to feel the joy of life, to love, and to expand the happiness.
Aung San Suu Kyi|Every friend of freedom must be as revolted as I am by the prospect of turning the United States into an armed camp, by the vision of jails filled with casual drug users and of an army of enforcers empowered to invade the liberty of citizens on slight evidence.
Bono|Easter is not limited to the passion and death of Christ; it also includes the dismal tragedy of life unlived by the many, and all the loss of passion and truth that goes with it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Don’t give up on yourself, your dreams and your family.
Thiruman Archunan|God presents His works embellished with color, meaning, and content in order to make Himself known and loved to those seeking Him. We are sent to this world with the responsibility, then, to affect and reshape things with His permission, to reflect our understanding, but also to be attentive to the true purpose and meaning of the creation of things.
Pablo Neruda, The Heights of Macchu Picchu|And tell me everything, tell chain by chain, and link by link, and step by step; sharpen the knives you kept hidden away, thrust them into my breast, into my hands, like a torrent of sunbursts, an Amazon of buried jaguars, and leave me cry: hours, days and years, blind ages, stellar centuries.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Is this what you do with your spare time?” he asked me, ignoring his sister.“What—are you deciding to talk to me now?” Smiling tightly, I grabbed a handful of mulch and dumped it. Rinse and repeat. “Yeah, it’s kind of a hobby. What’s yours? Kicking puppies?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge is the path, understanding is the way, wisdom is the highway, and enlightenment is the destination.
Kedar Joshi|Ask a true scientist a very profound question on his science, and he will besilent. Ask a true religious person a very simple question on his religion, and he will be frenzied.
Rae Meadows, I Will Send Rain|My father, my father, and dost thou not hearThe words that the Erl-King now breathes in mine ear?'Be calm, dearest child, 'tis thy fancy deceives;Tis the sad wind that sighs through the withering leaves.
Susan Fraser King, Lady Macbeth|Success is like sausage, you'd be surprised what goes into it.
John Abizaid|I don't think a lot of people are able to relate to genuine patriotism, a genuinely good feeling about our country and its meaning to the rest of the world.
Brian Krans, A Constant Suicide|She was looking for something I could never give her." Again his dark eyes bored into Julia's mind. "You have something of the same about you, young woman. Take my advice: Don't think you will find it in another person. You won't. It's not there. You must find it in yourself.
L.A. Kragie, Vampire Chimeras|Hope Love Grace Luckthere is space between them because you can't hanle them if all four comes at once...enjoy hope ,,,,definitely love will come to you with a small gap,and so grace and luck too.
Clare Furniss, The Year of the Rat|For now the world keeps turning and I keep breathing, in and out, in and out. I breathe in the life that is all around me, in this garden, in this city, in the fields beyond it, in the seas beyond them and the shores on the other side; life that reaches out towards the unreachable, unknowable space that is beyond all of us and the stars that burn there. The world may tip at any moment.But for now that doesn't matter.
Mensah Oteh|Life is not just the passing of time; it’s also a collection of experiences from your past, present and future.
Polly Bergen|I have a maple leaf tattoo over my heart, quite literally, and my two favorite things on Earth are being in Canada and making movies.
Elizabeth Alexander|What if the mightiest word is love, love beyond marital, filial, national. Love that casts a widening pool of light. Love with no need to preempt grievance.In today's sharp sparkle, this winter air, anything can be made, any sentence begun.On the brink, on the brim, on the cusp -- praise song for walking forward in that light.
|When you start to live your life in a manner that fulfills your positive inner-self, what people think or say about you, would never control your feelings and emotions again.
Anton Chekhov|But we-' she glanced at him as if to ascertain his position, 'we see each other only now and then-''Like lights in a storm-''In the midst of a hurricane,' she concluded, as the window shook beneath the pressure of the wind.
Robert Schumann|When a gift is deserved, it is not a gift but a payment.
Anchee Min, Red Azalea|A mother is the truest friend we have, when trials heavy and sudden fall upon us; when adversity takes the place of prosperity; when friends desert us; when trouble thickens around us, still will she cling to us, and endeavor by her kind precepts and counsels to dissipate the clouds of darkness, and cause peace to return to our hearts.
Graham Diamond, Chocolate Lenin|If you want to make breakthroughs to reach the stars, it is best that you board a ship that has already started its journey in that direction.
Janette Rallison, It's a Mall World After All|Charlotte: "It’s too bad they don’t give out diplomas for what you learn at the mall, because I could graduate with honors in that subject. No really. Since I’ve worked there, I’ve become an expert on all things shopping-related. For example, I can tell you right off who to distrust at the mall:1) Skinny people who work at Cinnabon. I mean, if they’re not eating the stuff they sell, how good can it be?2) The salesladies at department store makeup counters. No matter what they tell you, buying all that lip gloss will not make you look like the pouty models in the store posters.3) And most importantly—my best friend’s boyfriend, Bryant, who showed up at the food court with a mysterious blonde draped on his arm.
Michel de Montaigne|This gathering is what I call "intimate " which really means "Where is everybody?"
Winston S. Churchill|Democracy is the worst form of government, except for all the others.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|Black Court vampires. I just shortened it some."Ebenezar tsked. "Blampires. That's the problem with you young people. Shortening all the words.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|How well I would write if I were not here! If between the white page and the writing of words and stories that take shape and disappear without anyone's ever writing them there were not interposed that uncomfortable partition which is my person! Style, taste, individual philosophy, subjectivity, cultural background, real experience, psychology, talent, tricks of the trade: all the elements that make what I write recognizable as mine seem to me a cage that restricts my possibilities. If I were only a hand, a severed hand that grasps a pen and writes...who would move this hand? The anonymous throng? The spirit of the times? The collective unconscious? I do not know.
Judy Garland|In the silence of night I have often wished for just a few words of love from one man, rather than the applause of thousands of people.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Autumn's Journey: Deep Growth in the Grief and Loss of Life's Seasons|It’s not that I’ve ‘faked my own death’ as the saying goes. Maybe it’s that I’ve ‘faked my own life,’ and in doing so I’ve yet to realize how dead I really am.
John Fowles, The Magus|Each death laid a dreadful charge of complicity on the living; each death was incongenerous, its guilt irreducible, its sadness immortal; a bracelet of bright hair about the bone. I did not pray for her, because prayer has no efficacy; I did not cry for her, because only extroverts cry twice; I sat in the silence of that night, that infinite hostility to man, to permanence, to love, remembering her, remembering her.
Debasish Mridha|Creativity is a song of knowledge, imagination, and action.
Lance Loud|If I knew for a certainty that a man was coming to my house with the conscious design of doing me good, I should run for my life.
Answers To Prayer|While the Holy Spirit is hidden, He is never, ever absent
Melissa Tagg, Three Little Words|Captain," said the squire, "the house is quite invisible from the ship. It must be the flag they are aiming at. Would it not be wiser to take it in?""Strike my colours!" cried the captain, "No sir, not I"...
Susan  Scott, Dragons Will Fall|Her people, the Half-Lights, were the by-blows of the full-blood Magicians and humans. As such, they were outcasts from both kingdoms. Their magic was too unpredictable for the magicians, and too magic - period - for the humans.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Pick a leader who is strong and confident, yet humble. Intelligent, but not sly. A leader who encourages diversity, not racism. One who understands the needs of the farmer, the teacher, the welder, the doctor, and the environmentalist -- not only the banker, the oil tycoon, the weapons developer, or the insurance and pharmaceutical lobbyist.
Nuratiqah Jani|Ketakutan dan kebimbangan itu lahir dari jelmaan bayangan bagaimana pandangan mata mereka melihat kita. Hukuman-hukuman dunia yang membarisi akal fikir manusia sedikit sebanyak mengundang keterbatasan. Bila pun aku berkata aku telah dewasa dan bebas, tapi masih merasa terkongkong dan terikat, saat itulah aku percaya aku perlu berehat sebentar dari memikirkan hal-hal dunia yang tidak akan pernah puas dan habisnya.Apa yang sedang kau cari dan gali? Harta milik Qorun turun temurun? Gerun.
Brooklyn Ann, Bite at First Sight|Te amo, Querida," he whispered suddenly, stroking her hair. "Tu eres mi luz en la oscuridad."	"This is the second time you've said that," Cassandra murmured. "What does it mean?"	"I love you." His voice was as rough as his hand on her cheek was gentle. "You are my light in the darkness.
Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits|Just as when we come into the world, when we die we are afraid of the unknown. But the fear is something from within us that has nothing to do with reality. Dying is like being born: just a change
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|I'm not sure, with a grandmother like mine, if you can ever become a true American in the sense of believing that life is about the pursuit of happiness.
Debasish Mridha|When I am searching for something, it is always waiting for me with open arms.
Tony Hendra, Father Joe: The Man Who Saved My Soul|It sounds to me, dear, as if your satirist is a bit like a monk. They both take a rather dim view of the world, and both try to do something abou
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|The quicker your forget unpleasant instances and forgive yourself or others for wrong deeds, the better are your chances of focusing on your aspirations and working towards them.
Mackenzie Davis|One of the problems with computers, particularly for the older people, is they were befuddled by them, and the computers have gotten better. They have gotten easier to use. They have gotten less expensive. The software interfaces have made things a lot more accessible.
Emily Dickinson|Bless God, he went as soldiers,His musket on his breast—Grant God, he charge the bravestOf all the martial blest!Please God, might I behold himIn epauletted white—I should not fear the foe then—I should not fear the fight!
John Gray, Perros de paja: Reflexiones sobre los humanos y otros animales|The Buddha promised release from something we all understand: suffering. By contrast, no one can say what was the original sin, and no one understands how the suffering of Christ can redeem it.
Brent Weeks, Shadow's Edge|The world we suggest is a new wild west. A sensuous evil world. Strange and haunting, the path of the sun…
James Hauenstein|Let's dare to do something so big that if God is not in it, we are doomed to fail.
Kate Evangelista, Unreap My Heart|I'm not Bonnie™ or Chloe. I'm the essence of her, the nontrademarked person the camera can never capture and my parents have no right to sign over. There is a sovereign nation encased in this skin that MetaReel can never trademark.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Poised Positioning•	Be mindful of how you use your body to communicate.•	Be fully present in the moment.•	Be thoughtful and gracious in your actions.•	Be fluid and elegant in your movements.•	Express flow—walk in freedom and spontaneity.•	Develop an unshakeable sense of authentic inner confidence and certainty.•	Develop a deep respect for others.•	Move slower and more deliberately.•	Walk in integrity, class, and modesty.•	Smile kindly and laugh softly.•	Become a student of manners and etiquette.
David Darson|You are incorrigible.” “I know.” She sighed happily. “All the shit we’ve been through—all the shit I’ve been through—and I can still make lascivious jokes with the best of them. That’s impressive, Merit. That’s character.
Alfred Tennyson|Matched with an aged wife, I mete and doleUnequal laws unto a savage race,That hoard, and sleep, and feed, and know not me.
Rebecca McNutt|It's going to happen soon, a nuclear war. Someday, somewhere, some jackass politician will get in over his head and push the button, and us? Society? We haven't really grasped the full reality of the situation. If a nuclear bomb were detonated, we'd all just be collateral damage. That's why it has to be prevented, because trust me when I say that nobody will be standing up for our rights or life when there's no one left to do so.
Bob Seger|People will ask, 'Are you famous?' And I always answer, 'My mother thinks so.'
Henry Melvill|If you don't stop fear, fear will stop you. Somebody's gotta stop. My advice? Don't let it be you. Whatever IT is. Do IT afraid
Mark Sisson, Primal Blueprint 21-Day Total Body Transformation: A Step-by-Step, Gene Reprogramming Action Plan|Regardless of your starting point, past failures or bad luck with familial genes, you can turn things around quickly – starting with your next mail and next workout. Your genes expect you to be lean, strong, energetic and healthy.
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|Psychopaths are odd and rare and unique by themself... if they were writers, I bet in one that they will be the best...
David Chalmers|I did my work slowly, drop by drop. I tore it out of me by pieces.
Sarah Kay|Some people read palms to tell your future, but I read hands to tell your past. Each scar makes a story worth telling. Each callused palm, each cracked knuckle is a missed punch or years in a factory.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Keep reading! Keep travelling! Keep thinking! And finally you will be there, in the Land of Wisdom where the mind has the power of an eagleâ€™s eye!
William James, The Will to Believe, Human Immortality and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy|Our faith is faith in some one else's faith, and in the greatest matters this is most the case. Our belief in truth itself, for instance, that there is a truth, and that our minds and it are made for each other,--what is it but a passionate affirmation of desire, in which our social system backs us up? We want to have a truth; we want to believe that our experiments and studies and discussions must put us in a continually better and better position towards it; and on this line we agree to fight out our thinking lives.
Ellen G. White|There’s very little that worrying can do to help our situations. Worrying is like running on a treadmill…it gives us an opportunity to sweat but gets us absolutely nowhere. Worrying skews our reality, suppresses the immune system, promotes coronary disease, and plagues us with digestive problems. It’s clear…when the soul is heavy the body feels the weight. Do yourself a favor. Lighten up. Take a deep breath, clear your mind and focus your energy on the things you can change rather than on the things you can’t. Worry is the enemy of optimism and personal progress. ~Jason Versey
Jami Brumfield, Lone Wolf Rising|If you're outmatched, out-numbered, out-skilled, you'll run and live to fight another day." Lucky stopped jogging and pulled her close to him. He gently forced her eyes to lock with his. "You need to understand there are plenty of predators in our world who are far more dangerous than you'll ever be. Those are the ones you need to fear and, in a way, respect." ~ Lucky from Lone Wolf Rising
Henry Johnson Jr|Everything is an echo of something I once read.Dream, hope, and celebrate life!Love always comes back in a song.One thing we all have in common is a love for food and drink.Memories never die, and dreams never end!What is time?
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|For glory lit, and life alive, for goals unreached and aims to strive. All men must try, the wind did see. It is the test, it is the dream.
Sean Kamali|For wicked people to do evil requires money, and good people superstition. Combining these elements and we get organized religion, but to achieve the worst of all evil conflate politics to the compound and the tragedies are endless.
Stephen Richards, Boost Your Self Esteem|Acknowledgement is possession. When you acknowledge, think or have conviction in something, it actually will come true.
David McCallum|My father suffered much and toiled painfully all his life, for he had no resources other than the proceeds of his trade from which to support himself and his wife and family.
Matthew Heines|I check every can of Barbasol I buy for dinosaur embryos. I haven't found any yet, as evidenced by the lack of T-Rex screams in my apartment.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|Liberalism itself has failed, and for a pretty good reason. It has been too often compromised by the people who represented it.
Ralph Nader|The Function of Leadership is to produce more Leaders, Not more Followers.
Rene Russo|About 50 percent of the songs on the radio are like, 'Live like tomorrow doesn't exist. Like it's my birthday. Like it's the last day of my life'... Such a large percentage of pop music is really about party time.
Zain Baloch|When in spotlight, you get attention of even those you don't know; When in darkness, you lose your own shadow too
Lenny Bruce|So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.
Alan Turing|When I was a kid, I have two dreams. I want to be a baseball player. Hometown, Hiroshima, has a Japanese baseball franchise team called Hiroshima Carps. You know, and then I want to be a sushi chef. I want to make own restaurant - sushi restaurant.
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|Training is an active, dynamic process lived out daily in all areas of life- not a rote exercise in memorizing verses and going to church every week.
Rodney Dangerfield|Well I don't know that I'm okay any more than anyone else is okay, I lead a happy life and a very full one - I have a happy marriage and my kids are all cheerful, and no one is finding fault with me, personally.
Anton Chekhov, The Three Sisters|There will come a time when everybody will know why, for what purpose, there is all this suffering, and there will be no more mysteries. But now we must live ... we must work, just work!
Abigail Adams|...remember the ladies, and be more generous and favorable to them than your ancestors. Do not put such unlimited power into the hands of the Husbands. Remember all Men would be tyrants if they could. If particular care and attention is not paid to the Ladies we are determined to foment a Rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any Laws in which we have no voice, or Representation.
Howard Gardner|The thinking man must oppose all cruel customs, no matter how deeply rooted in tradition and surrounded by a halo. When we have a choice, we must avoid bringing torment and injury into the life of another, even the lowliest creature; but to do so is to renounce our manhood and shoulder a guilt which nothing justifies.
Debasish Mridha|All wealth is the product of thoughts, labor, and love.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|I believe almost every author have gone through the terribly uncomfortable period between the time of shedding the seeds of a story and waiting to see it flourish as a published book, spending hours watering and fertilizing it. This is a dreadful period, frustrating and depressing.
Trina Paulus, Hope for the Flowers|It's like a lion at the door;And when the door begins to crack,It's like a stick across you back;And when your back begins to smart,It's like a penknife in your heart;And when your heart begins to bleed,You're dead, and dead, and dead, indeed.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|We shouldn't be doing this." Dan broke the silence, his voice low. "We would both get in trouble." He stood up. "Let's go back.""We shouldn't be doing what?" I scrambled to my feet. "What exactly are we doing?""This.""You mean consorting?""Sure, consorting. Cavorting. Carousing." He paused to take a deep breath."Kissing." Then he leaned in and pressed his mouth to mine.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I have a system with bathrooms. I spend a lot of time in them. They are sanctuaries, public places of peace spaced throughout the world for people like me.
Steve Carell|Well, I'm not a method actress by any stretch of the imagination so the best thing that I can do is be as real as possible and find whatever commonality in that character that I can see myself.
Robert South|If you ever get rich and famous, by definition you are special. You have done something special, and therefore you start to behave special. Then if the floor drops out, and you become down and out, you have a really new perspective.
Harmon Killebrew|"We trust  Sir  that God is on our side." "It is more important to know that we are on God's side."
Jenny  Lawson, Let's Pretend This Never Happened: A Mostly True Memoir|As we grow older, we forget how near to the ground we once were. I do not mean merely because our heads were lower down than they are now, though of course that comes into it; but near in the sense of kinship. A small child is aware of the sights and smells and textures of the ground with an acute awareness that we lose in growing up.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The main thing about ghosts – most of them have lost their voices. In Asphodel, millions of them wander around aimlessly, trying to remember who they were. You know why they end up like that? Because in life they never took a stand one way or another. They never spoke out, so they were never heard. Your voice is your identity. If you don’t use it,’ Nico said with a shrug, ‘you’re halfway to Asphodel already.’…He hated when his own advice applied to himself.
Koren Zailckas, Smashed: Story of a Drunken Girlhood|My first incident drinking alcohol occurred after a 2-month period in which I stole wine coolers and beers from my parents and hid them in different places around my room. I was 14 years old, in eighth grade. I invited a friend over one night after I had stolen enough. After 2 wine coolers the friend interrupted me, saying, "Hold on," and vomited into a trash can. I vomited a lot into the toilet. The next day, like a dumbass, I put the empty wine cooler and beer bottles in our outside garbage bin without trying to cover them. My dad caught me as a result, but hid it from my mom for unknown reasons.
LeBron James|My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.
David Almond, Skellig|I wish people were more like animals. Animals don't try to change you or make you fit in. They just enjoy the pleasure of your company. Animals aren't conditional about friendships. Animals like you just the way you are. They listen to your problems, they comfort you when you're sad, and all they ask in return is a little kindness.
Latika Teotia|It is not necessary that we will find the purpose of our lives by accumulating fancy degrees. We don’t have to search for it in formal places only; the realization can dawn on us even in the most unexciting place. In fact our ordinary, relatively dull and unexciting commonplace routine is the right place to reflect. It gives us plenty of time to take stock of our lives see what gives us peace and brings happiness. So based on the realization follow the path that gives you bliss.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|It was far better, he thought, just to get on with life yourself, to have your own adventures and make your own mistakes, without raising a banner over them that proclaimed: I'm this, or I'm that; of this party or of the other one.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Everyone should have a form of a diary it’s a great release Most people’s Diaries are called "My Diary" Mines called "Conversations with Me".
Adam Berlin, Both Members of the Club|That in the captain's but a choleric word,Which in the soldier is flat blasphemy.
Paddy Chayefsky, The Latent Heterosexual|No matter how beautiful women are, they’re always worried that they aren’t attractive enough. They need to be reassured. A few don’t, but even they appreciate the attention.
Rachel Bertsche|The decision to move to the second post-college city (or suburb, or town), however, is usually made independent of friends. No matter if you do it for love, career, family, or school, the second move is on your own terms.
Robert D. Kaplan|The debacle in Iraq has reinforced the realist dictum, disparaged by idealists in the 1990s, that the legacies of geography, history and culture really do set limits on what can be accomplished in any given place. But the experience in the Balkans reinforced an idealist dictum that is equally true: One should always work near the limits of what is possible rather than cynically give up on any place. In this decade idealists went too far; in the previous one, it was realists who did not go far enough.
James Luceno, Star Wars - Tarkin|If we aren't willing to do whatever is required," he said finally, "then we risk losing what we have been mandated to protect.
Kitty French, Knight & Play|Every gesture was one of disorder and violence, as if a lioness had come into the room.
Anna Kessel, Eat Sweat Play: How Sport Can Change Our Lives|The real problem here is a massive elephant in the room: our own culture. Our social values, our media - so influential on impressionable young girls - that have been allowed, for millenia, to send out this powerful, alienating message about girls and sport: that sport is unfeminine, that sport makes you sweaty and muscular, that sport is swearing and violence, that sport is ugliness in a world where women’s sole priority, value and focus should be beauty and becoming an object of desire.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|You don’t really have idea about any of that olden-days stuff, do you?” He’s sure he can feel her smiling against his shoulder. “Busted,” she says. “Ah, it’s some nice talk, though, Sol. You make it all sound real nice.” “That’s the beauty of it. Just dreaming thoughts on once-was things. Animals and helping people and one place you could always call hom
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Being "nowhere" is a step towards getting somewhere.Today, if you feel like you are nowhere, you are in a powerful position to choose the "somewhere" you want to go.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|Come on up, boys-I'm dead.
Robyn Davidson, Tracks: A Woman's Solo Trek Across 1700 Miles of Australian Outback|The question I'm most commonly asked is "Why?" A more pertinent question might be, why is it that more people don't attempt to escape the limitations imposed upon them? If Tracks has a message at all, it is that one can be awake to the demand for obedience that seems natural simply because it is familiar. Wherever there is pressure to conform (one person's conformity is often in the interests of another person's power), there is a requirement to resist. Of course I did not mean that people should drop what they were doing and head for the wilder places, certainly not that they should copy what I did. I meant that one can choose adventure in the most ordinary of circumstances. Adventure of the mind, or to use an old-fashioned word, the spirit.
Joyce Meyer|I'd like to say to all my fans out there, thanks for the support. And to all my doubters, thank you very much because you guys have also pushed me.
Jane Austen|Those who are coming from the gutters know that from time to time a piece of us will break off and float back to the floor from whence it came. Wealth can gray your eyes at the edges, money does not make you hover above human qualities, you are only a flawed being with much material gain.
Daphne du Maurier, Frenchman's Creek|In that instant of eye contact, in the mesmerizing depths of that sweet emotion, she felt bound to him in a way she’d never felt connected to another man. It was as if in that moment their hearts and minds, their very souls, were one.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|The strongest, toughest men all have compassion. They're not heartless and cold. You have to be man enough to have compassion - to care about people and about your children" (217) - John Singleton "Oh Man, I've Become My Father
Jon Bernthal|People that can hurt you, the ones that can really hurt you, are the ones that are close enough to do it. People that get inside you and tear you apart, and make you feel like you're never gonna recover. Shit. I'd chop my arm off right here, in this restaurant, just to feel that one more time for my wife. My old lady, she didn't just break my heart. She'd rip it out, she'd tear it apart, she'd step on that shit, feed it to a dog. She was ruthless. She brought the pain. But she'll never hurt me again. You see, I'll never feel that. You sit here and you're all confused about this thing, but you have it. You have everything. So hold on to it. Use two hands and never let go. You got it?- Jon Bernthal as The Punisher, Daredevil
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|In one opinion, the house in which you stay, the church you attend and the town in which you reside may not determine the size of your dreams, but they can influence the rate of maturity of what you have planted.
Thomas Fuller|It was on my fifth birthday that Papa put his hand on my shoulder and said, 'Remember, my son, if you ever need a helping hand, you'll find one at the end of your arm.'
― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale|Developing ALL staff to their fullest potential, on a daily basis, is the most powerful and humane approach, to building a high-performance organisation, that positively changes the world.
Forrest Curran|With the notion that we can open up our world by opening our minds, realize that home is the land that is least explored, and that adventure is a notion not determined by location, but is ultimately a state of mind.
Randall Arthur|It’s highly virtuous to say we’ll be good, but wecan’t do it all at once, and it takes a long pull, a strongpull, and a pull all together before some of us even get ourfeet set in the right way.
Genesis|Some say their world's will end in fire, some say in ice From what I've tasted with desire I hold with those yu favor fire. My world may not be ending although it does feel like it. I do know this, whatever doesnt kill you only makes you stronger.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|I tried desperately to put my thoughts into the forms of prayers, but I didn't know how. If God was real, I figured He was powerful enough to know what I wanted without me actually saying the right words.
Arians Karlovičs|The past is no good if you can't learn from it; therefore, no sense in dwelling on it.
Sunday Adelaja|If a person is saved, and still continues to live according to his former worldly way of life, he isnot only destroying himself and his salvation — he is also destroying his whole life.
Sara Brooke|Underground, in the dark wet hole that was home to the spiders and the rats, something moved. It had no right to be down there but it belonged nowhere else. Half drowned half alive it pushed the water ahead of it into the culverts and drains as it passed. Right under the city and out into the suburbs and fields these tunnels fed into the river and the network of canals that had fed the industrial revolution. A thousand eyes, some blinded, that had never seen the sun strained in the soiled darkness. It struggled on and it listened with a thousand ears not its own and it cried.
Jim George|Jesus came to serve, and He wants you to follow His example.
Rhiannon Held Silver|His hands are behind his back.'Choose,' he says.'I've already made my choice,' I say, and I grab the sleeve of his leather jacket and pull him inside.
Carmen DeSousa|A great book increases my heartbeat as if I’m prey, melts my insides in anticipation of a first kiss, immerses me in its depths.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Go on with your work as usual, for work is a blessed solace.
Cheech Marin|When it comes to cars, only two varieties of people are possible - cowards and fools.
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|In essence, individuals more concerned with portraying their own uniqueness were more likely to select an alcoholic beverage not yet ordered at their table in an effort to demonstrate that they were in fact one of a kind. What these results show is that people are sometimes willing to sacrifice the pleasure they get from a particular consumption experience in order to project a certain image to others. When people order food and drinks, they seem to have two goals: to order what they will enjoy most and to portray themselves in a positive light in the eyes of their friends.
G.K. Chesterton, Saint Thomas Aquinas|Typography fostered the modern idea of individuality, but it destroyed the medieval sense of community and integration
Hosea Ballou|I avoid talking before the youth of the age as I would dancing before them: for if one's tongue don't move in the steps of the day, and thinks to please by its old graces, it is only an object of ridicule.
Elena Lappin, What Language Do I Dream In?|History is the hidden map of who, where and how we are today.
Deyth Banger|If you cannot understand me in my speech, how can you understand me in my silence?
Heraclitus|We must eliminate all nuclear weapons in order to eliminate the grave risk they pose to our world. This will require persistent efforts by all countries and peoples. A nuclear war would affect everyone, and all have a stake in preventing this nightmare.
Shashi Tharoor|A philosopher is a lover of wisdom, not of knowledge, which for all its great uses ultimately suffers from the crippling effect of ephemerality. All knowledge is transient linked to the world around it and subject to change as the world changes, whereas wisdom, true wisdom is eternal immutable. To be philosophical one must love wisdom for its own sake, accept its permanent validity and yet its perpetual irrelevance. It is the fate of the wise to understand the process of history and yet never to shape it.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|If they had learned anything together, it was that wisdom comes to us when it can no longer do any good.
William Least Heat-Moon|When you're traveling, you are what you are, right there and then. People don't have your past to hold against you. No yesterdays on the road.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Humble yourself before the Lord and he will lift you high. People who are gentle, humble and able always have a great ending no matter how small and where obscured they have started!
Mark Twain|There's no way to rule innocent men. The only power any government has is the power to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals, one makes them. One declares so many things to be a crime that it becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I am not an angel,' I asserted; 'and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself. Mr. Rochester, you must neither expect nor exact anything celestial of me - for you will not get it, any more than I shall get it of you: which I do not at all anticipate.
Paul Greene, A Time of Change|Religion thrives on want and fear of the unknown, on lack of education. A frightened and confused human is fed by religious institutions with the illusion that the solution to his real problems is to appeal to the good will of an imaginary supernatural divinity religious institutions claim to represent. With one hand they offer a cup of rice and a pair of used shoes someone else has paid for. With the other, they place the Bible on the table, setting up the poor in spirit for the belief trap.
K.A. Last|Ta-da!" The man whipped open his coat.Shit! He wasn't wearing any clothes at all. She grimaced. Just her luck to go vampire hunting and find a flasher.
Italo Calvino, The Complete Cosmicomics|If one starts to draw comparisons between what is and what is not, it is the poorer qualities of the former that strike you, the impurities, the flaws; in short, you can only really feel safe with nothingness.
Şeyla Benhabib|All struggles against oppression in the modern woeld begin by redefining what had previously been consideered private, non-public and non-political issues as matters of public concern, as issues of justice, as sites of power.
Abraham Verghese|If I say I am not a politician, it is because I did not go to school to do political science. But at the end of the day, I think we are all born politicians. It's practical. All you gotta do is practice.
Kim Yannayon|I've learned it does not do well to dwell on the past. You cannot change it. you can revisit it, you can remember it, but it simply will not change!
Henry Ward Beecher|A constant struggle, a ceaseless battle to bring success from inhospitable surroundings, is the price of all great achievements.
Charles Dudley Warner|I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own.
Patrick Lencioni|You stand with the least likely to succeed until success is succeeded by something more valuable: kinship. You stand with the belligerent, the surly and the badly behaved until bad behavior is recognized for the language it is: the vocabulary of the deeply wounded and of those whose burdens are more than they can bear.
Gerald Edelman|Teo had once claimed that human history began with a storm: the interval between lightning and thunder, between flash and rumble felt in the body's core, was primitive man's first experiences of time -- the awakening of consciousness, the birth of the gods.
Fadi Hattendorf|Love is like life with or without justice, with or without fairness.
Martin Gayford, A Bigger Message: Conversations with David Hockney|Only after seeing the winter, do you comprehend the richness of summer. This was a big theme, and one I could confidently do: the infinite variety of nature.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|...a book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements, clumsy hands. If for a hundred and a hundred years everyone had been able freely to handle our codices, the majority of them would no longer exist. So the librarian protects them not only against mankind but also against nature, and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion, the enemy of truth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A lion will never be afraid of sheep, no matter how many outnumber it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Thou shalt not unfollow someone, merely because they stopped following you.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|I'm fairly convinced that the Kingdom of God is for the broken-hearted. You write of 'powerlessness.' Join the club, we are not in control. God is.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|Welcome to freakdom, Dave. It’ll be time to start a Web site soon, where you’ll type out everything in one huge paragraph.
A.J. Beirens|The Bolsheviks killed their own most loyal supporters at Kronstadt in 1921, because they failed to understand that the revolution no longer required revolutionaries, but obedient servants.
Stephen King, The Shining|Though I walk through the valley of death I will fear no evil, for I am the evilest motherfucker in the valley
Tracy Letts, August: Osage County|My last refuge, my books: simple pleasures, like finding wild onions by the side of a road, or requited love.
Lynne Cockrum-Murphy, Living Hope: Steps to Leaving Suffering Behind|Yes, yes, yes we say,without a thought for the day.Running and fretting to make ends meetrushing from Susie to Joe and to Pete.Our lives, in upheaval, have turned to a tizzy,never completing, because we're too busy.All we must do for a tranquil soulis employ a word, just one, called NO.
Stephen King, It|The exhilaration was hard to explain. It was a lonely feeling — a somehow melancholy feeling. He was outside; he passed on the wings of the wind, and none of the people beyond the brightly lighted squares of their windows saw him. They were inside, inside where there was light and warmth. They didn't know he had passed them; only he knew. It was a secret thing.
Tania James, Atlas of Unknowns|Dignity is a bridge.It needs two sides that, being different, distinct and distant become one in the bridgewithout ceasing to be different and distinct, but ceasing already to be distant.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I hated labels anyway. People didn't fit in slots--prostitute, housewife, saint--like sorting the mail. We were so mutable, fluid with fear and desire, ideals and angles, changeable as water.
Sally Lloyd-Jones, The Jesus Storybook Bible: Every Story Whispers His Name|Jesus told them, "God is like the dad who couldn't stop loving his boy, And people are like the son who said, "Does my dad really want me to be happy?" Jesus told people this story to show them what God is like. And to show people what they are like. So they could know, however far they ran, however well they hid, however lost they were- it wouldn't matter. Because God's children could never run to far, or be too lost, for God to find them.
Jinzo Sloatch|Without sense of purpose and clear direction of your life, you will only be building a fake brand of you
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|Experience is a supreme teacher, but experience is not something that can be taught. It has to be learned through choice and consequence.
Sara Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Weren't you the guy who said he'd settle for one woman when hell froze over?""I did say that, didn't I?""Yeah, a bunch of times," Gavin's smile faded.
Courtney Giardina, Behind the Strings|I thank God every day for bringing you into my life. I know I don't deserve you, but I'm a better man because of you.
Kristen Hope Mazzola, Hat Trick|Sweetheart, I have no intention of denying you a thing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Esteem intelligence, cherish knowledge, and value understanding, but trust wisdom.
James E. Brown Jr.|Worrying about things you cannot control is folly. Focus only on those few things you have any control over, and your life becomes much simpler.
Alice Foote MacDougall|A strong passion for any object will ensure success, for the desire of the end will point out the means.
Jennifer Elisabeth|I met a boy whose eyes showed me that the past, present and future were all the same thing.
Euripides|The virtue of a man ought to be measured not by his extraordinary exertions, but by his every-day conduct.
Samuel E. Morison|Our enemies are Medes and Persians, men who for centuries have lived soft and luxurious lives; we of Macedon for generations past have been trained in the hard school of danger and war. Above all, we are free men, and they are slaves.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|I know now that we never get over great losses; we absorb them, and they carve us into different, often kinder, creatures.
Anne M. Nordhaus-Bike, Follow the Sun: A Simple Way to Use Astrology for Living in Harmony|In order to spend out our time (life) we sell some of this time. We work for someone, we labour. In freedom we do slavery.
Anthony T. Hincks|Man's only hope lies in "final redemption from the misery of volition and existence into the painlessness of non-being and non-willing." No mortal may quit the task of life, but each must do his part to hasten the time when in the major portion of the human race the activity of the unconscious shall be ruled by intelligence, and this stage reached, in the simultaneous action of many persons volition will resolve upon its own non-continuance, and thus idea and will be once more reunited in the Absolute.
M.F. Moonzajer, The Journalist: Attack on the Central Intelligence Agency|If I could find someone who would love me to the extent I do, I would love her to the extent she could never love me.
Gustave Le Bon, The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind|In the case of everything that belongs to the realm of sentiment, religion, politics, morality, the affections, and antipathies, etc. The most eminent men seldom surpass the standard of the most ordinary individuals.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|The world would have us fill every space and occupy every corner of the mind. Yoga asks us to become empty; to come to the practice in openness and to allow the practice to remove our notions of good and bad,rich andpoor, health and disease; to sit and simply witness without shame, without guilt, and without judgment. Yoga allows us to let go of everything and hold on to nothing. It allows us to let go of our preconceptions about who or what God is, what it means to live a spiritual life, and how to achieve enlightenment.Whether slowly or in an instant, yoga empties us. What remains is a silence that surpasses understanding,is beyond words, and gives us the eyes to witness the suffering of the world, the ears to hear the world calling out forcompassion, and the heart to answer that call.
R.C. Sproul, Surprised by Suffering|There are times when we suffer innocently at other people’s hands. When that occurs, we are victims of injustice. But that injustice happens on a horizontal plane. No one ever suffers injustice on the vertical plane. That is, no one ever suffers unjustly in terms of his or her relationship with God. As long as we bear the guilt of sin, we cannot protest that God is unjust in allowing us to suffer.
Pippa DaCosta, Darkest Before Dawn|She was a goddess personified, her breasts so soft and round he could've buried his head between them, suffocated, and died a happy man.
Adina Rishe Gewirtz, Zebra Forest|After the woman left, Gran, staring out back at the Zebra Forest, said to me, 'I'm a liar, I'll admit. But I pride myself on being a really good liar. That's part of my educational philosophy, too, Annie B. Mark that down. Lesson one: If you're going to do something, make sure to do it with excellence.
Albert Camus|the skies frighten you when they fill up with dragons,but you know they’re being chased by dreams!
Debasish Mridha|Don't fear failure, fear inaction.
Ban Ki-moon|I hope I'm not a tourist attraction - I'm sure that they come here really because St. Andrews is just amazing, a beautiful place.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|By seizing every opportunity for kindness, forgiveness, healing, and love that crosses my path each day, I hope that my death, although perhaps sad for some, will be gracefully concluded.
Edward Everett Hale|If I could time travel into the future, my first port of call would be the point where medical technology is at its best because, like most people on this planet, I have this aversion to dying.
Maggi Myers, The Final Piece|Life IS the gift you were given,So stop waiting around for your dues.Use it wisely and you’ll gift yourself abundantly.
Saaif Alam|When you plan something that is unpragmatic, it proves that you do not have a lot of knowledge about your topic that you are mentioning to others.
David Graeber, The Democracy Project: A History, a Crisis, a Movement|So how do the people resist unjust authority, which, we all agree, they must and should do and have done in the past? The best solution anyone has come up with is to say that violent revolutions can be avoided (and therefore, violent mobs legitimately suppressed) if 'the people' are understood to have the right to challenge the laws through nonviolent civil disobedience.
Tim Burton|The bulk of my fans are my age, and I'm aging at the same rate they are. That makes me relevant. They like hearing what I have to say. I work hard at it, but it's addicting, really.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Since your life evaporates quickly, it is wisdom to learn how to number your days. Not just to number your days but to make each passing day productive.
Frederick Henry Hedge|I found, when I left, that there were others who felt the same way. We'd meet, they'd come and seek me out, we'd talk about the future. And I found that their depression and pessimism was every bit as acute as mine.
Kelley Armstrong, Rituals|You know that feeling you get, when the sky has turned green, air raid sirens are blowing, the theme to the "Wizard of Oz" wafts softly through the air, your neighbor has just blown by backwards on her bicycle, and an ominous funnel cloud is hovering on the horizon?Yeah, that feeling. the one that says that says "A picnic! That's what I need to do right about now! What could possible go wrong?
Reiko Chiba, Hiroshige's Tokaido in Prints and Poetry|An ElegyA thousand times must we deploreThe lost will never come to life again;Even as flowing water runs away,Returning nevermore.Lady Kanin
Life Advancer|If it doesn't open, it's not your door
U.S. Congress|Treaty with Tripoli, Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion;
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|Katsa and Po were trying to drown each other and, judging from their hoots of laughter, enjoying it immensely.
George Takei|I think Donald Trump's interpretation of marriage is something that he himself doesn't really believe in. 'Traditional marriage' is where two people love each other, commit to each other, care for each other over the years. It is a meaningful ceremony, and his interpretation of that is not recognizing what real marriage is.
Henry Ford|Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Ask God to reveal hypocrisy in your life—an inconsistency between what you profess and what you practice. Then ask God to bring you so close to Christ that you won’t have any desire to live an inconsistent, deceitful life.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|Everybody deserves love, but nobody is entitled to it.
Tim Cahill|A lot of us first aspired to far-ranging travel and exotic adventure early in our teens; these ambitions are, in fact, adolescent in nature, which I find an inspiring idea...Thus, when we allow ourselves to imagine as we once did, we know, with a sudden jarring clarity, that if we don't go right now, we're never going to do it. And we'll be haunted by our unrealized dreams and know that we have sinned against ourselves gravely.
Elizabeth Scott, Love You Hate You Miss You|The thing is, that world doesn't exist. All growing up means is that your realize no one will come along to fix things. No one will come along to save you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Live each day to the fullness, live the life that you imagine.
Dana Carvey|Accidents happen, whether they're car accidents, friendly fire, drug overdoses. Accidents happen, and they're tragic. It's like a bomb that goes off and pieces of shrapnel rip into the flesh of the family. It's the families that need the compassion, because everywhere they walk, every day, someone reminds them of their loss.
Thomas Hobbes|Everything, however complicated - breaking waves, migrating birds, and tropical forests - is made of atoms and obeys the equations of quantum physics. But even if those equations could be solved, they wouldn't offer the enlightenment that scientists seek. Each science has its own autonomous concepts and laws.
Dana Arcuri, Harvest of Hope: Living Victoriously Through Adversity: A 50-Day Devotional|How far you go in life depends onyour being tender with the young,compassionate with the aged,sympathetic with the striving andtolerant of the weak and strong.Because someday in your life you will have been all of these.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|I love books, by the way, way more than movies. Movies tell you what to think. A good book lets you choose a few thoughts for yourself. Movies show you the pink house. A good book tells you there's a pink house and lets you paint some of the finishing touches, maybe choose the roof style,park your own car out front. My imagination has always topped anything a movie could come up with. Case in point, those darned Harry Potter movies. That was so not what that part-Veela-chick, Fleur Delacour, looked like.
Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman|What sort of world might it have been if Eve had refused the Serpents offer and had said to him instead, "Let me not be like God. Let me be what I was made to be -- let me be a woman?
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry and Photo-Quotes|You don't have to part the waters or move the mountain for me; just help me get across them, Lord, for I can do all things through Thee.
Meghan Daum|There's more than one way to be a person. Actually, there are more than two or three ways. You'd think that was obvious, but I find that often it is not. The world is essentially a collection of teams. Life is a process of deciding which ones we're going to join.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Everything is talking to you. If you have a listening heart, you will be able to hear it.
Joanna Lyndstrom, Beachfront Escapes|But it was so much more. In that white blouse you wore, you looked like Grace Kelly, sharing a joke with a schnauzer, then you smiled at me and i was included, the three of us alone together. I thought, there's a woman I could die for.
Harrison Ford|To be admitted to Nature's hearth costs nothing. None is excluded, but excludes himself. You have only to push aside the curtain.
Stan Slap|Emotional commitment means unchecked, unvarnished devotion to the company and its success; any legendary organizational performance is the result of emotionally committed managers.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|Someone experiencing the stages of grief is rarely aware of how his behavior might appear to others. Grief often produces a “zoom lens effect,” in which the focus is entirely on oneself, to the exclusion of external considerations.
Lindy Zart, Ordinary|Why are you in my room?”“Because I can be.”“You shouldn’t be.”“Save it, Rochester. You broke my nose.”“Does it hurt?”He lifted a hand toward his face and dropped it. “You could say that.”“Good.”He nudged a tray on the floor with his boot. It had oatmeal, toast, and orange juice on it. “Hungry?”Honor’s stomach growled. “No.”Ryder’s lips turned up in a fleeting sadistic smile. He kicked the tray across the room. It hit the wall and overturned. “Good.
Will Rogers|To live is like to love - all reason is against it, and all healthy instinct for it.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
Thomas Pynchon, V.|I do not mean to mock or ridicule your life's work, for in one way at least it mimics my own: We have dedicated our lives to the pursuit of phantoms. The difference is the nature of those phantoms. Mine exist between other men's ears; yours live solely between your own.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|They themselves do not see the world of light as we do, but our shapes cast shadows in their minds, which only the noon sun destroys.
Kami Garcia; Margaret Stohl, Beautiful Creatures|The weather had changed, all right. Gatlin had never seen a storm like this. And she probably didn't even know it was raining.
Jack Womack, Let's Put the Future Behind Us|As is often the case, the sole person not left speechless in awe by my brilliance is my own beloved wife.
Debra Moffitt, Garden of Bliss: Cultivating the Inner Landscape for Self-Discovery|Lao Tze's vision is compatible with the Positive Paradigm of Change. In fact, placing the language of his passages into the levels of the Wheel serves to clarify his vision. The model is therefore shown here, along with its application to the subtitle: Common Sense. The right-brain compliment to the left-brain words of Passage One is also supplied below as a hint of what's possible.Einstein's warning, the basis of Rethinking Survival, could well have been spoken by a Chinese sage: 'Our task must be to free ourselves from the prison [of separatist thinking] by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty. . . We shall require a substantially new manner of thinking if mankind is to survive." Prominent themes which link Einstein with the Chinese yoga tradition include not only Compassion but also Unity and Survival. In addition, anticipating the Positive Paradigm, Lao Tze repeated alludes to a timeless center at life's hub encompassed by the surface rim of fluctuating events. 1. The Eternal is beyond words, undefinable and illusive, all-pervading yet mysterious.The timeless,  though ungraspable, is the unfailing source of all experience.To transcend mortality, and attain sublime peace, turn inward, releasing desire and ambition.To manifest inner vision, accomplishing every goal in time, extend outward with passionate conviction.Unmanifest and manifest are two sides of a coin, seamlessly joined, though apparently opposite.Entering this paradox is the beginning of magic.
Judith Martin|The love, support, and respect the members of the theater community have for one another is unparalleled. Say what you want about us wacky drama-types, but one thing that makes our business special is our loyalty, our fierce commitment to one another, and our mutual respect.
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|Sometimes I wanted to take a memory - one perfect memory - curl up in it, and go to sleep.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|That’s when I realized that certain moments go on forever. Even after they’re over they still go on, even after you're dead and buried, those moments are lasting still, backward and forward, on into infinity. They are everything and everywhere all at once.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Usurper: And Other Stories|...A legendary leader distinguishes himself as someone who gets ahead of his people from an impasse and futile general consensus, and then finds new grounds that constitute the base from which a unique course of his people’s destiny is charted...
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|10 ways to raise a wild child. Not everyone wants to raise wild, free thinking children. But for those of you who do, here's my tips: 1. Create safe space for them to be outside for a least an hour a day. Preferable barefoot & muddy. 2. Provide them with toys made of natural materials. Silks, wood, wool, etc...Toys that encourage them to use their imagination. If you're looking for ideas, Google: 'Waldorf Toys'. Avoid noisy plastic toys. Yea, maybe they'll learn their alphabet from the talking toys, but at the expense of their own unique thoughts. Plastic toys that talk and iPads in cribs should be illegal. Seriously! 3. Limit screen time. If you think you can manage video game time and your kids will be the rare ones that don't get addicted, then go for it. I'm not that good so we just avoid them completely. There's no cable in our house and no video games. The result is that my kids like being outside cause it's boring inside...hah! Best plan ever! No kid is going to remember that great day of video games or TV. Send them outside! 4. Feed them foods that support life. Fluoride free water, GMO free organic foods, snacks free of harsh preservatives and refined sugars. Good oils that support healthy brain development. Eat to live! 5. Don't helicopter parent. Stay connected and tuned into their needs and safety, but don't hover. Kids like adults need space to roam and explore without the constant voice of an adult telling them what to do. Give them freedom! 6. Read to them. Kids don't do what they are told, they do what they see. If you're on your phone all the time, they will likely be doing the same thing some day. If you're reading, writing and creating your art (painting, cooking...whatever your art is) they will likely want to join you. It's like Emilie Buchwald said, "Children become readers in the laps of their parents (or guardians)." - it's so true! 7. Let them speak their truth. Don't assume that because they are young that you know more than them. They were born into a different time than you. Give them room to respectfully speak their mind and not feel like you're going to attack them. You'll be surprised what you might learn. 8. Freedom to learn. I realize that not everyone can homeschool, but damn, if you can, do it! Our current schools system is far from the best ever. Our kids deserve better. We simply can't expect our children to all learn the same things in the same way. Not every kid is the same. The current system does not support the unique gifts of our children. How can they with so many kids in one classroom. It's no fault of the teachers, they are doing the best they can. Too many kids and not enough parent involvement. If you send your kids to school and expect they are getting all they need, you are sadly mistaken. Don't let the public school system raise your kids, it's not their job, it's yours! 9. Skip the fear based parenting tactics. It may work short term. But the long term results will be devastating to the child's ability to be open and truthful with you. Children need guidance, but scaring them into listening is just lazy. Find new ways to get through to your kids. Be creative! 10. There's no perfect way to be a parent, but there's a million ways to be a good one. Just because every other parent is doing it, doesn't mean it's right for you and your child. Don't let other people's opinions and judgments influence how you're going to treat your kid. Be brave enough to question everything until you find what works for you. Don't be lazy! Fight your urge to be passive about the things that matter. Don't give up on your kid. This is the most important work you'll ever do. Give it everything you have.
Gary Patton|God stipulates in the Bible that Jesus Followers are to love and serve everyone regardless of their faith or lack of it. But, this does not require us to honour and respect their Biblically-heinous cultural practises like multiculturalism does!
Mary Oliver|When it's over, I want to say: all my lifeI was a bride married to amazement.I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms. When it is over, I don't want to wonderif I have made of my life something particular, and real.I don't want to find myself sighing and frightened,or full of argument. I don't want to end up simply having visited this world.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|We die a little every day and by degrees we’re reborn into different men, older men in the same clothes, with the same scars.
Christina Baker Kline, Orphan Train|Disappointment forever lurked just beyond the edges of her joy, ready to spring like a ravenous cougar.
Gena Showalter, Heart of the Dragon|She stopped at the desk and held up a can for his view. "This looks like an ordinary hairspray can, right?""Of course." he said though he had no idea what hairspray was.
Dolores Derrian, Polyamory and BDSM: Discovering Love, Sex, Vulnerability and Radical Honesty|Life is about having the courage, or finding it along the way, to become a fuller person so that you can enjoy it more and feel more alive by pursuing interests that might be out of the ordinary. It is about finding joy in connecting with others, even when those connections involve the risk of getting hurt.It is about being fueled by curiosity, not by fear.
Leo Szilard|Reason is flawless, de jure, but reasoners are not, de facto.
G.S. Jennsen, Transcendence: Aurora Rising Book Three|Adventure, opportunity and reward extend beyond our field of vision, and are made known to us only when we test our wings.
Pablo Escobar|I can replace things, but I could never replace my wife and kids.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Hold out baits to entice the enemy. Feign disorder, and crush him.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|Your lips, beloved, are like a honeycomb: honey and milk are under the tongue. And the smell of your clothes is like the smell of my home.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|No body told you to call your band Salacious Mold, my friend.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|Problem with Man isn't just his ignorance, not just his iniquities, not just his rebellious nature, not just his pride; above all, his problem is his unwillingness to come out of it
George Harrison|If everyone who had a gun just shot themselves, there wouldn't be a problem.
John R.W. Stott, Basic Christianity|He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain, which cannot forget, falls drop by drop upon the heart, until in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful graces of God.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The intelligence suffers today automatically in consequence of the attack on all authority, advantage, or privilege. These things are not done away with, it is needless to say, but numerous scapegoats are made of the less politically powerful, to satisfy the egalitarian rage awakened.
Margaret Sanger|Because I believe that deep down in woman's nature lies slumbering the spirit of revolt.Because I believe that woman is enslaved by the world machine, by sex conventions, by motherhood and its present necessary child-rearing, by wage-slavery, by middle-class morality, by customs, laws and superstitions.Because I believe that woman's freedom depends upon awakening that spirit of revolt within her against these things which enslave her.Because I believe that these things which enslave woman must be fought openly, fearlessly, consciously.
Alvar Aalto|The ultimate goal of the architect...is to create a paradise. Every house, every product of architecture... should be a fruit of our endeavour to build an earthly paradise for people.
Mark W. Boyer|Our lives are a novel being written. We are its author. Every action we encounter and every person we meet has a role and a place in our ultimate story. It is in our control to decide the level of how, who and what impacts us and how large a role we decide to assign each.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, Thy Word, gives me hope.
Carol Moreira, Membrane|By definition, you can’t experience your own death. Death is the end of consciousness. And consciousness persists. In the language of physics, consciousness is conserved.I am the one who wakes up in the morning.Always.Every morning.I don’t die.I just become increasingly unlikely.
Barack Obama|Those who learned to know death, rather than to fear and fight it, become our teachers about life.
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|The clandestine operation tucked several floors below ground level inside a Los Angeles high-rise had never before made her queasy. Today the copper walls, marble flooring, refrigerated temperature and minimal furnishings took discomfort to a new level. She'd swear Alien was about to burst from her belly.
David Suchet|I think faith is vitally important to your day, your seconds in each day. Faith helps to get you through the day.
Toni Morrison, Sula|Like any artist without an art form, she became dangerous.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|Sometimes I wonder if we shall ever grow up in our politics and say definite things which mean something, or whether we shall always go on using generalities to which everyone can subscribe, and which mean very little.
Wayne Pacelle, The Bond: Our Kinship with Animals, Our Call to Defend Them|In our day, there are stresses and fractures of the human-animal bond, and some forces at work would sever it once and for all. They pull us in the wrong direction and away from the decent and honorable code that makes us care for creatures who are entirely at our mercy. Especially within the last two hundred years, we've come to apply an industrial mind-set to the use of animals, too often viewing them as if they were nothing but articles of commerce and the raw material of science, agriculture, and wildlife management. Here, as in other pursuits, human ingenuity has a way of outrunning human conscience, and some things we do only because we can--forgetting to ask whether we should.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|Achievement of any kind is the crown of effort,the diadem of thought.By the aid of self-control, resolution, purity, righteousness, and well-directed thought a man ascends.By the aid of animality,indolence,impurity,corruption,and confusion of thought a man descends.
Book of Eli Movie|Eli: I walk by faith, not by sight.
Jonathan Gash, The Rich and the Profane|Woods are grim places. Farmers shoot squirrels, crows, magpies, and hang them up on trees to warn Mother Nature to get it together or else. Much notice she takes, being in league with God. They're a right pair, more carnage than the rest of us put together.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|President Obama's reckless defense cuts that are hanging over our cloud, hanging over the horizon could put almost 44,000 jobs at stake right here in Pennsylvania. we are not going to let that happen. You know why? Because No. 1, national defense is the first priority of the federal government.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|As a serf, poor Christian has already been killed several times in our class. Aside from dying of the Black Plague on the first day, he’s starved to death, had his hands cut off for stealing a loaf of bread, and been run down by his master’s horse just for kicks. He’s like Christian the fifth now.
N.D. Wilson, Dandelion Fire|Sometimes standing against evil is more important than defeating it. The greatest heroes stand because it is right to do so, not because they believe they will walk away with their lives. Such selfless courage is a victory in itself.
Joseph Addison|One may deal with things without love...but you cannot deal with men without it...It cannot be otherwise, because natural love is the fundamental law of human life.
Reza Aslan, No god but God: The Origins, Evolution and Future of Islam|All these schools of though gradually transformed into legal institutions, the diversity of ideas and freedom of opinion that characterized their early development gave way to rigid formalism, strict adherence to precedent, and an almost complete stultification of independent though
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|We need days of failure because they help humble us, and through them we can see how God's grace is poured out on the humble.
Stephen Graham Jones, Ledfeather|. . . what I told Malory happened next is that when he looked over at her then it was like he'd been waiting a hundred years to see her, and this crazy ass Ledfeather girl all the way from Standing Rock, she looked off after the elk and then back at Doby through her hair, like she'd maybe been waiting for him too, but was scared a little, wanted to be sure, so Doby opened his mouth and said her name across the backseat of Junior's cab, Claire, like a flower opening in his mouth, and she held her lips together and nodded thank you to him, yes, thank you, and then swallowed what was in her throat and just let the sides of their hands touch together again some like it didn't really matter.But it did.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn’t be here if stars hadn’t exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution and for life - weren’t created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way for them to get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.
William Paul Young, The Shack|I have moments that aren't too bad, but there's always something I'm struggling with, or feeling guilty about. I just figured I needed to try harder, but I find it difficult to sustain that motivation.
Lauren F. Winner, Mudhouse Sabbath|In the words of Jewish liturgical scholar Lawrence Hoffman, 'Jews do offer freely composed prayers... But overall, it is the fixed order and content of Jewish prayer that gives it its distinctiveness and that demands the personal commitment to prayer as a discipline.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|The geometer offers to the physicist a whole set of maps from which to choose. One map, perhaps, will fit the facts better than others, and then the geometry which provides that particular map will be the geometry most important for applied mathematics.
Jim Rohn|Ignoranceis not bliss. Ignorance is tragedy. Ignorance isdevastation. Ignorance creates lack. Ignorancecreates disease. Ignorance will shorten your life.Ignorance will empty your life and leave you withthe husks, nothing to account for. No, ignorance isnot bliss.Here’s another note to make: What you don’t knowwill hurt you. What you don’t know will tragicallyaffect your life. What you don’t know will leaveyour life empty. What you don’t know will leaveyou without a relationship. We’re all affected byknowledge, whether we know or whether we don’tknow. That’s why you’ve got to read the books.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Whatever feelings you think you would have if your financial goals were met, feel them now!
Octavio Paz, The Labyrinth of Solitude and Other Writings|When a society decays, it is language that is first to become gangrenous. As a result, social criticism begins with grammar and the re-establishing of meanings
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|I don't regret anything I've ever done in life, any choice that I've made. But I'm consumed with regret for the things I didn't do, the choices I didn't make, the things I didn't say. We spend so much time being afraid of failure, afraid of rejection. But regret is the thing we should fear most. Failure is an answer. Rejection is an answer. Regret is an eternal question you will never have to answer to. "What if..." "If only...""I wonder what would have..." You will never, never know, and it will haunt you for the rest of your days.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|A leader is responsible for those under his authority. That is the first rule of command. He is responsible for their safety, their provisions, their knowledge, and, ultimately, their lives.Those whom he commands are in turn responsible for their behavior and their dedication to duty. Any who violates his trust must be disciplined for the good of others.But such discipline is not always easy or straightforward. There are many factors, some of them beyond the commander's control. Sometimes those complications involve personal relationships. Other times it isn't the circumstances themselves that are difficult. There can also be politics and outside intervention.Faliure to act always brings consequences. But sometimes, those consequences can be turned to one's advantage.
Vijender Singh|I had a 2-week courtship with a fellow student in the fiction workshop in Iowa and a 5-minute wedding in a lawyer's office above the coffee shop where we'd been having lunch that day. And so I sent a cable to my father saying, 'By the time you get this, Daddy, I'll already be Mrs. Blaise!'
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Stop over-thinking, put more energy on what you really want to do.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|Can I try something?" I said. "If you dont' like it, I'll stop.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|A woman calls from Seaview to say her linen closet is missing. Last September, her house had six bedrooms, two linen closets. She's sure of it. Now she's only got one. She comes to open her beach house for the summer. She drives out from the city with the kids and the nanny and the dog, and here they are with all heir luggage, and their towels are gone. Disappeared. Poof. Bermuda triangulated.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|Well, we have to do something. There are all sorts of rumours about soldiers coming up.""These people are full of rumours. They love rumours." Paterson stood watching the bridge. "Their whole life is a rumour.
Dylan Thomas McCall|Life has a way of kicking one along like a football, or so I've found. Fate had never dealt me personally a particularly easy time, but that was OK, that was normal. Most people, it seemed to me, took their turn to be football. Most survived. Some didn't.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|But Dobby shouted, "You shall not harm Harry Potter! ... He got up, face livid, and pulled out his wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger. "You shall go now," he said fiercely, pointing down at Mr. Malfoy. "You shall not touch Harry Potter. You shall go now.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Sometimes I have a good idea, something I wish I could remember, and instead of writing it down, commit it to my memory only to disappear when I needed it. Write your ideas as they come, if you wait it will be too long and you may not recover it. It may get destroyed as it is to seed to and fro in the ever rushing river of our thoughts
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|How should we be able to forget those ancient myths that are at the beginning of all peoples, the myths about dragons that at the last moment turn into princesses; perhaps all the dragons of our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us once beautiful and brave. Perhaps everything terrible is in its deepest being something helpless that wants help from us.So you must not be frightened if a sadness rises up before you larger than any you have ever seen; if a restiveness, like light and cloudshadows, passes over your hands and over all you do. You must think that something is happening with you, that life has not forgotten you, that it holds you in its hand; it will not let you fall. Why do you want to shut out of your life any uneasiness, any miseries, or any depressions? For after all, you do not know what work these conditions are doing inside you.
Allen Eskens, The Life We Bury|It wasn't a good fake smile. You could always tell when she was faking, because she didn't look friendly; she looked like she was going to throw up.
Brenda Hiatt, Starbound|The world is a clock winding down.I hear it in the wind’s icy fingers scratching against the window. I smell it in the mildewed carpeting and the rotting wallpaper of the old hotel. And I feel it in Teacup’s chest as she sleeps. The hammering of her heart, the rhythm of her breath, warm in the freezing air, the clock winding down.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|You have your world to rebuild, and I have mine.
Rick Santorum|Leadership is, among other things, the ability to inflict pain and get away with it - short-term pain for long-term gain.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|...that whole day, being with Willem, being Lulu, it made me realize that all my life I've been living in a small, square room, with no windows and no doors. And I was fine. I was happy, even. I thought. Then someone came along and showed me there was a door in the room. One that I'd never even seen before. Then he opened it for me. Held my hand as I walked through it. And for one perfect day, I was on the other side. I was somewhere else. Someone else. And then he was gone, and I was thrown back into my little room. And now, no matter what I do, I can't seem to find that door.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|Because it is a systematic negation of the other person and a furious determination to deny the other person all attributes of humanity, colonialism forces the people it dominates to ask themselves the question constantly: "In reality, who am I?" The defensive attitudes created by this violent bringing together of the colonised man and the colonial system form themselves into a structures which then reveals the colonised personality. This 'sensitivity' is easily understood if we simply study and are alive to the number and depth of the injuries inflicted upon a native during a single day spent amidst the colonial regime. It must in any case be remembered that a colonised people is not only simply a dominated people. Under the German occupation the French remained men; under the French occupation, the Germans remained men. In Algeria there is not simply the domination but the decision to the letter not to occupy anything more than the sum total of the land.
Maryse Holder, Give Sorrow Words: Maryse Holder's Letters From Mexico|All I want is some man to take delight in me. 5:30? 6:30 A.M. as usual, no cigs. Better a maudlin drunk than a sterile one. My pimples are more like small boils; I have the plague. My lip is split. My tits are swollen and I can't ever sleep. I now breathe with my heart, which skips rope. Back to sex?
Aislinn Kerry, Blood and Roses|The shirt says; 'I bite.' You prick, not 'I blo
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Methods of Lady Walderhurst|He sat down in his chair by the fire and began to chat, as was his habit before he and his wife parted to dress for dinner. When he was out during the day he often looked forward to these chats, and made notes of things he would like to tell his Mary. During her day, which was given to feminine duties and pleasures, she frequently did the same thing. Between seven and eight in the evening they had delightful conversational opportunities. He picked up her book and glanced it over, he asked her a few questions and answered a few...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With adequate planning, passion and perseverance, you can achieve the God-given goals.
Suyog Ketkar, The Write Stride|Memories are interesting. Interesting because they are faded yet detailed, pictured yet difficult to decipher, yelling yet mute, beautiful yet dreadful, magical yet logical, and familiar yet new. We listen; we encounter; we observe; we do; we learn; and, we talk. Everything we do or experience becomes our memory. Indeed, memories are interesting.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|I'm willing to find out what this thing is going on between us. Are you?""If we weren't outside," he says, "I'd show you--"I cut him off by grabbing the thick hair at the base of his neck and pulling that gorgeous head of his down. If we can't exactly have privacy right now, I'll settle for being real. Besides, everyone who we need to keep this a secret from is in school.Alex keeps his hands at his side, but when I part my lips, he groans against my mouth and his wrench drops to the ground with a loud clink.His strong hands wrap around me, making me feel protected. His velvet tongue mingles with mine, creating an unfamiliar melting sensation deep within my body. This is more than making out, it's . . . well, it feels like a lot more.His hands never stop moving; one circles my back while the other plays with my hair.Alex isn't the only one exploring. My hands are roving all over him, feeling his muscles tense beneath my hands and heightening my awareness of him. I touch his jaw and the roughness of a day's growth scratches my skin
Christian de Duve|I'm an addict, I'm addicted to success. Thankfully, there's no rehab for success.
Danica Patrick|The moving finger writes, and having written moves on. Nor all thy piety nor all thy wit, can cancel half a line of it.
H.G. Wells|Given as much law as that man will be able to do anything and go anywhere, an the only trace of pessimism left in the human prospect today is a faint flavour that one was born so soon.
Jeanne Kalogridis, The Borgia Bride|The sensation that seized me that morning―the twentieth of May―as I sat on my velvet cushion beside the Pope and stared down at the man standing beside my husband, was swift, irrevocable, and violent, like a dagger plunged into the heart. I trembled. I did not want it; I did not seek it; yet there it was, and I was at the mercy of it. And I knew nothing of the man who had just stolen my soul.
John Steinbeck|The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit—for gallantry in defeat, for courage, compassion and love. In the endless war against weakness and despair, these are the bright rally flags of hope and of emulation. I hold that a writer who does not believe in the perfectibility of man has no dedication nor any membership in literature.—Steinbeck Nobel Prize Acceptance Speech
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|Death, that hath suck'd the honey of thy breath hath had no power yet upon thy beauty.
K.M. Johnson, Knowing the Struggle Is Over!|Just because you're in a situation, doesn't mean you have to be that situation. You're not the situation you're in!
John Mackey|People just want to dig; they want to dance. They don't want to work all through the night, and neither do I. I like getting 'out there,' but communication should be occurring on more levels than heavy-laden philosophical.
Vera Nazarian|If Music is a Place -- then Jazz is the City, Folk is the Wilderness, Rock is the Road, Classical is a Temple.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|We obviously don’t live in a perfect world. If we did, then my dad would never have volunteered for Vietnam so he could use the GI Bill to pay for college, Uncle Google would have more important things to do than searching for eight hundred million reasons why our schools suck, and I wouldn’t be at an education leadership conference in Jakarta because there’d be no need for it … right?
Steven Moffat|But maybe you carried your demons with you everywhere, the way you carried your shadow.
Gary Ryan Blair|The paradox is that when we model future designs on past successes, we are inviting failure down the line; when we take into account past failures and anticipate potential new ways in which failure can occur, we are more likely to produce successful designs.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Sometimes we do grip the concert in a human head, and so hold it that in a way we get a record of it into paint, but the vision and expressing of one day will not do for the next.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Maturity is a bitter disappointment for which no remedy exists, unless laughter could be said to remedy anything.
Nina Jean Slack|Always write exactly what you’re feeling at the exact moment when writing something like poetry or an emotional novel. Put yourself, pour all emotions into your work…make yourself cry, feel joy if you are writing joyful things, feel lovey if it calls for it…just put your heart and soul into all that you do…then you will be a good writer when you can make whoever reads your work, feel." -Nina Jean Slack
Bec McMaster, Nobody's Hero|Riley, you're the Devil, and I'd gladly sell you my soul, if you didn't already own it..." - Luc Wade
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Ask anyone who has ever fallen in love at first sight and they will tell you—their mutual chemistry created an instant attraction. We have all known friends who went on a first date and knew instantly that they would spend the rest of their life with that person. Or, they knew instantly there was no chance because there was no chemistry at all.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning the Principles of Morals|Logic stays true, wherever you may go,So logic never tells you where you live.
Natasha Tsakos|Those who occupy managerial positions in the media, or gain status within them as commentators, belong to the same privileged elites, and might be expected to share the perceptions, aspirations, and attitudes of their associates, reflecting their own class interests as well. Journalists entering the system are unlikely to make their way unless they conform to these ideological pressures, generally by internalizing the values; it is not easy to say one thing and believe another, and those who fail to conform will tend to be weeded out by familiar mechanisms.
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|What Hamlet suffers from is a lack of zombies. Let us say Rosencrantz and Guildenstern show up—Ho-HO! Now you’ve got something that stirs the, um, something that stirs things that are stirrable. BOOM! A pack of ravenous flesh-eaters breaks open their heads and sucks out their eyeballs. No need for iambic pentameter because they are grunting, groaning annihilators of humanity with no time for meter. You’re not asleep in the back of English class anymore, are you? This is what I’m talking about. Zombies. Learn it, live it, love it.
Mandy Nachampassack-Maloney, Autumnal Dancer|Adulthood is accretive by nature, a thing which arrives in ragged stages and uneven overlaps.
Tarryn Fisher, Thief|Two days ago, I was trying to decide how to ask him to marry me,” Zane whispered. “Tonight I’m trying to figure out if I can even love someone like him.
John Wayne|Time wastes too fast… the days and hours of it… are flying over our heads like little clouds on a windy day, never to return more – everything presses on – whilst thou art twisting the lock, - see! it grows grey… and every time I kiss thy hand to bid adieu, and every absence which follows it, are preludes to that eternal separation which we are shortly to make!
Victoria Vantoch, The Jet Sex: Airline Stewardesses and the Making of an American Icon|At first glance, the stewardess appears to have been a reflection of conservative postwar gender roles—an impeccable airborne incarnation of the mythical homemaker of the 1950s who would happily abandon work to settle down with Mr. Right. A high-flying expert at applying lipstick, warming baby bottles, and mixing a martini, the stewardess was popularly imagined as the quintessential wife to be. Dubbed the “typical American girl,” this masterful charmer—known for pampering her mostly male passengers while maintaining perfect poise (and straight stocking seams) thirty thousand feet above sea level—became an esteemed national heroine for her womanly perfection.But while the the stewardess appears to have been an airborne Donna Reed, a closer look reveals that she was also popularly represented as a sophisticated, independent, ambitious career woman employed on the cutting edge of technology. This iconic woman in the workforce was in a unique position to bring acceptance and respect to working women by bridging the gap between the postwar domestic ideal and wage work for women. As both the apotheosis of feminine charm and American careerism, the stewardess deftly straddled the domestic ideal and a career that took her far from home. Ultimately, she became a crucial figure in paving the way for feminism in America.
Neil Gaiman, The Books of Magic|Finally, she mused that human existence is as brief as the life of autumn grass, so what was there to fear from taking chances with your life?
Leon Redbone|I was at the vice president's Christmas party. I thought that his speech was spectacular, and I knew that it was a very emotional and difficult thing for him to do, but I admonished him for not waiting just one more stinking day.
Sarah Mayberry, Her Best Friend|Is there somebody out there? Amy, is that you?” her mother called.“No. Tell me this isn’t happening.” Quinn rested his forehead against hers. “Has she got a wiretap on you or something? I swear, she’s like a walking hard-on detector.”Amy bit her lip, trying not to laugh. Quinn levered himself up on his arms.“Mrs. P., if you value your life, you’ll go back inside and turn off the light right now.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|Brief as the lightning in the collied night;That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and Earth,And ere a man hath power to say "Behold!"The jaws of darkness do devour it up.So quick bright things come to confusion.
Jerome K. Jerome, Clocks|Appearance, not reality, is what the clever dog grasps at in these clever days. We spurn the dull-brown solid earth; we build our lives and homes in the fair-seeming rainbow-land of shadow and chimera.
Thea Harrison, Shadow's End|She paused and unexpectedly stroked her fingers down the feathers of his neck.He froze. She couldn't know how intimate that seemed, or how sensitive he was to her touch even through the sleek covering of eagle feathers. Pleasure at being petted ran down his spine.He should say something or step away. He did neither. Instead, ever so slightly, he leaned into her touch.It was wrong of him, but his wrong button seemed to be broken, and he didn't care.
Benny Bellamacina|Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else
Dee Dee Ramone|He had the hypocrisy to represent a mourner: and previous to following with Hareton, he lifted the unfortunate child on to the table and muttered, with peculiar gusto, 'Now, my bonny lad, you are mine! And we'll see if one tree won't grow as crooked as another, with the same wind to twist it!
Emily Dickinson|No man has the courage to approach her or initiate questions she herself rise, for all men fear a fascist and she can very well be a fascist’s wife.
Jeff Phillips, Whiskey Pike: A Bedtime Story for the Drinking Mankind.|A beverage of leisure is a serious business,” Shane Bowermaster was known to declare. “There can be no product of pleasure without the inverse on the end of the producer.
Abhishek Sainani|Why does it matter what I own,how I look, what I wear,if I don't help out a friend in need,if I've forgotten to love and care.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|The situation was different in the jungle. Every inch of ground had to be earned, and was done so through much exertion with the blade.
W.E.B. Du Bois, W.E.B. Du Bois: A Reader|Here is the chance for young women and young men of devotion to lift again the banner of humanity and to walk toward a civilization which will be free and intelligent; which will be healthy and unafraid, and build in the world a culture led by black folk and joined by peoples of all colors and all races - without poverty, ignorance and disease!
Suzie Quint, A Knight in Cowboy Boots|Where did you get that assault weapon?""Assault weapon?" Zach turned his head to look at her. "Well, lookey there. You're cute when you blush."Maddie's face grew hotter, but at least he'd mistaken the reason for her embarrassment.Zach turned his face back toward the ceiling. "That there's standard equipment, darlin'.""There's nothing standard about that.""I didn't hear you complaining.""Of course not. You sprang it on me when I was mentally incompetent."Zach laughed out loud. "That you were, sweet Maddie that you were." Maddie and Zach
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|In politics, you know, as well as I do, there are no men, but ideas - no feelings, but interests.
Annie Besant|Debating clubs among boys are very useful, not only as affording pleasant meetings and interesting discussions, but also as serving for training grounds for developing the knowledge and the qualities that are needed in public life.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|I carry my adornments on my soul.I do not dress up like a popinjay;But inwardly, I keep my daintiness.I do not bear with me, by any chance,An insult not yet washed away- a conscienceYellow with unpurged bile- an honor frayedTo rags, a set of scruples badly worn.I go caparisoned in gems unseen,Trailing white plumes of freedom, garlandedWith my good name- no figure of a man,But a soul clothed in shining armor, hungWith deeds for decorations, twirling- thus-A bristling wit, and swinging at my sideCourage, and on the stones of this old townMaking the sharp truth ring, like golden spurs!
George Steiner, Errata: An Examined Life|We speak in (rich) monotones. Our poetry is haunted by the music it has left behind. Orpheus shrinks to a poet when he looks back, with the impatience of reason, on a music stronger than death.
Samuel Gordon|Joy is distinctly a Christian word and a Christian thing. It is the reverse of happiness. Happiness is the result of what happens of an agreeable sort. Joy has its spring deep down inside. And that spring never runs dry, no matter what happens. Only Jesus gives that joy.
Jason Isbell|Unless you enjoy life passionately, you cannot be a good artiste. Practise what you like, be it sports or dancing.
Tony Conrad|In 1984, I turned to theater in the hopes of finding a more direct form of communication between me and my people.
Vonnie Davis, Bearing It All|I think...I shall call ye Beauty, for I shall be yer beast.
Timothy Freriks, Startup Assembly Manual|I’m most endeared to the fact that they used gifts and talents that were taught to them by other enterprising women who looked just like them. These are gifts and talents they brought with them from Africa and other distant shores. These were gifts and talents women used to appease their owners, and make their lives comfortable. These were gifts and talents used to fuel economies and for building communities. In one book I read, nickels from the sale of chicken eggs paid the college tuition of three children.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|By the time I had complete my 22nd year, I was a new man - an atheist.
Paul Bamikole|Where your flesh is in front, your future is behind.
Czesław Miłosz|Isn’t it strange how a lamb can feel like a lion when comparing itself to a mouse, whereas a lion feels like a lamb when measuring itself against dragons?
Nine Naughty Novelists, The Zillionaire Vampire Cowboy's Secret Werewolf Babies|As I came down the stairs, all attention turned from the girls, and everyone looked to me as though this were some sort of drama taking place on a stage, and I was the scorned lover come to confront my erstwhile beloved. I was not. I was just a whore, nothing else. Nothing more.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Humankind’s greatest gift is that we are indeterminate beings. Unlike the tough and leathery seed of an acorn, which will grow into a magnificent oak tree, none of us has a predetermined final configuration of our ultimate essence. Our mental temperament is pliable. We make conscious and subconscious choices that govern who we become.
Serj Tankian|A society whose members are united by the fact that they think in the same way in regard to the sacred world and its relations with the profane world, and by the fact that they translate these common ideas into common practices, is what is called a Church. In all history, we do not find a single religion without a Church.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground|I, for instance, was triumphant over everyone; everyone, of course, was in dust and ashes, and was forced spontaneously to recognise my superiority, and I forgave them all. I was a poet and a grand gentleman, I fell in love; I came in for countless millions and immediately devoted them to humanity, and at the same time I confessed before all the people my shameful deeds, which, of course, were not merely shameful, but had in them much that was "sublime and beautiful" something in the Manfred style. Everyone would kiss me and weep (what idiots they would be if they did not), while I should go barefoot and hungry preaching new ideas and fighting a victorious Austerlitz against the obscurantists. Then the band would play a march, an amnesty would be declared, the Pope would agree to retire from Rome to Brazil; then there would be a ball for the whole of Italy at the Villa Borghese on the shores of Lake Como, Lake Como being for that purpose transferred to the neighbourhood of Rome; then would come a scene in the bushes, and so on, and so on — as though you did not know all about it?
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, the lesson we can all learn from the inner sadness of a Narcissist is to see through our own fabrications, our own illusions so that we can be set free to be real once more.
Erik Pevernagie|The strongest competitive force or forces determine the profitability of an industry and become the most important to strategy formulation. The most salient force, however, is not always obvious. P. 26
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|I guess if there’s one thing I can say about the 21st century, it’s that the 21st century is all flash and no substance… everything is digital, nothing but files of invisible electronic data on computers and mindless zombies on their cellular phones… it’s sad how because of the digital age, society is ultimately doomed. Nothing in the digital age is real anymore, and you know, they say celluloid film and ray tube televisions and maybe even paper might become obsolete in this century? …What’s most annoying is that nobody cares, they’ve just learned to accept the digital age and get addicted to it… none of them are ever going to step up and say to the world, “you’re all a bunch of sheep!” and even if they did say anything, I doubt anyone would listen… they’re all too obsessed and attached to their cellular phones and overly big televisions and whatever other moronic things they’ve got these days… it almost makes me want an apocalypse to happen, to erase digital technology and force the world to start over again.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Slave|She knew it was going to happen, was ready for it, but when he pulled her to his lips, nothing could have prepared her for the heavy rush of desire that slammed through her.
Alice Duer Miller, Are Women People? a Book of Rhymes for Suffrage Times|When men in Congress come to blows at somemthing someone said,I always notice that it shows their blood is quick and red;But if two women disagree, with very little noise,It proves, and this seems strange to me, that women have no poise.
Daniel J. Rice, This Side of a Wilderness|But I am a just man, even to my enemy—and I will acknowledge, beforehand, that they are cleverer brains than I thought them.
Linus Pauling|I had assumed that I would age with all my friends growing old around me, dying off very gradually one by one. And here was a plague that cut them off so early.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|He died of a breaking heart," Pete said, making a stout log fence of his hands around the glove compartment and leaning forward to peer at the luminous clock, "but he was an old man. He was the king of his Yaquis down there and he couldn't live any more when they took the land away. He couldn't live up in the mountains that way. He hid all the treasures - you understand treasures? - in the mountains down there and he died. Now I'm the king of my Yaquis and someday I'll go down there and dig up the treasures again - maybe soon if they don't catch me too much. Then I buy the land back and we will live in the future like in the past only better." Pete let the fence fall, and sunlight showed the clock to be hours wrong, if not years.
Aimée Dostoyevsky, The Emigrant|You can shoo people away in real life, but not when they force their way in through the dream door.
David S. Landes, Revolution in Time: Clocks and the Making of the Modern World|... if one is to rely on human judges, it is very important that they never admit to error.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I hate computers. My hatred is entrenched, and I nourish it daily. I’m comfortable with it, and no community outreach program will change my mind. I hate computers for getting their own section in the New York Times and for lengthening commercials with the mention of a Web site address. Who really wants to find out more about Procter & Gamble? Just buy the toothpaste or laundry detergent, and get on with it. I hate them for creating the word org and I hate them for e-mail, which isn’t real mail but a variation of the pointless notes people used to pass in class. I hate computers for replacing the card catalog in the New York Public Library and I hate the way they’ve invaded the movies. I’m not talking about their contribution to the world of special effects. I have nothing against a well-defined mutant or full-scale alien invasion — that’s good technology. I’m talking about their actual presence in any given movie. They’ve become like horses in a western — they may not be the main focus, but everybody seems to have one.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I read somewhere... how important it is in life not necessarily to be strong, but to feel strong... to measure yourself at least once.
Don Tapscott|We need an equal opportunity society, one in which government does not see its job as picking winners and losers. Where do you go if you want special favors? Government. Where do you go if you want a tax break? Government. Where do you go if you want a handout? Government. This must stop.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Joy cannot be confused with the mere absence sorrow, misinterpreted as experiencing minimal despair, or misunderstood as living without crippling trepidation. Bliss necessarily encompasses uncompromising acceptance of life’s defining permutations. Emotional harmony necessitates beholding the pleasant and unpleasant exigencies of life while expressing unstinting appreciation for the ordinary and the extraordinary events in our lives. Joyfulness transcends the variations in physical and emotional demands exerted upon us. Elation for life allows us to rise above environmental determinates and associated stresses that might otherwise vex our souls including death and other sorrowful events.
Seanan McGuire, A Red-Rose Chain|The boy looks into Mugwump eyes blank as obsidian mirrors, pools of black blood, glory holes in a toilet wall closing on the Last Erection.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|Gifford Ulrich didn’t know the distance from despair to hope, but he knew hope didn’t sleep in alleys.
E. Nesbit, The Story of the Amulet|Robert explained how much simpler it was to pay money for things than to exchange them as the people were doing in the market. Later on the soldier gave the coins to his captain, who, later still, showed them to Pharaoh, who of course kept them and was much struck with the idea. That was really how coins first came to be used in Egypt. You will not believe this, I daresay, but really, if you believe the rest of the story, I don't see why you shouldn't believe this as well.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|Emblematic of this era was the prolific Viennese surgeon Theodor Billroth. Born in 1821, Billroth studied music and surgery with almost equal verve. (The professions still often go hand in hand. Both push manual skill to its limit; both mature with practice and age; both depend on immediacy, precision, and opposable thumbs.)
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|She seems to always get itTo have become adept at empathyAlways giving excuses for people who’ve aggrieved herTo the point it’s hard for her to hit back when necessary All because she assumes she ‘understands’Then, one day . . .She finally stands up for herselfAt that moment, she revels in the natural instinct of self-preservationShe realises all this while the power she’s been withholdingIn a transcendent moment of epiphanyIt’s all beautiful ‘causeNow, she can get back to empathy with understanding, rather, than without.
Madeleine Roux, Allison Hewitt Is Trapped|Heaven's net is wide, but its mesh is fine
Rollo May|It takes a great man to give sound advice tactfully, but a greater to accept it graciously.
|If losing is mostly all you know, then it's obvious you haven't been thinking, acting, working, persisting, persevering, and walking like winners do.
Cruce Stark, The Haunted Dusk|According to this model, human beings are, at least in one aspect, sensation-receiving machines; and although our receptory apparatus is competent to select and organize outward stimuli within the narrow range necessary for physical survival within our environment, it does not necessarily tell us very much about the nature of that environment. People, in other words, have little access to the possible world existing beyond their sensations.
Nikki Rowe|You are here, alive and awake and for whatever reasons you have fought your battles, it's time to start focusing on what strengths pulled you up when the entire world had knocked you down. That's where the virtue in self grows.
Agatha Christie, Murder in Mesopotamia|He tried to decide if he was really ashamed of being afraid, and decided that he was not. Fear was there for a purpose. It was wired into any creature that had not completely turned its back on its evolutionary inheritance and so remade itself in whatever image it coveted. The more sophisticated you became, the less you relied on fear and pain to keep you alive; you could afford to ignore them because you had other means of coping with the consequences if things went badly.
Eva Longoria|I'll never forget my 24th birthday when my tooth got punched out. And for a second I was like, it would be really hilarious if I sold it on eBay. But I can't, that's just too creepy. I don't think I can go there.
Ngagpa Yeshe Dorje, Path of the Yogi|For eternally and always there is only now, one and the same now; the present is the only thing that has no end.
Louis B. Jones|Your story is not a picture of life; it lacks the elements of truth. And why? Simply because you run straight on to the end; because you do not analyze. Your heroes do this thing or that from this or that motive, which you assign without ever a thought of dissecting their mental and moral natures. Our feelings, you must remember, are far more complex than all that. In real life every act is theresultant of a hundred thoughts that come and go, and theseyou must study, each by itself, if you would create a livingcharacter. 'But,' you will say, 'in order to note these fleetingthoughts one must know them, must be able to follow them in their capricious meanderings.You have simply to make use of hypnotism, electrical or human, which gives one a two-fold being, setting free the witness-personality so that it may see, understand, and remember the reasons which determine the personality that acts.
Sebastian Junger|When I was younger, I wasn't concentrating on good days. I was managing a career and trying to have a good year. It would always 'lead' to something, which never leads to anything except death, where everything leads to. And then as I got older, and then I had my kids and everything, I began to appreciate a great Wednesday.
Jeff Bezos|The secret of being a top-notch con man is being able to know what the mark wants, and how to make him think he's getting it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world by its advertisements, its conversation, and its philosophy is engaged in a gigantic brainwashing task . . . The Christian is beset by secular and worldly propaganda.
John Gallagher, Jr.|My idea of a perfect pet is a really, really big dog! Huge!
Kelly Corbet, Already Here: The Matter of Love|I believe we can choose Love and gratitude, or choose Other Than. Those are our options, and in the end, there’s only one option.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|The pages and the words are my world, spread out before your eyes and for your hand to touch. Vaguely, I can see you face looking down into me, as I look back. Do you see my eyes?
Cristen Rodgers|My mind is the sun,and my heart is the moon.In the sky between them,there I am.Cristen Rodgers
Megan McCafferty, Bumped|Faith is accepting what makes no sense, what we cannot prove, but know down deep in our souls is real.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, STEDFARST|If "RACE" becomes the norm, then harmony will not prevail.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|Sometimes it takes more than shouting it to show your pride. It takes more than a sign, a fabulous outfit, or a month of parades. Pride has to resonate from within; shine out to everyone around you. It has mean something to you and only you first before you announce it to the world.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|If you cannot undo what you have done, you are trapped. It is easy to understand how helpless and hopeless you then feel and why you might want to give up. . . . Restoring what you cannot restore, healing the wound you cannot heal, fixing that which you broke and you cannot fix is the very purpose of the atonement of Christ.
Florence Scovel Shinn|The very nature of finance is that it cannot be profitable unless it is significantly leveraged... and as long as there is debt, there can be failure and contagion.
Girl A, Girl A|In court the next morning I sat at a table in the judge’s chambers. On the other side of the table, close enough for me to reach across and touch him, sat Ted Bundy. He’s adorable, I thought, surprised at my first impression, because I’d pictured him in my mind as brooding, dark, intense disdain (p. 83).(Loftus testified as a defense expert for Ted Bundy in 1976, Bundy was found guilty of aggravated kidnapping)
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|~Do you like him much?~I told you I like him a little. Where is the use of caring for him so very much? He is full of faults.~Is he?~All boys are.~More than girls?~Very likely. Wise people say it is folly to think anyboy perfect, and as to likes and diskiles, we should be friendly to all, and worship none.
J. Kenner, Release Me|Never, baby. Between us, the sun is never going down.
A.M. Harte, Hungry For You|When I am lonely for boys what I miss is their bodies. The smell of their skin, its saltiness. The rough whisper of stubble against my cheek. The strong firm hands, the way they rest on the curve of my back.
John Martel, Billy Strobe|The visitor shrugged. "Like euthanasia? I'm sorry, Father, I feel that the laws of a society are what make something a crime or not a crime. I'm aware that you don't agree. And there can be bad laws, ill conceived, true. But in this case, I think we have a good law. If I thought I had such a thing as a soul, and that there was an angry God in Heaven, I might agree with you.
