Alberto Manguel, Dark Arrows: Great Stories of Revenge|Unicorns, dragons, witches may be creatures conjured up in dreams, but on the page their needs, joys, anguishes, and redemptions should be just as true as those of Madame Bovary or Martin Chuzzlewit.
B.J. Daniels, Dark Horse|Don’t you want to know the kind of woman I am?”When he said nothing, she continued. “I’m like your father. When I start something I finish it.”Cull seemed to consider that before he turned toward her, his lips quirking into a grin as his eyes blazed with challenge. “Is that right?”Before she could react, he grabbed her and dragged her to him. His mouth dropped to hers in a demanding kiss as he pushed her back against the barn wall.
Willa Cather, My Mortal Enemy|And perhaps it was also the case that, for all a lifetime's internal struggling, you were finally no more than what others saw you as. That was your nature, whether you liked it or not.
Kris Noel, The Serenity Compound|Barnabas’s voice helps me drift off to sleep. I think briefly about how I’ve never felt this way about anyone else. I care about my family and friends, but this is a different feeling. This must be how my father feels about my mother. This must be what it feels like to be in love. Somehow, I’m certain.I know I can’t leave him here to rot. I can’t leave him at all.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|If you are eager to find the reason I became the Kvothe they tell stories about, you could look there, I suppose."Chronicler's forehead wrinkled. "What do you mean, exactly?"Kvothe paused for a long moment, looking down at his hands. "Do you know how many times I've been beaten over the course of my life?"Chronicler shook his head.Looking up, Kvothe grinned and tossed his shoulders in a nonchalant shrug. "Neither do I. You'd think that sort of thing would stick in a person's mind. You'd think I would remember how many bones I've had broken. You'd think I'd remember the stitches and bandages." He shook his head. "I don't. I remember that young boy sobbing in the dark. Clear as a bell after all these years."Chronicler frowned. "You said yourself that there was nothing you could have done.""I could have," Kvothe said seriously, "and I didn't. I made my choice and I regret it to this day. Bones mend. Regret stays with you forever.
Donna Lynn Hope|I was seven when he hung himself, and I don't remember all that much, and anything I did remember, I've managed to forget.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|I'd have wasted a lot of time and trouble before I learned that the best way to take all people, black or white, is to take them for what they think they are, then leave them alone.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|The day when on the cover of my books, my name will appear in bigger fond than the title of my book- I will stop writing because that would be the death of the writer in me.
Robyn Peterman, Some Were In Time|Anyone who discounts you is a dumbass," I muttered as the golf cart jerked forward."And are you a dumbass?" the Pigeon inquired as she peeked under the tarp."Absolutely not...I'm a smartass.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|[Art] acts as 'an instrument allowing us to see through the gaps of dominant ideologies, and the source from which new methods could be drawn in the struggle against the system(s)'.
Pratik Akkawar|It only needs a desire, not words; to start a conversation.
Stephen King, The Stand|Do you know how long God took to destroy the Tower of Babel, folks? Seven minutes. Do you know how long the Lord God took to destroy Babylon and Nineveh? Seven minutes. There’s more wickedness in one block in New York City than there was in a square mile in Nineveh, and how long do you think the Lord God of Sabboath will take to destroy New York City and Brooklyn and the Bronx? Seven seconds. Seven Seconds.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|When something extraordinary shows up in your life in the middle of the night, you give it a name and make it the best home you can.
Jeff Probst|Yet, despite our many advances, our environment is still threatened by a range of problems, including global climate change, energy dependence on unsustainable fossil fuels, and loss of biodiversity.
Slavoj Žižek, Tarrying with the Negative: Kant, Hegel, and the Critique of Ideology|as soon as we renounce fiction and illusion, we lose reality itself; the moment we subtract fictions from reality, reality itself loses its discursive-logical consistency.
Shannon L. Alder|God has a plan and guess what? The plan is to stop waiting for him to do everything for you. The person you want in your life is not a sign. Not a clue. Not a wish. Not a prayer. Not a tarot card or a matter of timing. It is work. It is devotion, and like any dream if you want it then God will open doors for you to obtain it. You just have to stop setting the bar so low that everything below is a sign from God and everything above is asking too much.
Ruth Reichl, Delicious!|Agnes walked in with a tray of gorgeous raspberry tortes, fruit sorbet, and pistachio ice.
Taylor Longford|MacKenzie grinned at Mim. "They love the modern appliances.""Especially the electric floor sweeper," Valor chuckled."Defiance really has a thing for the vacuum cleaner," MacKenzie agreed in a secretive whisper."If he ever has kids, he'll probably name the first one Hoover," Havoc snickered.
Gerry LaFemina, Little Heretic|So much of love is imagination -- its over-activity, its over-ambition, its over-the-top faith.
Giridhar Alwar|When something flipping out to the worse, don't feel bad. But be strong and make yourself hard so that the situations stop taking chance to hurt you.
Leviak B. Kelly, The Leprechaun Delusion|Mine is a stubborn and recalcitrant faith. It's all elbows and motion and kicked-up dust, like cartoon characters locked in a cloudy brawl. I'm still early in my journey, but I suspect it will go on like this for a while, perhaps until my last breath.
Mark Bowden|Their voices meld into a cloudy rumble of their own, and I ponder Mira's and Aidan's secrets and imagine the injustice that threads through other lives, injustice that has no face because it is hidden away in a dark, shameful place, hidden for years in hopes of making it untrue.
Henry Knox|The president has been a true friend of the ag industry, because he continues to invest large amounts of money at a time when savings is really the goal of the federal government to deal with the deficit.
Drea Damara, Chasing Vengeance|We have all had stupid youths,' said Mathilde. 'I find them delicious.
Dan Barker, Godless: How an Evangelical Preacher Became One of America's Leading Atheists|People are invariably surprised to hear me say I am both an atheist and an agnostic, as if this somehow weakens my certainty. I usually reply with a question like, 'Well, are you a Republican or an American?' The two words serve different concepts and are not mutually exclusive. Agnosticism addresses knowledge; atheism addresses belief. The agnostic says, 'I don't have a knowledge that God exists.' The atheist says, 'I don't have a belief that God exists.' You can say both things at the same time. Some agnostics are atheistic and some are theistic.
Sarah Ruhl, In the Next Room, or the vibrator play|Do you not think, Mrs. Givings, that snow is always kind? Because it has to fall slowly, to meet the ground slowly, or the eyelash slowly— And things that meet each other slowly are kind.
Andre Agassi, Open|It's no accident, I think, that tennis uses the language of life. Advantage, service, fault, break, love, the basic elements of tennis are those of everyday existence, because every match is a life in miniature. Even the structure of tennis, the way the pieces fit inside one another like Russian nesting dolls, mimics the structure of our days. Points become games become sets become tournaments, and it's all so tightly connected that any point can become the turning point. It reminds me of the way seconds become minutes become hours, and any hour can be our finest. Or darkest. It's our choice.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Criticism on "The origin of species"|Those who are ignorant of Geology, find no difficulty in believing that the world was made as it is; and the shepherd, untutored in history, sees no reason to regard the green mounds which indicate the site of a Roman camp, as aught but part and parcel of the primeval hill-side.
Chrystia Freeland, Plutocrats: The Rise of the New Global Super Rich and the Fall of Everyone Else|That's a large part of what economics is - people arbitrarily, or as a matter of taste, assigning numerical values to non-numerical things. And then pretending that they haven't just made the numbers up, which they have. Economics is like astrology in that sense, except that economics serves to justify the current power structure, and so it has a lot of fervent believers among the powerful.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|From out of nowhere, Phury felt an overwhelming tide of guilt, like someone had popped the lid off allhis deepest concerns and his fears for the future of the race. He had to respond to it, couldn't bear thepressure. Riding the wave, he found himself saying in a rush, "We live and die for our kind. The species is our firstand only concern. We fight every night and count the jars of thelessers we kill. Stealth is the way weprotect the civilians. The less they know about us, the safer they are. That is why we disappeared.
J.J. Brown, Brindle 24|If we hadn’t our bewitching autumn foliage, we should still have to credit the weather with one feature which compensates for all its bullying vagaries-the ice storm: when a leafless tree is clothed with ice from the bottom to the top – ice that is as bright and clear as crystal; when every bough and twig is strung with ice-beads, frozen dew-drops, and the whole tree sparkles cold and white, like the Shah of Persia’s diamond plume. Then the wind waves the branches and the sun comes out and turns all those myriads of beads and drops to prisms that glow and burn and flash with all manner of colored fires, which change and change again with inconceivable rapidity from blue to red, from red to green, and green to gold-the tree becomes a spraying fountain, a very explosion of dazzling jewels; and it stands there the acme, the climax, the supremest possibility in art or nature, of bewildering, intoxicating, intolerable magnificence. One cannot make the words too strong.
Kenny Loggins|To create an organization that's adaptable and innovative, people need the freedom to challenge precedent, to 'waste' time, to go outside of channels, to experiment, to take risks and to follow their passions.
Ruskin Bond, The Room on the Roof|Miss Tick sniffed. 'You could say this advice is priceless,' she said. 'Are you listening?''Yes,' said Tiffany.'Good. Now ... if you trust in yourself ...''Yes?''... and believe in your dreams ...''Yes?''... and follow your star ...' Miss Tick went on.'Yes?''... you'll still get beaten by people who spent THEIR time working hard and learning things and weren't so lazy. Goodbye.
Alexander Ferrick, HACK3R|They turned on themselves, like a feverish wheel, all tumbling spokes. Margot stood alone. She was a very frail girl who looked as if she had been lost in the rain for years and the rain had washed out the blue from her eyes and the red from her mouth and the yellow from her hair. She was an old photograph dusted from an album, whitened away, and if she spoke at all her voice would be a ghost. Now she stood, separate, staring at the rain and the loud wet world beyond the huge glass.
W.S. Gilbert, The Pirates of Penzance|Oh, dry the glistening tear that dues that marshal cheekThy loving childern here in them thy comfort seek With sympathetic care their arms around the creep, For oh they can not bear to see their father weep
Steve Yarbrough, Safe from the Neighbors|This seems to me a philosophical question, and therefore irrelevant, question. A poet's destiny is to love.
Katie MacAlister, Sex and the Single Vampire|Aryans?" I asked, thinking I must have heard the word incorrectly.Christian and Allie nodded."Aryans as in white supremacist, those sorts of Aryans?""Yes," Christian said."Neo-Nazis?" My mind was having a hard time grasping the idea of a power-hungry vampire leading an army of Hitler's Youth. "Skinheads and their ilk?""Hasi, what is it you find so unbelievable?" Adrian asked, a smile in his voice."Oh, I don't know. I guess I just expected that any army Saer raised would be… you know… the evil undead." Everyone just looked at me. "Oh, yeah, I guess you're right. Neo-Nazis are more or less the evil undead. Right. So we have Saer about to attack at any moment with a bunch of goose-stepping Nazis. Great. Anyone here do a really good Winston Churchill impression?
Farida kahlo|I never paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Patriotism,” said Theodore Roosevelt, “means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the President or any other public official save exactly to the degree in which he himself stands by the country. … Every man,” said President Roosevelt, “who parrots the cry of ‘stand by the President’ without adding the proviso ‘so far as he serves the Republic’ takes an attitude as essentially unmanly as that of any Stuart royalist who championed the doctrine that the King could do no wrong. No self-respecting and intelligent free man could take such an attitude.
Vera Nazarian, Dreams of the Compass Rose|I tell the story to you now, but in each telling the story itself changes a little, changes direction, and that in turn changes you and me. So be very careful not only in how you repeat it but in how you remember it, goslings. More often than you realize it, the world is shaped by two things -- stories told and the memories they leave behind.
Alan Cohen|I can't think I had much of a sense of humor as long as I remained the only child. When my brother Edward came along we both became comics, making each other laugh.
Robert Jourdain|The brain can be a wonderful tool, can be a willing slave, as has been evidenced by some men, but of course it works poorly when it has not the habit of usage. An automobile can become a source of delight, but the first time you drive you are as apt to go up a tree as to go up the road.
Stephen King, The Shining|In all your life, only a few moments matter. Mostly you never get a good look at them except in hindsight, long after they've zipped past you: the moment when you decided whether to talk to that girl, slow down on that blind bend, stop and find that condom. I was lucky, I guess you could call it. I got to see one of mine face-to-face, and recognize it for what it was.
Sultan Alzahrani|The Angry Face" cannot deliver the knowledge correctly often!
Robert Wagner|We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.
Charlotte Eriksson|I just want to be someone, to mean something to anyone…
A.J. Vega, Majesty's Offspring|Even more alarming were persistent rumors that someone had smuggled an Emotion Amplifier on board 'Mentor'. The so-called joy machines were banned on all planets, except under strict medical control; but there would always be people to whom reality was not good enough, and who would want to try something better.
Fiona Wood, Six Impossible Things|He pauses for only a fraction of a second. Then he leans forward and presses his lips to mine, and the whole world powers off, the moon and the rain and the sky and the streets, and it’s just the two of us in the dark, alive, alive, alive.
P.G. Wodehouse|I know I was writing stories when I was five. I don’t remember what I did before that. Just loafed, I suppose.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|My mouth only does one thing well, and talking’s not it.
Roland Merullo, The Delight of Being Ordinary|...if we somehow find the courage to go directly into the discomfort - even the discomfort of illness, pain, old age, and death - we might discover something unexpected there.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|All of the sudden, we were a grown-up married couple! Like little figures in a doll's house, we sat there dazed, in awe, wishing a chubby little arm would pass through a window and move us around, tell us what to do. We would have given anything for a magnificent child to show us how to be husband and wife.
Stan Goff, Full Spectrum Disorder: The Military in the New American Century|Since the emergence of Facebook, so many persons have become so vulnerable that they no longer have any secret
Jason Born, Wald Vengeance|Even still, it wasn't over. For if a battle could be won so easily, men would soon forget its horrors and clamor for it all the more. War would come more than once or twice a generation. Easy victories would produce men who were struck dumb with their own unbelievably improbable successes. Such men wold begin to think they had devised not the superior tactic, but rather the supreme tactic at winning
Milan Kundera, The Art of the Novel|I also think of those daily slaughters along the highways, of that death that is as horrible as it is banal and that bears no resemblance to cancer or AIDS because, as the work not of nature but of man, it is an almost voluntary death. How can it be that such a death fails to dumbfound us, to turn our lives upside down, to incite us to vast reforms? No, it does not dumbfound us, because like Pasenow, we have a poor sense of the real, and in the sur-real sphere of symbols, this death in the guise of a handsome car actually represents life; this smiling death is con-fused with modernity, freedom, adventure, just as Elisabeth was con-fused with the Virgin. This death of a man condemned to capital punishment, though infinitely rarer, much more readily draws our attention, rouses passions: confounded with the image of the executioner, it has a symbolic voltage that is far stronger, far darker and more repellent. Et cetera.Man is a child wandering lost—to cite Baudelaire`s poem again—in the "forests of symbols."(The criterion of maturity: the ability to resist symbols. But mankind grows younger all the time.)
Tarang Sinha, We Will Meet Again...|Sometimes, we are simply trapped in the cage of our own emotions, unable to break those bars. It hurts!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Being genius does not necessarily mean knowing it all or having the highest academic qualification; but a persons ability to apply wisdom and common sense to common things in a distinctive manner and courageously, exhibiting the latent deft to the admiration of the masses
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|What is that feeling when you're driving away from people and they recede on the plain till you see their specks dispersing? - it's the too-huge world vaulting us, and it's good-bye. But we lean forward to the next crazy venture beneath the skies.
Shakira|It's good to remember that in crises, natural crises, human beings forget for awhile their ignorances, their biases, their prejudices. For a little while, neighbors help neighbors and strangers help strangers.
|Don't wait till tomorrow to start your dream. Moreover, didn't you say yesterday that you would start today?
W.J. Cameron|Never worry about the size of your Christmas tree. In the eyes of children, they are all 30 feet tall
Evy Michaels|I see prisoners; those whose minds have been caged by people's ideologies of how they should liveInternally displaced persons who have settled for a lot in life that isn't there'sTell me, how powerful is this fear that you surrender even before the war has beganHow minute is this belief in yourself that you look in the mirror and dare to tell the person on the other side you won't amount to anything?Shame!Set yourself free; rise above your fears and fight. Look in that mirror and declare woe unto those who venture to stand in your way. this is your life, yours alone, use it wisely
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|Pain is not wrong. Reacting to pain as wrong initiates the trance of unworthiness. The moment we believe something is wrong, our world shrinks and we lose ourselves in the effort to combat the pain.
John Elway|My wife makes fun of me by calling me a grandpa because I have very little patience for inconsiderate children. So if we're walking in the mall, and some kid goes by really fast on a skateboard, I become the grumpiest eighty-five-year-old man in the world and start screaming at them.
George Saunders, In Persuasion Nation|A nation which does not remember what it was yesterday, does not know what it is today, nor what it is trying to do. We are trying to do a futile thing if we do not know where we came from or what we have been about.
Heather Barbieri, The Lace Makers of Glenmara|That civet-jasmine blend you're wearing tonight absolutely clashes with the third-level formal style of your dress, you know.
Swami Vivekananda|If I could give you information of my life, it would be to show how a woman of very ordinary ability has been led by God in strange and unaccustomed paths to do In His service what He has done in her. And if I could tell you all, you would see how God has done all, and I nothing.
Lynn Redgrave|I'm not opposed to aging - even though society is kinder on men than women when it comes to getting old. How can I look at aging as the enemy? It happens whether I like it or not and no one is set apart from growing old; it comes to us all. Youth passes from everyone, so why deny it? I'm proud of my age. I'm proud that I've survived this planet for as long as I have, and should I end up withered, wrinkled and with a lifetime of great wisdom, I'll trade the few years of youth for the sophistication of a great mind...for however long it lasts.
Abu Bakr al-Siddiq|O Allah, You know me better than I know myself, and I know myself better than these people who praise me. Make me better than what they think of me, and forgive those sins of mine of which they have no knowledge, and do not hold me responsible for what they say.
Sunday Adelaja|All great and famous people understand that the chief priority in their life is to discover oneself, ones calling and to devote one’s life to its fulfilment
Andrzej Sapkowski|Only death can finish the fight, everything else only interrupts the fighting.
Jordan Sonnenblick, Notes from the Midnight Driver|We're all free to chose some people to love, and then do it.
R.G. Alexander, Possess Me|Although he assumed she’d naturally submit to him, he obviously believed she was still her own person. A strong person.
Brahmananda Patra|Every artist needs canvass, mine just happens to be Microsoft Word and a Thesaurus.
Ashley Montagu|The objective of cleaning is not just to clean, but to feel happiness living within that environment.
|No other love no matter how genuine it is, can fulfill one's heart better than unconditional self-love.
Joni Mitchell|Will you take me as I am? Strung out on another man...California, I'm comin' home.
Arthur Rimbaud, Illuminations|[Alyosha] was to some extent a youth of our last epoch — that is, honest in nature, desiring the truth, seeking for it and believing in it, and seeking to serve it at once with all the strength of his soul, seeking for immediate action, and ready to sacrifice everything, life itself, for it. Though these young men unhappily fail to understand that the sacrifice of life is, in many cases, the easiest of all sacrifices, and that to sacrifice, for instance, five or six years of their seething youth to hard and tedious study, if only to multiply tenfold their powers of serving the truth and the cause they have set before them as their goal, such a sacrifice is utterly beyond the strength of many of them.
Mark Twain|I do not fear death. I had been dead for billions and billions of years before I was born, and had not suffered the slightest inconvenience from it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Today is the sum of all the choices we made in our yesterdays. Choose wisely, for a secure, happy, and meaningful tomorrow.
Liz Kessler, Read Me Like a Book|Don't do this to us." He warned, his voice hoarse with angry desperation as he realize he was losing her. "You're letting eleven years of mistrust color everything you've discovered I've done".
Ellen J. Barrier|In regards to climbing the ladder of success, there is a better future, with a greater purpose. One can find it, only if he or she searches for it.
Michael Grant|I was just beginning to relax when the radio crackled to life, and nearly gave me a heart attack."I see something, I see something!" Maddy was screaming and sounded terrified. "I see something moving!"There was a weird, muffled sound, and then Skylar’s voice came on. "Please disregard that emergency broadcast.  Madeline has just seen her first cow.
Angela Parkhurst, The Forgotten Fairytales|After every rainfall there's a rainbow because rainbows are a promise. A promise that there will always be a light in the darkness. That's why they are too beautiful to overlook.' His hand crept along my cheek, brushing away the fallen strands of my hair. The same strange look came over him, as if he wasn't present at all, but somewhere else, in a strange memory. "You, Norah, are our light."I swallowed hard. "Where's the darkness?"His eyes were trained, like he was under a spell, unable to move away or stop looking at me. "Where you aren't.
Birgitte Hjort Sorensen|The hybrid engine costs a lot of money, and customers are hardly willing to spend so much more for a car.
Rivers Cuomo|The sad thing about destroying the environment is that we're going to take the rest of life with us. The bluebirds will be gone, and the elephants will be gone, and the tigers will be gone, and the pandas will be gone.
Jen Lynn Anderson, off the page|Those who eat porridge and those who drink gruel live and die.Even though the faces change,porridge eaters and gruel drinkers continue to manifest.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Does it matter if the whole world is standing against you, if God is already on your side, guiding and protecting you?
Ella J. Fraser, A Tricky Lie|Over the course of seventy years, Isobel had learned how indiscriminately unkind Life could be. She also knew that cataloguing and reviewing examples of such cruelty was, in itself, a masochistic exercise. One that she'd habitually and rigorously trained herself to refrain from engaging in. Better to focus on those events that demonstrated the grace and beauty with which Life could perform, without rival, when bestowing on her captive audience a distinctively intermittent yet consistently welcomed generosity of spirit.
Ian Rankin, Blood Hunt|War created bizarre allies, while peace itself could be divisive.
Karen Lord, The Best of All Possible Worlds|Cole steps forward, his fingers reaching around my shoulders, and kisses me. It is sudden and smooth and soft as air against my lips. The wind whips around us, tugging at the fabric of our clothes, but not pulling us apart. And then it's gone, the cool pressure against my lips, and my eyes are open and looking into two gray eyes like river rocks."/That's/ what you wanted to show me?""No," he says, his fingers slipping down my arms as he leads me off the path and out, away from Near. "That was just in case.
Debasish Mridha|If someone hates you, secretly they are admiring you. They deserve you love and not your hate.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|But you see, a rich country like America can perhaps afford to be stupid.
Howard Schultz|People don't know the past, even though we live in literate societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Martin O'Malley|One of the interesting things about comedy is it's tension release, and nothing creates tension faster than anger.
Alice  Miller|For the human soul is virtually indestructible, and its ability to rise from the ashes remains as long as the body draws breath.
Bill Plotkin, Nature and the Human Soul: Cultivating Wholeness and Community in a Fragmented World|Given that the human soul is the very core of our human nature, we might note that, when we are guided by soul, we are guided by nature. Both soul and greater nature do guide us in our individual development, whether or not we ask for this guidance.
Margaret Wrinkle|I flutter my eyes ladylike. "I know the green fairy is absinthe, but what's the white angel?" "Cocaine. Wilde, by the way frequents this café. He claims he once saw an angel fluttering over the square. I image what he saw flying was one of the stone angels from atop the Opera across the street. No doubt he saw the image after partaking of cocaine and absinthe.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Barbee had wondered about insanity, sometimes with a brooding dread - for his own father, whom he scarcely remembered, had died in the forbidding stone pile of the state asylum. He had vaguely supposed that a mental breakdown must be somehow strange and thrilling, with an exciting conflict of horrible depression and wild elation. But perhaps it was more often like this, just a baffled apathetic retreat from problems grown too difficult to solve.
William Kittredge, We Are Not in This Together: Stories|Sometimes there is no choice but to walk into your own house. Far away, you think, and you do not want to see. You come home and you say do not tell me. You say, I have hunted the elk all over the snowfields of the Selway, and I do not want to know what happened here. And then there is a morning you walk in and take a look in your own house, like any traveler.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal, Those patient Hufflepuffs are true and unafriad of toil
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Afterwards Smiley always thought of that interview as a fan dance; a calculated progression of disclosures, each revealing different parts of a mysterious entity. Finally Steed-Asprey, who seemed to be Chairman, removed the last veil, and the truth stood before him in all its dazzling nakedness. He was being offered a post in what, for want of a better name, Steed-Asprey blushingly described as the Secret Service.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He lashed the belt against my ass again, and I was starting to feel like I was some supernatural being that was more than he was. He was just human, but I felt like something from heaven, an angel from the stars, that had come down to grace him with my presence. How beautiful lust is, when it makes you feel this way. Have you felt this yourself, do you know what I mean?
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|There are things that can be forgotten. And things that cannot - that sit on dusty shelves like stuffed birds with baleful, sideways staring eyes.
Chris Galford, The Hollow March|That was magic, sweetest.” The witch flexed her fingers, wriggled them in front of her. “Did she think it a wave of the hands? A slip of the tongue?” A kiss upon her skin. She could see the woman reaching out and taking her in hand, kissing each finger as though they were her possessions. Then it was gone. Charlotte blinked. The woman had not stirred. “Not all things are so simple. I was he and he was me and I took your poison into myself, and made it his. All things join beneath the earth. I burned, then so did he. More will burn. Come hair or wool, more will burn.
A.S. King, Everybody Sees the Ants|I never wanted to find my birth parents - if one set of parents felt like a misfortune, two sets would be self-destructive...I had no idea that you could like your parents or that they could love you enough to let you be yourself.
Martyn Stanley, Rise of the Archmage|I'm agnostic," I told him. "I'd be an atheist, except I believe in hedging my bets.
Socrates, Essential Thinkers - Socrates|The only thing I know is that I know nothing, and i am no quite sure that i know that.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|It was amazing how you could get so far from where you'd planned, and yet find it was exactly were you needed to be.
Jane Austen, Emma|I am not only not going to be married, at present, but have very little intention of ever marrying at all.
Maxim Gorky, Mother|Like racism and all forms of prejudice, bigotry against transgendered people is a deadly carcinogen. We are pitted against each other in order to keep us from seeing each other as allies. Genuine bonds of solidarity can be forged between people who respect each other's differences and are willing to fight their enemy together. We are the class that does the work of the world, and can revolutionize it. We can win true liberation.
H.L. Mencken|Part of what psychedelics do is they decondition you from cultural values. This is what makes it such a political hot potato. Since all culture is a kind of con game, the most dangerous candy you can hand out is one which causes people to start questioning the rules of the game.
David Weber, Oath of Swords|If you think it's bad now, my friend, wait till we reach a town!' He shook his head and brushed at his tattered, dirty shirtsleeve. 'Do try to remember we're visitors-and not welcome ones-if you should feel moved to reason with anyone.
Rachel Swirsky|Now in India, a village boy who has worked his way up to work at a call center, or if he gets a job working even as a busboy in a Taj or an Oberoi hotel, he'll put on his wedding announcement with pride, 'Busboy at the Taj' or 'Call center, Office Tiger.'
Lana Del Rey|Think I'll miss you forever,Like the stars miss the sun in the morning sky.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|The concept of time, as it’s commonly understood by normalpeople with normal jobs and normal goddamn lives, doesn’texist on the road. The nights spread out like the dark,godforsaken highways that distinguish them, and the days runtogether like Thanksgiving dinner smothered in gravy. Younever really know where you are or what time it is, and the outsideworld starts to fade away.It’s cool.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Ladies, we are at a massive disadvantage in the workplace. Your male peers are flirting with their male bosses constantly. The average workplace is like f*cking Bromancing the Stone. That’s basically what male bonding is. Flirting. They’re flirting with each other playing golf, they’re flirting with each other going to the football, they’re flirting with each other chatting at the urinals – and, sadly, flirting with each other in after-hours visits to strip clubs and pubs. They are bonding with each other over their biological similarities. If the only way you can bond with them is over your biological differences, you go for it. Feel pressurised to actually f*ck them if you do? Then don’t flirt. Find it an easy way to just crack on? Then crack on – and don’t blame other women for doing it.
Dejan Stojanovic|Possible impossibility emerges From an impossible possibility, Or possibly, impossible possibility Blooms from the impossibly possible impossibility.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|What matters isn't what you are, it's who you are, right now, in this moment. What matters are the choices we make. That's what defines us. Nothing else.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|[Jo to her mother] I knew there was mischief brewing. I felt it and now it's worse than I imagined. I just wish I could marry Meg myself, and keep her safe in the family.
Charles Darwin, The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals|Like a girl, a baby running after her mother, begging to be picked up, and she tugs on her skirts, holding her back as she tries to hurry off—all tears, fawning up at her, till she takes her in her arms… That’s how you look, Patroclus, streaming live tears.
Jon M. Huntsman Sr., Winners Never Cheat: Everyday Values We Learned as Children But May Have Forgotten|Wealth isn't always measured in dollar signs. We each have time, talent and creativity, all of which can be powerful forces for positive change. Share your blessings in whatever form they come and to whatever level you have been blessed.
Arvind Parashar|In failure, you begin to lose friends. In success, you lose most of them.
Robert Greene, Mastery|Song of myselfI am of old and young, of the foolish as much as the wise, Regardless of others, ever regardful of others, Maternal as well as paternal, a child as well as a man, Stuff'd with the stuff that is coarse and stuff'd with the stuff that is fine, One of the Nation of many nations, the smallest the same and the largest the same, A Southerner soon as a Northerner, a planter nonchalant and hospitable down by the Oconee I live, A Yankee bound my own way ready for trade, my joints the limberest joints on earth and the sternest joints on earth, A Kentuckian walking the vale of the Elkhorn in my deer-skin leggings, a Louisianian or Georgian, A boatman over lakes or bays or along coasts, a Hoosier, Badger, Buckeye; At home on Kanadian snow-shoes or up in the bush, or with fishermen off Newfoundland, At home in the fleet of ice-boats, sailing with the rest and tacking, At home on the hills of Vermont or in the woods of Maine, or the Texan ranch, Comrade of Californians, comrade of free North-Westerners, (loving their big proportions,) Comrade of raftsmen and coalmen, comrade of all who shake hands and welcome to drink and meat, A learner with the simplest, a teacher of the thoughtfullest, A novice beginning yet experient of myriads of seasons, Of every hue and caste am I, of every rank and religion, A farmer, mechanic, artist, gentleman, sailor, quaker, Prisoner, fancy-man, rowdy, lawyer, physician, priest. I resist any thing better than my own diversity, Breathe the air but leave plenty after me, And am not stuck up, and am in my place.
Robert Higgs|We know how the people of Argentina ruined their country. We know how the people of Venezuela ruined their country. Few Americans know much about the history of Argentina or Venezuela. But if they wish to know how the people of the USA are ruining their own country, all they have to do is look around themselves, including, in most cases, looking in the mirror.
Auliq Ice|Listening and showing you are there for someone is often more important than trying to find a "fix" for a problem. I wish there were more people who practice this.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|I was falling back again and fast, or maybe I’d never stopped feeling something for him. And it was still hopeless, but at least, I could touch him a little bit.
Robert F. Kennedy|History was safer than the news, because there was no question of how it would end. ~ "The Briefcase
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|The first thing others see is YOU—not your resume, background, or credentials. A picture is truly worth a thousand words and how you dress is the “picture” you provide for all the world to see.
Hermann Hesse|Happiness grows at our own firesides, and is not to be picked in strangers' gardens.
Nathan Myhrvold|Regardless of how it's done, transaction costs will continue to plummet as computers get more powerful. Low transaction costs are a wonderful thing if you're in the transaction business. They're wonderful for consumers too, making it cheaper and easier to buy things and creating new things to buy.
Eli Brown, Cinnamon and Gunpowder|Smeagol won't grub for roots and carrotses and - taters. What's taters,precious, eh, what's taters?""Po-ta-toes!" said Sam.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|I know that in the end you'll overwhelm me, but I'll still fight you as long as there's a breath in my body... Yes, you've robbed me of everything: the laurels of glory, the roses of love! But there's one thing you can't take away from me. When I go to meet God this evening, and doff my hat before the lofty gates, my salute will sweep the blue threshold of heaven, because I'll still have one thing intact, without a stain, something that I'll take with me in spite of you: My white plume.
Kate Klise, Trial by Journal|When you get in a snit, don't hit
Gregory Maguire, Lost|It was mild monsters like these that made Jack the Ripper go after young women, she decided: who could tolerate yielding the world to someone who behaved as if she had given birth to the very world herself?
Judith Thurman|Every dreamer knows that it is entirely possible to be homesick for a place you've never been to, perhaps more homesick than for familiar ground.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|And how do you know that you're mad? "To begin with," said the Cat, "a dog's not mad. You grant that?" I suppose so, said Alice. "Well then," the Cat went on, "you see a dog growls when it's angry, and wags it's tail when it's pleased. Now I growl when I'm pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry. Therefore I'm mad.
John Scalzi, Lock In|Rich people show their appreciation through favors. When everyone you know has more money than they know what to do with, money stops being a useful transactional tool. So instead you offer favors. Deals. Quid pro quos. Things that involve personal involvement rather than money. Because when you're that rich, your personal time is your limiting factor.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Personal struggles, mistakes, and perseverance are part of every person’s life story. A proper mindset can turn failure into a gift. Specific human qualities such as intelligence and adaptive skills can be cultivated through applied effort to assist a person overcome a resounding failure. Each person would be wise to ask how does a person cope – grapple – with failure? We derive strength from our struggles.
Terry Eagleton, How to Read Literature|Unhealthy families discourage individual expression. Everyone must conform to the thoughts and actions of the toxic parents. They promote fusion, a blurring of personal boundaries, a welding together of family members. On an unconscious level, it is hard for family members to know where one ends and another begins. In their efforts to be close, they often suffocate one another’s individuality.
Leo Tolstoy, Patriotism and Government|Patriotism, that least discerning of pas
Theresa Pecku-Laryea|Everybody walks to somewhere or everybody runs to somewhere simply because those somewheres don’t walk to us or don’t run to us! No struggle happens, no nothing happens!
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|Walk in the rain,smell flowers,stop along the way,build sandcastles,go on field trips,find out how things work,tell stories,say the magic words,trust the universe.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|What else can we do in the wilderness, than to wonder?
Max Tegmark, Our Mathematical Universe: My Quest for the Ultimate Nature of Reality|If our 14 billion year cosmic history were scaled to 1 year, then 100,000 years of human history would be 4 minutes, and a 100 year life would be 0.2 seconds.
Amy Poehler|You don’t have to be positive all the time. It’s perfectly okay to feel sad, angry, annoyed, frustrated, scared, or anxious. Having feelings doesn’t make you a ‘negative person.’ It makes you human.
Chanakya|Of our relation to all creation we can never know anything whatsoever. All is immensity and chaos. But, since all this knowledge of our limitations cannot possibly be of any value to us, it is better to ignore it in our daily conduct of life.
Debasish Mridha|The source of greatness lies in commitment, persistence, and perseverance.
Courtney Milan, Unclaimed|One mustn’t justify day-to-day morality with extraordinary circumstances. Otherwise, we would all feel free to rape and murder at the drop of a cat.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The first and second commandments are the only therapy the world has ever needed. “Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind . . . Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself” [Matthew 22:37, 39 KJV].
Lord Dunsany, The Curse Of The Wise Woman|The relevant question is not whether back then a few extraordinary individuals could overcome a system strongly weighted against them or whether today an admittedly far greater number requiring far less talent can succeed. The real question is whether it's harder for the people in this audience to succeed be they extraordinary, average, or below average. If it is, and I think it obvious that it is, then that's untenable in a country that purports to provide equal opportunity for all. Now of course you'll dispute my claim that it is more difficult to succeed for them. You say the battle's over. I say not only is it not over but you yourself are stationed on the frontline of the battle and have been all these years. This room and the criminal justice system as a whole is the frontline. This is where modern-day segregation lives on.
Allen Wheelis, How People Change|In a condition of struggle and of failure we must be able to say "I must try harder" or "I must try differently." Both views are essential . . . A change in either makes for a change in outcome. When we say "I must try harder" we mean that the most relevant variable is something within us - intention, will, determination, "meaning it" . . When we say "I must try differently" we mean that the most relevant variable lies in the situation within which intention is being exerted, that we should look to the environment, to the ways it pushes and pulls at us, and in this study find the means to alter that interaction.
Anita Hughes, Christmas in Paris|If you don't have love, you don't have anything at all.
DeWayne Owens|In order to get where you want to go in life, you have to Geeet!
Scott Adams|You're thinking I'm one of those wise-ass California vegetarians who is going to tell you that eating a few strips of bacon is bad for your health. I'm not. I say its a free country and you should be able to kill yourself at any rate you choose, as long as your cold dead body is not blocking my driveway.
Michael Chabon, The Yiddish Policemen's Union|He lay in his stony crypt like his own corpse, hardly breathing, his heart hardly beating - and yet lived as intensively and dissolutely as ever a rake had lived in the wide world outside.
Loren Eiseley, The Star Thrower|From a philosophical point of view, Leibniz's most interesting argument was that absolute space conflicted with what he called the principle of the identity of indiscernibles (PII). PII says that if two objects are indiscernible, then they are identical, i.e. they are really one and the same object. What does it mean to call two objects indiscernible? It means that no difference at all can be found between them--they have exactly the same attributes. So if PII is true, then any two genuinely distinct objects must differ in at least one of their attributes--otherwise they would be one, not two. PII is intuitively quite compelling. It certainly is not easy to find an example of two distinct objects that share all their attributes. Even two mass-produced factory goods will normally differ in innumerable ways, even if the differences cannot be detected with the naked eye.Leibniz asks us to imagine two different universes, both containing exactly the same objects. In Universe One, each object occupies a particular location in absolute space.In Universe Two, each object has been shifted to a different location in absolute space, two miles to the east (for example). There would be no way of telling these two universes apart. For we cannot observe the position of an object in absolute space, as Newton himself admitted. All we can observe are the positions of objects relative to each other, and these would remain unchanged--for all objects are shifted by the same amount. No observations or experiments could ever reveal whether we lived in universe One or Two.
Joanna Newsom|The thing that I was experiencing and dwelling on the entire time is that there are so many things that are not OK and that will never be OK again. But there’s also so many things that are OK and good that sometimes it makes you crumple over with being alive. We are allowed such an insane depth of beauty and enjoyment in this lifetime. It’s what my dad talks about sometimes. He says the only way that he knows there’s a God is that there’s so much gratuitous joy in this life. And that’s his only proof. There’s so many joys that do not assist in the propagation of the race or self-preservation. There’s no point whatsoever. They are so excessively, mind-bogglingly joy-producing that they distract from the very functions that are supposed to promote human life. They can leave you stupefied, monastic, not productive in any way, shape or form. And those joys are there and they are unflagging and they are ever-growing. And still there are these things that you will never be able to feel OK about–unbearably awful, sad, ugly, unfair things.
Bruno Schulz|And then as the knives and forks began to clank softly above the white tablecloths, the violins would rise alone, now suddenly mature although tentative and unsure just a short while before; slim and narrow-waisted, they eloquently proceeded with their task, took up again the lost human cause, and pleaded before the indifferent tribunal of stars, now set in a sky on which the shapes of the instruments floated like water signs or fragments of keys, unfinished lyres or swans, an imitatory, thoughtless starry commentary on the margin of music.
|Sometimes, some people wonder why they have too many enemies, but when you look closely at the way that they treat others, you would clearly see the main reason behind it. Have respect for yourself and others, and you wouldn't have to worry about having a million enemies.
Peggy Haymes, Strugglers, Stragglers and Seekers: daily devotions for the rest of us|If you think something’s too hard, it will be. If you think it’s just not possible or not possible for you, then you’ll probably be right. If you think it can’t be done then you’re not the person to do it. Because you’ll fail.
J.A. Saare|One may picture, too, the sudden shifting of the attention, the swiftly spreading coils and bellyings of that blackness advancing headlong, towering heavenward, turning the twilight to a palpable darkness, a strange and horrible antagonist of vapour striding upon its victims, men and horses near it seen dimly, running, shrieking, falling headlong, shouts of dismay, the guns suddenly abandoned, men choking and writhing on the ground, and the swift broadening-out of the opaque cone of smoke. And then night and extinction – nothing but a silent mass of impenetrable vapour hiding its dead.
John Donne, No man is an island – A selection from the prose|No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were: any man's death diminishes me, because I am involved in mankind, and therefore never send to know for whom the bells tolls; it tolls for thee.
Russell Crowe|I want to make movies that pierce people's hearts and touch them in some way, even if it's just for the night while they're in the cinema; in that moment, I want to bring actual tears to their eyes and goosebumps to their skin.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|They laughed too, even Rose Dear shook her head and smiled, and suddenly the world was right side up. Violet learned then what she had forgotten until this moment: that laughter is serious. More complicated, more serious than tears.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, A Glimpse of Eternal Snows: A Journey of Love and Loss in the Himalayas|The Chinese say that there is no scenery in your home town. They’re right. Being in another place heightens the senses, allows you to see more, enjoy more, take delight in small things; it makes life richer. You feel more alive, less cocooned.
Alan Turing|The isolated man does not develop any intellectual power. It is necessary for him to be immersed in an environment of other men, whose techniques he absorbs during the first twenty years of his life. He may then perhaps do a little research of his own and make a very few discoveries which are passed on to other men. From this point of view the search for new techniques must be regarded as carried out by the human community as a whole, rather than by individuals.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The most fragile, unhappy people destine themselves to live lives of constantly reminding themselves to be happy.
C.G. Faulkner, Undaunted|I am of course lost in this journey I'm on, but I do remain confident, though I am lost it will be a great adventure, this adventure will surpass my wildest imagination. so call me a fool, but I'm happy to be lost.
Damian Lewis|Ubuntu is doing amazing things, and I think it's going to change the face of the desktop.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition is a sense of knowing how to act spontaneously, without needing to know why.
Shelly Mazzanoble, Everything I Need to Know I Learned from Dungeons & Dragons - One Woman's Quest to Trade Self-Help for Elf-Help|Mothers are like dungeons. Some really stink and you'll do anything to avoid them. And some are lush sanctuaries filled with gold, jewels, and butterscotch schnapps-spiked Nestle Nesquik.
Sylvia Alice Earle|There's something missing in how we inform the youngsters coming along about what matters in the world. We teach them the letters and numbers, but we fail to inform them about the importance of our connection with the living world
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|Whatever his secret was, I have learnt one secret too, and namely: that the soul is but a manner of being -- not a constant state -- that any soul may be yours, if you find and follow its undulations. The hereafter may be the full ability of consciously living in any chosen soul, in any number of souls, all of them unconscious of their interchangeable burden.
Richard Ford, A Multitude of Sins|Someone ... tell us what's important, because we no longer know.
Clay Shirky, Cognitive Surplus: Creativity and Generosity in a Connected Age|Though we loved school, we hadn't realized how important education was until the Taliban tried to stop us. Going to school, reading and doing our homework wasn't just a way of passing time, it was our future.
Harry V. Jaffa|Yet basically, libertarians are for freedom and liberty forindividuals, while recognizing that in order to be free we must also beprotected. Your freedom to swing your arms ends at my nose.
Alan Lightman|Something else gets under your skin, keeps you working days and nights at the sacrifice of your sleeping and eating and attention to your family and friends, something beyond the love of puzzle solving. And that other force is the anticipation of understanding something about the world that no one has ever understood before you.Einstein wrote that when he first realized that gravity was equivalent to acceleration -- an idea that would underlie his new theory of gravity -- it was the "happiest thought of my life." On projects of far smaller weight, I have experienced that pleasure of discovering something new. It is an exquisite sensation, a feeling of power, a rush of the blood, a sense of living forever. To be the first vessel to hold this new thing.All of the scientists I've known have at least one more quality in common: they do what they do because they love it, and because they cannot imagine doing anything else. In a sense, this is the real reason a scientist does science. Because the scientist must. Such a compulsion is both blessing and burden. A blessing because the creative life, in any endeavor, is a gift filled with beauty and not given to everyone, a burden because the call is unrelenting and can drown out the rest of life.This mixed blessing and burden must be why the astrophysicist Chandrasekhar continued working until his mid-80's, why a visitor to Einstein's apartment in Bern found the young physicist rocking his infant with one hand while doing mathematical calculations with the other. This mixed blessing and burden must have been the "sweet hell" that Walt Whitman referred to when he realized at a young age that he was destined to be a poet. "Never more," he wrote, "shall I escape.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Who set Rome on fire? The man we must admire. For killing his wife, and taking the life of mother and brother and so many others, while plucking his damnable lyre.
Shellie Palmer, The Poetry Diaries: The Journey Collection|So much of who I was then I'm not today, I've changed for the better through the years, I've grown spiritually. I look at people differently, everyone is unique in their own special way
Kingsley Amis, Lucky Jim|Doing what you wanted to do was the only training, and the only preliminary, needed for doing more of what you wanted to do.
Noam Chomsky, The Essential Chomsky|The only debatable issue, it seems to me, is whether it is more ridiculous to turn to experts in social theory for general well-confirmed propositions, or to the specialists in the great religions and philosophical systems for insights into fundamental human values.
Shel Silverstein|The VoiceThere is a voice inside of youThat whispers all day long,"I feel this is right for me,I know that this is wrong."No teacher, preacher, parent, friendOr wise man can decideWhat's right for you--just listen toThe voice that speaks inside.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|We all - whether naturalists, atheists, Buddhists, or Christians - see the world through the grid of an interpretive framework - and ultimately this interpretive framework is religious in nature, even if not allied with a particular institutional religion.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Universe in a Single Atom: The Convergence of Science and Spirituality|The theory of emptiness…is the deep recognition that there is a fundamental disparity between the way we perceive the world, including our own existence in it, and the way things actually are.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you swim with sharks, make sure you have the appetite of a whale.
Rachel Caine, Ink and Bone|There are three parts to learning: information, knowledge and wisdom, A mere accumulation of information is not knowledge, and a treasure of knowledge is not in itself, wisdom.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|You are a blue rose, Letti. Itâ€™s almost impossible that you exist amongst the other roses but you do. You bring wonder to those who are lucky enough to find you. The blue rose is lonely, lost and awaits someone special to believe in them; the same feeling I got from you the day we met. Blue roses are incomprehensible and mysterious. And so are you.
Brandon Sanderson, The Emperor's Soul|Miles smiled. "Can you keep a secret?"Bea snorted. "Did I tell you what you were in for if you married my daughter?""No," Miles conceded."Well, then," she said, as if that settled the matter.
Laura Hanna|For the first time in my life, I actually wished that everyone was the same. And I despised myself for my "differentness" or "uniqueness" as an individual. In the world there are lots of social groups people can fit into, and I've spent time roaming in and out of a few and being kicked out of many. Now I stand on the outside and look in. Wondering where is my place. Coming to a conclusion, I have no place.
Dick Francis, 10 lb Penalty|The facts are always frightening, and in all of us fear of the facts is constantly at work, constantly being fuelled; but this morbid fear must not lead us to conceal the facts and so to falsify the whole of human history -- which is of course part of natural history -- and pass it on in falsified form just because it is customary to do so, when we know that all history is falsified and always transmitted in falsified form.
Dennis Crowley|I have this obsession with really cool, old books.
Miriam Gurko, The Ladies of Seneca Falls: the Birth of the Women's Rights Movement|Almost from the beginning, Lucy Stone had run-ins with the established code of female propriety. Every Sunday morning the students had to sit through a long chapel service. Lucy, who suffered from headaches, took her hat off one morning. She was charged by the Ladies' Board, which supervised the manners and morals of the coeds, with violating the Bible's teach that women must keep their heads covered in church.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|A government always finds itself obliged to resort to inflationary measures when it cannot negotiate loans and dare not levy taxes, because it has reason to fear that it will forfeit approval of the policy it is following if it reveals too soon the financial and general economic consequences of that policy. Thus inflation becomes the most important psychological resource of any economic policy whose consequences have to be concealed; and so in this sense it can be called an instrument of unpopular, i.e. of anti-democratic, policy, since by misleading public opinion it makes possible the continued existence of a system of government that would have no hope of the consent of the people if the circumstances were clearly laid before them. That is the political function of inflation. It explains why inflation has always been an important resource of policies of war and revolution and why we also find it in the service of socialism.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|If you can't show it, you don't know it.
David Levithan, Every Day|There are friends, but they are people to spend time with, not people to share time with. There's a false beast that takes the form of instinct and harps on the pointlessness of everything that happens.
Wiz Khalifa|You don't have to be a certain thing to be cool. If you're white, you don't have to act black or whatever. Just be you and know who you are.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Every November of my boyhood, we put on red poppies and attended highly patriotic services in remembrance of those who had 'given' their lives. But on what assurance did we know that these gifts had really been made? Only the survivors—the living—could attest to it. In order to know that a person had truly laid down his life for his friends, or comrades, one would have to hear it from his own lips, or at least have heard it promised in advance. And that presented another difficulty. Many brave and now dead soldiers had nonetheless been conscripts. The known martyrs—those who actually, voluntarily sought death and rejoiced in the fact—had been the kamikaze pilots, immolating themselves to propitiate a 'divine' emperor who looked (as Orwell once phrased it) like a monkey on a stick. Their Christian predecessors had endured torture and death (as well as inflicted it) in order to set up a theocracy. Their modern equivalents would be the suicide murderers, who mostly have the same aim in mind. About people who set out to lose their lives, then, there seems to hang an air of fanaticism: a gigantic sense of self-importance unattractively fused with a masochistic tendency to self-abnegation. Not whol
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|When two warring people face each other, the war of words jumps beyond the subject. The subject remains no more central to the arguments.
JoAnn Spears|I said to my mother, Henry VII is interesting. No he's not, my mother said.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I am better able to imagine hell than heaven; it is my inheritance, I suppose.
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|94 was a good year to be twelve. Star Wars still had two more years as Box Office King, cartoons were still hand-drawn, and the Disney "D" still looked like a backwards "G." Words like "Columbine," "Al Qaeda" and "Y2K" were not synonymous with "terror," and 9-1-1 was an emergency number instead of a date. At twelve years old, summer still mattered. Monarch caterpillars still crawled beneath every milkweed leaf. Dandelions (or "wishes" as Mara called them) were flowers instead of pests. And divorce was still considered a tragedy. Before Mara, carnivals didn't make me sick.
Santosh Kalwar|Nobody can stop natural disaster, we are the cause and we are the remedy.
Sherman Alexie|As a child, I read because books–violent and not, blasphemous and not, terrifying and not–were the most loving and trustworthy things in my life. I read widely, and loved plenty of the classics so, yes, I recognized the domestic terrors faced by Louisa May Alcott’s March sisters. But I became the kid chased by werewolves, vampires, and evil clowns in Stephen King’s books. I read books about monsters and monstrous things, often written with monstrous language, because they taught me how to battle the real monsters in my life.And now I write books for teenagers because I vividly remember what it felt like to be a teen facing everyday and epic dangers. I don’t write to protect them. It’s far too late for that. I write to give them weapons–in the form of words and ideas-that will help them fight their monsters. I write in blood because I remember what it felt like to bleed.
Scott Hahn, Lord, Have Mercy: The Healing Power of Confession|As we grow detached from things, we come (with God's help) to master our desires, and we give the mastery over to God. Discipline and divine grace heal the intellect and the will of the effects of concupiscence. We can begin to see things clearly.
Heath Ledger|After two months of horrible computer problems, I had concluded that the free Windows 10 installation was an unreliable lobotomized operating system as compared to Windows 7 on a 2011 HP G72-B50US laptop computer.
Michael  Grant, Plague|You know because you’ve been it, and I know because I’m dead and it gives one such a wonderfully uncluttered perspective.
Phoebe Tonkin|I've always been intrigued by color and by interesting hair. I was one of those weird little girls doing my own hair at the age of 9. I was, like, getting weird gels and new brushes and cornrow holders. I would tweak and perm at the age of 13.
Sunday Adelaja|Transformational tools enhance one's clarity, competence, compassion, and empower you to achieve anything that seems impossible to you and others.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Vision|Every person is born for a reason, you really need to know yours.
Vanessa Paradis|I think all musicians have at one time or another experienced one physical problem or another. I have had tendinitis a couple of times, so I try to be really careful. It takes patience and persistence to overcome injury.
Maitha Alshamsi|Life is not steady, you'll be happy at times, sad at time's, all we have to do is be patient, for a moment of happiness is worth a thousand moments of sadness and dread.
Erik Pevernagie|When our consciousness has become a haven of illusions, our mind may have a hard time to fight the maze in our thinking. Only anchor points from our past and the innocence of our childhood might give back the core of what we are. (“Not without the past”)
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Sin is its own punishment, devouring you from the inside. It's not my purpose to punish it; it's my joy to cure it.
Julie Orringer, The Invisible Bridge|Cease, daughter!" said the priest at last in a trembling voice. "I cannot grant absolution, no priest could...
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|Cooking is great, but the meal that has been prepared for you with love is the best.
Debasish Mridha|When fear is the disease, faith and confidences are the medicine.
Vironika Tugaleva|The greatest tool of self-love is self-awareness. Once you truly know yourself, love is the only option.
Tim Scott|You just don't have the time to worry about what others are doing. You just want to take care of your own business. You are focused on that tee shot on the 10th tee and making it to the finish line. It's one of the most stressful moments in professional golf, but you have worked so hard to get to that point, that it really is fun.
Louis Sachar|The best morals kids get from any book is just the capacity to empathize with other people, to care about the characters and their feelings. So you don't have to write a preachy book to do that. You just have to make it a fun book with characters they care about, and they will become better people as a result.
Janet Taylor Lisle, Afternoon of the Elves|If you don't believe it's elves, that's your problem. I know it's elves.
Joyce Meyer|Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
Amy Zhang|He embraced his weirdness, and it was nice.
Laini Taylor|If I propose to myself and myself says yes, I get to have the cake, right? I love me, so I’m thinking 12 tiers.
Nathaniel Branden|The idea of original sin--of guilt with no possibility of innocence, no freedom of choice, no alternatives--inherently militates against self-esteem. The very notion of guilt without volition or responsibility is an assault on reason as well as on morality. Sin is not original, it is originated--like virtue.
Ashton Eaton|I remember growing up, having sports to go to, having recess, those were the things I looked forward to. Yes, I'm an athlete, but I had buddies who weren't, and they looked forward to it, too.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Choosing a path meant having to miss out on others. She had a whole life to live, and she was always thinking that, in the future, she might regret the choices she made now. “I’m afraid of committing myself,” she thought to herself. She wanted to follow all possible paths and so ended up following none. Even in that most important area of her life, love, she had failed to commit herself. After her first romantic disappointment, she had never again given herself entirely. She feared pan, loss, and separation. These things were inevitable on the path to love, and the only way of avoiding them was by deciding not to take that path at all. In order not to suffer, you had to renounce love. It was like putting out your own eyes not to see the bad things in life.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The system that aims at educating our boys and girls in the same manner as in the circus where the trainer teaches the lion to sit on a stool, has not understood the true meaning of education itself. Instead of being like a circus where the trainer uses his stick to make animals do stunts to serve the interest of the audience, the system of education should be like an Orchestra where the conductor waves his stick to orchestrate the music already within the musicians’ heart in the most beautiful manner. The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
Chesty Puller|Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion.
Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me|The Word says God put ever star in the heavens and even give ever one of em a name. If one of em was gon' fall out the sky, that was up to Him, too. Maybe we can't see where it's gon' wind up, be He can.
Geoffry Botkin|In the New Testament, God's steadfast love and faithfulness are seen, not in an act of deliverance from foreign enemies, but in sending the Son and raising Him from the dead to enact a global rescue mission (Romans 8:3.) Jesus is God's supreme, grand, climactic act of faithfulness. Not only that, but "faithful" also describes Jesus. Paul writes, "We know that a person is justified not by the works of the law but in faith in Jesus Christ" (Galations 2:16...). A better reading is "faithfulness of Jesus Christ" -- which is found in footnotes of many Bibles -- and the two readings couldn't be more different... Paul isn't saying, "You are not justified by your efforts but by your faith." The contrast he's making isn't between two options we have; the contrast is between your efforts and Jesus' faithfulness to you, shown in His obedient death on a Roman cross. Paul is interested in telling readers what Jesus did, Jesus' faithfulness, not what we do. God's grand act of faithfulness is giving His son for our sake. God is all in. Jesus' grand act of faithfulness is going through with it for our sake. Jesus is all in. Now it's our move, which really is the point of all this. Like God the Father and God the Son, we are also called to be faithful. On one level, we are faithful to God when we trust God, but faith (pistis) doesn't stop there. It extends, as we've seen, in faithfulness toward each other, in humility and self-sacrificial love. And here is the real kick in the pants: When we are faithful to each other like this, we are more than simply being nice and kind -- though there's that. Far more important, when we are faithful to each other, we are, at that moment, acting like the faithful God and the faithful Son. Being like God. That's the goal. And we are most like God, not when we are certain we are right about God, or when we tell others how right we are, but when we are acting toward one another like the faithful Father and Son. Humility, love, and kindness are our grand acts of faithfulness and how we show that we are all in.
Savitri Devi|Cancer... the process of creation gone wild, I thought.
Gordon Brown|If I got too famous, I'd just quit acting, but I think it's highly unlikely I'm going to get really famous.
Aysha Taryam|Impressionable young students must be given true examples of the Arab woman through her own words. When I say students I do not mean young girls alone for in order to raise a generation that truly believes in gender equality it is the young boys that have to listen first, those boys who will grow up to have female rivals at every stage of their professional careers. In order to foster greater respect for their future interactions as equals at par with each other in every way we must introduce them both to those female thinkers, those female warriors who have fought to create a distinct voice, that voice that emanates from an agony, a sense of injustice and suffocation from years of silence, that no male thinker, no matter how great, can mimic.
Ben Bernanke|Liberals want the government to get bigger, and they want you to drive smaller cars, and they want to dictate the way you live.
A.M.L|You're not to be around people who understand your weaknesses, but rather those will not put you in circumstances that bring out your weaknesses. It's basic logic that your weakness is another person's strength or opportunity.
Avis J. Williams, The Psychic Mind: A Practical Guide to Psychic Development & Spiritual Growth|respond rather than react to situations, people or environment. Let go of limiting emotions such as fear, frustration and anger and start to express your emotions to others, this is essential to a healthy wellbeing.
e. e. cummings|Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
Meghan O'Rourke|Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food.
Frank Ocean|No, I don't like you, I just thought you were cute enough to kiss you.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Even if we all want you here, you don't belong until you decide you do.
Emily Dickinson|We never know how high we areTill we are called to rise;And then, if we are true to plan,Our statures touch the skies.The heroism we reciteWould be a daily thing,Did not ourselves the cubits warpFor fear to be a king.
Paul Auster, In the Country of Last Things|I've been trying to fit everything in, trying to get to the end before it's too late, but I see now how badly I've deceived myself. Words do not allow such things. The closer you come to the end, the more there is to say. The end is only imaginary, a destination you invent to keep yourself going, but a point comes when you realize you will never get there. You might have to stop, but that is only because you have run out of time. You stop, but that does not mean you have come to an end.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|Ask any successfully married couple what keeps their relationship alive and they will tell you, "interest." It's as simple as that.
Meraaqi, Divine Trouble|I want topeel away all the labelsI had once given to othersand place themupon the fabricof my own identity.They have reflected back to me,everything that I refuseto See in myself.
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|I'd love to know how Dad saw me when I was 6. I'd love to know a hundred things. When a parent dies, a filing cabinet full of all the fascinating stuff also ceases to exist. I never imagined how hungry I'd be one day to look inside it.
Kevyn Aucoin|Don't waste your time complaining, use your energy to create a solution. Even a 10% resolution is progress.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|[D]on’t cling to your self-righteous suffering, let it go. . . . Nothing is too good to be true, let yourself be forgiven. To the degree you insist that you must suffer, you insist on the suffering of others as well. (90)
Adam Aksara, Blessed Heart|Some people love you for a reason, some people hate you for no reason... Yet I am still me and you are still you.
Sara Blakely|I don't think punk ever really dies, because punk rock attitude can never die.
Richard J. Foster|When someone is happy and satisfied with himself and things around him, divine grace resides at his face.
Matt      Chandler|In intimate conversation I am as supportive and positive as the next man, but gatherings of happy people make me miserable. I long to share in the collective joy, but instead I am racked with anxiety.
Mark Dunn, Under the Harrow|There is indeed power in words. Most of the lasting change that has been forged in the history of this world came not from a wielding of the swift and bloody sword of battle but from the shaping scalpel of ideas, and what are ideas without the words to deliver them?
Pete Townshend, Who I Am|Being a 'potential mate' was something rather different and much more complicated. It was when two people had the potential to become like one person, knowing each other's moods and feelings in a way no one else could. Being aware of their presence in a crowded room was just one example. If they were sad or angry, their mate would sense it to a point of feeling the emotion themselves.
Dominic Owen Mallary|Our lives are mere flashes of light in an infinitely empty universe. In 12 years of education the most important lesson I have learned is that what we see as “normal” living is truly a travesty of our potential. In a society so governed by superficiality, appearances, and petty economics, dreams are more real than anything anything in the “real world”. Refuse normalcy. Beauty is everywhere, love is endless, and joy bleeds from our everyday existence. Embrace it. I love all of you, all my friends, family, and community. I am ceaselessly grateful from the bottom of my heart for everyone. The only thing I can ask of you is to stay free of materialism. Remember that every day contains a universe of potential; exhaust it. Live and love so immensely that when death comes there is nothing left for him to take. Wealth is love, music, sports, learning, family and freedom. Above all, stay gold.
Eileen Anglin|All of our relationships and our interactions, the life affirming ones and the challenging ones, show us how far we have come and where we still need to go.
T.H. White, England Have My Bones|He fancied himself on his humanity towards animals, as so many people do who are inhuman to their fellow men...
John Ortberg Jr., The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You|God is so immense that if he were 'too visible,' people would give forced compliance without expressing their heart. So God made it possible, in enormous love, for us to live as if he were not there.
Jessa Johansson|While other girls were blurry, displaying cracks or, at the very least, seams — ripped jeans, coffee-stained T-shirts, hair that poufed up in the rain — Sophia always looked sharp, clear, as if the resolution had been turned up on a microscope and angled straight at her, as if the money had formed a kind of shrink wrap that kept her protected from the normal destruction of the everyday.
M. L. Stedman - The Light Between Oceans|The isolation spins its mysterious cocoon, focusing the mind on one place, one time, one rhythm - the turning of the light. The island knows no other human voices, no other footprints. On the Offshore Lights you can live any story you want to tell yourself, and no one will say you're wrong: not the seagulls, not the prisms, not the wind.
Walter E. Williams|He who in given cases consents to obey his fellows with servility, and who submits his will, and even his thoughts, to their control, how can he pretend that he wishes to be free?
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|When we asked him to sum up his impression of the girls' emotional state at that point, he said, "Buffeted but not broken.
Winston S. Churchill|Kites rise highest against the wind, not with it.
Hannah Whitall Smith|Most Christians are like a man who was toiling along the road, bending under a heavy burden, when a wagon overtook him. The driver kindly offered to help him on his journey. He joyfully accepted the offer but, when he was seated, continued to bend beneath his burden, which he still kept on his shoulders. "Why do you not lay down your burden?" asked the kind-hearted driver. "Oh!" replied the man, "I feel that it is almost too much to ask you to carry me, and I could not think of letting you carry my burden too." And so Christian who have given themselves into the care and keeping of the Lord Jesus still continue to bend beneath the weight of their burdens and often go weary and heavy-laden throughout the whole length of their journey.
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|The lampstand was position strategically to do one things: cast its light on the table and on the bread that represented God's provision and presence. For generations the lampstand of the tabernacle stood to highlight the object that best represented God's goodness and provision, the same object that Jesus would one day use to symbolize His own body. (Jesus compares church to a lampstand in Revelation- a strong reminder of the church's responsibility). Everything about these churches 0 their teaching, practices, and work-- was challenged for one reason in Revelation: They were losing their effectiveness as God's light to their communities.
Iris van de Voort|Oh, death in space was most humorous.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|So often, the discarded love of youth is desperately yearned for in maturity.
Yangsze Choo, The Ghost Bride|He could understand that the creatures, the fish and the owls, should feed and frolic at moon-rise, at moon-down and at south-moon-over, for these were all plain marks to go by, direct and visible. He marvelled, padding on bare feet past the slat-fence of the clearing, that the moon was so strong that when it lay the other side of the earth, the creatures felt it and stirred by the hour it struck. The moon was far away, unseen, and it had power to move them.
Craig McCracken|It's cool to be a part of recovery. This is just who I am, this is what I write about, what I do, and most of my work has been a reflection of what I've been going through in one way or another.
Jens Christian Grøndahl|There were two options—call the foul or don't—and either way, he would lose, but there was a thrill here in this moment when actual combat might have replaced the shadowboxing he'd been doing for months now with every last person he loved.
Alexander McKenzie|All the blessings God has prepared for us, His children, are received through our prayers
Marquis de Sade, The 120 Days of Sodom and Other Writings|Beauty belongs to the sphere of the simple, the ordinary, whilst ugliness is something extraordinary, and there is no question but that every ardent imagination prefers in lubricity, the extraordinary to the commonplace
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|When one makes you happy, the other makes you worried. Its just a balancing phenomena. So be the same person what ever the situation you are in.
Susan Cain|Humans have a propensity to oppose things when it is not their idea and they had no input, or simply because it was initiated by those whom they dislike.
Robert Gately|Hate is never an option for a truth seeker. It binds, stifles, constipates and causes the gears of philosophical progress to come to a grinding halt. From Fillossofee: Messages From a Grandfather - an ebook
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|still, what could i say? that i didn't just feel depressed - instead, it was like the depression was the core of me, of every part of me, from my mind to my bones? that if he got blue, i got black? that i hated those pills so much, because i knew how much i relied on them to live?
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Empowerment includes growth mindset, positive thinking, acceptance of new challenge, learning and positive self-image.
G.M. Mes, Now-Men And Tomorrow-Men: Why We Are Not Equal?|For the minority, what else is democracy than dictatorship?
Zane Grey|Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Firas Alkhateeb, Lost Islamic History: Reclaiming Muslim Civilisation from the Past|The world's oldest university, University of Karaouin, was established by a Muslim woman in Fez, Morocco in 859
Elizabeth Goudge, Gentian Hill|Water, wind and birdsong were the echoes in this quiet place of a great chiming symphony that was surging around the world. Knee-deep in grasses and moon daisies, Stella stood and listened, swaying a little as the flowers and trees were swaying, her spirit voice singing loudly, though her lips were still, and every pulse in her body beating its hammer strokes in time to the song.
Olga Ilyin|Eventually I lost interest in trying to control my life  to make things happen in a way that I thought I wanted them to be. I began to practice surrendering to the universe and finding out what "it" wanted me to do.
Terry Pratchett|As a creative person, you just put something out into the consciousness of the society you live in.
John Ruskin|I started a youth center in Houston. The kids would come in and want to learn to box; they wanted to tear up the world, beat up the world. And I'd try to show them they didn't need anger. They didn't need all that killing instinct they'd read about. You can be a human being and pursue boxing as a sport.
Ellen Kenner, Selfish Path to Romance: How to Love With Passion & Reason, Inspired by Ayn Rand|She knew nothing of Ren except his name, his aptitude with vocabulary, the fact that he wasn’t in college, and the way his hair narrowed to a curling point at the nape of his neck. And she hadn’t even realized she knew that last thing until now.
Kirsten Miller, How to Lead a Life of Crime|It’s just another notch in the good ol’ fucked up, modern America belt.
Stanisław Lem, The Futurological Congress: From the Memoirs of Ijon Tichy|I love jewelry because, no matter how much weight I gain or lose, it always fits.Sorry I'm not notable person, but this quote got a lot of "Likes" on Facebook.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|When a kingdom rests on it, I always expect difficulty. Then, if there is none, no blame. But if there is, one is prepared.
Abigail Lazo|All you have to do is to open your mind, do not be too hopeless instead stand with your feets and have faith that all things will be alright.
Campbell Brown|It is a very busy mission: every day has some major goals that we have to get through, but my experience before has been that at least in the evening, you kind of take a deep breath and look around where you are and have some downtime.
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|opting to complain, life gives you things to complain aboutthis vicious circle ensures your happiness droughtlife responds to us according to our actions and beliefthus reinforcing those beliefs to no reliefthere is no first cause—still, break the cycleabide in peaceful Silence or experience an inner hell“others” are often a reflecting mirror shining backrevealing to us what loads are left to unstackwhat are friends for but a means to practice kindnessand for fortifying the ego’s belief in disconnectednesspeople cater to me according to my own natureso they are me—there is no individual self, rest assuredtweak your thoughts about her and she then treats you thusall minds are one, and all is illusory, as priorly discussedshe is you, and you, herthe shroud of separateness shall now henceforth witherlook back at your life’s recurring patterns and themesand the façade of the ego will start to crack at the seamsuntranscended mindsets follow wherever we gothe common denominator is what your mind has sownthat which supports life is automatically supportedthe get-gain-obtain mentality can be safely aborted
Mary Berry|And my only rule being if when I wake in the morning I'm looking forward to the things that I have to do that day, then I'm on the right track.
Stefan Molyneux|If you want kids, choose your girlfriend like your future child has the deciding vote.
Buzz Osborne|My dad instilled in me a great sense of humor. I wasn't bullied at school because my outward attitude was confident, and that helps.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|Timmy has no intention of going on the trip. He has never been on a sightseeing tour before and according to him, he is never going on one, end of discussion. Who wants to see a stupid planet called Earth, anyway?
Dada Bhagwan|The world believes ‘asakti’ [infatuation, attraction of atoms] to be love and (then) become confused. Woman has some work from men and men has some work from women. All this has arisen because of work (expectations). If work does not get completed, all within will complain and form an attack. Not for even a second has anyone become one’s own. Only the Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] will become yours. That is why the Lord has said, ‘Every living being is an orphan’.
Ezra Taft Benson|The pitching coach was bugged by the author's technique because he had never seen anyone do it before, and besides, it wasn't the coach's idea.
Alexander Hamilton|All cartoon characters and fables must be exaggeration, caricatures. It is the very nature of fantasy and fable.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|So, Mary is on fire with both love and awareness, for these two together increase each other into sacred passion. She defies all custom, seizes the moment, rushes in, and, full of reverence, washes His feet with her tears and anoints His head with precious spikenard oil.
Genevieve Dewey, The Good Life|You do realize that getting down on one knee generally refers to a proposal, right?” Sidneycontinued. “A marriage proposal?”His eyes, a warm green-gold, daringly held hers as he softly sang the next line of the song. “‘Yousmiled . . . and then the spell was cast.’”Okay, he pretty much just melted her heart right there.
Shahrazad al-Khalij|And I'm ill with the thought of your kiss, coffee-laced intoxicating on her lips... shut it out, I've got no claim on you now, I'm not allowed to wear you freedom down
Mehmet Murat ildan|Some will and some won't, some do and some don't. If you won't and you don't, then you have no one else to blame. If you will and you do, the world will beat a path to your doorstep…
Max Lucado, Grace for the Moment|Seems to me-" Lee said, feeling for the words, "seems to me the place you fight cruelty is where you find it, and the place you give help is where you see it needed....
Nora Ephron, I Feel Bad about My Neck: And Other Thoughts on Being a Woman|Oh, how I regret not having worn a bikini for the entire year I was twenty-six. If anyone young is reading this, go, right this minute, put on a bikini, and don't take it off until you're thirty-four.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|We all have same beginning (BIRTH), and we will have same ending (DEATH). So how different can we be?
Nick Vujicic|Today, each of you will make a decision,” Caine said. “To go with Sam, or to stay here. I won’t try to stop anyone, and I won’t hold it against anyone.” He placed his hand over his heart. “For those who choose to stay, let me be very clear: I will be in charge. Not as a mayor, but as a king. My word will be law. My decisions will be final.”That caused some murmuring, most of it unhappy.“But I’ll also do everything I can to leave each of you alone. Quinn, if he chooses to stay, can still fish. Albert, if he chooses to stay, will still run his business. Freaks and normals will be treated equally.”He seemed about to add something else but caught himself after a sidelong look at Toto.The silence lengthened and Sam knew it was time for him to speak. In the past he’d always had Astrid at his side for things like this. He was not much of a speaker. And in any case, he didn’t have much to say.“Anyone who goes with me has a vote in how we do stuff. I guess I’ll be more or less in charge, but we’ll probably choose some other people, create a council like . . . Well, hopefully better than we had before. And, um . . .” He was tempted to laugh at his own pitiful performance. “Look, people, if you want someone, some . . . king, good grief, to tell you what to do, stay here. If you want to make more of your own decisions, well, come with me.”He hadn’t said enough to even cause Toto to comment.“You know which side I’m on, people,” Brianna yelled. “Sam’s been carrying the load since day one.”“It was Caine that saved us,” a voice cried out. “Where was Sam?”The crowd seemed undecided. Caine was beaming confidence, but Sam noticed that his jaw clenched, his smile was forced, and he was worried.
Tom Standage|You’re chicken, she told herself, snapping her seat belt. This is America, you live in it, you let it happen. Let it unfurl.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Mmmmmnobaconeggsgottagostore…” She slowly ran her hand down his forearm and gave him a sleepy smile as she sat up. Her eyes remained closed as she rested her hand on his shoulder and before he could realize her intention or even remember his manners and stop her, her mouth was on his in a kiss that was so soft and sweet Alessandro could do nothing but fall into it with her.
Robin Williams|It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, Can never know what true friendship means.
Mohith Agadi|If people call your work perceptible, be it in positive or negative terms, do ask them about what made them draw that conclusion.
Kate Middleton|If you are able to see the interrelatedness of mind and body, sensitivity towards your body becomes much sharper. Therefore, maintaining of good health also becomes easier.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|To the ordinary, opposite, means hatred. Every person sees themselves as love. To the extraordinary, opposite means opportunity.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|He grinned. “I was trying to remember all the deadly sins the other day,” he said. “Greed,envy, gluttony, irony, pedantry…”“I’m pretty sure irony isn’t a deadly sin.”“I’m pretty sure it is.”“Lust,” she said. “Lust is a deadly sin.”“And spanking.”“I think that falls under lust.”“I think it should have its own category,” said Jace. “Greed, envy, gluttony, irony, pedantry, lust, and spanking.
Ann Rule, The Stranger Beside Me: Ted Bundy The Shocking Inside Story|And, like all the others, I have been manipulated to suit Ted’s needs. I don’t feel particularly embarrassed or resentful about that. I was one of many, all of us intelligent, compassionate people who had no real comprehension of what possessed him, what drove him obsessively.
C.T. Todd|I feel a blood moon rising" Neesa
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we’re honest, what makes something impossible is not our fear. Rather, it is our indifference.
H.L. Mencken|You can't do anything about the length of your life, but you can do something about its width and depth.
Julia Glass|Any acting is a stretch of the imagination. That's your job. Acting is truth in imaginary circumstances. Acting with green screen or a motion capture stage, you're striving for absolute truth in absolutely imaginary circumstances.
Henry Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|It is in unity that we find strength, in unity we find hope, and in unity we can stand firm as the darkness approaches. Let us stand together – and stand firm – against the many faces of hate.
Robert Walser, Selected Stories|Those who think of their house as only a ‘machine to live in’ should judge their point of view by that Neolithic man, who also lived in a house, but a house that embodied a cosmology.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|Strauss admits to being obsessed by his mother's rejection, and with the resultant rents in self-esteem. The Game echoes with disturbingly abusive comments leveled at his adolescent self, a self he feels was unacceptable. With bravado, he expresses regret that he didn’t rack up more sexual conquests in his teens; in person, he expresses a truer regret that he was intimidated by life itself.
Logan Zane Hessefort|Lifes like a game of cards, sometimes you get delt a shit hand, Work with what you got, and never show your weaknesses. Keep a poker face no matter what.
Patricia Nell Warren, The Front Runner|In my old age, I was at last being permitted to make the discovery that lovemaking gets better and better with time, if it's with someone you care for.
Philippa Gregory, The Queen's Fool|I have wanted you for so long now,” he said roughly, “I’ve no memory of how it feels to be devoid of the craving. But you must know what you do. I need you to think of who you are and where you are and who I am. Think of how things will be once we’ve crossed this threshold. Think of how you will leave this cabin—disheveled and well fucked.
Pascal Quignard|The Romans’ ideal was torn between heroism and glory. Both are epitomized in the instant of death. To die ‘fine death’ was their obsession: to snatch that moment, to gather - carpere - the instant of death. Tiberius died from the effort he had expended at the age of seventy-three by throwing the javelin at a boar in the arena at Circeii. The moment of death isn’t just a subject for painters. It isn’t simply the stuff of the odes and annals. The moment of death exists in the amphitheatre: human sacrifices, bullfights, denudations, tortures and carnivorous scenes. The ancient Romans had taken over the ‘sport’ associated with the figure of Phersu from the Etruscans. The populus romanus gambled on the men who would be put to death within the next hour- The jus gladii - this is the Roman Empire (the right of the sword, the right of life and death).
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Or consider a story in the Jewish Talmud left out of the Book of Genesis. (It is in doubtful accord with the account of the apple, the Tree of Knowledge, the Fall, and the expulsion from Eden.) In The Garden, God tells Eve and Adam that He has intentionally left the Universe unfinished. It is the responsibility of humans, over countless generations, to participate with God in a "glorious" experiment - the "completing of the Creation."  The burden of such a responsibility is heavy, especially on so weak and imperfect a species as ours, one with so unhappy a history. Nothing remotely like "completion" can be attempted without vastly more knowledge than we have today. But, perhaps, if our very existence is at stake, we will find ourselves able to rise to this supreme challenge.
Elena Kagan|Every one with this writ may be a tyrant; if this commission be legal, a tyrant in a legal manner, also, may control, imprison, or murder any one within the realm.
Auliq Ice|Never believe you are the best, but believe you are one of the best.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|If your comfort zone is misery, it's time to get uncomfortable.
Gabrielle Williams, Beatle Meets Destiny|What's wrong?" His voice was loud, so sharp that he sounded angry.I knew I should be careful, keep the secret, but I was too far gone to talk around it. My chest was working in huge spasms and I could barely breathe. "I kissed her.""And then you went into anaphylactic shock?"I closed my eyes and let the rain patter against my face through the open window "She has her tongue pierced.
Jennifer Handford, The Light of Hidden Flowers|So long as I was pursuing my passion, I would always find courage. I would be restored. My history of silence didn’t have to be my future.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest YO MAMA Jokes|Yo Mama’s so ugly, her Mama had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
Israelmore Ayivor|You can dance in the storm. Don't wait for the rain to be over before because it might take too long. You can can do it now. Wherever you are, right now, you can start, right now; this very moment.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|Fame is not the same as success, and in our true souls we know that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Children of God, Children of the light.
Farah Oomerbhoy, The Rise of the Dawnstar|Get up. Faith is the greatest magic of all. It can lift the world out of the darkness and bring it into the light. Be the Star of the Morning, the light that fills the world with magic. Be the Lightbringer, the Breaker of Shadows. Believe in yourself, Aurora Firedrake; believe in the Dawnstar. For if you have faith, anything is possible.
António R. Damásio, Descartes' Error: Emotion, Reason and the Human Brain|The neural basis for the self, as I see it, resides with the continuous reactivation of at least two sets of representations. One set concerns representations of key events in an individual's autobiography, on the basis of which a notion of identity can be reconstructed repeatedly, by partial activation in topologically organized sensory maps. ... In brief, the endless reactivation of updated images about our identity (a combination of memories of the past and of the planned future) constitutes a sizable part of the state of self as I understand it.The second set of representations underlying the neural self consists of the primordial representations of an individual's body ... Of necessity, this encompasses background body states and emotional states. The collective representation of the body constitute the basis for a "concept" of self, much as a collection of representations of shape, size, color, texture, and taste can constitute the basis for the concept of orange.
Anonymous|As you try to balance between the socialist and capitalist systems in the world, you will come up against the biggest problem facing humanity today. Jung wrote in 1938 "Any large company composed of wholly admirable persons has the morality and intelligence of an unwieldy, stupid, and violent animal. The bigger the organization, the more unavoidable is its immorality and blind stupidity." Each of these systems promotes itself by pointing out the moral failings of the other, but these moral failings are actually failings brought about by people acting within the context of large organizations. What is truly needed is to learn a structure of organization of human beings that provides for the organized group the same capacity and propensity for moral behavior that is possessed by individuals.
Mitt Romney|Anytime you're away from your home filming, it messes with your head.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|Here we go,” Phoenix said, turning back to Nora. “Try not to let this room scare you.
Henry David Thoreau|The greatest compliment that was ever paid me was when one asked me what I thought, and attended to my answer.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|The first source of art, then, is akin to the display of colors and plumage on the male animal in mating time; it lies in the desire to adorn and beautify the body. And just as self-love and mate-love, overflowing, pour out their surplus of affection upon nature, so the impulse to beautify passes from the personal to the external world. The soul seeks to express its feeling in objective ways, through color and form; art really begins when men undertake tobeautify things.
Seth Godin, We Are All Weird: The Myth of Mass and The End of Compliance|On election days, the burdens of poverty and corruption and of a creaky economic system are put aside, and India celebrates. Many voters dress especially for the occasion... None quite voice the thought, but those who came in a steady stream to vote seemed to be saying that India may have fallen far behind its neighbors in the struggle for prosperity, but as long as it can choose its governments, it can hope for better in the future.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Caroline was always moody and miserable, but I liked it. I liked feeling as if she had chosen me as the only person in the world not to hate, and so we spent all this time together just ragging on everyone, you know?
E. O. Wilson|There are many things that people do happily that I can't imagine why they would do it... But I have to say that even though I am critical or judgmental of society at large, I'm not critical of people individually. We are who we are.
Solomon Northup, Twelve Years a Slave|At such times, the heart of man turns instictively towards his Maker. In prosperity, and whenever there is nothing to injure or make him afraid, he remembers Him not, and is ready to defy Him; but place him in the midst of dangers, cut him off from human aid, let the grave open before him, then it is, in the time of his tribulation, that the scoffer and unbelieving man turns to God for help, feeling there is no other hope, or refuge, or safety, save in his protecting arm.
Ben Fountain|So what does it mean for a person to devote himself or herself to, as you put it, “literary reading and thinking”? I would argue this is a person who’s trying to see things for what they are. Who’s interested in distinguishing the truth from the lies, the real from the fake, the solid from the cheap. Those are the people who want to think for themselves, and I really question whether we can make good lives for ourselves if we aren’t doing our own thinking.
Seán O'Casey, Three More Plays: The Silver Tassie, Purple Dust, Red Roses For Me|When it was dark, you always carried the sun in your hand for me.
Natalie Babbitt, Tuck Everlasting|You can't have living without dying. So you can't call it living, what we got. We just are, we just be, like rocks beside the road.
Michael John Carley, Asperger's From the Inside Out: A Supportive and Practical Guide for Anyone with Asperger's Syndrome|Far too many people on the spectrum spend most of their days with people who carry around memories of, and are often too overwhelmed by incidents of, prior misinterpretation. This is no fun. In travel you can start over, and reinvent yourself. If somehow a relationship gets weird, you can leave and go to the next town, the next block, or whatever the case may be, and try again.
Andy Warhol|America is known as a country that welcomes people to its shores. All kinds of people. The image of the Statue of Liberty with Emma Lazarus' famous poem. She lifts her lamp and welcomes people to the golden shore, where they will not experience prejudice because of the color of their skin, the religious faith that they follow.
Common|I never really was that passionate about playing sports. But when I was at this Mt. Herman school, I did have the ability to throw the frisbee. So when this sport evolved, it was fun because I was good at it.
Vijay Iyer|Whether you attribute it to some mysterious triple package or to your own Horatio Alger story, to succeed in America is, somehow, to be complicit with the idea of America—which means that at some level you’ve made peace with its rather ugly past.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|Today I know this: when it comes time to take stock, the most painful wound is that of broken friendships; and there is nothing more foolish than to sacrifice a friendship to politics.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Swords|There always seemed to be a better way, except when it came to people. Once broken, people couldn't be repaired.
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|Like them you are tall and taciturn, and you are sad, all at once, like a voyage.
Isaac Newton|Satan, our adversary, wants us to fail. He spreads lies as part of his effort to destroy our belief. He slyly suggests that the doubter, the skeptic, the cynic is sophisticated and intelligent, while those who have faith in God and His miracles are naive, blind, or brainwashed.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|The only bit I have pictured in any detail is the music (maybe 'The Book of Love' by the Magnetic Fields. Or Johnny Cash's 'It Ain't Me, Babe'). It doesn't matter if the selection is slow or fast, but couples shouldn't scramble to select it. If you have ever gone dancing or on a road trip or had a romantic bout of serenaded sex on a winter night, you should have a few to pick from. If not, you probably shouldn't be getting married.
Ron Livingston|After two weeks of working on a project, you know whether it will work or not.
Peter Hobbs, In the Orchard, the Swallows|New Beginnings are in order, and you are bound to feel some level of excitement as new chances come your way.
Tony Kushner|One of the marvelous things about community is that it enables us to welcome and help people in a way we couldn't as individuals. When we pool our strength and share the work and responsibility, we can welcome many people, even those in deep distress, and perhaps help them find self-confidence and inner healing.
Pascale Petit, What the Water Gave Me|The midwife considers the miracle of childbirth as normal, and leaves it alone unless there's trouble. The obstetrician normally sees childbirth as trouble; if he leaves it alone, it's a miracle.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Think much, say little, do much.
Paramahansa Yogananda, Autobiography of a Yogi|The ills attributed to an anthropomorphic abstraction called "society" may be laid more realistically at the door of Everyman. Utopia must spring in the private bosom before it can flower into civic virtue, inner reforms leading to outer ones. A man who has reformed himself will reform thousands.
Freda Adler|Elon Musk wins you over with his elegant mastery of engineering, be it for the rocket or the car. But what blew my socks off was when our conversation veered way off topic. We started musing about whether it was possible we all lived in the matrix, and Musk still had deep knowledge.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Lust, anger, attachment, greed, over pride be,Jealousy, selfishness, injustice, cruelty, ego truly;- 153 -
Harold Pinter|I'm a very keen baker; I pride myself on my cakes. I go along the classic sponge line, but I like to jazz it up: I've made some psychedelic birthday cakes.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|There are often great lessons to be learned at the roots of stress, drama, and heartache. Don’t let the magnitude of the circumstance blind you to the value of the lesson.
Lindsey A. Holcomb|The parable about the Good Samaritan tells how a Samaritan rescues a man who is mugged and beaten by robbers on the Jericho—Jerusalem road, a notoriously dangerous stretch of highway. To understand how this story must have shocked the Jews, imagine someone telling a story about “The Good Nazi.” The Jews and Samaritans hated one another.
Kate Chopin, The Awakening|I think the more we fill our lives with more and more things we have to do, the less and less time we are spending on who we have to be.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Self-reverence, self-knowledge, self-control; these three alone lead one to sovereign power.
Josef Pieper, Leisure: The Basis Of Culture|The saints shall persevere in holiness, because God perseveres in grace.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your intelligence enhances your ability to think and recollect, dream and set realistic goals. Your stamina is built on your passion for progress and willingness to excel... When you have a great stamina, you can make great impact even with a low intelligent quotient!
Jason Greensides, The Distant Sound of Violence|The damage and destruction from the soft brush of pen on paper, a minuscule twitch of muscles at the end of manicured fingers, and people's lives forever altered.
Barbara   Wright|An excellent but an eccentric man in whom the least little thing would, it seemed, often check the flow of his spirits and divert the current of his thoughts.
Lisa L. Wiedmeier, Cheyenne|If I could have looked into the future to see what I would have become, I wouldn't have become the person I was always meant to be. ~ lw
Stephen R. Lawhead, The Paradise War|I tell you the truth, a man may not make himself king; only the blessing of him who holds the kingship can elevate a man to that high place. For sovereignty is a sacred trust that may not be bartered or sold; still less may it be stolen or taken by force.
Deborah A. Beasley|In mindfulness, acceptance always comes first, change comes after.
GANESH|i know for sure,to be a leader i have to be a reader
Bryce Dallas Howard|I was raised on government cheese. As an adult, in my first marriage, my husband and I worked real hard just to go bankrupt. I happened to write some jokes about it. I did real well for myself.
Adam S. McHugh, Introverts in the Church: Finding Our Place in an Extroverted Culture|In a team setting, leadership is shared by a community of people, which counters the tendency for pastors to form congregations in their own images.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|There is a weird kind of anonymity a roller coaster provides: It’s populated, but everyone’s too preoccupied with whirling around the roof of a casino to eavesdrop. It runs a fixed amount of time, has minimal surveillance for lack of a way to descramble the audio, and it’s conveniently out of earshot for certain writer- types who might scribble down the plan.
|How can you be the best at what you do, when you don't even know what your strengths and weaknesses are?
Holly Hood, Prison of Paradise|But a whole bottle was what made me feel dead inside. And it worked, all the days stress was gone and I was able to live without the gigantic knot in my stomach. Without the boulders weighing down my shoulders.
Bien Sufficient|There is nothing my mind can conceive, my heart can believe, my eyes can see and my soul can visualize that I cannot do. Even if the whole world says I can’t, it’s just a matter of time and I will get it done.
Andreï Makine, The Life of an Unknown Man|Because of her, there is no bridge between dreams and reality. In reality, because of her, drinking a glass of water has taste. In a dream, it doesn't have taste, unless she's in it with me. I do not have to dream about her, because all of my dreams about her, is my only reality.
Twiggy|There was a point where I was making four movies a year. I was always on a set. I had no stories to tell. I was feeling empty. My life was just luggage and hotels and from set to set, from character to character. And one day, I said, 'And where is mine?' You know? And the moment I started to feel that fear, I stopped and I slowed down.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Was that—did she just grin at me? To me? A moment of stillness in this moment of pause. Without speaking, we let our gazes wander slow, groping to confirm relief in the other. There's a subdued excitement for the oncoming sharing of whatever's waiting for us behind that heavy iron door, exclusive—two solitary embers, isolated in their separate pits, far away but fanned by the same wind, the same night, alone with the night, their respective camps all gone to sleep, flaring softly cradled calling, out against the great dark backdrop of the great unknown.
Louis L'Amour, Shalako|The desert was a school, a school where each day, each hour, a final examination was offered, where failure meant death and the buzzards landed to correct the papers.
Isaiah Berlin, The Hedgehog and the Fox: An Essay on Tolstoy's View of History|Equilibrium is the state of death, only chaos produces lifeThe Ancient Greeks have been driven to extinction by too much search for architectural harmony.
Debra Anastasia, Fire Down Below|Dove found Flower waiting outside her apartment. Flower was staring at her Doc Martins and in a very slow-motion move; she looked up at Dove. “Jesus!” Flower’s eyes were wide and her mouth stayed open. Dove wanted to ask, “Bad Jesus or good Jesus?”, but Flower had already used almost half her allotted words on Dove’s predicament. She felt guilty asking for more.
Vironika Tugaleva|It is not depression or anxiety that truly hurts us. It is our active resistance against these states of mind and body. If you wake up with low energy, hopeless thoughts, and a lack of motivation - that is a signal from you to you. That is a sure sign that something in your mind or in your life is making you sick, and you must attend to that signal. But what do most people do? They hate their depressed feelings. They think "Why me?" They push them down. They take a pill. And so, the feelings return again and again, knocking at your door with a message while you turn up all the noise in your cave, refusing to hear the knocks. Madness. Open the door. Invite in depression. Invite anxiety. Invite self-hatred. Invite shame. Hear their message. Give them a hug. Accept their tirades as exaggerated mistruths typical of any upset person. Love your darkness and you shall know your light.
Ehabib|Thinking is good for your mind, but too much thinking leads to distraction.
Frédéric Bastiat|When plunder becomes a way of life for a group of men in a society, over the course of time they create for themselves a legal system that authorizes it and a moral code that glorifies it.
Barbara Ehrenreich|I'd like to do 'My Best Friend's Wedding,' 'Pretty Woman,' Meg Ryan type stuff. Romantic comedies. I'd love to do some action stuff as well.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Tolerance is certainly an improvement over hate, but it is not the same thing as freedom.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|In the mornings, my pain was magnified by about a thousand. In the morning there weren’t only those sad facts about my life. Now there was also the additional fact that I was a pile of shit.
Peter Hook|You can tell all our songs come from us and from our artists, the people we write with and travel with.
Frank Olvera|The assumption of no God cannot be proven by science." - Scientific Faith"Under the Thelián Sky: Beyond the Great Unknown" (c) 2012
Rosa Brooks, How Everything Became War and the Military Became Everything: Tales from the Pentagon|What line separates the lawful wartime targeting of an enemy combatant from the extrajudicial murder of a man suspected, but not convicted, of wrongdoing? (p8)
Nenia Campbell, Armed and Dangerous|I'd seen entire constellations of possibility I'd never previously been aware of, so blinded had I been by the bright, glaring stars of expectation. Freedom, I was beginning to think, had less to do with where you were, and was more about who you were trying to be.
John Lame Deer, The Man Who Quit Money|But even a medicine man like myself has to have some money, because you force me to live in your make-believe world where I can't get along without it.
Octavio Paz|When we learn to speak, we learn to translate.
James Alexander Thom, The Art and Craft of Writing Historical Fiction: Researching and Writing Historical Fiction|Some writers don't believe they're ready to begin writing the story until they've finished all the research they can think of to do — until they're sure of everything. That's a logical approach, of course. The more factual knowledge, the less likelihood you'll have to throw out a lot of glorious prose when you find out that something you assumed to be true wasn't.But one problem with delaying your start until the research is all done is that the research is never all done.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Solitary Cyclist|Before we begin to investigate that, let us try to realize what we do know, so as to make the most of it, and to separate the essential from the accidental.
Bruce Lansky|Too BusyI've folded all my laundryand put it in the drawer.I've changed my linen, made my bed,and swept my bedroom floor. I've emptied out the garbageand fixed tomorrow's lunch.I've baked some cookies for dessertand given dad a munch.I've searched the house for pencilsand sharpened every one.There are so many things to dowhen homework must be done.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|There is much you can learn from books and scrolls. These books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Mal was quiet for a long moment. Then he said, “I’m not sure who my first kill was. We were hunting the stag when we ran into a Fjerdan patrol on the northern border. I don’t think the fight lasted more than a few minutes, but I killed three men. They were doing a job, same as I was, trying to get through one day to the next, then they were bleeding in the snow. No way to tell who was the first to fall, and I’m not sure it matters. You keep them at a distance. The faces start to blur.”“Really?”“No.
Rachel Pierson, Ruined By Nature|As I have said, milady, I mean to keep you safe, not harm you. And it is not my habit to force myself on unwilling maidens.""Aye, pilgrim?" she asked dubiously. "Next you will tell me you are as chaste as a monk." She backed toward the door.A grin slowly eased the hard line of his mouth. "I did not say that.
Abraham Lincoln|All I have learned, I learned from books.
Toba Beta|I do not say words, which you want to hear.The words just told me, to write them down.
Rebecca McNutt|Why is it these days that so many people hate reading? Some people won't even touch a newspaper or magazine. It isn't television that kills reading, or cinema or radio, or even those accursed little things known as video games. People used to read all the time, but when the century shifted subtly, somewhere along the way, people forgot how to imagine. When did it happen? At what point? Who or what is to blame? Maybe it's just because the world has become so cold and scientific and shallow in recent years.
Nora Ephron, I Remember Nothing: and Other Reflections|It is not the pain from the present that is killing you, but all your repressed feelings from the past that adds weight to it.
Evgeny Morozov, To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism|The sensitive person's hostility to the machine is in one sense unrealistic, because of the obvious fact that the machine has come to stay. But as an attitude of mind there is a great deal to be said for it. The machine has got to be accepted, but it is probably better to accept it rather as one accepts a drug - that is, grudgingly and suspiciously. Like a drug, the machine is useful, dangerous and habit-forming. The oftener one surrenders to it the tighter its grip becomes.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast: The Restored Edition|Have you ever been to Paris before?" I asked Kylian."No, though from what I've seen, I'm sure it's worth a trip. And even with what little I saw I think it's quite fitting for you to be the Patroness of Paris. You're like Paris and Paris is like you.""Noisy?""A mystery.
J.A. George, Gifted|Auntie Wu took special pride in two of her accomplishments--the sons she bore and the flowers she grew. They were equally useless, but the flowers smelled better.
Oswald Chambers|We have to pray with our eyes on God, not on the difficulties.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|I heard silence, silence infinite as the bottom of the ocean, a silence that sealed.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Cancer Ward|One should never direct people towards happiness, becausehappiness too is an idol of the market-place. One should directthem towards mutual affection. A beast gnawing at its preycan be happy too, but only human beings can feel affectionfor each other, and this is the highest achievement they canaspire to.
Geoffrey Wood|They scold their own hearts but it actuates no real change, only deepens the wound. But they can’t look away from it. Thus, by paralyzing their Present, we beat The Adversary on His home turf. And loop after loop, the depressed haunt and harrow themselves, sometimes for years, when they have only, for a brief moment, to look away from themselves, to look up.
Trevor Driggers|He sits at the table and reads novels, old favorites of his, the words and plots and characters comforting and lived-in and unchanged.
Chris Crutcher|They keep telling you, when you’re older, you’ll have experience—and that’s supposed to be so great. What would you say about that, sir? Is it really any use, would you say?""What kind of experience?”“Well—places you’ve been to, people you’ve met. Situations you’ve been through already, so you know how to handle them when they come up again. All that stuff that’s supposed to make you wise, in your later years.”“Let me tell you something, Kenny. For other people, I can’t speak—but, personally, I haven’t gotten wise on anything. Certainly, I’ve been through this and that; and when it happens again, I say to myself, Here it is again. But that doesn’t seem to help me. In my opinion, I, personally, have gotten steadily sillier and sillier and sillier—and that’s a fact.”“No kidding, sir? You can’t mean that! You mean, sillier than when you were young?”“Much, much sillier.”“I’ll be darned. Then experience is no use at all? You’re saying it might just as well not have happened?”“No. I’m not saying that. I only mean, you can’t use it. But if you don’t try to—if you just realize it’s there and you’ve got it—then it can be kind of marvelous.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|Wal-mart started selling "Vampire Home Defense Kits", including holy water, crosses, stakes, mallets, and a book of quick blessings to bar vampires from your door. The fact that these kits were generally useless didn't bother me nearly as much as the idea of holy water being sold at wal-mart.
Robert Lane Greene, You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity|Language is not law; it is in fact a lot like music. Speech is jazz – first you learn the basic rules, and then you become good enough to improvise all the time. Writing is somewhat more like classical composition, where established forms and conditions will hold greater sway.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|When you have a grasp on eternity your eyes won't ever see the battle or the lost people that hurt you. You will see a beautiful story of hope, in every character. It is not one person god loves. He loves us all and this is his story, our story and theirs.
Edgar Allan Poe|The loss of a friend is like that of a limb; time may heal the anguish of the wound, but the loss cannot be repaired.
Jill Telford|A few lessons learned as a teacher: I've learned that if you whisper, children will listen...a scribble can be anything (I mean anything!) a monster, a cat, a mom, a dad--our job is to ask to find out and pay attention--usually the most challenging student needs the most challenges to keep them learning and engaged---most of all we must care and the rest handles itself. xo
Tracy Winegar, Keeping Keller|You can die of a broken heart -- it's scientific fact -- and my heart has been breaking since that very first day we met. I can feel it now, aching deep behind my rib cage the way it does every time we're together, beating a desperate rhythm: Love me. Love me. Love me.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Mind of the Maker|The more genuinely creative [the writer] is, the more he will want his work to develop in accordance with its own nature, and to stand independent of himself
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Because the world all twisted up and wrong, like distorted glass, only came back into focus if you looked at it through the bottom of a bottle.
Mother Teresa|I have a great respect for incremental improvement, and I've done that sort of thing in my life, but I've always been attracted to the more revolutionary changes. I don't know why. Because they're harder. They're much more stressful emotionally. And you usually go through a period where everybody tells you that you've completely failed.
Alisha Rai, Veiled Seduction|In the deepest, darkest depths of her heart where she kept all her dreams locked up in a pink journal decorated with ponies and unicorns, she’d fantasized about declaring her love for Sasha Karimi for two years. In those scenarios, he generally fell to his knees in thrilled delight before he reciprocated the feelings and then they got married and had lots of babies and maybe a pet iguana and lived happily ever after.
Martha Wells, The Gate of Gods|I'm tired of entirely new things," Tremaine said. "I don't understand most of the old things yet.
Anthony Venn-Brown, A Life of Unlearning - a journey to find the truth|It's important to remember that having a conversation about us (LGBT) without us will usually be a recycling or preconceived ideas and misconceptions. Can you imagine a group of male church leaders discussing the role of women in the church without females present. We would call that misogyny. Or church leadership discussing indigenous issues without ever consulting with indigenous people themselves to get insight into what their life experience is really all about. We would call that white supremacy/racism/elitism. The church has done a great deal of talking about us but rarely has spoken with us. So when church leaders discuss LGBT people, relationships and the community without speaking with or spending time getting to know LGBT people it does beg the question why. What is there to fear? Why the exclusion? Is this another evidence of homophobia? It's time for the church to invite LGBT people into the conversation. For some this is a conversation about their thoughts and beliefs but for us it is about who we are. You can ask questions. What was it like to sit in church and hear the word abomination to describe your orientation. What was it like to get to the point of coming out knowing you might be rejected by those you've loved and a church you've served.? How did you find resolution of your Christian beliefs and your sexuality? In listening you will learn. That's why it's so important to remember. No conversation about us, without us.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|Lord, thank you for the people who care more about me than about their schedules.
Levon Peter Poe|In America, it is the CELEBRATION OF THE DOUCHEBAG, and that applies to men AND women. So many absolutely WORTHLESS people who contribute NOTHING to the betterment of mankind have found Riches and fame while so many others who desire to do so much FOR OTHERS have found nothing but poverty, homelessness, being exiled for their ideas and generally shunned because they DARE TO CARE!.
Pete Gallego|Marriage is traditionally old-school in many respects. It is highly antiquated, and, that being said, beautiful.
Kate Scelsa, Fans of the Impossible Life|And I love that all their overdone liberal bullshit totally backfired," he said. "Of course it did. People are assholes. End of story.""The world according to Sebastian Tate.""It's a philosophy that has gotten me far in life.
Kelly Creagh, Oblivion|You were dropped as a child, weren't you?" Varen asked her."Maybe once or twice," Gwen said, "but at least I wasn't raised by highly literate vampires who, every night just before bed, fed me a steady diet of dark sarcasm and gothic horror fiction.""Every morning before bed," Varen corrected. Stepping forward, he moved toward the headstone. "We slept during the day.
Michio Kaku|So many times, when you're doing a job, you feel like you're a nuisance at times to people, intruding on their space when you ask them questions; maybe they don't want to deal with you at the time. And now, it's, 'Hey, welcome, where's Craig?' Whereas, now, it's kind of different.
Gregory Orr|Maybe she loved me,maybe not –who knows?Not even the godscan see intoa human heart –it’s that dark.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|The Bible says we are forgiven. It says we are saints. It says we are children of God, citizens of heaven, members of God's family, and chosen members of a royal priesthood. It says we are salt and light, we are people who dwell in a city set on a hill. It says we are co-heirs with Christ, ready to inherit the eternal life reserved for the saints. We cannot be separated from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Motherhood: Soulfully Empowering Your Life's Journey & Purpose As a Mother Through Positive Inspiration|On this day of love, embrace the freedom, to not just give love - but to receive it, too.
Cyndi Goodgame, Yield|My friend Wicker once said to be careful what and how you say what you’re really thinking to a woman. After much screwing up in that department with Emma, I’ve learned it’s not what you should hide, but what you say that makes her react the way she does. If I am unable to make myself clear, as I so often do, it’s more likely going to go to pot if I try to explain how I really feel. Instead, I rework in my brain what she needs to hear. I don’t always nail it, but I’m getting better at it. And it’s always the truth even if it isn’t how I see it.Is it deceiving? No. It’s being considerate and aware that she is an emotional creature, and that for some crazy reason, craves my attention. I love to make her happy. My jumbled up mess of a mind isn’t important in the long run if it just confuses her. So I chose words carefully. When something goes right, I use it over and over again. -Ames
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|Of course you cannot know a man completely, his character, his principles, sense of judgement, not till he’s shown his colors, run the people, making laws. Experience, there’s the test.
Kylie Scott, Play|We shed as we pick up, like travellers who must carry everything in their arms, and what we let fall will be picked up by those behind. The procession is very long and life is very short. We die on the march. But there is nothing outside the march so nothing can be lost to it. The missing plays of Sophocles will turn up piece by piece, or be written again in another language. Ancient cures for diseases will reveal themselves once more. Mathematical discoveries glimpsed and lost to view will have their time again. You do not suppose, my lady, that if all of Archimedes had been hiding in the great library of Alexandria, we would be at a loss for a corkscrew?
B.L. Brooklyn|You knew I would find you and you knew what I'd do when I did." -Cort (The Carver's Problem)
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|Every night that he watched over her sleeping form, his urge to protect and take care of her grew. And those weren't the only urges. When she'd throw back the blanket and bare her long legs, it was all he could do not to kneel at her feet, kiss her slim ankles, and slip his hands up her smooth thighs.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|Crowned heads, wealth and privilege may well tremble should ever again the Black and Red unite!"-after the split between Anarchists and Marxists in 1872
Jason Calacanis|Authority without wisdom is like a heavy ax without an edge, fitter to bruise than polish.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|When you've finished your own toilet in the morning, then it is time to attend to the toilet of your planet, just so, with the greatest care.
William Stafford|. . . On a sandbarsunlight stretches out its limbs, or is ita sycamore, so brazen, so clean and bold?
Michael Walterich, Gently Down|Until I have learned how to express myself as a human, I will not consider speaking as a god.
Peter S. Beagle, The Folk of the Air|Maybe belief is the biggest lie. In ages past, the earliest philosophers tried to explain the stars in the sky and the world around them. One of them conceived of the notion that the universe was mounted on giant crystal spheres controlled by a giant machine, which explained the movements of the heavens. He was laughed at and told that such a machine would be so huge and noisy that everyone would hear it. He simply replied that we are born with that noise all around us, and that we are so used to hearing it that we cannot hear it at all.
Jeannie Powell, Life, Simplified: More of What You Really Want And Less of What You Don't|Excerpts from Life, Simplified can be found on my website.
Leonardo da Vinci|As a well spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Ever since 1945 the federal government has held and indeed increased its importance as the first customer of the American economy. Government spending had been the primary economic stimulant and to increase it had been the goal of hundreds of interest groups; hopes of balanced budgets and cheap, business-like administration always ran aground upon this fact. What was more, the United States was a democracy; whatever the doctrinaire objections to it, and however much rhetoric might be devoted to attacking it, a welfare state slowly advanced because voters wanted it that way. These facts gradually made the old ideal of totally free enterprise, unchecked and uninvaded by the influence of government, unreal.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|We, the atom and I, have been on friendly terms, until recently. I saw in it the key to the deepest secrets of Nature, and it revealed to me the greatness of creation and the Creator.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|The wretchedness of ordinary life, endured so gaily when it is part of our normal existence, is made far worse when it comes as something new, and is exaggerated by the working of the imagination.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|I felt my eyes widen slightly, feeling like the kid of the group who didn’t understand anything and was a pain to have around.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Writing lets you be, say, and do anything. It's sugar for your ego and wings for your ideas.
Arthur Conan Doyle|When truth is discovered by someone else, it loses something of its attractiveness.
Kim Pape|Love is like a drug that can either kill you, weaken you or make you stronger. Like a poison that finds it way through you body with each kiss, each touch and each look.It makes you feel euphoric. Makes you feel like you can take on anything that comes on your path. Whether it walks behind, in front or beside you. No mountain is high enough, no ocean deep enough and the sky had no limit.It can make you feel weak. Make you question everything around except the person who the love is for. But it can also destroy you in a way you never would have imagined was even possible. It hurts like a thousand knives twisting against your spine, paralyzing you. It can make you feel like the world just caved in around you, beneath you.You ask yourself if this is all worth it. Worth the euphoric feeling of someone loving you. Worth everything.I can tell you that in the end, it is. Because now you may feel destroyed, but keep in mind that a feeling is something that can be changed. There is someone who will build you up. Who will climb the highest mountain or cross the deepest oceans. Who makes you feel alive all for the right reasons. Someone who will not sugar coat his intentions. Who will not say he's someone he actually is not. Someone who wants you in his life. Who shows you off like a show pony to show everyone how proud he/she is to have you in his/her life.The feeling of destruction will fade when you meet someone who is willing to build you up. Who doesn't care how deep your roots have rooted itself into the earth to keep yourself grounded. Who will find every last stone to make sure your as strong as ever when everything else came crumbling down.
M.T. Hallgarth|The air in the room was so cold, the exposed flesh of his face felt like ice. "I'll be the first person to get frostbite in a house sleeping several feet from a roaring fire.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Doing it all the time, whether or not we are in the mood, gives us ownership of our writing ability. It takes it out of the realm of conjuring where we stand on the rock of isolation, begging the winds for inspiration, and it makes it something as do-able as picking up a hammer and pounding a nail. Writing may be an art, but it is certainly a craft. It is a simple and workable thing that can be as steady and reliable as a chore—does that ruin the romance?
John Fowles, The Magus|You are as ordinary as spring,' he murmured. 'As powerless as sunlight.' He ran his fingertips down her neck. 'And when I touch you, I burn,' he said, making her heart stop and a flare of wild panic light inside her. He was too close; he was getting to her.
Terry Brooks|Nothing is lost that we do not first see as lost. Visions born of fear give birth to our failing.Visions born of hope give birth to our success.What is possible lives within us, and it only remains for us to discover it.
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|Fun is not an activity, it is a state of mind.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Anyone intent on moral clarity might want to find another book and, in fact, might not want to go anywhere near the enduring chasm of race in the United States.
Nikhil Karke|The Truth is, “One sky, all human's !
Noël Coward, Design for Living|Success is far more perilous than failure, isn’t it? You’ve got to be doubly strong and watchful and wary.
P.D. James|If your morals make you dreary, depend upon it they are wrong. I do not say "give them up," for they may be all you have; but conceal them like a vice, lest they should spoil the lives of better and simpler people.
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|But tell you true, I honestly didn’t think nothing about the Green Man beefing that posse. Was just men and the world’s full of them.
Steven Erikson|The more civilized a nation, the more conformed its population, until that civilization's last age arrives, when multiplicity wages war with conformity. The former grows ever wilder, ever more dysfunctional in its extremities; whilst the latter seeks to increase its measure of control, until such efforts acquire diabolical tyranny.'- Traveller
Anita Desai, Clear Light of Day|Sometimes, God’s silence is a challenge for us to act
Aaron Sorkin|There have been times - and not just on 'The Newsroom,' but on 'The West Wing,' 'Sports Night,' 'Studio 60'... - where it was hard to look the cast and crew in the eye, when I put a script on the table that I knew just wasn't good enough.
Bethany Pierce, Feeling For Bones|If you put the wrong foods in your body, you are contaminated and dirty and your stomach swells. Then the voice says, Why did you do that? Don't you know better? Ugly and wicked, you are disgusting to me.
Charles R. Mackriel|Countless people live their whole lives without ever knowing this...this unnameable thing that we share. This exclusive and secret club that we are so blessed to be a part of. I suppose that by many people's definition, it would simply be called 'Love'. And yet, this is unlike any other love or feeling or emotion that I have ever felt. Simply calling it 'Love' would be an injustice...it would do a massive disservice to this feeling that seems to envelop me with every breath I take. It's as if wherever I go, it goes; and whichever direction I look, it sees. It moves with me as if we've been doing this dance forever...like we are one being and of one mind. It has to uncanny ability to affect change by just existing; it speaks to me and with me and through me and every time it says my name, it cloaks my entire being with a warm comforting familiar glow...like it's only ever meant to be said that way and no different. It's not just simply love...it's everything.
Debasish Mridha|The time is always right, just act.
Anthony Trollope, Barchester Towers|As a general rule, it is highly desirable that ladies should keep their temper: a woman when she storms always makes herself ugly, and usually ridiculous also. There is nothing so odious to man as a virago. Though Theseus loved an Amazon, he showed his love but roughly, and from the time of Theseus downward, no man ever wished to have his wife remarkable rather for forward prowess than retiring gentleness. A low voice "is an excellent thing in woman.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book.Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.
Poppy Z. Brite, Drawing Blood|Perhaps the best way for you to ensure my trust is to make love to me as I deserve to be loved.” At her command, he lifted her into his arms and circled the bed to set her carefully on the mattress. Kneeling at the side of the bed, his gaze met hers, and he bowed his head.“I am yours to command, my Lady.”“Then come to bed, my love. I need your arms to keep me warm and your body to fill me until I shatter like glass.
Matthew  Johnson, Irregular Verbs and Other Stories|Sometimes you want to curl up and cry until you can cry no more. But you realize that that would leave you exposed and vulnerable. So you turn, and realize that there is no one to turn to.
Sara Gran, Claire DeWitt and the City of the Dead|There are no coincidences", Silette wrote. "Only mysteries that haven't been solved, clues that haven't been placed. Most are blind to the language of the bird overheard, the leaf in our path, the phonographic record stuck in a groove, the unknown caller on the phone. They don't see the omens. They don't know how to read the signs. To them life is like a book with blank pages. But to the detective, it is an illuminated manuscript of mysteries.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|SELF HELPUse the same amount of energy required to pull others down, to uplift yourself insteadKamil Ali
Margaret Thatcher|Anyone's life truly lived consists of work, sunshine, exercise, soap, plenty of fresh air, and a happy contented spirit.
Aanchal Malhotra, Remnants of a Separation: A History of the Partition through Material Memory|A transference of memory was occurring as she, the vessel, the source, wrung every small, muffled detail into me, the depository. And once it began, it was difficult to interrupt or stop
Stephen King, It|That too ended in defeat with an injury. We have the video. It was painful to watch you struggle; even more painful for you to participate! I knew the Dan Gable dream was over when Nicola proved more into it than you were. But looking back on that time, it was evident that you had a mind of your own. If you didn't want to do something, no one could make you.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|Food," I suggested. "Sleep. That's what I need. To get the hell away from here."Cole frowned at me, as if I'd suggested "ducks" and "yoga".
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|The cabinets and shelves are a bright busy choreography of oils, shampoos, conditioners, scrubs, lotions, salts, unguents. Zinnia loves buying pots and bottles and tubes of alchemised essences that smell like yearning or intimacy on the skin.
Adrianna Stepiano|Into the wind we vary,Our hearts free of youth,Mold me into envy,If I can’t have your muse;Under toe,Walk to the throne,After centuries of life.
Mark Hewer|As sure as the driven rain, the sun will shine again!
Michio Kaku|That's the thing about technology, the closer you think it brings you, the further it pulls you apart.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|You should be happy because I was certain (predictable) with u, rest of the world named me VOLCANO.
Stephanie Lahart|People that blatantly lie, cheat, steal, or manipulate other people to become successful seriously lack any kind of integrity. It amazes me how some people hold their head up high and walk around like they’re all of that, knowing that they wouldn’t be where they are today or have what they have if it wasn’t for some kind of corruption on their part. You shouldn’t have to do any of those things to get ahead. I am greatness! I vow to NOT compromise my character in any way, shape, or form while building my empire. I represent excellence and I have no desire to be anything less.
Michael E Emmering|We live in a world where extraterrestrials could be everywhere and you would never know. A world driven by god’s, unexplained structures, countless stories and extraterrestrial occurrences. There is proof that our planet has been and still continues to be visited by extraterrestrial life, but until we are able to capture and study them, the question will remain. Do Aliens Really Exist?
Amanda Craig, In a Dark Wood|Stay passed out, that's the right dope. There ain't any cool willow trees- except you grow your own in a bottle.
Confucius, The Analects|The goodness you do might fail; but keep doing it, because the real failure is never doing goodness!
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|But why do some people support [the heretics]?" "Because it serves their purposes, which concern the faith rarely, and more often the conquest of power." "Is that why the church of Rome accuses all its adversaries of heresy?" "That is why, and that is also why it recognizes as orthodoxy any heresy it can bring back under its own control or must accept because the heresy has become too strong.
Darynda Jones, Brighter Than the Sun|She wasn't entirely sure how she felt, All she knew was that he entered her world And she felt more alive than she had before, secretly wishing he was feeling the same.
Neil Armstrong|[To] mechanical progress there is apparently no end: for as in the past so in the future, each step in any direction will remove limits and bring in past barriers which have till then blocked the way in other directions; and so what for the time may appear to be a visible or practical limit will turn out to be but a bend in the road.(Opening address to the Mechanical Science Section, Meeting of the British Association, Manchester.)
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|All for ourselves, and nothing for other people, seems, in every age of the world, to have been the vile maxim of the masters of mankind.
Awdhesh Singh, Practising Spiritual Intelligence: For Innovation, Leadership and Happiness|It is never easy for any leader to choose between differentiation and equality. You are condemned either way. When you treat everyone equally, you are considered just by majority as equality benefits below average people and they seem to always be in majority. At the same time, you are also condemned because you can’t produce results with people having a crab mentality. However, if you choose to reward the excellence and punish the non-performer, you achieve the desired results but get condemned for being unfair, unjust, cruel and Darwinian.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|This was their way of honoring the dead. The story over, the demands of their own hard, rough lives began to re-assert themselves in their hearts, in their nerves, their blood and appetites. Would that the dead were not dead! But there is grass that must be eaten, pellets that must be chewed, hraka that must be passed, holes that must be dug, sleep that must be slept. Odysseus brings not one man to shore with him. Yet he sleeps sound beside Calypso and when he wakes thinks only of Penelope.
Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs du Mal|Patience takes away lots of stress, regrets, & sleepless nights knowing that all is well at the end of the day if we just wait a little bit.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|True spirituality is "the place where desperation meets Jesus.
J.D. Robb, Holiday in Death|By God, I shall spend the rest of my life getting my heart back, healing and forgetting every scar you put upon me when I was a child. The first move I ever made, after the cradle, was to crawl for the door, and every move I have made since has been an effort to escape.
Tony Parsons|Beverly Hills is too intimidating. Everyone's got lovely teeth, so you don't want to smile. Everyone's ripped, so you start working out at 4 in the morning and eating egg white omelets.
Barbara Bush|Family traditions counter alienation and confusion. They help us define who we are; they provide something steady, reliable and safe in a confusing world.
Dominic Riccitello|We were in ways I can’t seem to grasp. We moved like fluid, scattering our love throughout each other. We moved along, out of our eyes and through our veins. It was unintentionally and in turn, unconditionally.
T.K. Naliaka|AFC Leopards were as thrilling a side as ever took the pitch and they dominated East African football in the eighties. That Kenyan players were an excitable bunch was attested to in one memorable Leopards match, with the opposing goalkeeper being handcuffed and dragged away to jail by police.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|When the brain thinks positively, the hands work positively, the legs run positively and the individual becomes a positive wholesome entity.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Duino Elegies|A kind of memory that tells usthat what we're now striving for was oncenearer and truer and attached to uswith infinite tenderness. Here all is distance,there it was breath. After the first  homethe second one seems draughty and  strangely sexed.
Willie Mays|And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with Me, to give every man according as his work shall be. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.
Katy Perry|I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.
Emily Carr|I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|I need something, Wax. A place to look. You always did the thinking.”“Yes, having a brain helps with that, surprisingly.
Halsey|Animation is a great way to work. No early morning call times, no make-up chair. In live action, you're always fighting the clock; the sun is always going down too soon.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|[She wasn't] a logically reasoning woman, but God is good, and hearts may count in heaven as high as heads.
Chris Cleave, Everyone Brave is Forgiven|Alistair smiled. 'How long this war has been.''I'll say. One hardly remembers how we lived before. Lightly - not worrying much.''Do you suppose we shall ever live that way again?''Oh, who knows? Given sufficient champagne and ether.''Maybe if we stay drunk to the end of our days we shan't remember.
Autumn Christian, We are Wormwood|The best horror novels open up, "It was beautiful summer day and the smell of flowers emanated throughout the air.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife. However little known the feelings or views of such a man may be on his first entering a neighbourhood, this truth is so well fixed in the minds of the surrounding families, that he is considered as the rightful property of someone or other of their daughters.
Ambrose of Milan|Woman, the child of so many tears shall never perish.
Debasish Mridha|When you change your thinking, you change the world.
Plato|I began to long, as I had before, for some special smell, some special music that would fill me, lift me up and carry me away, float me off the rocks of my body and sweep me into some wideness, some vast expanse of blue-grey nothingness.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|And beauty is terror,' said Julian, 'then what is desire? We think we have many desires, but in fact we have only one. What is it?''To live,' said Camilla.'To live forever,' said Bunny, chin cupped in palm.
Leisa Rayven, Wicked Heart|She was fixated on replaying the image of a tall, broad, Highland warrior marching into battle against the evil waterfalls of doom to rescue a stuffed dinosaur.He'd saved Cindy.For Noah.CJ Blue was making it very difficult for Natalie to continue to dislike him.
Philip Larkin, High Windows|Rather than words comes the thought of high windows:The sun-comprehending glass,And beyond it, the deep blue air, that showsNothing, and is nowhere, and is endless.
Rainn Wilson|My dad took me for an audition once, to show me, 'OK, you want to be a child actor, this is what it's like.' I sang a folk song about donkeys on this West End stage with this big director, and there was a queue of 200 girls all singing 'Memory.' I was terrible. Terrible.
Angela Kinsey|I have always loved young women for their sensitive spiritual nature, gentleness, and special beauty.
Andrea Lochen, Imaginary Things|The more you rationalize, the more you move farther away from your authentic self.
Phillip W. Simpson, Rapture|He sank to his knees, absolutely full of despair and sadness. For a long time, droplets of blood continued to fall into his lap.
Gary Johnson|The most formative time of our lives are the years between birth and age 21, when we explore who we are and learn from those who surround us.
John Cleese|I don't believe in this business of being behind, better to be in front.
Bruce Lee|You must be shapeless, formless, like water. When you pour water in a cup, it becomes the cup. When you pour water in a bottle, it becomes the bottle. When you pour water in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Water can drip and it can crash. Become like water my friend.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Appearance matters, we see your presentation before we get a chance to sample the substance within. You might miss a chance for the latter.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|The one-eyed man watched them go, and then he went through the iron shed to his shack behind. It was dark inside. He felt his way to the mattress on the floor, and he stretched out and cried in his bed, and the cars whizzing by on the highway only strengthened the walls of his loneliness.
Estelle Getty|Marriage is... OK, it's rooted and grounded on love and attraction.
Lisa Murkowski|Definitely, there's a lot of strength in depth in my division.
Jonathan Goldstein|As people move through life, passing from the hopeful ignorance of youth into sobering adulthood, they inevitably face an increasingly nagging question: Is this all there is? Childhood can be painful, adolescence confusing; most people, expect that in adulthood things will get better. During the early years of adulthood the future still looks promising. But inevitably the mirror' shows the first white hairs and confirms the fact that those few extra pounds are not about to leave; eyesight begins to fail and mysterious pains begin to shoot through the body...' Where's all that money I was to have made? Where are all of the good times I was going to have?
Zofie Kae, Finding Love & Commitment in the Culture of Self-Gratification|Contrary to what we read in romance novels or see in Disney movies, the purpose of marriage is not to "complete you" or to "find your other half." If your goal in seeking marriage is to fill a void in yourself, you are only setting yourself up for disappointment.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Clear out the past, layout the present and prepare for a much better and brighter future.
John William Tuohy, No Time to Say Goodbye: A Memoir of a Life in Foster Care|Imagine being beaten up every day for something you didn’t do and yet, when it’s over, you keep on smiling. That’s what every day of Donald’s life was like. His death was a small death. No one mourned his passing; they merely agreed it was for the best that he be forgotten as quickly as possible, since his was a life misspent.
Lachi|In truth, she hadn't put much thought into whether she was happy before. She supposes that since she never thought about it, she must have been happy. People who are happy don't really need to ask themselves if they are happy or not, do they? They just are happy, she thinks.
Donna Lynn Hope|It’s not a real place, not a real thing. Mom made up the Gray Space, the place of anti-art, antifeeling, the cold dark place that felt like death. It was just her zany way of describing the place she went when she felt most depressed, when making music at all became impossible.It isn’t real.
Laura Marling|When sighted people cover their eyes or find themselves in a dark place, this is something that's very terrifying for us. And so in general, we assume that this is what blindness means. But of course, it isn't. For people who were born blind or who go blind at a very young age, that's not at all what blindness means.
Katrine Marçal, Who Cooked Adam Smith's Dinner?: A Story About Women and Economics|The laws of the solar system that previously only God had known could suddenly be read using scientific method. The view of the world changed. From one where God intervened, had opinions, smote, parted oceans, moved mountains and personally opened millions of flowers every day. To one where God was absent and the universe was a clock that he had created and wound up, but that now ticked of its own accord.
Dee Williams|Your decisions are the A.I.R. (Action, Impact, and Result) or the breath of life you take each day to live. Each decision is made from your action, the impact of the action, and the results of that action.
May Sarton|Isi, I’m trying to say that you’ve been… no, you’re so, you’re–” He stopped."You are,” he said. His hand found hers, and he held her finger tightly, as though he did not dare to do any more than hold her one hand, and look at her, and breathe deeply.
Charles Manson|I'm Jesus Christ, whether you want to accept it or not, I don't care.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|Happiness does not result from pleasure, but rather, from reaching one's goals.
Hayley Williams|Equality before the law is probably forever unattainable. It is a noble ideal, but it can never be realized, for what men value in this world is not rights but privileges.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|Love doesn't mean anything if you're not willing to make a commitment, and you have to think not only about what you want, but about what he wants. Not just now, but in the future.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|When you make decisions with an attitude of abundance, you always get better results.
Steven Runciman|Their lives were precarious and they knew it. They were trying their best to fit themselves into a country which would never quite accept them, and to make themselves acceptable in a part of the world where their intrusion was resented in the vain hope that thus their establishments might endure ... The Orient remained strange and hostile. Unfamiliar diseases abounded. No one could be trusted. There was never security or peace for long. In any alley-way an assassin might be lurking, sent down from the Old Man of the Mountain. At any moment the lord might have to rise from his couch to ride out against enemy raiders. At any moment his lady might find herself in charge of the defence of her castle. At any moment the festivities might be interrupted by the sound of the infidel mangonels pounding against the walls. Life was merry, but it was short; and when the crisis came there was no lack of gallantry among the lords and ladies of Outremer. They had tasted with relish the gracious things of life; and they faced their doom with pride and resolution.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Therefore, since we are receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, let us be thankful, and so worship God acceptably with reverence and awe, for our God is a consuming fire.
J. J. Watt|My younger sister had kids before I did, and managed to earn a master's degree while raising them as a single parent. Now she's a brilliant second-grade teacher. I'm in awe of her ability to juggle everything and still be a great mother.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If the soul is immortal, it demands our care not only for that part of time which we call life, but for all time: and indeed it would seem now that it will be extremely dangerous to neglect it. If death were a release from everything, it would be a boon for the wicked. But since the soul is clearly immortal, it can have no escape or security from evil except by becoming as good and wise as it possibly can. For it takes nothing with it to the next world except its education and training: and these, we are told, are of supreme importance in helping or harming the newly dead at the very beginning of his journey there.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Most of us take for granted that time flies, meaning that it passes too quickly. But in the mindful state, time doesn't really pass at all. There is only a single instant of time that keeps renewing itself over and over with infinite variety.
Moveena Rasheed|It was more important for me to try, than to not have the chance at all.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Women are seen as imperfect or unclean, because of a myth of a tempting apple, because they bleed monthly, because they lack equivalent upper body strength.
Phoebe Robinson, You Can't Touch My Hair: And Other Things I Still Have to Explain|At best, us ladies are just a bunch of Mirandas with a slightly better wardrobe and at worst, we're a bunch of Magdas, aka Miranda's housekeeper, which means we're a bunch of nosy bitches who rifle through people's belongings and let them know they masterbate too much.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|It is only too evident that the invisible agitations of the kingdoms within us are arbitrarily set on foot by the thoughts we shelter. Our myriad intuitions are the veiled queens who steer our course through life, though we have no words in which to speak of them. How strangely do we diminish a thing as soon as we try to express it in words!
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What can we see, read, acquire, but ourselves. Take the book, my friend, and read your eyes out, you will never find there what I find.
Amit Chaudhuri, Friend of My Youth|And yet, what seems to be the most intimidating now is not an end in itself, but only a means to a greater end. It must be achieved not because it will mark the end of your struggles, but the beginning of your journey towards the real destination. Remember, this end is but a means.
Peggy Lipton|Southern people are raised with a work ethic. My son is 5 years old and does chores. My mom was a dance teacher, and the training and discipline it takes to be a dancer I've carried with me in Hollywood.
Tom Frieden|I have very diverse tastes in music, and I don't, like, make distinctions between what I can't and can't listen to. In fact, I could never understand why anybody would do that in the first place. My attitude is, 'I can't make music if I don't like music.'
Andrew Lewis|The 21st Century Church must rethink ministry via the lens of technology. While most of them are consumed by their imbalance stance; bathing anointing oil and buying tokens for miracles, their counterparts are ministering to millions using the advancement in technology/internet. A powerful tool in the hands of the believer.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|Don’t you ever cry again, Miss Zarish,” he said in a strict but mild tone. “I would rather die than see tears in your eyes.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The focus on self has led our society into a fascination with pleasure, emotional and sexual stimulation, and “personal fulfillment.” America’s compulsion for “maximum personhood” is evidenced everywhere.
William Henry Hudson, Far Away and Long Ago|I scan the room. Bunnies are always the most plentiful in Canadian cities so I'm not shocked that the Vancouver hotel bar is flooded with them. A very cute blonde smiles when our eyes meet. I raise my beer at her as a hello but cut off any further interaction by turning back to Jordan. "I've probably fucked half this room already," I reply since I recognize a few of the pretty faces. "I'm just taking a breather right now. I'm sure one day soon I'll feel like conquering the other half."He chuckles and shakes his head. "And here I was thinking maybe our little Alex was growing up.
Rowan Williams|I have never quite managed to see how we can make sense of the sacramental life of the Church without a theology of the risen body; and I have never managed to see how to put together such a theology without belief in the empty tomb. If a corpse clearly marked ‘Jesus of Nazareth’ turned up, I should save myself a lot of trouble and become a Quaker.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|The desire for high status is never stronger than in situations where "ordinary" life fails to answer a median need for dignity and comfort.
Gini Koch, Touched by an Alien|You ever flown something before?" (Christopher)"I hold the highest score at A.S.U. for Star Wars: Starfighter." (Kitty)"I know, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that I'm going to regret this." (Christopher)
Ian McDonald|The lovelorn came, too. The alone. The lunatics-they were brought here, sometimes. Got their name from the moon, it was only fair the moon had a chance to fix things.
Andy Flynn|INFINITY is an illusion, we are just too lazy to count...
Thomas Wolfe|The best rules to form a young man, are, to talk little, to hear much, to reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust one's own opinions, and value others that deserve it.
Debasish Mridha|To enlighten your life, see beauty.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Know that it is your birthright to awaken. Seeking Truth is the ultimate quest of every moral citizen. Truth is felt first in the heart, and then the mind. The voice of your conscience comes from your heart, not your mind. The voice of reason comes from your mind, not your heart. Your mind is simply there to reason with your heart. Always listen to your heart first. Those who look for Truth through the mind before the heart will never find Truth. When you come close to Truth, the first sign will be an inner sense of liberation. Truth will NEVER imprison you. Only the repression of your conscience will. This is what is meant by 'THE TRUTH WILL SET YOU FREE'.
Antoine Predock|I've always been a big supporter of the Surfrider Foundation. I started my own foundation, Rob Machado Foundation, which focuses on environmental education for the little people of the world.
Françoise Sagan, Dans un mois, dans un an|Nicole had put on weight. This is the effect which, in three cases out of four, unhappiness has upon women. The process of eating guarantees at least the health of the body.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Nature never repeats herself, and the possibilities of one human soul will never be found in another.
Hosni Mubarak|In each action we must look beyond the action at our past, present, and future state, and at others whom it affects, and see the relations of all those things. And then we shall be very cautious.
Jessye Norman|A great song is a great song, whether it's on vinyl or CD or cassette or reel to reel or mp3. Then again, that might be an overly optimistic view, but I do think that great music will transcend the medium in which it is delivered.
John Cena|We know there are certain chemicals that are designed to give us a rush of pleasure. But, one of the most amazing things about being human is our capacity to override that pleasure. To either say, 'I don't need that pleasure right now. I'm going to ignore the craving.' Or to find something else that we find a deeper sense of reward from.
Sunday Adelaja|As you and I take Personal Responsibility for mending the things that are out of order in our community and nation in general, we would surely witness a transformed, developed and civilized society.
Michel Houellebecq|In societies like ours sex truly represents a second system of differentiation, completely independent of money; and as a system of differentiation it functions mercilessly. The effects of these two systems are, furthermore, strictly equivalent. Just like unrestrained economic liberalism produces phenomena of absolute pauperization. Some men make love every day; others five of six times in their life, or never. Some make love with dozens of women; others with none. It's what's known as 'the law of the market.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Blade of Tyshalle|Never stop being a kid, Richard. Never stop feeling and seeing and being excited with great things like air and engines and sounds of sunlight within you. Wear your little mask if you must to protect you from the world but if you let that kid disappear you are grown up and you are dead.
Maurice Sendak|. . .from their earliest years children live on familiar terms with disrupting emotions, fear and anxiety are an intrinsic part of their everyday lives, they continually cope with frustrations as best they can. And it is through fantasy that children achieve catharsis. It is the best means they have for taming Wild Things.
Sierra Donovan, Do Not Open 'Til Christmas|Are you telling me there is something better out there than icing in a can? Because I’m finding it hard to believe. That’s been my dirty little secret for years.”	In a move he didn’t see coming, she chuckled and then shifted to straddle him until they were chest to chest. “That’s your dirty little secret?” She shook her head. “We’re going to have to work on that.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, On the Banks of Plum Creek|Thorne cleared his throat. "We need to get back to the house. We've already risked drawing enough attention, and she..." He looked at Winter. There was an edge to his expression, like he didn't trust anyone who was more attractive than he was. "...will definitely draw attention.
Rick Rubin|A writer of fiction lives in fear. Each new day demands new ideas, and he can never be sure whether he is going to come up with them or not.
Freddy Sakazaki, Land of the Rising Dead: A Tokyo School Girl's Guide to Surviving the Zombie Apocalypse|If you want the ultimate, you’ve got to be willing to pay the ultimate price. It’s not tragic to die doing what you want.
Diane von Furstenberg|I use a portable pocket ultrasound device instead of a stethoscope to listen to the heart, and I share it with the patient in real time. 'Look at your valve, look at your heart-muscle strength.' So they're looking at it with me. Normally a patient is tested by an ultrasonographer who is not allowed to tell them anything.
Orhan Pamuk|If I fail, I should not fail for lack of trying, but in spite.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If Christians read the Holy Bible, they know the Lord Jesus Christ.
Jonathan Franzen, Freedom|Parents are programmed to want the best for their kids, regardless of what they get in return. That's what love is supposed to be like, right? But in fact, if you think about it, that's kind of a strange belief. Given what we know about the way people really are. Selfish and shortsighted and egotistical and needy. Why should being a parent, in and of itself, somehow confer superior-personhood on everybody who tries it? Obviously it doesn't.
Alfred Tennyson|HopeSmiles from the threshold of the year to come, Whispering 'it will be happier'...
Vernor Vinge|Rehearsals and this band are two words that don't really go together, kinda like Military Intelligence.
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|So, been attacked by any vampires yet?""Not one.""Zombies? Giant spiders? Water monsters?"It's been really quiet on the supernatural front""Too bad, 'cause I got attacked by a devil dog. It was not awesome.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|[Howard's] eyes were open and very clear. I'd forgotten what a beautiful gray they were--illness and medicine had regularly glazed them over; now they were bright and attentive, and he was watching me, consciously, through long lashes. Lungs, heart may have stopped but the optic nerves were still sending messages to a brain which, those who should know tell us, does not immediately shut down. So we stared at each other at the end... 'Can you hear me?' I asked him. 'I know you can see me.' Although there was no breath for speech, he now had a sort of wry wiseguy from the Bronx expression on his face which said clearly to me who knew all his expressions, 'So this is the big fucking deal everyone goes on about.
Cynthia Ozick, Foreign Bodies|There is, perhaps, no class of men on the face of the earth, says Captain Bonneville, who lead a life of more continued exertion, peril, and excitement, and who are more enamored of their occupations, than the free trappers of the West. No tail, no danger, no privation can turn the trapper from his pursuit. His passionate excitement at times resembles mania. In vain may the most vigilant and cruel savages best his path, in vain may rocks and precipices and wintry torrents oppose his progress, let but a single track of a beaver meet his eye, and he forgets all the dangers and defies all difficulties. At times, he may be seen with his traps on his shoulder, buffeting his way across rapid streams, amidst floating blocks of ice: at other times, he is to be found with his traps swung on his back clambering the most rugged mountains, scaling or descending the most frightful precipices, searching, by routes inaccessible to the horse, and never before trodden by white man, for springs and lakes unknown to his comrades, and where he may meet with his favorite game. Such is the mountaineer, the hardy trapper of the West, and such, as we have slightly sketched it, is the wild, Robin Hood kind of life, with all its strange and motley populace, now existing in full vigor among the Rocky Mountains.
American Anthropological Association|...But if we are to say anything important, if fiction is to stay relevant and vibrant, then we have to ask the right questions. All art fails if it is asked to be representative—the purpose of fiction is not to replace life anymore than it is meant to support some political movement or ideology. All fiction reinscribes the problematic past in terms of the present, and, if it is significant at all, reckons with it instead of simply making it palatable or pretty. What aesthetic is adequate to the Holocaust, or to the recent tragedy in Haiti? Narrative is not exculpatory—it is in fact about culpability, about recognizing human suffering and responsibility, and so examining what is true in us and about us. If we’re to say anything important, we require an art less facile, and editors willing to seek it.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|You dumb-ass ape, get your hand off me. What—are you the first in your family to be born without a tail?
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|She had died at age twelve, and by now she was nothing but the memory of love-- nothing, now, but bones.
Henri Nouwen|By 2025, we can expect the world to be completely digital. Paper books will be a thing of the past. Education will be delivered through analytics-based assessment tools and adaptive learning platforms.
Oscar A. Romero, The Violence of Love|The church must suffer for speaking the truth, for pointing out sin, for uprooting sin. No one wants to have a sore spot touched, and therefore a society with so many sores twitches when someone has the courage to touch it and say: “You have to treat that. You have to get rid of that. Believe in Christ. Be converted.
Dawn Hammill, Galiene: A Twelfth-Century Tale of Love and War|I grow more and more intrigued by this as I write: how words, even the most carefully chosen, can mean such different things from one person to another, so that others might think about what I write in ways I did not intend at all.
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|I must be besotted,” he said evenly. “I have the imbecilic idea that you’re the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. Except for your coiffure,” he added, with a disgusted glance at the coils and plumes and pearls. “That is ghastly.”She scowled. “Your romantic effusions leave me breathless.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|That's how lonely and sad I was. Dying is not that hard. Lime the air being sucked slowly out of a room, the will to live was slowly seeping out of me. When you feel like rhat, dying doesn't seem like such a big deal.
Munindra Misra, Goals of Life|Kama purusharth advocates desires fulfilled be,Albeit in awareness, without harming anybody;
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|Success is not a summit to climb, It is an equilibrium where work and life are balanced
John Dryden, Absalom and Achitophel|Nature never rushes, yet everything gets done.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I discuss my beliefs less because I bed my atheist, who cannot believe in much more sacred than our kisses.
ejump - 2017|Integrity to yourself, honesty to others..trust yourself to be trusted ...simple..(Ejump,2017)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If you treat an individual as he is, he will remain how he is. But if you treat him as if he were what he ought to be and could be, he will become what he ought to be and could be.
Robert Smith|It's good to have plans and dreams, but don't be surprised if God brings you somewhere else.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|Without risk in our lives, we’re scarcely better than machines ourselves.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Unless they are off duty, no matter how wide it is, and even when it is sincere, a smile seems fake if the job description of the person who is smiling includes smiling.
D.L. Hess, Sir|I’m not going to deny that I want to fuck you. I can’t promise a future or that I’ll be some sniveling boyfriend who pines away after you once I go back to L.A. But I will say that I have plans for you if you say yes.“I can promise you that I’m going to take you to new heights that you’ve never imagined. That I’ll make you feel pleasure so intense that you forget your name. I’ll fuck you so good, for so long that the only thing you’ll crave is my hands on your skin, my cock deep in your pussy.“If you let me, Tori, I’ll open up a whole new world to you. I’ll make you fly.
Mark Hall, Your Own Jesus: A God Insistent on Making It Personal|Understanding and truly accepting God's forgiveness is the incubator to a meaningful walk with Jesus. As we escape the dregs of compromise to walk in purity and obedience, we are free to grow on God's timetable if we ignore the lies of the unholy world. And only by avoiding faulty human logic can we give our lives over to the seeming risk of a God who is actually unable to be anything but faithful.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|I can’t do that,” he said, exhaling sharply and staring out the glass into the street.“Why not?”His face softened. “I need his money.”Spencer looked at me and I couldn’t help but stare back. We were all in the same boat, prisoners to GREED.
JCrov|I may not give you the forgiveness you're asking, but i'm giving you forever to make me forgive you.
Beth Henley|It's sad and upsetting when you see somebody crying hysterically, but at the same time it's real funny.
Matt Haig, The Humans|If someone looks into your eyes, I read in a book one time, he'll see right into your soul. I didn't want anyone to see into my soul.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Postmodern irony and cynicism's become an end in itself, a measure of hip sophistication and literary savvy. Few artists dare to try to talk about ways of working toward redeeming what's wrong, because they'll look sentimental and naive to all the weary ironists. Irony's gone from liberating to enslaving. ... The postmodern founders' patricidal work was great, but patricide produces orphans, and no amount of revelry can make up for the fact that writers my age have been literary orphans throughout our formative years.
Barack Obama|They had been talking about astrology, a forbidden science that was not pursued in the cloister. Narcissus had said that astrology was an attempt to arrange and order the many different types of human beings according to their natures and destinies. At this point Goldmund had objected: "You're forever talking of differences - I've finally recognised a pet theory of yours. When you speak of the great difference that is supposed to exist between you and me, for instance, it seems to me that this difference is nothing but your strange determination to establish differences."Narcissus: "Yes. You've hit the nail on the head. That's it: to you, differences are quite unimportant; to me, they are what matters most. I am a scholar by nature; science is my vocation. And science is, to quote your words, nothing but the 'determination to establish differences.' Its essence couldn't be defined more accurately. For us, the men of science, nothing is as important as the establishment of differences; science is the art of differentiation. Discovering in every man that which distinguishes him from others is to know him.
Dani Harper, First Bite|I really hate you."It was loud and clear in his brain. "Your first words. How sweet." "Get out of my head. You’re not invited.""This is how Changelings communicate as wolves. Get used to it." He picked his way through the bushes to get closer to her – although he was prepared to dodge if she decided to bite him again. "Are you okay?""My head hurts. No thanks to you.""Yeah, well my ass hurts. No thanks to you.
David Levithan, Invisibility|I wriggle slowly out of the snug little cubby of blankets. Taking a shower. Letting the cool morning breeze that blows through the open windows gently caress my naked flesh. I savor the mild sun.For a while, i luxuriate in the feel of the soft towel against my skin and then, the breeze picks up and feels like a thousand miniature tongues licking the beads of water from my body. Today, no expectations. Lots of time for stretching and waking up slowly. The smell of fresh brewed coffee tickles my nose. Mornings like these make life so delicious – Nice!
Amy Leigh Mercree|Sharing your kindness sparks understanding all around. Then like fireflies in the night, twinkling love surrounds you.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Some people have the coldest smiles, but have the tenderest hearts. And many have the most tender smiles, but carry the coldest hearts. You cannot judge a man by his smile, but you can judge a man by his heart. The smallest actions reveal the most about a hearts true color, so pay attention to them. Actions are the true words of the heart.
Paul W.S. Bowler, Blue Eyeshadow|I want to go home.”“Impossible. You’re here now.”“But why?”“Jane Ezrael,” Anubis says, “you’re dead.
Alyson Larrabee, Her Evil Ways|When I look up from my book, the wind has gained its full voice. This storm is the mad child of Father Time and Mother Nature. Wailing away in no predictable rhythm, their monstrous offspring’s throwing a hackle-raising temper tantrum. Underscoring the hideous howl, I detect another, quieter sound, a pitiable, weak whimper which has been all but completely drowned out by the epic volume of the screaming wind. With slowly dawning terror, I realize this cowardly voice is my own; escaping through the narrow opening of my barely parted lips. Where’s my dad? Why is he taking so long?The weather ignores my whining questions and continues to whip itself into a raging convulsion. The windows rattle and the wind screams. But the sounds are no longer random.In the midst of the chaos, the howling begins to form an elongated word. Horrified, I recognize the stretched out syllables of my own name.“Aaaaannaaaaabelle.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|We came, Takver thought, from a great distance to each other. We have always done so. Over great distances, over years, over abysses of chance. It is because he comes from so far away that nothing can separate us. Nothing, no distances, no years, can be greater than the distance that's already between us, the distance of our sex, the differences of our being, our minds; that gap, that abyss which we bridge with a look, with a touch, with a word, the easiest thing in the world. Look how far away he is, asleep. Look how far away he is, he always is. But he comes back, he comes back, he comes back....
Cornell Woolrich, Angels of Darkness|Every life is a mystery. And every story of every life is a mystery. But it is not what happens that is the mystery. It is whether it has to happen no matter what, whether it is ordered and ordained, fixed and fated, or whether it can be missed, avoided, circumvented, passed by; that is the mystery.If she had not come along the Via Piemonte that day, would it still have happened? If she had come along the Via Piemonte that day, but ten minutes later than she did, would it still have happened? Therein lies the real mystery. And no one ever knows, and no one ever will.("For The Rest Of Her Life")
Nicholas Sparks, Message in a Bottle|But even though she was attractive, there was something else about her that caught his eye. She was intelligent, he could sense that right away, and confident, too, as if she were able to move through life on her own terms. To him, these were the things that really mattered. Without them, beauty was nothing.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|The difference between the love of a man and the love of a woman is that a man will always give reasons for loving, but a woman gives no reasons for loving.
Billy Ray Cyrus|If you can believe in God, then you can believe in anything. It's a gang mentality.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|I am vehemently grateful that, by whatever means, I learned to assume that loneliness should be in part pleasure, sensitizing and clarifying, and that it is even a truer bond among people than any kind of proximity.
John Buchan, Castle Gay|I get into a tearing passion about something I know very little about, and when I learn more my passion ebbs away.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Francie, huddled with other children of her kind, learned more that first day than she realized. She learned of the class system of a great Democracy.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|When things go wrong, you'll find they usually go on getting worse for some time; but when things once start going right they often go on getting better and better.
John Eldredge, Wild At Heart|If only I can find him... the man who will be intelligent, yet physically magnetic and personable. If I can offer that combination, why shouldn't I expect it in a man?
J. Budziszewski|People of great faith are almost always lacking in reason, while people possessed of great reason often suffer from a pitiful lack of faith. So it always happens that people of great faith can move the world but cannot steer it, while people possessed of great reason excel at steering the world but are hopeless at moving it
Ellen Key|We can score political points. We can try to advance some important initiatives. But at some point, it takes sober-minded, responsible conservative leaders to identify when you've pushed as far as you can and to have the courage to go back and face the electorate and explain to them why you voted the way you did.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|For a while, Criticism travels side by side with the Work, then Criticism vanishes and it's the Readers who keep pace. The journey may be long or short.
Lisa Cron, Wired for Story: The Writer's Guide to Using Brain Science to Hook Readers from the Very First Sentence|Sixteen unseeing stone of disheveled male slammed into her; Robin was knocked off her feet and catapulted backwards, handbag flying, arms windmilling, towards the void beyond the lethal staircase.
Michel Foucault, The Order of Things: An Archaeology of the Human Sciences|From the point of view of wealth, there is no difference between need, comfort and pleasure
Dada Bhagwan|As illusory attachment (moha) spread, one sunk deeper and deeper into the pit.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|One could make a nice link between imagination and spirit. To make that link, all we need is some inspiration. Essentially, imagination has the innate potential to compel or inspire and to set in motion causation. That’s why it exists.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Faith gives you confidence, strength and hope; vital for any accomplishment
Jennifer Rush, Reborn|You may be deceived if you trust too much, but you will live in torment if you don't trust enough.
|I love the life that living not because I have achieved all my dreams, but because I am very grateful for every little blessing in my life. I grew up hearing that 'half a loaf of bread is better than none.
Lateefah Simon|I’m happiest when I’m with young people. Their wisdom, grief, and optimism motivates me to work harder – and inspires me to be better, more thoughtful and to move with increased reverence. I find joy in children.
Janna Levin|Thank you for the confidence put in my by the motherland and the people, for giving me this chance to represent China's millions of women by going into space.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|We cannot leave, but that does not mean we will stay—stay in the same place in the same system that profits from recycling us at the bottom. We will disrupt it. Build our own space that will swallow bits and pieces of theirs. We were waiting for permission, waiting for the Darkness to acknowledge our worth, but we’ve always had the power to make it come to be.
M.R. Graham, The Medium|Conscious access to memory is a unique trait of living things, but memory itself is not. It's encoded in the minute vibrations between elementary particles. Our entire universe is built of information given shape. Part of that is its history. Its memory.
J.R. Ward, Lover Mine|Fuck off with your sofa units and strine green stripe patterns, I say never be complete, I say stop being perfect, I say let... lets evolve, let the chips fall where they may.
Ken Liu, The Paper Menagerie and Other Stories|Time's arrow is the loss of fidelity in compression. A sketch, not a photograph. A memory is a re-creation, precious because it is both more and less than the original.
ryanmills|In fact, the idea of a God who is both all-powerful and all good is a logical impossibility.
Reif Larsen, The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet|there were worse things than feeling guilty, like feeling dead.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend|I hate this night. I hate that it makes me a person so truly removed from the real me; this man who sits in silence in his parlor – purposely quarantined from his family – is not who I want to be. But on Halloween night, this awful impostor wafts over me like morning fog, and I know there’s no resisting him. Like one anticipates the common cold brought on by a harsh winter, I know this broken and terrified man will soon be visiting when the evening of October 31st falls upon us. And on this yearly autumn night, he will sit and drink. And remember.
Jack White|Every snapshot collector has obsessions. Some only collect photos of cars. Others like World War II, or babies, or old-timey girls in old-timey swimsuits. I happen to collect the weird stuff: photos that make the hair on the back of your neck stand up a little. The uncanny.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|I learned that the search for God is a Dark Night, that Faith is a Dark Night. And that’s hardly a surprise really, because for us each day is a dark night. None of us knows what might happen even the next minute, and yet still we go forward. Because we trust. Because we have Faith.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to be really beautiful, adorn yourself with a smile.
Charles Bukowski, You Get So Alone at Times That it Just Makes Sense|as long as there arehuman beings aboutthere is never going to beany peacefor any individualupon this earth (oranywhere elsethey mightescape to).all you can dois maybe grabten lucky minuteshereor maybe an hourthere.somethingis working toward youright now, andI mean youand nobody butyou.
Nhat Hanh|The Internet is a cauldron of anger every day, every year, election year or not, with unemployment at 10 percent or at two percent. It isn't exactly a good index of what's happening.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|I know what I want, I have a goal, an opinion, I have a religion and love. Let me be myself and then I am satisfied. I know that I’m a woman, a woman with inward strength and plenty of courage.
Diane Kruger|Mommy smoked but she didn't want us to. She saw smoke coming out of the barn one time, so we got whipped.
Patti Callahan Henry, Between The Tides|Cheating and lying aren't struggles, they're reasons to break up.
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|No matter what the good boys tell you, criminality is not a level playing field.
William Shatner|Dignity is as essential to human life as water, food, and oxygen.
Nicholas Carr, The Glass Cage: How Our Computers Are Changing Us|I leave his house feeling blissed. It is not the same feeling like when you get a present from someone, you buy things you desire, or you receive good news. It is something intrinsic that stems from solicitude, which triggers your conscience to carry out something good - in my case, helping Mr Mario. That is how righteousness works. It does not only give pleasure to the receiver (of good action), but to the giver as well.
Debasish Mridha|t takes great courage to stand up against your fixed, false beliefs.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you deprive yourself of happiness, you deprive yourself your sense of being.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|In my experience, self-hatred is the dominant malaise crippling Christians and stifling their growth in the Holy Spirit.
Seanan McGuire, Every Heart a Doorway|None of this is real, my dear. Not this house, not this conversation, not those shoes you're wearing--which are several years out of style if you're trying to reacclimatize yourself to the ways of your peers, and are not proper mourning shoes if you're trying to hold fast to your recent past--and not either one of us. 'Real' is a four-letter-word, and I'll thank you to use it as little as possible while you live under my roof.
E. Leo Foster, The Exiles|Don't know what hurts me more, talking or not talking to him.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|He was looking for a brightness, a resolve, a triumph over tomorrow that hardly seemed to be there. Perhaps he had expected their faces to burn and glitter with the knowledge they carried, to glow as lanterns glow, with the light in them...They weren't at all certain that the things they carried in their heads might make every future dawn glow with a purer light, they were sure of nothing save that the books were on file behind their quiet eyes, the books were waiting, with their pages uncut, for the customers who might come by in later years, some with clean and some with dirty fingers.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|And it is you, spirit--with will and energy, and virtue and purity--that I want, not alone with your brittle frame.
Anton du Beke|I love auditioning. Since 'The Notebook' and 'Wedding Crashers,' I don't have to audition anymore, and I miss it. You get to show your interpretation of the character. I get nervous when I don't audition. What if they hate what I want to do?
Matt Prokop|When I was five years old, I told my parents that I wanted to take ballet. So, ballet was the focus of my life... until puberty. Then I discovered boys and started dating a guy with a mohawk who'd come to my ballet class and freak everybody out. Shortly after that is when I quit.
Rashmit Kalra|Without that forgiveness, that peace, no heart is ever happy. There is always an inner struggle. Pain. Only when God has been invited in-to manage one's life, to direct one's thinking, to be in control-can one ever get away from all the conflicts inside. We have to stop struggling against His will before we can find real joy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|And while he sat there on the end of the jetty, he’d let the sound of the waves fill his ears, watch the clouds and schools of tiny sweetfish, take pebbles he’d pocketed on the way and throw them out into the deep. Then when dusk began to settle he would retrace his steps, back to his own world. And on the way home, a loneliness would always claim his heart. He could never quite get a grip on what it was. It just seemed that whatever lay waiting “out there” was all too vast, too overwhelming for him to possibly ever make a dent in.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|And then, despite all these concerns, Arnette felt her mind begin to loosen, the images of the day unwinding inside her like a spool of thread, pulling her down into sleep.
Terry a O'Neal|No" works just fine as a complete sentence. You don't have to explain yourself.I said no, then stopped talking.
John Ortberg, The Life You've Always Wanted: Spiritual Disciplines for Ordinary People|Why am I so weak, why do I care so much?What is holding on, what's wrong with me..
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The ego lusts for satisfaction. It has a prideful ferocious appetite for its version of "truth". It is the most challenging aspect to conquer; the cause for most spiritual turmoil.
Lauren Myracle, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Unknowingly, he prepared me to survive the rest of my days with the way he shielded himself from emotional vulnerabilities that slowly destroy the rest of us.
R. Scott Bakker, The Warrior Prophet|Consequences lost all purchase when they became mad. And desperation, when pressed beyond anguish, became narcotic.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|I imagine there must be only a very, very few men in the world, that I should like to marry; and of those few, it is ten to one I may never be acquainted with one; or if I should, it is twenty to one he may not happen to be single, or to take a fancy to me.
Nenia Campbell, Black Beast|I wrought me a lyric of fire and fear,And called on the world to heed —Till strong men blenched at my haggard faceAnd shuddered, but would not read.So I stole me the gold of the mines of JoyAnd fashioned a conscious lie —And they gave me the wreath of the kings of SongAnd prayed that I might not die!(For the lie that I wrought was as old as the worldAnd dear as the vision of Heaven —Of the crimson lure of a maiden's lipsAnd the myth of a sin forgiven!)But my heart was sick, and my soul grew less, With the light of my failing days,Because I had lied to my Knowledge-GodFor the pottage of human praise.O I clung to the rim of the cliffs of HellAnd called on an empty Name —Till there dropped the tears of a weeping TruthAnd saved my soul from the flame.So I hid my soul in a maiden's hair,And climbed to a clearer view —And I found I had lied to a lying God,And the myth I had sung - was true!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In love, a divine self manifest.
William Shakespeare, The Passionate Pilgrim|Words are easy, like the wind; Faithful friends are hard to find.
Dennis F. Larsen, The Living Hunger|Both [Satan and Melkor/Morgoth] are loud in their defiance, claiming that they would "rather rule in hell than serve in heaven". One might have admired these rebel angels if one believed their defiance was in the name of liberty- however, both lied. Their rebellions were only provoked by envy and the usurpers' wishes to take the perceived tyrants' place. Never were two more natural tyrants than Morgoth and Satan.
Roopleen|Desires and wishes don’t lead to success. Plans and efforts do. Create a vision, chalk out an action plan, put in your best efforts and give yourself a headstart in achieving your dreams.
Matt      Chandler|J.R.R. Tolkien told a questioning correspondent, life's purpose is to know, praise, and thank God.
José Saramago, The Gospel According to Jesus Christ|From horses we may learn not only about the horse itself but also about animals in general, indeed about ourselves and about life as a whole.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|The current ruling ontology denies any possibility of a social causation of mental illness. The chemico-biologization of mental illness is of course strictly commensurate with its depoliticization. Considering mental illness an individual chemico-biological problem has enormous benefits for capitalism. First, it reinforces Capital’s drive towards atomistic individualization (you are sick because of your brain chemistry). Second, it provides an enormously lucrative market in which multinational pharmaceutical companies can peddle their pharmaceuticals (we can cure you with our SSRls). It goes without saying that all mental illnesses are neurologically instantiated, but this says nothing about their causation. If it is true, for instance, that depression is constituted by low serotonin levels, what still needs to be explained is why particular individuals have low levels of serotonin. This requires a social and political explanation; and the task of repoliticizing mental illness is an urgent one if the left wants to challenge capitalist realism.
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Do you know who Samuel Langhorne Clemens is, Antonio?” Bessie asked.“No, chood I?” he said. “He is best known as Mark Twain, the author of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer,” she said.“I have herd of the story, but I hav not red the booc,” he said.“Well, you should read it,” she said. “It is excellent reading. An American classic. Mark Twain worked in Schoharie for a while,” she said.“Is that so?” he said.“Yes, he worked as a brakeman on the Schoharie railroad station on Depot Street the winter of 1879, three years after he wrote his famous book,” Bessie said.“Why would he do that, a famos author?” Antonio asked.“A self-published author, I should add.
Charles Forbes René de Montalembert|If a country is not governed well, all sort of disasters will become a routine of that country!
Eleanor Roosevelt|Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
Aberjhani, The American Poet Who Went Home Again|In following your inclinations and moving toward mastery, you make a great contribution to society, enriching it with discoveries and insights, and making the most of the diversity in nature and among human society.
Daniel Walker, God in a Brothel: An Undercover Journey Into Sex Trafficking and Rescue|...if that energy could have been channelled into anything more than noise, waste and pain it would have lighted up Indochina for a thousand years.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|if you want to make a human being into a monster, deny them, at the cultural level, any reflection of themselves.
Erik Tomblin|Things will happen that you can’t prevent, things will fall apart that you can’t hold together, but ultimately you’re shaping yourself and that final product speaks volumes about who you really are, not what people see you as or what you want to be.
Stanley Baldwin|Ultimately, knowing God and reading the Word, it helps with patience with people, understanding, empathy and sympathy that they might not have that I have. If God gave it to me, why not exercise it?
Vishwas Chavan|Perhaps we don’t progress, because there are so many views – so many paths to peace and happiness – that we get hung up on each path’s differences. Trying to sort out right from wrong when the rights mean so much to us that we can’t look at them objectively.
Amanda M. Lyons, Wendy Won't Go|Unlike the rest he had seen of the bungalow, the hall beyond the door was dark. He could see the glimmer of three doors and several framed photographs lined up along the walls. The sound of flies was louder, though they didn’t seem to be in the hall itself. Now that he was closer they sounded even more like someone groaning feebly, and the rotten smell was stronger too.
Debasish Mridha|What you are searching for with love, life will give you.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|I want her beyond reason. I need to own, consume, worship, devour. What I've made of her in my mind cannot live in flesh.
Debasish Mridha|We must be courageous yet humble and do what is right not what will make you popular,
James Patterson, The Angel Experiment|Dear God," said Nudge under her breath, "I want real parents. But I want them to want me too. I wantthem to love me. I already love them. Please see what you can do. Thanks very much. Love, Nudge."Okay, so I'm not saying we were pros at this or anything. (Max thoughts)
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|Of course, some families cannot be saved and their children cannot be returned. Yet, even then, their love for each other must be worth something.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|To love somebody is not just a strong feeling -- it is a decision, it is a judgment, it is a promise," writes psychologist Erich Fromm. "If love were only a feeling, there would be no basis for the promise to love each other forever. A feeling comes and it may go. How can I judge that it will stay forever, when my act does not involve judgment and decision?
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|The thing about the black market is, it’s racist. White children make useful slaves, too.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|I say to myself: "Who are you to measure infinite power?
Scott Adams|Nothing rekindles my spirits, gives comfort to my heart and mind, more than a visit to Mississippi... and to be regaled as I often have been, with a platter of fried chicken, field peas, collard greens, fresh corn on the cob, sliced tomatoes with French dressing... and to top it all off with a wedge of freshly baked pecan pie.
Cathy Huges|If you allow yourself to be bogged down and lose your enthusiasm, you are dead in the water. But if you remain optimistic, cheerful and committed to your goal, there’s nothing that can stop you.
Garrett Leigh, Only Love|every human being who is born into this universe is like a child who has been given a key to an infinite Library, written in cyphers that are more or less obscure, arranged by a scheme—of which we can at first know nothing, other than that there does appear to be some scheme.
Ronda Thompson, Confessions of a Werewolf Supermodel|Lou, honey, I'll buy you a new pair of shoes if you'll stop flashing your panties at everyone sitting across the room from us. You are wearing panties, right?"I glance up and across at Stefan. His words register a moment later and my head swivels toward the other side of the room. There are a number of people staring at me. One of them is Detective Terry Shay. Or I think it is. He's not looking directly at me. He's looking up my skirt
Jennifer E. Smith, The Comeback Season|She looked away, trying not to cry. She hated crying, and in public she hated it more.
Rumer Godden, In This House of Brede|My nation, as all nations, is becoming a land without peace, without thought, without mind, Madam Abbess. We are suffocating our spirits in commercial and material things. This is not envy," said Mr. Konishi earnestly. "I am a rich man, with much business, so I have succeeded in all these things, but I know that they are empty.
Audre Lorde, Zami: A New Spelling of My Name|Jefferson, who spent his life collecting books, many of which he donated to the Library of Congress, boasted that America was the only country whose farmers read Homer. “A native of America who cannot read or write,” said John Adams, “is as rare an appearance . . . as a Comet or an Earthquake.
Benjamin E. Mays|Life is so fresh, life is every day so new if we are fighting, only for the best. Sometimes I think the only real satisfaction in life is failure, failure in your endeavor to do your best.
Paul Theroux, The Old Patagonian Express: By Train Through the Americas|And yet on that bench at Jacobacci, I was glad I had left everyone else behind. Although this was a town with a main street and a railway station, and people with dogs and electric lights it was near enough to the end of the earth to give me the impression that I was a solitary explorer in a strange land. That illusion (which was an illusion in the South Pole and at the headwaters of the Nile) was enough of a satisfaction to me to make me want to go forward.
James Russell Lingerfelt, Alabama Irish|Yellow swallowtail butterflies, with their charcoal striped wings, were all over the wildflowers. The woodpeckers rattled away in the trees. Two weeks ago, those sounds were annoying to me, but now, it sounds more like a song. I stopped to ask myself what was wrong with me, for everything to be so awesome in the world, and then I remembered. So this is what being in love is like.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|Life in a box is better than no life at all, I expect. You'd have a chance at least. You could lie there thinking: Well, at least I'm not dead.
Patrick Modiano, So You Don't Get Lost in the Neighborhood|Saul stared at his Whisky Sour. He hadn’t heard from Zoe in about a week. Maybe she had lost interest.	All at once, the room was filled with people laughing, talking about how wonderful it was to be a couple. He was mildly amused at how disconcerting being alone felt. He had met Zoe about a month ago, when he helped her cross a busy boulevard. Yet, it seemed like he had known her for years.	He stepped outside to call and leave another message.
Eugen Herrigel|Think of the jazz improv artist responding to the musical banter among her fellow players onstage. Aside from whatever training they've done in advance, as soon as the curtain opens, they move into unknown territory together, creating something new each time by remaining in a state of undivided presence.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|In the simple moral maxim the Marine Corps teaches — do the right thing, for the right reason — no exception exists that says: unless there's criticism or risk. Damn the consequences.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|Coach said. "the quality of a man's life is in direct proportion to his commitment to excellence, regardless of his chosen field of endeavor".
Mia Ross, Jingle Bell Romance|Paige cleared her throat. “Hey, Taylor?”	“What?” she snapped.	“Um...he...maybe he can help us?”	“He doesn’t seem very helpful,” Taylor said grumpily.
ykr deepak|I miss you Annabeth. I know it’s wrong, but I can’t stop thinkin’ about you. I think about you all the damn time.
Roz Savage, Rowing the Atlantic: Lessons Learned on the Open Ocean|I like "multi-"...multiplicity, multicultural, multiplication etc. Any contribution to diversification and value augmentation is achievement.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|And there it was. He knew it, and I knew it. There was nothing left for me to do. Do you know how hard it is to say nothing ? When every atom of you strains to do the opposite? I just tried to be, tried to absorb the man I loved through osmosis, tried to imprint what I had left of him on myself. I did not speak...
Mia Asher, Arsen: A Broken Love Story|They say being in love and loving someone are two different things, right? I mean, you love your best friend, but you love your husband, right? Falling in love with someone is easy. It's loving when the newness has worn off, when life gets tough, when things get in the way, when physical passion is gone, that true love remains. When love can conquer it all.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan didn’t lose any of his beguiling ways when he became the fallen prince. He took his charm, his subtleties, and his clever plots to use on us.
Sue J Daniels|Unprocessed intense emotion goes underground and creates a subconscious block that can be released as soon as the original event is integrated in the mind, heart, and body.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Don't lies eventually lead to the truth? And don't all my stories, true or false, tend toward the same conclusion? Don't they all have the same meaning? So what does it matter whether they are true or false if, in both cases, they are significant of what I have been and what I am? Sometimes it is easier to see clearly into the liar than into the man who tells the truth. Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object.
Charlie Pierce|I have a zombie apocalypse kit at my house. I've got freeze dried food, I've got a real deal medical kit, like, a doctor could perform a surgery with this medical kit. I got all kinds of everything.
Ujjwal Chugh, How to Crack the SSB - Services Selection Board|Live life like a Legend, and society will start acknowledging you as a great Entrepreneur !
Roz Savage, Rowing the Atlantic: Lessons Learned on the Open Ocean|The Lord has made us to be creative, and the sense of achievement will help to lift our spirits.
Jason Isbell|When I hear somebody like Hayes Carll write a song that's touching and poignant and sad and funny all at the same time, it motivates me to step my game up and try to figure out a way to get more different emotions into one line or one song.
Diane English|We want 'Doll & Em' to be something we're proud of. We'd love to do another series, but it's not the be-all and end-all. Our friendship is the be-all and end-all.
Pete Seeger|Most of them don't know what communism is, could not pick it out of a lineup. They only know what anticommunism is. The two are practically unrelated.
Christy Aldridge|Where’s the trail to Cold Mountain?Cold Mountain? There’s no clear way.Ice, in summer, is still frozen.Bright sun shines through thick fog.You won’t get there following me.Your heart and mine are not the same.If your heart was like mine,You’d have made it, and be there!
Claudia Adrienne Grandi|If I had a single flower for every time I think about you, I could walk forever in my garden.
Dada Bhagwan|Regardless of the amount of kashays [anger, pride, deceit, greed] the other person creates, if you win over the kashays with the Gnan [real knowledge] abundance from within, when the kashays have no effect on you from within, then it is considered as winning the world.
Emma Bull, War for the Oaks|Every motion she made was slow, as if she’d never before put her arms around a man, and didn’t know for certain where everything fit. When at last they were pressed close, she didn’t think she’d know how to let go when the time came. They summarized the course of passion with kisses: a chaste, half-frightened brush of the lips metamorphosed into something fierce and fast-burning, which in its turn became a more patient, more intimate touch, full of inquiry and shared pleasure.
Saru Singhal|March 22, 2014I have found the truth in the lies I told myself. I thought I could run from this woman, but she continues to chase me. In my mind, my heart, she’s always there. An entire bottle of whiskey can’t drown out her voice. I wake up each morning hoping it will finally be the day that I get over her. But then night falls and memories of her begin to torture me until sleep is no longer an option. Each night I fall into this abyss of nothingness, feeling only the emptiness of not having her beside me.I have found the truth in the lies I told myself. I slept with another woman, all the while wishing it was her and I still went through with it.What a fool I was. I still long to feel the satisfaction I was supposed to have felt that night. I still long to feel the freedom I’d hoped to gain from seeking refuge in the arms of another woman. But I’ll never be free of her. It will take an eternity to break out of these shackles.For one month, ONE month I couldn’t keep my dick in my pants and yet for two years I haven’t even so much as looked at another woman. I’ve remained completely faithful to a memory. Devoted to her smile.Committed to her ever-changing green eyes. I have read through the past entries in this journal and I noticed that I have never used her name. As if inking it would somehow solidify the feelings I think I’ve always felt.I have found the truth in the lies I told myself. I do love her.Love is this painful.
Richard Paul Evans, The Gift|I cannot for the life of me understand why small children take so long to grow up. I think they do it deliberately, just to annoy me.
Ian McEwan, Amsterdam|When she found a place of her ownand packed her bags he asked her to marry him. She kissed him, and quoted in his ear,"He married a woman to stop her getting away, Now she’s there all day.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|All of the emotions that hit people at times like these, all of them, were coursing through us both like a secret we couldn’t tell. Because if we said everything we were thinking and feeling right then…if we laid it all out for one another…we might not like the way the words strung together. Or the way fear and hope and bitterness and love mashed up into one big mess in the pits of our stomachs.
William Congreve|Words, especially when yelled in anger, can be very damaging to a child's self-confidence. The child probably already feels bad enough just from seeing the consequences of his or her behavior. Our sons and daughters don't need more guilt and self-doubt heaped upon their already wounded egos.
Albert Camus|Every time I hear a political speech or I read those of our leaders, I am horrified at having, for years, heard nothing which sounded human. It is always the same words telling the same lies.
G.A. Aiken|Annwyl didn't know or care. She hated the gods, pretty much all of them. But more than gods, she hated humans who did horrible things while proclaiming themselves holy and righteous because of their gods.Yet of all the holy sycophants she'd had to deal with the last few years, Annwyl loathed most of all Priestess Abertha, the sister of Duke Salebiri and the biggest hypocrite Annwyl had ever had the displeasure of meeting... Annwyl liked to call her, Priestess Fucking Abertha
William K. Wimsatt, The Intentional Fallacy|Is not a critic," asks Professor Stoll, "... a judge, who does not explore his own consciousness, but determines the author's meaning or intention, as if the poem were a will, a contract, or the constitution?
Theodore Roosevelt|If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
Jen Wilde|I know I'll never be able control what other people think. It's not my job to convince others of who I am. My only job is to be who I am. All I can do is find what makes me happy, and live it.
Charles P. Kindleberger, Manias, Panics, and Crashes: A History of Financial Crises|Neoclassical economics is precisely the theory one would expect a vastly complex system of international corporations, world markets, and interconnected currencies to create to sustain, justify, explain, and predict "itself." And classical economics, correspondingly, was a predictable expression of an earlier European capitalism.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|My father told me once that we are on earth to learn. God wants us to receive everything that life was meant to teach. Then we take what we've learned, and it becomes our offering to God and to mankind. But we have to live in order to learn. And sometimes we have to fight in order to live.
Sandra Chambers, Lord, It's Boring in My Prayer Closet: How to Revitalize Your Prayer Life|We do not want to be beginners (at prayer), but let us be convinced of the fact that we will never be anything but beginners all of our lives. --Thomas Merton
Angela Carter, Wise Children|No greater love hath a man than he lay down his life for his brother. Not for millions, not for glory, not for fame. For one person, in the dark where no one will ever know or see.
Sarah Léonard, The Future We Want: Radical Ideas for the New Century|Popular magazine articles and Oprah-style television shows falsely represent work-life balance as an individual challenge, a lifestyle choice available to all women. The feminism on offer is woefully thin and unpleasurable. On the high end of the income scale, feminism seems to mean working even more than men. The media celebrate women such as Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer and former secretary of state and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton for her brutal work ethics--magazine articles report, awestruck, they they barely sleep, that their staffs struggle to match their work hours, that they've become the rare female leaders in their spheres by laboring harder than male colleagues. Mayer reported proudly that while at Google, she would sleep under her desk. By this measure, feminism, that Utopian striving for equality that we've carried through centuries of opposition, is boiled down merely to the right to work ourselves to death. If feminism means the right to sleep under my desk, then screw it. And this is a vision that can be palatable, just barely, only at the high end of the economy where work is plausibly couched in self-actualization. . . . If any feminism is going to be worth its name, it will improve the lives of all women instead of setting them in competition with each other or applying only to this or that region or income stratum. Liberal feminism would grant women the right to compete. A radical feminism would grant women a good life in which they have real power.
Jonathan Gash, The Great California Game|I was simultaneously elated and depressed, a common enough state of mind these days when people are offered a great deal of money to do something repugnant.
Ogden Nash|Higgledy piggledy, my black hen,She lays eggs for gentlemen.Gentlemen come every dayTo count what my black hen doth lay.If perchance she lays too many,They fine my hen a pretty penny;If perchance she fails to lay,The gentlemen a bonus pay.Mumbledy pumbledy, my red cow,She’s cooperating now.At first she didn’t understandThat milk production must be planned;She didn’t understand at firstShe either had to plan or burst,But now the government reportsShe’s giving pints instead of quarts.Fiddle de dee, my next-door neighbors,They are giggling at their labors.First they plant the tiny seed,Then they water, then they weed,Then they hoe and prune and lop,They they raise a record crop,Then they laugh their sides asunder,And plow the whole caboodle under.Abracadabra, thus we learnThe more you create, the less you earn.The less you earn, the more you’re given,The less you lead, the more you’re driven,The more destroyed, the more they feed,The more you pay, the more they need,The more you earn, the less you keep,And now I lay me down to sleep.I pray the Lord my soul to takeIf the tax-collector hasn’t got it before I wake.
Debasish Mridha|The more you focus on the positive and the beauty around you, the more positive and peaceful your life will be.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|Life is beautiful, when you make it beautiful
Man Ray|An original is a creation motivated by desire. Any reproduction of an originals motivated be necessity. It is marvelous that we are the only species that creates gratuitous forms. To create is divine, to reproduce is human.
Joyce Brothers|If speaking is silver, then listening is gold.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|Can we only speak when we are fully living what we are saying? If all our words had to cover all our actions, we would be doomed to permanent silence! Sometimes we are called to proclaim God’s love even when we are not yet fully able to live it. Does that mean we are hypocrites? Only when our own words no longer call us to conversion. Nobody completely lives up to his or her own ideals and visions. But by proclaiming our ideals and visions with great conviction and great humility, we may gradually grow into the truth we speak. As long as we know that our lives always will speak louder than our words, we can trust that our words will remain humble.
Andie MacDowell|I like having young assistants in my office; they have energy, and I spend time with them to make sure they understand what we're doing. By investing in them, I'm investing in the magazine. All over 'Vogue,' 'Teen Vogue,' and 'Men's Vogue,' there are people who have been through not only my office but also many other offices at 'Vogue.'
Benay Nordby, The Full Ripened Grain, a Memoir of Healing and Hope|Not to put too fine a point on it, if you want the dream, if you want to sculpt the magic inside your head and heart for real, if you want the recognition, if you want your true identity to be glowing, taking charge and fueling the electricity of life, instead of being stuck and feeling bad. If that’s what you want, you have to let go. By which I mean bolt crop the chains of old – and THAT was by far the hardest thing I’ve done.
Aristotle|I am firmly convinced to-day that, generally speaking, it is in youth that men lay the essential groundwork of their creative thought, wherever that creative thought exists. I make a distinction between the wisdom of age- which can only arise from the greater profundity and foresight that are based on the experiences of a long life- and the creative genius of youth, which blossoms out in thoughts and ideas with inexhaustible fertility, without being able to put these into practice immediately, because of their very superabundance. These furnish the building materials and plans for the future; and it is from them that age takes the stones and builds the edifice, unless the so-called wisdom of the years may have smothered the creative genius of youth.
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|Fear is not a sin in the taiga, but cow­ardice is [..].
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|After the war of course it will be like the start of spring, which is always so brilliantly sudden. The leaves will burst back onto the trees and close the gaps between the branches and we shall be startled - shan't we? - s we are startled at the end of every winter. We shall think: oh, I had quite forgotten there were three livable seasons.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|His chief form of entertainment was reading. The last moments he was in a cabin were usually spent scanning bookshelves and nightstands. The life inside a book always felt welcoming to Knight. It pressed no demands on him, while the world of actual human interactions was so complex. Conversations between people can move like tennis games, swift and unpredictable. There are constant subtle visual and verbal cues, there's innuendo, sarcasm, body language, tone. Everyone occasionally fumbles an encounter, a victim of social clumsiness. It's part of being human.To Knight, it all felt impossible. His engagement with the written word might have been the closest he could come to genuine human encounters. The stretch of days between thieving raids allowed him to tumble into the pages, and if he felt transported he could float in bookworld, undisturbed, for as long as he pleased.
Karen Russell, St. Lucy's Home for Girls Raised by Wolves|I look for my sister but it's hopeless. The goggles are all fogged up. Every fish burns lantern-bright, and I can't tell the living from the dead. It's all just blurry light, light smeared like some celestial fingerprint all over the rocks and the reef and the sunken garbage. Olivia could be everywhere.
Naomi Wolf|Business is a sprint until you find an opportunity, then it's the patience of a marathon runner.
Bilal Tanweer, The Scatter Here Is Too Great|I was born in a slum, but the slum wasn't born in me.
Harry Smith|Survivor" is not a label you choose for yourself.
Carolyn V. Hamilton|Whenever I perform on stage, I feel detached from the material world and aspire to be one with the Supreme Being, the PARMATMA. Dance has balanced me as a person and it serves as a direct connect with the ALMIGHTY! I have become more spiritual and I feel much closer to GOD because of dance. It has changed my life in many ways – made me more focused and brought better discipline and positive energy. I can cherish every moment of my life because of dance.
Kerstin Gier, Ruby Red|Rather than majoring in frivolities, women should be educated in useful subjects and 'be furnished with a stock of ideas, and principles, and qualifications, and habits, ready to be applied and appropriated…' - Hannah More
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|For some reason, the despair that's welling up in me is transforming into white-hot rage. I feel it working its way up from my toes, winding around my legs, and burrowing into the pit of my stomach. It spears its razor-sharp tendrils through the pieces of my broken heart. It's crippling, and devastating, and unrelenting. I have only one choice to survive this; I turn that rage outward.
Gabriel Luna|I was painfully shy, so my aunt suggested to my mum that me and my brother go to Stage 84, a performing arts school in Yorkshire. I've probably romanticised it in my head, but I seem to remember that in the space of an hour's drama workshop, I was transformed. I went in really shy, and I came out full of confidence.
Tracey Emin, Strangeland|I remember, when I was about ten years old, working out that I would be thirty-six in the year 2000. It seemed so far away, so old, so unreal. And here I am, a fucked, crazy, anorexic-alcoholic-childless beautiful woman. I never dreamed it would be like this.
Kim van Alkemade, Orphan Number Eight|What makes you think I ever got married? Married women work themselves to death, all their money goes to husbands who gamble it away. Why would I ever do that to myself?
Pramukh Swami Maharaj|In the joy of others lies our own,In the progress of others rests our own,In the good of others abides our own,Know this to be the key to peace and happiness
C.J. Redwine, The Shadow Queen|Don’t let the bad leg fool you, son. If you hurt my princess, I will be the nightmare you never see coming.
Arthur Golden|We human beings are only a part of something very much larger. When we walk along, we may crush a beetle or simply cause a change in the air so that a fly ends up where it might never have gone otherwise. And if we think of the same example but with ourselves in the role of the insect, and the larger universe in the role we've just played, it's perfectly clear that we're affected every day by forces over which we have no more control than the poor beetle has over our gigantic foot as it descends upon it. What are we to do? We must use whatever methods we can to understand the movement of the universe around us and time our actions so that we are not fighting the currents, but moving with them.
|Trustworthy friends are very hard to come by, and when they do, be sure to keep them without a single hesitation.
Michael Korda|We work to become, not to acquire.
Maya Angelou|The best way to get through any challenge is to step back, look up at the sky, breathe deeply in and out, smile if you have to…then dive in.
Andrew Luck|NPR editors and journalists found themselves caught in a game of trying to please a leadership team who did not want to hear stories on the air about conservatives, the poor, or anyone who didn't fit their profitable design of NPR as the official voice of college-educated, white, liberal-leaning, upper-income America.
Diane Lane|Remember, if you want to love your life and live it to the fullest, don't let the sun go down on your anger. If you don't have a solution to the issue, agree to disagree and focus on the importance of the relationship.
Sunday Adelaja|The foundation laid in us before was a foundation of thoughts, traditions, and religion of men
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|Life wasn't meant to be a trial, it was intended to be a wondrous joy.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|I think there must be probably different types of suicides. I'm not one of the self-hating ones. The type of like "I'm shit and the world'd be better off without poor me" type that says that but also imagines what everybody'll say at their funeral. I've met types like that on wards. Poor-me-I-hate-me-punish-me-come-to-my-funeral. Then they show you a 20 X 25 glossy of their dead cat. It's all self-pity bullshit. It's bullshit. I didn't have any special grudges. I didn't fail an exam or get dumped by anybody. All these types. Hurt themselves. I didn't want to especially hurt myself. Or like punish. I don't hate myself. I just wanted out. I didn't want to play anymore is all. I wanted to just stop being conscious. I'm a whole different type. I wanted to stop feeling this way. If I could have just put myself in a really long coma I would have done that. Or given myself shock I would have done that. Instead.
Bonnie Langford|Dance never really goes away; it just reforms and reinvents, and it's become more athletic with new connection to fitness and sport. Dance used to have this exclusivity, but not any more.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|The dizziness in the face of les espaces infinis--only overcome if we dare to gaze into them without any protection. And accept them as the reality before which we must justify our existence. For this is the truth we must reach to live, that everything is and we just in it.
David Gemmell, Fall of Kings|Trust your instincts, and make judgements on what your heart tells you. The heart will not betray you.
Hiromi Goto|...after all, who isn't a survivor from the wreck of childhood?
Deyth Banger|The world should have balance between evil and good, positive and negative. If one is missed there isn't balance.
V.S. Carnes|Olivia: "Were you aiming at someone?"Alec: "...God, I think...
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|When I looked at them sitting around me, the church in the distance, beyond that our school, with throngs of girls crossing back and forth in the schoolyard, beyond that the world, how I wished that everything would fall away, so that suddenly we'd be sitting in some different atmosphere, with no future full of ridiculous demands, no need for any sustenance save our love for each other, with no hindrance to any of our desires, which would, of course, be simple desires — nothing, nothing, just sitting on our tombstones forever.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|There is nothing so degrading as the constant anxiety about one's means of livelihood. I have nothing but contempt for the people who despise money. They are hypocrites or fools. Money is like a sixth sense without which you cannot make a complete use of the other five. Without an adequate income half the possibilities of life are shut off. The only thing to be careful about is that you do not pay more than a shilling for the shilling you earn. You will hear people say that poverty is the best spur to the artist. They have never felt the iron of it in their flesh. They do not know how mean it makes you. It exposes you to endless humiliation, it cuts your wings, it eats into your soul like a cancer. It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one's dignity, to work unhampered, to be generous, frank, and independent. I pity with all my heart the artist, whether he writes or paints, who is entirely dependent for subsistence upon his art.
John Steinbeck|A writer out of loneliness is trying to communicate like a distant star sending signals. He isn't telling, or teaching, or ordering. Rather, he seeks to establish a relationship with meaning, of feeling, of observing. We are lonesome animals. We spend all our live trying to be less lonesome. And one of our ancient methods is to tell a story, begging the listener to say, and to feel, "Yes, that's the way it is, or at least that's the way I feel it. You're not as alone as you thought." To finish is sadness to a writer, a little death. He puts the last word down and it is done. But it isn't really done. The story goes on and leaves the writer behind, for no story is ever done.
Dolly Parton|The smell of pine needles, spruce and the smell of a Christmas tree - those to me, are the scents of the holidays.
Eleanor Roosevelt, This is My Story|She had an evil face, smoothed by hypocrisy; but her manners were excellent.
Evelyn   Smith, The Summer of Secrets|In some cases, the desires of your flesh are stronger than your spirit, and you revisit the temptation that you once repented of. Instead of asking only for forgiveness, you must also ask for the strength to withstand the temptation. There is strength available for any situation we are going through. All you have to do is simply ask from a sincere heart. God knows if you are serious and He knows when you are simply babbling
Julia Quinn, The Secret Diaries of Miss Miranda Cheever|I thought of all the others who had tried to tie her to the ground and failed. So I resisted showing her the songs and poems I had written, knowing that too much truth can ruin a thing. And if that meant she wasn't entirely mine, what of it? I would be the one she could always return to without fear of recrimination or question. So I did not try to win her and contented myself with playing a beautiful game. But there was always a part of me that hoped for more, and so there was a part of me that was always a fool.
C.B. Roberts|Now,Because I put you in the past,My life is like:A path paved,Fit for your feet.Now other women walk on it;And not one of them fits.Walking crooked, on a path that's straight.I watch them.They don't even have your gait.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|If my Master is lost, I'll find him. I'll lead him back to himself, because to serve doesn't always mean to follow.
Seanan McGuire, Discount Armageddon|I really don’t think you should put your hand inside the manticore, dear. You don’t know where it’s been. —Enid Healy
Malcolm Turnbull|You can study government and politics in school, but the best way to really understand the process is to volunteer your time.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|She's even been practicing making out with the back of her hand. Which was about as effective as tickling yourself. It's why you needed other fingers, other tongues. Only other people can make you feel real.
Robert Farrar Capon, Parables of Judgement|judgment, as it is portrayed in the parables of Jesus (not to mention the rest of the New Testament) never comes until after acceptance: grace remains forever the sovereign consideration. The difference between the blessed and the cursed is one thing and one thing only: the blessed accept their acceptance and the cursed reject it; but the acceptance is already in place for both groups before either does anything about it.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|And you are made of a hundred trillion cells. We are, each of us, a multitude.
Sharon Weil, Donny and Ursula Save the World|You can fuck me if you want," she said. "I know a man needs to be able to say thank you - and words don't always come so easy.
Adrienne Wilder, Seven|Nobody should have to put their boxers in a half rotted chest of drawers.”“Hey. I’ll have you know that the rustic look is very popular in the burbs.”“Rustic?” Chase snorted. “Is that your way of saying termite infested?”“This furniture does not have termites. Mice maybe, even moths, but not termites.”“Great, I can look forward to having a swiss cheese wardrobe.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Strike as thou didst at Caesar; for I know / When though didst hate him worst, thou loved’st him better / Than ever thou loved’st Cassius.
Edward Abbey, Desert Solitaire: A Season in the Wilderness|Water, water, water....There is no shortage of water in the desert but exactly the right amount , a perfect ratio of water to rock, water to sand, insuring that wide free open, generous spacing among plants and animals, homes and towns and cities, which makes the arid West so different from any other part of the nation. There is no lack of water here unless you try to establish a city where no city should be.
Jules Renard|We'll tell him his mother waits for him in heaven, I suppose." "Is that a lie?" "It's what we tell fools and children." She sighed. "Postulating a heaven gives man an out for having been unable to retain the paradise he was given here on earth.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|Conclusions that philosophers first establish by way of torturous reasoning have a way, over time, of leaking into shared knowledge.
Debasish Mridha|All those we can love, think, or imagine are more real than those we can see or have seen.
Susanna Kearsley, The Firebird|There are times when our victories have a cost that we did not foresee, when winning brings us loss.
Bahá'u'lláh|All peoples and nations are of one family, the children of one Father, and should be to one another as brothers and sisters.
Terry Tempest Williams, Refuge: An Unnatural History of Family and Place|The eyes of the future are looking back at us and they are praying for us to see beyond our own time. They are kneeling with hands clasped that we might act with restraint, that we might leave room for the life that is destined to come. To protect what is wild is to protect what is gentle. Perhaps the wilderness we fear is the pause between our own heartbeats, the silent space that says we live only by grace. Wilderness lives by this same grace. Wild mercy is in our hands.
Patricia Morais, The Roommate|This wasn't a bear," Lieutenant Paulding said. The lieutenant was one of King County's designated "This never happened" people. I had to wonder over the years how one got promoted when the cases you worked "never happened".
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|Nobody is born with a style or a voice. We don't out of the womb knowing who we are. In the beginning, we learn by pretending to be our heroes. We learn by copying.
Sarah van Waterschoot|Get up," I tell myself, "You go and make your dreams a reality. There's no use staying home and whine every time life beats you down. There's a meadow in the deep forest; you just have to keep pushing through.
James Jean-Pierre, Unlocking Of Secrets|The worst pain I had to face is the fight with myself. I'm unsure who to rout for, because they both want what’s best for me.
Mark Twain|The test of any good fiction is that you should care something for the characters; the good to succeed, the bad to fail. The trouble with most fiction is that you want them all to land in hell together, as quickly as possible.
Trisha Yearwood|There are so many songs in my heart and in my brain. I wake up at 2 in the morning, and I have to get up and sing them. There are so many of them, it's ridiculous.
Emm Cole, The Short Life of Sparrows|I think the purest of souls, those with the most fragile of hearts, must be meant for a short life. They can't be tethered or held in your palm.Just like a sparrow, they light on your porch. Their song might be brief, but how greedy would we be to ask for more? No, you cannot keep a sparrow. You can only hope that as they fly away, they take a little bit of you with them.
Erika M. Szabo, Acceptance|Affection is when we can't find any flaws in the other. Maybe I could if I really wanted to, but I don't want to, I accept you as you are.
Megan Abbott, The Fever|Both man and woman have their own parts to play in bringing faith to the next generation, and the woman's role is particularly important. How can we ever think that the female sex is inferior when we see the essential responsibility God has given women in this world? Their sensitivity to spiritual concerns seems to be farm more innate and natural than a man's. Mothers and wives often are the medium for our intercourse with the heavenly world, the faithful repositories of spiritual knowledge and wisdom. We should all be careful to avail ourselves of the benefits they have to offer both the present generation and the one that will follow us.
Gena Showalter, Firstlife|If only a stare can kill, I'm already a murderer.
Sanchita Pandey, Voyage to Happiness!|Engrave beautiful and delightful thoughts in your mind. Forgive, let go, be good and keep positive. The Universe is after all a lovely place to be in and it will take care of you. It will bestow you with all the happiness that you can imagine because what you draw on the canvas of your mind, comes to picture.
Richard Dawkins|Science, as opposed to technology, does violence to common sense.
Kathryn Chetkovich|When you're and only child in a family with an only parent, you look at other, bigger families with envy. Mary Alice had a family with a station wagon, a split-level house, and a pool. But then I looked up and saw Mary Alice's toes, as she stood at the edged of the diving board. Her second toe lay on top of her big toe on each foot. I had never seen such a thing. I wondered if Mary Alice's toes would ever prevent her from doing the things she wanted to do in life. "Look, y'all!" she said, forming her perfect body into a perfect swan's dive. I decided then that any time I got frustrated with my overall situation in life, mad or jealous of knee socks or a pink canopy bed in a pink room, I'd take a deep breath and think about Mary Alice's toes. At least I didn't have Mary Alice's toes.
Baali|The garden shimmered with candlelight from dozens of sweetly scented beeswax tapers set around to illuminate the space. In the center stood her painting table, now neatly draped in a crisp, white linen tablecloth and laid with her best china, crystal and silver.More lighted candles were arranged on the table, a small vase of flowers set in the middle, tender petals of red, pink and ivory adding a pleasing burst of color. More color glowed in the sky, sunset turning the horizon a glorious golden apricot.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|In white neighborhoods, only 1 in 41 properties that could have received a nuisance citation actually did receive one. In black neighborhoods, 1 in 16 eligible properties received a citation. A woman reporting domestic violence was far more likely to land her landlord a nuisance citation if she lived in the inner city.In the vast majority of cases (83 percent), landlords who received a nuisance citation for domestic violence responded by either evicting the tenants or by threatening to evict them for future police calls. Sometimes, this meant evicting a couple, but most of the time landlords evicted women abused by men who did not live with them.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|She really was pretty, for a grown-up person, but when you are seven, beauty is an abstraction, not an imperative. I wonder what I would have done if she had smiled at me like that now: whether I would have handed my mind or my heart or my identify to her for the asking, as my father did.
Sallust|There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.
Ken Scott|My job takes up many daylight hours, it wakes me in the still of night and fills my head with ghosts and monsters but I love it, telling stories is what I was born to do.
Joss Whedon|My soul is wrapped in harsh repose,Midnight descends in raven-colored clothes,But soft... behold!A sunlight beamButting a swath of glimmering gleam.My heart expands,'tis grown a bulge in it,Inspired by your beauty...Effulgent.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|The cat wrinkled its nose and managed to look unimpressed. "Calling cats," it confided, "tends to be a rather overrated activity. Might as well call a whirlwind.
Charles Samuel D'Monte|Sometimes, good things that go wrong are like seeds. They have to be buried for something bigger and better to sprout out of them.
Nick Hornby|I see now that dismissing YA books because you’re not a young adult is a little bit like refusing to watch thrillers on the grounds that you’re not a policeman or a dangerous criminal, and as a consequence, I’ve discovered a previously ignored room at the back of the bookstore that’s filled with masterpieces I’ve never heard of.
Joel T. McGrath|Opportunities happen when timing, connects, and personalities converge.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Spring|The first time you went out, you became mixed up with a group of radical political terrorists.”“That could have happened to anyone!
Marie Treanor, Blood Eternal|But, Elizabeth, what we have, what is between us, will never be over.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Let go of the past, even if it offers you Heaven; embrace the future, even if it offers you Hell.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|he stretched out beside her, uncomfortably close, as if they were lovers. Real lovers and not the most mismatched pair of fuck buddies ever.
Orson Welles|I am quite driven. I know what I think, and I know what I want to achieve, but I also hope that people who are asked to describe me would describe me as pretty down-to-earth, loyal, friendly. The more experience I have got in politics, I think the more I have allowed me to shine through.
Max Patrick|Forgiveness has to be repeated, the bible says seventy times seven.
Aiden Shaw, Sordid Truths: Selling My Innocence for a Taste of Stardom|A self that goes on changing is a self that goes on living': so too with the biography of that self. And just as lives don't stay still, so life-writing can't be fixed and finalised. Our ideas are shifting about what can be said, our knowledge of human character is changing. The biographer has to pioneer, going 'ahead of the rest of us, like the miner's canary, testing the atmosphere, detecting falsity, unreality, and the presence of obsolete conventions'. So, 'There are some stories which have to be retold by each generation'. She is talking about the story of Shelley, but she could be talking about her own life-story. (Virginia Woolf, p. 11)
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Affordable Care Act" roll out isn't Obama's fault. It's what happens when you elect a President without any real-world business experience.
Caitlyn Siehl, Literary Sexts: A Collection of Short & Sexy Love Poems|Do not fall in love with people like me. I will take you to museums, and parks, and monuments, and kiss you in every beautiful place, so that you can never go back to them without tasting me like blood in your mouth.I will destroy you in the most beautiful way possible. And when I leave you will finally understand, why storms are named after people.
Alice Hoffman, Skylight Confessions|The day we didn't spend together, we will never spend together, what someone was going to say to us on the phone when they called and we didn't answer will never be said, at least not exactly the same thing said in exactly the same spirit; and everything will be slightly different or even completely different because of the lack of courage which dissuades us from talking to you.....none of that will ever be repeated and consequently a time will come when having been together will be the same as not having been together, and having picked up the phone the same as not having done so, and having dared to speak to you the same as if we'd remained silent
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|When the contents of the collective unconscious become activated, they have an unsettling effect on the conscious mind of everyone. When this psychic dynamic is not consciously metabolized, not just within an individual but collectively, the mental state of the people as a whole might well be compared to a psychosis.
Steven Magee|The best thing to do when someone is trying to argue with you is to repeatedly state "Stay Away" and video record the entire event. You may need that video for the police afterwords when the aggressor starts fabricating fantasies about the event.
Frank A. Oski|Fo' Gawd, Miss Scarlett! We's got ter have a doctah. Ah- Ah- Miss Scarlett, Ah doan know nuthin' 'bout bringin' babies. -Prissy
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Guys, you don't have to act "manly" to be considered a man; you are a man, so just be yourself. Don't let society make you believe you have to prove your masculinity to anyone because you don't. You are you and you are worthy, full stop.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|If the Bible is accurate in its assertions (a generous statement on our part), then we must also observe that anyone who ultimately comes to God does so because God made it happen. But this seems to imply that God makes it happen for some but doesn’t make it happen for others. Why? Is this fair? Is this good? Is this justice? Is this love?
Ridley Pearson, Disney after Dark|If you don't believe in yourself, who will?' ~Maybeck
Craig D. Lounsbrough|On bad days you wonder, ‘Why not just back off from the war and lead a quiet metalife?
Juliette Cross, Waking the Dragon|You want to be possessed, but not controlled. You want to be protected, but not smothered. You want to be dominated, but only in one way.
Sarah  Miller, The Lost Crown|I wish I wasn't an imperial highness or an ex-grand duchess. I'm sick of people doing things to me because of what I am. Girl-in-white-dress. Short-one-with-fringe. Daughter-of-the-tsar. Child-of-the-ex-tyrant. I want people to look and see me, Anastasia Nikolaevna Romanova, not the caboose on a train of grand duchesses. Someday, I promise myself, no one will be able to hear my name or look at my picture and suppose they know all about me. Someday I will do something bigger than what I am.
Veronika Jensen|I may not have wings, but my hands do a better job in wiping away the tears anyway.
Preeti Bhonsle, 27 Broken Footprints|What is the most important thing in your life?For me, it is my freedom of mind, my freedom to choose my own ways of self-construction or self-destruction.
Ian Mckellen|People should be allowed to marry, and gay marriage should be out there. If a man or a woman has a good partner and they love each other with their heart and soul, let them marry. I am very much for gay marriage.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, The Grooming of Alice|Because you are neither an angel nor a god. I am quite aware that your actions have been prompted by your pure feelings, and I understand perfectly well that, for that very reason, you do not wish to receive money for what you have done. But pure unadultered feelings are dangerous in their own way. It is no easy feat for a flesh-and-blood human being to go on living with such feelings. That is why it is necessary for you to fasten your feelings to the earth – firmly, like attaching an anchor to a balloon. The money is for that. To prevent you from feeling that you can do anything you want as long as it’s the right thing and your feelings are pure.
Jamie Anne Richardson|Once I ran out of excuses, I reclaimed my life. Now, I don't need excuses.
Amanda McCabe, Running from Scandal|The bee has round it a mysterious inscription, which has been variously interpreted. It contains an allusion to beeswax, and one scholar has suggested that the tesserae were druggists’ tokens for the purpose of advertising the sale of beeswax. Another explanation is that the inscription might be one of the mysterious magic formulae used as charms, and that the tokens might be charms to call the bees home when swarming; but the most plausible solution seems to be that the tesserae were connected with the secret rites of Artemis, especially as the stag of the goddess is the one on the reverse side of the tokens.One of the most important animals connected with the worship of the Asiatic Great-Mother was the lion, and it is a curious fact that we often find a connection between bees and lions. At the old Hittite town of Carchemish behind her a long line of priestesses bearing various articles. We do not suggest that these were called Melissae, but in the jewellry we see how the goddess with her lions merges in or is connected with the ‘Bee-goddess.
Caitlyn Jenner|I go to the pub, hang out with my family - that's pretty much it. I also do a lot of sports when I get the chance. I'm actually a pretty mellow guy.
Elle Kennedy, The Mistake|So far he’d been there for three hours, hadn’t gotten a thing done, was heading out for a free lunch, and was getting paid for it. Jobs were awesome.
Alon Calinao Dy, Best Love Poems Collection|Beguiling, without doubt; the month of May scatters flowers - electrifying attributes, demanding and longing for the smell of love.
Robert Frost, A Boy's Will|Distance is a bridge, not a gulf, between lovers.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Yelling at living things does tend to kill the spirit in them. Sticks and stones may break our bones, but words will break our hearts...
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Finding a taxi, she felt like a child pressing her nose to the window of a candy store as she watched the changing vista pass by while the twilight descended and the capital became bathed in a translucent misty lavender glow. Entering the city from that airport was truly unique. Charles de Gaulle, built nineteen miles north of the bustling metropolis, ensured that the final point of destination was veiled from the eyes of the traveller as they descended. No doubt, the officials scrupulously planned the airport’s location to prevent the incessant air traffic and roaring engines from visibly or audibly polluting the ambience of their beloved capital, and apparently, they succeeded. If one flew over during the summer months, the visitor would be visibly presented with beautifully managed quilt-like fields of alternating gold and green appearing as though they were tilled and clipped with the mathematical precision of a slide rule. The countryside was dotted with quaint villages and towns that were obviously under meticulous planning control. When the aircraft began to descend, this prevailing sense of exactitude and order made the visitor long for an aerial view of the capital city and its famous wonders, hoping they could see as many landmarks as they could before they touched ground, as was the usual case with other major international airports, but from this point of entry, one was denied a glimpse of the city below. Green fields, villages, more fields, the ground grew closer and closer, a runway appeared, a slight bump or two was felt as the craft landed, and they were surrounded by the steel and glass buildings of the airport. Slightly disappointed with this mysterious game of hide-and-seek, the voyager must continue on and collect their baggage, consoled by the reflection that they will see the metropolis as they make their way into town. For those travelling by road, the concrete motorway with its blue road signs, the underpasses and the typical traffic-logged hubbub of industrial areas were the first landmarks to greet the eye, without a doubt, it was a disheartening first impression. Then, the real introduction began. Quietly, and almost imperceptibly, the modern confusion of steel and asphalt was effaced little by little as the exquisite timelessness of Parisian heritage architecture was gradually unveiled. Popping up like mushrooms were cream sandstone edifices filigreed with curled, swirling carvings, gently sloping mansard roofs, elegant ironwork lanterns and wood doors that charmed the eye, until finally, the traveller was completely submerged in the glory of the Second Empire ala Baron Haussmann’s master plan of city design, the iconic grand mansions, tree-lined boulevards and avenues, the quaint gardens, the majestic churches with their towers and spires, the shops and cafés with their colourful awnings, all crowded and nestled together like jewels encrusted on a gold setting.
Ha-Joon Chang|If the states and territories do not sign up to fundamental reform, then my message is equally simple: we will take this reform plan to the people at the next election - along with a referendum by or at that same election to give the Australian Government all the power it needs to reform the health system.
Gene Wilder|What drives success, and the most successful students, is internal motivation.
Debasish Mridha|Confidence comes from thoughtful action, reflection, and experience. Confidence does not come from reaction.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Rules are made to be broken, but hearts are broken to be made.It is a big miracle to be loved "because" of your inadequacies, not "despite" them. And nothing can be as fascinating as walking tall on the same road that once witnessed your fall.
Debra Anastasia|Ethan’s jaw dropped. Again he had underestimated her. Abruptly, he fought down a smile. “I don’t know whether to kiss you or arrest you.” She smiled up at him and again Ethan thought her lips were entirely too close to his. “You should kiss me,” she said, stunning him even more. “I guarantee it will be a lot more pleasant than arresting me...for both of us.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|A phenomenon noticeable throughout history regardless of place or period is the pursuit by governments of policies contrary to their own interests. Mankind, it seems, makes a poorer performance of government than of almost any other human activity. In this sphere, wisdom, which may be defined as the exercise of judgment acting on experience, common sense and available information, is less operative and more frustrated than it should be. Why do holders of high office so often act contrary to the way reason points and enlightened self-interest suggests? Why does intelligent mental process seem so often not to function?
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man & Satires|The next man I was involved with lived in Boston. He taught me to cook mushrooms. He taught me that if you heat the butter very hot and put just a very few mushrooms into the frying pan, they come out nice and brown and crispy, whereas if the butter is only moderately hot and you crowd the mushrooms, they get all mushy and wet. Every time I make mushrooms I think of him. There was another man in my life when I was younger who taught me to put sour cream into scrambled eggs, and since I never ever put sour cream into scrambled eggs I never really think of him at all.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I begin to be impatient of solitude - to feel its draperies hang sweltering, unwholesome about me.
Coco Chanel|Faith is not belief without proof, but trust without reservation.
Rebecca Solnit|A polite enemy is just as difficult to discredit, as a rude friend is to protect.
Jack London, Martin Eden|It seemed so tawdry what he had offered her - mere money - compared with what she offered him. He offered her an extraneous thing with which he could part without a pang, while she offered him herself, along with disgrace and shame, and sin, and all her hopes of heaven.
Suzanne V. Marshall, Big Small Dog|No matter our size or shape, everyone deserves a safe place in this world." ~ from BIG SMALL DOG, a children's story about overcoming bullying and adversity, and discovering unity and friendship.
Charles Schwab|According to my parents, I just started drumming when I was two. I traveled with them from five to seven on the road, playing percussion. Between 8 and 12, my dad sort of prepared me by teaching me every aspect of road life.
Leonora Carrington|We went down into the silent garden. Dawn is the time when nothing breathes, the hour of silence. Everything is transfixed, only the light moves.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind dies, but its thoughts live on. The heart perishes, but its experiences live on. The body expires, but its spirit lives on.
Jeff Bezos|Position yourself with something that captures your curiosity, something that you're missionary about.
Vivian Mackerrell|It's very hard to reach people in Greymouth with pottery or any form of art because they're allergic to it. Allergic to it ever since they began really because they've taken from the ground in the mining spirit without making or creating, and therefore anything that is creative they do not understand.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Understand why you are different and how you help, recognise your target market, and give them something they might not even realise they are missing.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|It was too late to pray, though. The sky was clear. The helicopters were gone. Too late for so many things. My fists hit the floor. My head hit the floor. My heart broke, hardened, and I lost my faith. That’s when the killing thoughts came. When it felt right to punish everyone who let this happen. I could start with Angel’s dad—but where would it stop?
Terry Kay|Friendship among men is always part war, something learned from childhood.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|there is no stronger taboo today than talking about race. In many cases, just being accused of “racism” can get you fired. Yet, teachers in America know the races differ in school achievement; policemen know the races differ in crime rates; social workers know the races differ in rates of welfare dependency or getting infected with AIDS. And sports fans know that Blacks excel at boxing, basketball, and running. They all wonder why. Some blame poverty, White racism, and the legacy of slavery. Although many doubt that “White racism” really tells the whole story, few dare share their doubts. When it comes to race, do you really dare to say what you think?
Marguerite Kaye, The Soldier's Dark Secret|Well, to be fair, he’s in a situation where intelligence does rather go out the window,” Cross said. “I have a theory that women actually siphon off our cleverness during the courting phase, and keep it for themselves. Which is why they always seem to see the endgame before we do.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Capricorn|It was a crushing defeat, but it put iron in my backbone and sulphur in my blood. I knew at least what it was to fail. I knew what it was to attempt something big.
Craig  Stone, How to Hide from Humans|Like many human beings, he took the least sign of conversation as his cue to make noise.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|The mistake you make, don't you see,is in thinking one can live in a corrupt society without being corrupt oneself. After all, what do you achieve by refusing to make money? You're trying to behave as though one could stand right outside our economic system. But one can't. One's got to change the system, or one changes nothing. One can't put things right in a hole-and-corner way, if you take my meaning.
Metro Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson|At its core, Agile is a mindset.
Northrop Frye, The Educated Imagination|The poet, however, uses these two crude, primitive, archaic forms of thought (simile and metaphor) in the most uninhibited way, because his job is not to describe nature, but to show you a world completely absorbed and possessed by the human mind.
Steven Wilson|We are not lonely, because we chose to be alone.We are not lost, because we chose to disappear.
Eça de Queirós, The Mandarin and Other Stories|Let us depart instead for the fields of Dreams and wander those blue, romantic hills where stands the abandoned tower of the Supernatural, where cool mosses clothe the ruins of Idealism. Let us, in short, indulge in a little fantasy!
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|No risk is more terrifying than that taken by the first root. A lucky root will eventually find water, but its first job is to anchor -- to anchor an embryo and forever end its mobile phase, however passive that mobility was. Once the first root is extended, the plant will never again enjoy any hope (however feeble) of relocating to a place less cold, less dry, less dangerous. Indeed, it will face frost, drought, and greedy jaws without any possibility of flight. The tiny rootlet has only once chance to guess what the future years, decades -- even centuries -- will bring to the patch of soil where it sits. It assesses the light and humidity of the moment, refers to its programming, and quite literally takes the plunge.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|In the face of all that has happened, it feels good, really good, to just breathe for a moment.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I understand a lot of stuff for a lot of people, how??You won't get the answer!
Ramachandra Guha, India After Gandhi: The History of the World's Largest Democracy|[A]s long as individuals are compelled to rent themselves on the market to those who are willing to hire them, as long as their role in production is simply that of ancillary tools, then there are striking elements of coercion and oppression that make talk of democracy very limited, if meaningful.
Vert|We always look behind, through, and beyond ourselves, never within.
Clive Thompson|We think we're saving time with microwaves, cell phones, beepers, computers and voice mail, but often these things help us create the illusion of getting somewhere - and they foster a chain of constant activity. We're really just squeezing extra activity into every minute that we gain.
Shai Tubali|No society can exist unless the laws are respected to a certain degree, but the safest way to make them respected is to make them respectable. When the law and morality are in contradiction to each other, the citizen finds himself in the cruel alternative of either losing his moral sense, or of losing his respect for the law--two evils of equal magnitude, between which it would be difficult to choose. It is so much in the nature of law to support justice that in the minds of the masses they are one and the same.
Nabil TOUSSI|Nothing better than this moments of new year, to say : goodbye last day, last month, last year. Do i confused to say goodbye facebook? goodbye virtual world?
Maynard Webb|If some great catastrophe is not announced every morning, we feel a certain void. Nothing in the paper today, we sigh.
John Piper|I know the theological answers, but do my blood and my pulse?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|As a professional speaker, I speak rather quickly with enthusiastic energy and emotion. This doesn’t always sit well with people who like to speak at a slower pace and need more time to process. What I have learned through years in this profession is that to be more effective I must adapt my pace to the comfort level of my audience. When I am speaking to academics, engineers, and doctors, I speak with a slower pace than the one which I use with sales people, customer services teams, or teenagers.
Sunday Adelaja|Our young men and women must be taught that through hard work, they can create opportunities for themselves and others.
Channing Tatum|My father was a trained accountant, a BCom from Sydenham College and a self-taught violinist. In the 1920s, when he was in his teens, he heard a great violinist, Jascha Heifetz, and he was so inspired listening to him that he bought himself a violin, and with a little help from an Italian teacher, he learned to play it.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Our spirit knows our purpose, let these en-grained impressions shape our perceptions of who we think we are today.
Richard Wilbur|Seed Leaves Homage to R. F. Here something stubborn comes,Dislodging the earth crumbsAnd making crusty rubble.it comes up bending double,And looks like a green staple.It could be seedling maple,Or artichoke, or bean.That remains to be seen.Forced to make choice of ends,The stalk in time unbends,Shakes off the seed-case, heavesAloft, and spreads two leavesWhich still display no sureAnd special signature.Toothless and fat, they keepThe oval form of sleep.This plant would like to growAnd yet be embryo;In crease, and yet escapeThe doom of taking shape;Be vaguely vast, and climbTo the tip end of timeWith all of space to fill,Like boundless IgdrasilThat has the stars for fruit.But something at the rootMore urgent that the urgeBids two true leaves emerge;And now the plant, resignedTo being self-definedBefore it can commerceWith the great universe,Takes aim at all the skyAnd starts to ramify.
Joshua Slocum, Sailing Alone around the World|I had already found that it was not good to be alone, and so made companionship with what there was around me, sometimes with the universe and sometimes with my own insignificant self; but my books were always my friends, let fail all else.
Haruki Murakami, After Dark|You know what I think?" she says. "That people's memories are maybe the fuel they burn to stay alive. Whether those memories have any actual importance or not, it doesn't matter as far as the maintenance of life is concerned. They're all just fuel. Advertising fillers in the newspaper, philosophy books, dirty pictures in a magazine, a bundle of ten-thousand-yen bills: when you feed 'em to the fire, they're all just paper. The fire isn't thinking 'Oh, this is Kant,' or 'Oh, this is the Yomiuri evening edition,' or 'Nice tits,' while it burns. To the fire, they're nothing but scraps of paper. It's the exact same thing. Important memories, not-so-important memories, totally useless memories: there's no distinction--they're all just fuel.
Debasish Mridha|Very little effort is needed to create a prosperous life. Focus on positivity, prosperity, and love.
Brendan Behan|Orange juice from concentrate is labeled. Food coloring Red #5 is labeled. Fish are labeled as to whether they've been previously frozen. To a consumer, there's no plausible reason why these factors should be on a food ingredient label while the presence of GMOs shouldn't be.
Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart|The credit belongs to those who are actually in the arena, who strive valiantly; who know the great enthusiasums, the great devotions, and spend themselves in a worthy cause; who at best know the triumph of high achievement; and who, at worst, if they fail, fail while daring greatly, so that their place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat.
Kim Jong-un|Clearly no one knows what leadership has gone undiscovered in women of all races, and in black and other minority men.
Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies|I don't hold with paddlin' with the occult," said Granny firmly. "Once you start paddlin' with the occult you start believing in spirits, and when you start believing in spirits you start believing in demons, and then before you know where you are you're believing in gods. And then you're in trouble.""But all them things exist," said Nanny Ogg."That's no call to go around believing in them. It only encourages 'em.
Debra Anastasia|Well then..." I clear my throat once. "You are a fantastic actor," I say, breathless, and emotionally drugged up on Mr. Sexdorable.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|Men are daft around women, incautious and boastful.
Irene Rosenfeld|No one who set out to design a form of communication would ever end up with anything like English, Mandarin, or any of the more than six thousand languages spoken today.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Imagine how your positive attitude feels when you are enjoying a fabulous day—the sky is blue, the grass is green, the birds are singing—and all is right in your world. You are filled with boundless energy and joyful optimism. Life is great! And then . . . you cross the path of an energy vampire whose low vibe and toxic energy drains out every bit of yours—pulling you down.
Dada Bhagwan|Shuddha upayog (applied awareness of the Self, The Soul) means to be able to see the Soul and the Body of the other person as separate. The constant contemplation of ‘I am pure Soul (Shuddhatma)’ is shukladhyan (pure contemplation as the Self).
James A. Michener, World Is My Home|What did I learn in my travels? In whatever foreign country I visited I met dreamers who longed to reach America and its promise of an enriched life so I knew we had a country rich in opportunity, but I also met those brilliant Jews already in America who had been denied that promise.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|The subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government, as nearly as possible, in proportion to their respective abilities.
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|it strikes me that the writers most deeply concerned with the state of literary fiction and its biases against women could do a lot worse than trying to coin some terms of their own: to name the archetypes they wish to invert or criticise and thereby open up the discussion. If authors can be thought of as magicians in any sense, then the root of our power has always rested with words: choosing them, arranging them and – most powerfully – inventing them. Sexism won’t go away overnight, and nor will literary bias. But until then, if we’re determined to invest ourselves in bringing about those changes, it only makes sense to arm ourselves with a language that we, and not our enemies, have chosen.May 14, 2011 Blog post
Ann Richards|In the theatre you can change things ever so slightly; it's an organic thing. Whereas in film you only have that chance on the day, and you have no control over it at all.
Shannon L. Alder|I don't like it, but my hands are tied. I just want you to know this: if I ever get the chance to betray you, I will. If the opportunity arises to pay you back, I'll take it. You'll never be able to trust me.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you look down on yourself, you set an example on how others should treat you.
Yoko Ono|Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out, you know, it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around.
F. Sionil José, Three Filipino Women|Perhaps, this is what love has always been, whether it is for a woman of for a cause -- the readiness to give and not ask for anything in return, the unquestioning willingness to lose everything, even if that loss is as something as precious as life itself.
Dean Koontz, The Husband|The secret is not to think, we think in words. And what lies beyond the reality we see is a truth that words can't contain, the secret is to feel.
Charles Baudelaire|Imagination is the queen of truth, and possibility is one of the regions of truth. She is positively akin to infinity.
Gwenn Wright, Lipstick & Bolsheviks|I don’t know why Kate was trying to impress him, as far as I could see the guy had all the allure and social grace of a psychotic slug with halitosis and a bad head cold.
Eddie Van Halen|What I want to do is tell stories about normal people in the American suburbs. I don't write the book where it's a conspiracy reaching the prime minister; I don't write the book with the big serial killer who lops off heads. My setting is a very placid pool of suburbia, family life. And within that I can make pretty big splashes.
Kamini Arichandran|I reckon that blaming people fixes nothing. You're the only person who is going to sort you out. No-one else really can - or really cares, enough. That's what Nepalis know - better than anyone. That's our Western disease. Don't take responsibility. Take on a lawyer!
Richard DeVos|With all due respect to arachnophobes, I love spiders. Some might call me obsessed, but I've been studying spiders and spider silks for many years now and don't see an end in sight. There is simply too much to do.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|The air felt thick with the feeling between us, like it was filling the room: a room full of our carnal heat, our hot desire for each other. Both my hands were clenched on the tablecloth, bunching it tightly, as he continued to swipe the belt against my quivering ass cheeks, and I could feel his tight fist yank repeatedly on my hair.
Ipsit Bibhudarshi, Heart's Call|Why not smile and preserve, why not let the light summon, why not spread the love, the love we all deserve
Marilyn Monroe|I think I have to trust that you end up with the person you're supposed to end up with, and that everything in between is there to teach you stuff.
William Geist|I'm a man. Men cook outside. That outdoor grilling is a manly pursuit has long been beyond question. If this wasn't understood, you'd never get grown men to put on those aprons with pictures of dancing weenies on the front, and messages like 'Come 'n' Get It!
tan kian ann|hey man, i am tankianann and i like to research
Miranda Kenneally, Catching Jordan|Why were you watching me change?" I explain. "Uh, 'cause I'm a guy?" He flips the pillow and slaps it, fluffing it. Then he rolls over and closes his eyes again.
J.R. Ward, Lover Enshrined|Do you know what it's like to give your whole self to a person, and your whole heart to boot, until you've got nothing left to give- and then realize that it still isn't whay they need?
Richie Norton|Just because you work, doesn't mean you're working on the right thing.
Alex Lowe|A man will treat a woman almost exactly the way he treats his own interior feminine. In fact, he hasn't the ability to see a woman, objectively speaking, until he has made some kind of peace with his interior woman.
Ernst Walter Zeeden, FAITH AND ACT: THE SURVIVAL OF MEDIEVAL CEREMONIES IN THE LUTHERAN REFORMATION|Paul Ricoeur has wonderful counsel for people like us. Go ahead, he says, maintain and practice your hermaneutics of suspicion. It is important to do this. Not only important, it is necessary. There are a lot of lies out there; learn to discern the truth and throw out the junk. But then reenter the book, the world, with what he calls 'a second naivete'.' Look at the world with childlike wonder, ready to be startled into surprised delight by the profuse abundance of truth and beauty and goodness that is spilling out of the skies at every moment. Cultivate a hermaneutic of adoration - see how large, how splendid, how magnificent life is.And then practice this hermaneutic of adoration in the reading of Holy Scripture. Plan on spending the rest of our lives exploring and enjoying the world both vast and intricate that is revealed by this text.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|In mythic terms, the earth is a place of mystery and wonder where life always hangs by a thread and all the events of history are loosely stitched upon the endless loom of eternity. Secretly, we are each tied to the divine.
Núria Añó|I prefer to be on the side of losers, the misunderstood or lonely people rather than writing about the strong and powerful.
Stevie Nicks|I spread the message of hope and of unity. That's what gets me up in the morning. I can tell you what is wrong, but I can't tell you how to fix it. I'm a raptivist, not a politician. I deal in hope.
Joshua Bloch, Effective Java|There are humans, and there are ghosts. Vampires are just in a different state of transition. Not part of the human world and not part of the spirit world. We are just caught somewhere in between life and the real death.
Tom Robbins|I don't like planning, because it robs me of freedom, so I'd like a 24 hours that was full of surprises.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Be mindful of your social environment. By nature, the group you hang-out with will develop a common behavior and mindset. This behavior usually gravitates towards the lowest common denominator. Choose your group wisely.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Don't allow yourself to feel guilty about wanting deep and endless love, amazing sex and opportunities that will change your life. Expect these things - work for them and don't ever stop until they're yours.
Anthony Liccione|When negative feelings move upon you, reflect, and recognize the danger of feeding those feelings and keeping them alive.
Shannon L. Alder|What we suffer from today is humility in the wrong place. Modesty has moved from the organ of ambition and settled upon the organ of conviction, where it was never meant to be. A man was meant to be doubtful about himself, but undoubting about the truth; this has been exactly reversed. We are on the road to producing a race of men too mentally modest to believe in the multiplication table.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Divinity means unfolding and expressing life in new ways. Divinity means radiating peace, bliss and beauty in the world. Divinity means overcoming the limitations of nature in new ways.
W. C. Fields|If you have good food, people will come to your restaurant.
Anthem Lights|Tragically we’ve forgotten the reason we’re even here at all.Worst still, we remember it’s just that we feel so comfortable.Do we notice, do we even careAll the people that are lost out there?Don’t you remember how it felt ‘til someone showed you the way?
Jose Marti|If nature were not beautiful, it would not be worth knowing, and if nature were not worth knowing, life would not be worth living.
Brie Larson|My mother was truly my saving grace, because she would take me to church with her. I would see my mother smiling in the choir, and I wanted to know this God that made her so happy. If I had not had that faith in my life, I don't know where I would be right now.
Diana Gabaldon, Drums of Autumn|On the still calm waters of surrender, the reflections of clarity appear.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Let temporal things be in the use, eternal things in the desire.
Charles B. Rangel|I don't remember 'Doctor Who' not being part of my life, and it became a part of growing up, along with The Beatles, National Health spectacles, and fog. And it runs deep. It's in my DNA.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 16|Like I, of all people, didn't know better than to lead a total stranger to the point where they could hurt me most, knowing how easily they'd be able to find their way back to it.
Deyth Banger|What is generally known as discipline in traditional schools is not activity, but immobility and silence. It is not discipline, but something that festers inside a child, arousing his rebellious feelings.
Stephen King, Finders Keepers|Picture sometimes says something that connects with people. Connection, that is what it is all about in the end".
Debasish Mridha|Love is a divine and universal attraction, which hold the universe together and fills it with beauty, life, and happiness forever.
Anais Nin|Everyone now knows how to find the meaning of life within himself. But mankind wasn't always so lucky. Less than a century ago, men and women did not have easy access to the puzzle boxes within them.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|We must not falter nor weary in well-doing. We must lengthen our stride. Not only is our own eternal welfare at stake, but also the eternal welfare of many of our brothers and sisters who are not now members of this, the true Church. I thrill to the words of the Prophet Joseph Smith in a letter that he sent to the Church from Nauvoo on September 6, 1842: 'Shall we not go on in so great a cause? Go forward. … Courage … and on, on to the victory!
Paul Greene, A Time of Change|To embrace the belief that man is the accidental product of a random and otherwise genetically and biologically impossible Darwinian gradual evolution allegedly monitored by a quasi-fictitious natural selection, a process that supposedly started with an amoeba nobody knows how it arrived on Earth that somehow became a fish with stumps for legs that turned crocodile, a creature that following successive transmutations “evolved” into an ape that ended up as Leonardo Da Vinci is an attitude that comes in conflict with the scientific method of research and it certainly violates its standard principles.
Jay McInerney, Bright Lights, Big City|New Rule: If we want to find a place to cut government waste, we must start with the DEA rubber duck. Yes, on the DEA's website you can buy a rubber ducky with a DEA badge and a cop's hat. Which I recommend doing, because they're a great place to hide your weed.
Riana Ambarsari|Every journey is personal. Every journey is spiritual. You can't compare them, can't replace, can't repeat. You can bring back the memories but they only bring tears to your eyes.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|And she forgot the stars, the moon, and sun/ And she forgot the blue above the trees,/ And she forgot the dells where waters run,/ And she forgot the chilly autumn breeze;/ She had no knowledge when the day was done,/ And the new morn she saw not: but in peace/ Hung over her sweet basil evermore,/ And moisten'd it with tears unto the core.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Are you in pain, pray?
Simon Adams|Weapons and technology may help win wars, but it is only ideas that have the power to truly change the world.
Steven D. Levitt|But he couldn't feel self-pity in the face of the memorial. He hadn't lost nearly enough as these children, who'd lost their homeland and, in many cases,their whole families. Perhaps they had gained something, too, though. They had at least escaped the concentration camps, been taken in by good, caring families, and had grown up to live their lives in relative freedom.
Jerry Greenfield|Eating is so intimate. It's very sensual. When you invite someone to sit at your table and you want to cook for them, you're inviting a person into your life.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|I am not ready to die,But I am learning to trust deathAs I have trusted life.I am movingToward a new freedom
Noam Chomsky|I don't have a formula to pass on. I always did it my own way. Even today, I hold my independence close. It's what's most precious to me. Passion. Risk. Tenacity. Consistency. This is my professional history.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Plenty of things in the universe are old, my dear. That's like saying Florida is a metaphor for hell because they're both hot - though your grandfather would agree wholeheartedly with that, I suppose.
Debasish Mridha|When you engage in work that you love, you are happy.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|Out here you need to live in the moments. Watch the world. You're a young man, Jal, a child who's refused to grow up. Do it now, or you'll die a young man.
