Mehmet Murat ildan|Natural disasters happen from time to time but poverty happens all the time and therefore poverty is the greatest tragedy, it is the greatest disaster of mankind!
Aldous Huxley|In spite of language, in spite of intelligence and intuition and sympathy, one can never really communicate anything to anybody. The essential substance of every thought and feeling remains incommunicable, locked up in the impenetrable strong-room of the individual soul and body. Our life is a sentence of perpetual solitary confinement.
John Geiger|When you’re feeling insecure, you typically don’t notice the hundreds of people around you who accept you just the way you are. All you notice are the few who don’t. Don’t ever forget your worth. Spend time with those who value you. No matter how good you are to people, there will always be negative minds out there who criticize you. Smile, ignore them, and carry on. You might feel unwanted and unworthy to one person, but you are priceless to another.
Kristen Ashley, Knight|And I wake up happy, baby, because I possess beauty and I own that beauty in all the forms it can take and the least important of those are physical.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|It was Brian's blood, and for some reason I knew it was pure. No other man I'd held in my arms -and now, not even I- had blood this pure.
José Rizal, Noli Me Tángere|They've named the well after you.""How did they know my name?""They don't. They invented one.
Mateo Sol, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|Because of their sacred gift of translating and embodying energy, empaths are able to spot their soul mates or twin flames a mile away.
Jacqueline Bisset|A Latin teacher told me I might make a good actress, and that stuck in my memory. I did some modeling, and Polanski gave me that small part.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Music is, to me, proof of the existence of God. It is so extraordinarily full of magic, and in tough times of my life I can listen to music and it makes such a difference.
Charles Benoit, You|Math. It’s your favorite subject. Which surprises you. Last year your teacher tried to convince you that you had a real “aptitude” for math, but all you got in the end was a B minus. The truth is you weren’t even trying. But then you got low Cs and Ds in all your other classes and you weren’t trying there, either, so maybe you are good at math after all. 	You like it because either you’re right or you’re wrong. Not like social studies and definitely not like English, where you always have to explain your answers and support your opinions. With math it’s right or it’s wrong and you’re done with it. But even that’s changing, my teacher said now you have to explain how you solved the problem and support your answer, saying that having the right answer isn’t as important as explaining how you got it and bam, just like that, you hate math.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|Irony is a treacherous servant; unless it's very carefully watched over, it has a tendency to expose the foolishness of its apparent master.
Oscar Wilde, Complete Works of Oscar Wilde|But we who live in prison, and in whose lives there is no event but sorrow, have to measure time by throbs of pain, and the record of bitter moments. We have nothing else to think of. Suffering ― curious as it may sound to you ― is the means by which we exist, because it is the only means by which we become conscious of existing; and the remembrance of suffering in the past is necessary to us as the warrant, the evidence, of our continued identity.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|Then I shall tell you the truthful answers to the questions you asked, about my own intentions and motivations. They are not so simple."...He cocked an eyebrow and his cobalt eyes took on a playful sparkle."If I were to avow that you are my immortal life's great passion, that I would give up immortality itself to be at your side and in your bed, you would not believe me, n'est-ce pas?
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|When God justifies a sinner, everything in God is on the sinner's side. All the attributes of God are on the sinner's side. It isn't that mercy is pleading for the sinner and justice is trying to beat him to death. All of God does all that God does.
N.N. Porchezhiyan|If it supports the liberation struggle of Black people then it is good. If it is in opposition to the liberation struggle of Black people then it is bad. If it supports the liberation struggle of Black people then it is moral. If it opposes the liberation struggle, then it is immoral. If it supports the liberation struggle of Black people, then it is the will of GOD. If it opposes the liberation struggle of Black people, then it is satanic. With this simple key to the mysteries of life both events and institutions can be judged.
Greta Garbo|Perhaps it's better if I live in your heart, where the world can't see me. If I'm dead, there will be no stain on our love.
John Straley, The Woman Who Married a Bear|I didn't notice I was crying until a stewardess came by and gave me a tissue to blow my nose in. Her arm and wrist were slender and they formed a pretty arch, like the limb of a fruit tree, as she poked the tissue into my clenched fist. She didn't look at my eyes. It was a perfect gesture, an expression of indifference and concern, which is the most a drunk can ask for.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|French name, English accent, American school. Anna confused.
Malcolm X|This past, this endless struggle to achieve and reveal and confirm a human identity, human authority, yet contains, for all its horror, something very beautiful. I do not mean to be sentimental about suffering – enough is certainly as good as a feast – but people who cannot suffer can never grow up, can never discover who they are. That man who is forced each day to snatch his manhood, his identity, out of the fire of human cruelty that rages to destroy it knows, if he survives his effort, and even if he does not survive it, something about himself and human life that no school on earth – and indeed, no church – can teach. He achieves his own authority, and that is unshakable. This is because, in order to save his life, he is forced to look beneath appearances, to take nothing for granted, to hear the meaning behind the words. If one is continually surviving the worse that life can bring, one eventually ceases to be controlled by a fear of what life can bring; whatever it brings must be borne. And at this level of experience one’s bitterness begins to be palatable, and hatred becomes too heavy a sack to carry.
Weike Wang, Chemistry|The very fact of being human panics us into the most grotesque play-acting imaginable; and we deal in absurdities to keep life from being a total waste, like one constant jacking-off party.
Jill Shalvis, Simply Irresistible|Looking at him, she saw her future and felt all the ragged tears in her heart heal themselves. "I fit," she whispered in marvel, stepping into him. "I fit with you."He nodded and wrapped his arms around her. "Perfectly
American Horror Story|Before they knew it, Ormsby Island would become a paranormal attraction like Waverly Hills or Houghton Mansion or the Whaley House. The place would be crawling with people anxious to catch a ghost on camera or audio.
Gina Barreca|In short, immaturity is spoiled. And what is spoiled doesn’t ripen. It goes bad early, gets bitter and withers on the vine.
Stefan Emunds|This is not about jealousy. It's all about loyalty, honesty and respect.
Bethany Hamilton|Trust yourself, you know more than you think you do.
Rudolf Carnap, The Logical Structure of the World and Pseudoproblems in Philosophy|The self is the class (not the collection) of the experiences (or autopsychological states). The self does not belong to the expression of the basic experience, but is constructed only on a very high level.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite our battered exterior and in spite of the festering scars and rank filth that overlays it, there is underneath it all the pristine likeness of God Himself. And we would be wise to cast an eye not on the marred exterior, but to be fixed on the glorious interior.
Thomas Sowell|Politics has got too personal, too nasty, in Britain, as it has in America.
Lone Alaskan Gypsy|From midnight to 4: 00 AM is the loneliest time in the world. Because for those of us too sad to sleep, the only thing we have to look at is an empty bed, and the only thing we have to think of is every single person who didn't want to fill it tonight.
Sharon Stone|Everyone saw me on TV or read articles, and it was all about my great marriage, the white picket fence, all this success and my perfect life. But behind the scenes, it was a struggle.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Everyone has the fire, but the champions know when to ignite the spark.
Damian Lewis|I always had that long-term vision. Even getting going with cinema, knowing it was such a long road to be able to make films, but I always had a long term. Whenever I was starting out, I had that patience.
Andrew James Pritchard|Let me be cursed, let me be base and vile, but let me also kiss the hem of that garment in which my God is clothed; let me be following the devil at the same time, but still I am also your son, Lord, and I love you, and I feel a joy without which the world cannot stand and be.
Robert A. Heinlein|Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best, he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear his shoes, bathe, and not make messes in the house.
Gift Gugu Mona|You will have to defy the odds, for you to become extraordinary.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|There are as many Africas as there are books about Africa -- and as many books about it as you could read in a leisurely lifetime. Whoever writes a new one can afford a certain complacency in the knowledge that his is a new picture agreeing with no one else's, but likely to be haugthily disagreed with by all those who believed in some other Africa. ... Being thus all things to all authors, it follows, I suppose, that Africa must be all things to all readers.Africa is mystic; it is wild; it is a sweltering inferno; it is a photographer's paradise, a hunter's Valhalla, an escapist's Utopia. It is what you will, and it withstands all interpretations. It is the last vestige of a dead world or the cradle of a shiny new one. To a lot of people, as to myself, it is just 'home.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Go back?" he thought. "No good at all! Go sideways? Impossible! Go forward? Only thing to do! On we go!" So up he got, and trotted along with his little sword held in front of him and one hand feeling the wall, and his heart all of a patter and a pitter.
Muhammad Asad, Islam at the Crossroads|[Taliban spokesman on Malala Yousafzai]Malala Yousafzai targeted and criticized Islam. She was against Islam and we tried to kill her, and if we get a chance again we will definitely try to kill her, and we will feel proud killing her.
George Orwell, 1984|You are rotting away, you are falling to pieces. What are you? A bag of filth. Now turn around and look into that mirror again. Do you see that thing facing you? That is the last man. If you are human, that is humanity. Now put your clothes on again.
Digvijay Jaiswal|To see the dawn of a new beginning, You have to make a move in the Night.
Peter Marshall|No tabloid will ever print the startling news that the mummified body of Jesus of Nazareth has been discovered in old Jerusalem. Christians have no carefully embalmed body enclosed in a glass case to worship. Thank God, we have an empty tomb. The glorious fact that the empty tomb proclaims to us is that life for us does not stop when death comes. Death is not a wall, but a door.
Marilyn Manson, The Long Hard Road Out of Hell|What makes you different is what makes you stronger. You are a masterpiece uniquely designed by God. You can have tremendous victories, love, and abundance.
Abhijit Naskar|O, the sheer magnificence of words that come together like waves upon a beach, each telling its own story is a life worthy to be read
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|Take advantage of it now, while you are young, and suffer all you can, because these things don't last your whole life.
Gerhard Richter|As a science fiction fan, I had always assumed that when computers supplemented our intelligence, it would be because we outsourced some of our memory to them. We would ask questions, and our machines would give oracular - or supremely practical - replies.
Kirsten Beyer, Children of the Storm|If you want to check someone's principles, give him authority .. Then have a seat & watch
Gift Gugu Mona|Life comes once, live wisely.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|ROMEO: I love you. RIMMEL: Romeo...ROMEO: I love your glasses, your clumsiness, your wild hair, even the way you snort when you laugh. (He smiled) I love you in spite of yourself, Rim. Can't you love me in spite of myself?
Amanda Browning, Savage Destiny|I often had thoughts of vengeance, but I never felt they consumed me. In the days after our conversation, I thought about what Lee had said about Lydia’s killer having a new beginning in a different life. I didn’t want it to get in the way of justice, but didn’t everyone deserve a chance to begin again and become a better person? I think Lee knew he could reach my spirit of fairness, and as a human being –or near enough to one, it seemed unfathomable that someone should be made to pay for their past-life transgressions in a future life. I suppose that’s what karma was, in a way, just very different from an avenging fae. It didn’t mean I wouldn’t punish him, of course, if I had the chance.
Debasish Mridha|Dreams are born in our heads, but they’re forged and perfected in the fire of experience.
Samuel Ullman|I am convinced that music, like philanthropy, bridges hope.
Maggie Stiefvater|There were so many different versions of him. It was countless versions of a song, and they were all original, and they were all true, and they were all right. It should have been impossible. Was I supposed to love them all?
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Finding Flow: The Psychology of Engagement with Everyday Life|If one has failed to develop curiosity and interest in the early years, it is a good idea to acquire them now, before it is too late to improve the quality of life. To do so is fairly easy in principle, but more difficult in practice. Yet it is sure worth trying. The first step is to develop the habit of doing whatever needs to be done with concentrated attention, with skill rather than inertia. Even the most routine tasks, like washing dishes, dressing, or mowing the lawn become more rewarding if we approach them with the care it would take to make a work of art. The next step is to transfer some psychic energy each day from tasks that we don’t like doing, or from passive leisure, into something we never did before, or something we enjoy doing but don’t do often enough because it seems too much trouble. There are literally millions of potentially interesting things in the world to see, to do, to learn about. But they don’t become actually interesting until we devote attention to them.
Katha Pollitt|If I felt, in the event of a royal wedding, inspired to write about people coming together in marriage or civil partnership, I would just be grateful to have an idea for the poem. And if I didn't, I'd ignore it.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Whatever your territory is does not matter, what matters is the amount of time you are ready to invest into it to become the king of that territory.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|His silent, stony face was only inches away now. He was so near, so terribly near – and then he moved to close the last bit of distance.
Martin Luther King Jr.|And Yarvi realized that Death does not bow to each person who passes her, does not sweep out her arm respectfully to show the way, speaks no profound words, unlocks no bolts. The key upon her chest is never needed, for the Last Door stands always open. She herds the dead through impatiently, needles of rank or fame or quality. She has an ever-lengthening queue to get through. A blind procession, inexhaustible.
Angeline Kace, Wicked Thing|Magnus did not take such suffering lightly, but even mortals did not die of broken hearts. No matter how cruel Grace had been, he told himself, James would heal. Even though he was a Herondale.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|But the lost one is with you.Her tenderness strengthens you,Her gaiety uplifts you,Her honor purifies you.More than memory,The lost one is found.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, PUTSCH. Volume I|Yeah no shit, try asking random people about a bird owned by someone you don't know!” Javal countered “Well still you got it!” Javal acknowledged this with a small grin “Now what?” Javal asked Ingra scratched his head “Yeah...Well Dilmore suggested the idea....Not me.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Passage|You know what kind of a man Lonny Tooker is? The kind of a man that sets broken bird's wings.""Hitler loved dogs and babies," Dave said.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I have never been carried around by a large boy, or laughed until my stomach hurt at the dinner table, or listened to the clamor of a hundred people all talking at once. Peace is restrained; this is free.
Ernst Toller|Most people have no imagination. If they could imagine the sufferings of others, they would not make them suffer so. What separated a German mother from a French mother? Slogans which deafened us so that we could not hear the truth.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Personal growth has its price, and she was paying it without complaint.
Stephen King, Wolves of the Calla|Eddie saw great things and near misses. Albert Einstein as a child, not quite struck by a run-away milk-wagon as he crossed a street. A teenage boy named Albert Schweitzer getting out of a bathtub and not quite stepping on the cake of soap lying beside the pulled plug. A Nazi Oberleutnant burning a piece of paper with the date and place of the D-Day Invasion written on it. He saw a man who intended to poison the entire water supply of Denver die of a heart attack in a roadside rest-stop on I-80 in Iowa with a bag of McDonald’s French fries on his lap. He saw a terrorist wired up with explosives suddenly turn away from a crowded restaurant in a city that might have been Jerusalem. The terrorist had been transfixed by nothing more than the sky, and the thought that it arced above the just and unjust alike. He saw four men rescue a little boy from a monster whose entire head seemed to consist of a single eye.	But more important than any of these was the vast, accretive weight of small things, from planes which hadn’t crashed to men and women who had come to the correct place at the perfect time and thus founded generations. He saw kisses exchanged in doorways and wallets returned and men who had come to a splitting of the way and chosen the right fork. He saw a thousand random meetings that weren’t random, ten thousand right decisions, a hundred thousand right answers, a million acts of unacknowledged kindness. He saw the old people of River Crossing and Roland kneeling in the dust for Aunt Talitha’s blessing; again heard her giving it freely and gladly. Heard her telling him to lay the cross she had given him at the foot of the Dark Tower and speak the name of Talitha Unwin at the far end of the earth. He saw the Tower itself in the burning folds of the rose and for a moment understood its purpose: how it distributed its lines of force to all the worlds that were and held them steady in time’s great helix. For every brick that landed on the ground instead of some little kid’s head, for every tornado that missed the trailer park, for every missile that didn’t fly, for every hand stayed from violence, there was the Tower.	And the quiet, singing voice of the rose. The song that promised all might be well, all might be well, that all manner of things might be well.
Frank Herberterbert|...A world is supported by four things...the learning of the wise, the justice of the great, the prayers of the righteous and the valor of the brave. But all of these are as nothing without a ruler who knows the art of ruling.
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|She had penetrated his dream, but not in the way he penetrated hers.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|Every day, hundreds of observations and experiments pour into the hopper of the scientific literature. Many of them don't have much to do with evolution - they're observations about the details of physiology, biochemistry, development, and so on - but many of them do. And every fact that has something to do with evolution confirms its truth. Every fossil that we find, every DNA molecule that we sequence, every organ system that we dissect, supports the idea that species evolved from common ancestors. Despite innumerable possible observations that could prove evolution untrue, we don't have a single one. We don't find mammals in Precambrian rocks, humans in the same layers as dinosaurs, or any other fossils out of evolutionary order. DNA sequencing supports the evolutionary relationships of species originally deduced from the fossil record. And, as natural selection predicts, we find no species with adaptations that only benefit a different species. We do find dead genes and vestigial organs, incomprehensible under the idea of special creation. Despite a million chances to be wrong, evolution always comes up right. That is as close as we can get to a scientific truth.
Edward John Trelawny, Adventures of a Younger Son|The Chinese poet George Wu ... recorded on his comlog: "Poets are the mad midwives to reality. They see not what is, nor what can be, but what must become." Later, on his last disk to his lover the week before he died, Wu said: "Words are the only bullets in truth's bandolier. And poets are the snipers.
Gloria D. Gonsalves|In any situation, I choice to keep my peace.
Peace Pilgrim|My long struggles as a soldier of the Chinese Revolution have forced me to realize the necessity of facing hard facts. There will be neither peace, nor hope, nor future for any of us unless we honestly aim at political, social and economic justice for all peoples of the world, great and small.
Andrea Lochen, Imaginary Things|Nancy took her tiny little baby and held him down toward Norton."Look Norton," she said, "This is a baby."Norton looked up at Charlie, took him in, and sort of nodded as if assimilating the information.There was a very long pause, and then I heard Nancy gulp."You've finally done it," she said to me."What?" I wanted to
Brandon Sanderson, The Rithmatist|On the board, Mr. Beery had written "Those who don't remember history are doomed to repeat it." I wasn't sure if this was meant to be inspirational, thematic, or a joke about making sure to study.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|We worship numberless gods or idols, but we all need to be the grandest possible versions of ourselves, we need to walk across the face of the earth with as much grace and beauty as we can muster before we’re wrapped in our winding sheets, and returned.
Corey Taylor|Everyone one-on-one will be completely honest about the music that they listen to. But then you get into a group situation, and then it's the cool/uncool debate. I have really done my very best to reinforce the very fact that your heart knows better than your head does what you like when it comes to music and what not.
Rick Scott|I am grateful for the lessons I learned from my parents' sacrifices. They often had trouble making ends meet, so we moved for them to find work. I remember my mom would sometimes take on second jobs, like ironing, just so we could buy groceries.
Albert Einstein|High-quality professions look decently, think profoundly, and act thoughtfully.
Paul Alkazraji, Love Changes Everything: Seven Remarkable Real Life Stories|Always, God’s timing is the right time. Things happen when they have to happen and you only realise it later.” – Ernesto.
Luke  Taylor|I know I do everything. I've been doing everything for an awfully long time, and I've seen and lived as hard as I could, and it's been unbelievable, I tell you, unbelievable. But now I have the feeling everything is gliding away from me, and I don't remember, and I don't care, and yet now is right when I need it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Creating the right mind-set and a positive attitude today, will help you to start crafting a clear plan of how you intend to make your life a success.
Menna van Praag, The House at the End of Hope Street|It takes great courage and determination, to keep looking for light in all the darkness of life.
Katori Hall|Like the phoenix, socialism is reborn from every pile of ashes left day in, day out, by burnt-out human dreams and charred hopes.
Philippa Gregory, The Red Queen|What are you doing in a fast lane, snail?
Brian Tracy|Communication is a skill that you can learn. It's like riding a bicycle or typing. If you're willing to work at it, you can rapidly improve the quality of very part of your life.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|Kelsier exhaled in exasperation. “Elend Venture? You risked your life—risked the plan, and our lives—for that fool of a boy?”Vin looked up, glaring at him. “Yes.”“What is wrong with you, girl?” Kelsier asked. “Elend Venture isn’t worth this.”She stood angrily, Sazed backing away, the cloak falling the ﬂoor. “He’s a good man!”“He’s a nobleman!”“So are you!” Vin snapped. She waved a frustrated arm toward the kitchen and the crew. “What do you think this is, Kelsier? The life of a skaa? What do any of you know about skaa? Aristocratic suits, stalking your enemies in the night, full meals and nightcaps around the table with your friends? That’s not the life of a skaa!”She took a step forward, glaring at Kelsier. He blinked in surprise at the outburst.“What do you know about them, Kelsier?” she asked. “When’s the last time you slept in an alley, shivering in the cold rain, listening to the beggar next to you cough with a sickness you knew would kill him? When’s the last time you had to lay awake at night, terriﬁed that one of the men in your crew would try to rape you? Have you ever knelt, starving, wishing you had the courage to knife the crewmember beside you just so you could take his crust of bread? Have you ever cowered before your brother as he beat you, all the time feeling thankful because at least you had someone who paid attention to you?”She fell silent, pufﬁng slightly, the crewmembers staring at her.“Don’t talk to me about noblemen,” Vin said. “And don’t say things about people you don’t know. You’re no skaa— you’re just noblemen without titles.”She turned, stalking from the room. Kelsier watched her go, shocked, hearing her footsteps on the stairs. He stood, dumbfounded, feeling a surprising ﬂush of ashamed guilt.And, for once, found himself without anything to say.
Ifeanyi C.O. Obiakor|He asked, looking at her dark-rimmed eyes, "You do not sleep?"She shivered. "No. I do not want to sleep any more. I sleep too much already. It is so cold, where Quincy sends me in my sleep. Deep into the house, farther in, not into the house we see. It is as if that house were a face, and when you see a face you can't see the brain or the thoughts of the person behind it. And it is so strange - the house inside the house."********"How is it strange - this that you call the house inside the house?"She said vaguely, her eyes growing glassy, "Strange. Shapes change, and sizes. The rooms are different: bigger and blacker and longer and the shadows are full of things. Creatures - or sometimes the rooms get smaller, fewer, and the furnishings change and change, like the scenes in a kaleidoscope, and I see the people in the portraits walking about in them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|The speed at which progress rolls is not determined by the number of people who started pushing it, but by the number of people who are passionate to hold on doing so.
Honor Harger|I feel there is so much more we can do in improving education, making it accessible and understanding how technology can be a part of the solution.
Michael Denton, Evolution: A Theory In Crisis|The theory of phlogiston was an inversion of the true nature of combustion. Removing phlogiston was in reality adding oxygen, while adding phlogiston was actually removing oxygen. The theory was a total misrepresentation of reality. Phlogiston did not even exist, and yet its existence was firmly believed and the theory adhered to rigidly for nearly one hundred years throughout the eighteenth century. ... As experimentation continued the properties of phlogiston became more bizarre and contradictory. But instead of questioning the existence of this mysterious substance it was made to serve more comprehensive purposes. ... For the skeptic or indeed to anyone prepared to step out of the circle of Darwinian belief, it is not hard to find inversions of common sense in modern evolutionary thought which are strikingly reminiscent of the mental gymnastics of the phlogiston chemists or the medieval astronomers.To the skeptic, the proposition that the genetic programmes of higher organisms, consisting of something close to a thousand million bits of information, equivalent to the sequence of letters in a small library of one thousand volumes, containing in encoded form countless thousands of intricate algorithms controlling, specifying and ordering the growth and development of billions and billions of cells into the form of a complex organism, were composed by a purely random process is simply an affront to reason. But to the Darwinist the idea is accepted without a ripple of doubt - the paradigm takes precedence!
Criss Jami, Healology|Fame is an island, and right before the castaway, the getaway of being known without being known.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Many are never satisfied. They always want more ; and then when they get more, they are still not content. I think mostly because they are trying to keep up with others. You have to live within your means or you'll find yourself trying to dig your way out of a hole. Whatever is meant for you is for you. Don't lose yourself trying to live another's life
John Muir, Our National Parks|Thousands of tired, nerve-shaken, over-civilized people are beginning to find out that going to the mountains is going home; that wildness is a necessity
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|With the money my mother earned from selling cakes, my father cut a deal with Mangochi and bought one pail of maize. My mother took it to the mill, saved half the flour for us, and used the rest for more cakes. We did this every day, taking enough to eat and selling the rest. It was enough to provide our one blob of nsima each night, along with some pumpkin leaves. It was practically nothing, yet knowing it would be there somehow made the hunger less painful. "As long as we can stay in business," my father said, "we'll make it through. Our profit is that we live.
Jenn Granneman, The Secret Lives of Introverts: Inside Our Hidden World|Introverts live in two worlds: We visit the world of people, but solitude and the inner world will always be our home.
Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle|The more powerful the class, the more it claims not to exist.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|He begins to sing to her, very softly, almost not singing at all, just a whisper of a tune. He spins out the tune like it is a tale he is telling her, until he feels her body relax, until he feels her falling into sleep. He sings to let her know he’s there, to stay anchored to the earth, to keep from laughing or crying in amazement that he is lying with Alice in his arms, he sings as if music could keep her alive, as if music could feed her soul, as if music could weave a protective spell around her to survive these days and these weeks and these months and these years, he sings as if he could give her a piece of himself, which will ring inside of her like a bell, like a promise, like hope whenever she needs him; and in his singing, he promises her every single thing he can think of, and more.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|We spend a good part of our lives dreaming, especially when we're awake.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.
Thomas Page McBee|If anyone had a right to lecture people about their sin, it was the sinless son of God. If even he could meet sinners as equals, how much more should we Christians---all sinners ourselves---treat as equals the people we encounter in our lives?
Darryl Steven Markowitz, Call Of The Tree|Where do thoughts come from, Father?”King Mafferan looked deeply into his twelve-year-old eyes. “While I may not be sure all thoughts are my own, I am sure when I own them.
Karl Marlantes, What It is Like to Go to War|Many will argue that there is nothing remotely spiritual in combat. Consider this. Mystical or religious experiences have four common components: constant awareness of one's own inevitable death, total focus on the present moment, the valuing of other people's lives above one's own, and being part of a larger religious community such as the Sangha, ummah, or church. All four of these exist in combat. The big difference is that the mystic sees heaven and the warrior sees hell. Whether combat is the dark side of the same version, or only something equivalent in intensity, I simply don't know. I do know that at the age of fifteen I had a mystical experience that scared the hell out of me and both it and combat put me into a different relationship with ordinary life and eternity.Most of us, including me, would prefer to think of a sacred space as some light-filled wonderous place where we can feel good and find a way to shore up our psyches against death. We don't want to think that something as ugly and brutal as combat could be involved in any way with the spiritual. However, would any practicing Christian say that Calvary Hill was not a sacred space?
Reck-Malleczewen|A little late, gentlemen, you who made this archdestroyer of Germany and ran after him, as long as everything seemed to be going well; you who ... without hesitation swore every oath demanded of you and reduced yourselves to the despicable flunkies of this criminal who is guilty of the murder of hundreds of thousands, burdened with the lamentations and the curse of the whole world; now you have betrayed “him.... Now, when the bankruptcy can no longer be concealed, they betray the house that went broke, in order to establish a political alibi for themselves—the same men who have betrayed everything that was in the way of their claim to power.
Anthony Liccione|As an artist I have always tried to be faithful to my vision of life, and I have frequently been in conflict with those who wanted me to paint not what I saw but what they wished me to see.
Lorraine  Turner, Calico Horses and the Patchwork Trail|They say, they own a piece of land. I say, you don’t even own your own body.
Julene Bair, The Ogallala Road: A Memoir of Love and Reckoning|You will find, as you get older, that the key to being happy is being able to turn those bad memories into treasured ones. I used to cringe at the thought of you being angry with us. Now, you couldn't give me all the gold in the world to take that memory away, because it reminds me of the type of person you were and still are.
Erin Entrada Kelly, You Go First|If you don't see something beautiful, change your viewpoint.
Jean Hannah Edelstein|I held on to the hope that one day I would grow up and have all the answers, just like my parents. As I look over at Arnold and then at Father Mike, I realize that adults are just as fucked as the rest of us. No one really grows up. No one unravels all of life's many mysteries. They just grow older and become better liars.
Stanley Milgram, Obedience to Authority|Ordinary people, simply doing their jobs, and without any particular hostility on their part, can become agents in a terrible destructive process. Moreover, even when the destructive effects of their work become patently clear, and they are asked to carry out actions incompatible with fundamental standards of morality, relatively few people have the resources needed to resist authority.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger and Other Stories|The only real difference between a wise man and a fool, Moore knew, was that the wise man tended to make more serious mistakes—and only because no one trusted a fool with really crucial decisions; only the wise had the opportunity to lose battles, or nations.
Montel Williams|Like all Americans, I will never forget where I was the morning of the 9/11 attacks.
Mahatma Gandhi, Non-Violent Resistance|How can there ever be any serious expectation of living in paradise, if one cannot behave appropriately, or be trusted to respect and honour all life?
Morrie Schwartz|Do the kind of things that come from the heart, When you do, you won't be dissatisfied, you won't be envious, you won't be longing for somebody else's things. On the contrary, you'll be overhelmed with what comes back
Paola Marie M.|Remember if it's not happy then it's not the end so babe keep fighting, you'll win this war.
Frank Herbert|What is your original face, before your mother and father were born?
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|What will has caused, will must be brought to correct.
Jennifer Echols, Dirty Little Secret|I continued to move my fingers across his skin exactly as I had before, but I needed to make a decision. I had reached for him, but I could back out of it by trailing my fingers down his arm and settling my hand in his, like I wanted us to be friends.I didn't want us to be friends.Ever so slowly, I slid my hand up his sleeve, across his shoulder, and up his neck to cradle his jaw, prickly with stubble.
Danny Dover, The Minimalist Mindset|Habits, not ideas, are the programming language of human beings
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
Louis Zamperini, Devil at My Heels|Soon they were all sitting on the rocky ledge, which was still warm, watching the sun go down into the lake. It was the most beautiful evening, with the lake as blue as a cornflower and the sky flecked with rosy clouds. They held their hard-boiled eggs in one hand and a piece of bread and butter in the other, munching happily. There was a dish of salt for everyone to dip their eggs into.‘I don’t know why, but the meals we have on picnics always taste so much nicer than the ones we have indoors,’ said George.
Debasish Mridha|Wonder at everything and ask, why?Love everything and wonder, why?
Jessica-Lynn Barbour|We dreamt of a crappy apartment somewhereMaking love while we let the midnight airFlow through the open window, into our closed heartsLeft bitter from heartbreak and too much time apart
Joanna Field|I now see my life, not as a slow shaping of achievment to fit my preconceived purposes, but as the gradual discovery of a purpose which I did not know.
Amanda Bynes|I listen to the people. That was a big reason for my life, maybe the main reason, I'm singing because I love it when people say to me, 'Thank you.' I thank them. It's a marriage.
Thomas Mann, Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns|I wish something would happen to me, something that would show me exactly how cruel and jealous and vengeful I can be. Then I could go back to gentleness because I chose it over brutality for its own sake, not because I didn't have the courage to be cruel. I might even like cruelty. I doubt very much that I would, but I ought to find out.
Rajesh Walecha|When life asks you a question, you learn. When you ask a question from life, you cry.
Ayize Jama-Everett, The Liminal People|Ignorance. It claws, tears, and eventually destroys the threads that hold humanity together. These people all around me saying not this, not that…Their tongues untied with the rudeness they fear not to speakTo those they know nothing of, nothing about.Your hair is too tangled, your thighs too fatYour religion, your morals, you can’t possibly believe in that.I do, someone else does too.You are ignorant.
Brene Brown|Dare, dream, dance, smile, and sing loudly! And have faith that love is an unstoppable force!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Starting over is an acceptance of a past we can't change, an unrelenting conviction that the future can be different, and a stubborn wisdom to use the past to make the future was the past was not.
Sydney J. Harris|We may say then that the contribution of the telegraph to public discourse was to dignify irrelevance and amplify impotence. But this was not all: Telegraphy also made public discourse essentially incoherent. It brought into being a world of broken time and broken attention, to use Lewis Mumford's phrase. The principle strength of the telegraph was its capacity to move information, not collect it, explain it or analyze it. In this respect, telegraphy was the exact opposite of typography.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, don’t dream of becoming a superior over other people. Dream of becoming a superior over your previous achievements.
Sushil Singh|...the beginning and the end of time. These are the same thing, as everybody knows who came into this universe via a wormhole.
kamil Toume|People cannot be managed or led, people are inspired. Think leadership again if you disagree.
Bob Proctor|I am a spiritual person living in a human body, not a human body with a spirit.
Kate Aaron, Four Chances: A Short Story Quartet|I love you. The words reverberated between them, sinking into their skin, scored onto their hearts as they staked their claims to each other’s bodies, surrendering themselves and possessing each other, a tangle of limbs and lust and love, coiled together into one perfect unit, one small miracle, one simple story that has been told and retold since the beginning of time: just two people meeting, the most extraordinary and wondrous and mundane thing in the world.
Tori Amos|I think I'm a fun flatmate. I'm always cheerful. I go on tour with my band so it's 12 people on one bus and I feel like I'm the one who's happy in the morning. I'm not a chaotic person, but I might slack off on doing the dishes from time to time.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Her eyes were full of a hot liquid (she did not think of tears at first) which, without disturbing the firmness of her lips, made the air thick, rolled down her cheeks. She had perfect control of herself-Oh, yes!-in every other way.
Lili St. Crow, Reckoning|Anything for you, Dru. And I mean it. Now, be quiet and let me concentrate.
Alexandre Dumas, The Borgias Celebrated Crimes|designer can inject the most artistic flair. The word “ampersand” didn’t come into being until the nineteenth century. At that time & was customarily taught as the twenty-seventh letter of the alphabet and pronounced “and.” When schoolchildren recited their ABCs, they concluded with the words “and, per se [i.e., by itself ], ‘and.’” This eventually became corrupted to “ampersand.” The symbol is a favorite of law and
Andrew Marvell|My vegetable love will growVaster than empires, and more slow.
Marquis de Sade|There is no God, Nature sufficeth unto herself; in no wise hath she need of an author.
Ariana Grande|Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
Mekiah Johnson|You know what I absolutely hate?When people say "the first African-american to do this or the first native to do this" like, seriously, I don't care. At all. I care much more about what you do than the color of your skin. You are just another human being like everybody else.
Daniel D. Victor, The Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes: The Seventh Bullet|Each of us, I think, adopts a comfortable and familiar era or place in which to plant ourselves; and from then on, that which disagrees with our memories -- a new building here, a change in paint there -- is forever jarring and anachronistic.
Chris Lange, Enchained|He walked hesitantly toward her and then wrapped his arms around her in a gentle hug.“You just looked like you needed one,” he said.
Brian Evenson, Last Days|For Jefferson, William and Mary was largely about what university life is supposed to be about: reading books, enjoying the company of like-minded, and savoring teachers who seemed to be ambassadors from other, richer, writer worlds. Jefferson believed Williamsburg "the finest school of manners and morals that ever existed in America.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Each day that comes is not a privilege to think about wrong people and things in a negative way and disturb not just your mind, but your heart as well! Each day is however, a great privilege to be thankful to God and mind the business of your life; how to summon all challenges, limit your mistakes and improve your wit and wisdom, and how to move your footsteps to live noble and indelible footprints!
Margaret McGoverne, The  Battle of Watling Street|What had these people done to deserve a band of desperate rebels turning up on their doorsteps, and now more trouble! Yet, what had any of them done, what gods had they displeased to deserve the calamity that was the Romans?
Euginia Herlihy|Life is nasty, brutish, and short. Death is easy.
Erwin Schrödinger, A Life of Erwin Schrödinger|I am a cuddly atheist... I am against creationism being taught in schools because there is empirical evidence that it is a silly notion... I am passionately concerned about the rise in pseudo-science; in beliefs in alternative medicine; in creationism. The idea that somehow it is based on logic, on rational arguments, but it's not. It doesn't stand up to empirical evidence.In the same way in medicine, alternative medicines like homeopathy or new age therapies – reiki healing – a lot of people buy into it and it grates against my rationalist view of the world. There is no evidence for it. It is deceitful. It is insidious. I feel passionately about living in a society with a rationalist view of the world.I will be vocal on issues where religion impacts on people's lives in a way that I don't agree with – if, for instance, in faith schools some of the teaching of religion suggests the children might have homophobic views or views that are intolerant towards other belief systems...I am totally against, for example, bishops in the House of Lords. Why should someone of a particular religious faith have some preferential treatment over anyone else? This notion that the Church of England is the official religion of the country is utterly outmoded now.
Annie Dillard|I like to be aware of a book as a piece of writing, and aware of its structure as a product of mind, and yet I want to be able to see the represented world through it. I admire artists who succeed in dividing my attention more or less evenly between the world of their books and the art of their books . . . so that a reader may study the work with pleasure as well as the world that it describes.
Teri Garr|If you don't have humor, you're not going to make it. You're going to be one of those people who walks around with your head about to explode.
Bret Easton Ellis, The Rules of Attraction|It was the sexual chemistry I wanted more of. It was electric. I'd forgotten what it was like to be with someone who excited you in every sense of the word, who thrilled and frightened you in equal measure.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The self, when confined into the usual wakeful state of consciousness, is human, but when enters into the transcendental state of Absolute Oneness, becomes God.
Michael J. Cohen, Reconnecting with Nature: Finding Wellness Through Rebuilding Your Bond with the Earth|Labels bias our perceptions, thinking, and behavior. A label or story can either separate us from, or connect us to, nature. For our health and happiness, we must critically evaluate our labels and stories by their effects.
Jakarta, Indonesia|Just be yourself, when no one believe you!
William Wordsworth|Dreams, books, are each a world; and books, we know,Are a substantial world, both pure and good:Round these, with tendrils strong as flesh and blood,Our pastime and our happiness will grow.
Augusten Burroughs, You Better Not Cry: Stories for Christmas|As a young child I had Santa and Jesus all mixed up. I could identify Coke or Pepsi with just one sip, but I could not tell you for sure why they strapped Santa to a cross. Had he missed a house? Had a good little girl somewhere in the world not received the doll he’d promised her, making the father angry?” (p.3)
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|Most victories are, in the best way, acts of revenge.
Anne Lamott|An editor sleeping with his writer was not as bad as a psychoanalyst sleeping with his patient, or even a professor sleeping with an undergraduate, let alone a president with an intern.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese|The picture of helpless indolence she calls herselfsublimely helpless and impotentI had done living I thoughtWas ever life so like death before? My face was so close against the tombstones, that there seemed no room for tears.
Isabelle Glass, Prince Orlofsky, Vampire Hunter|With this and this - and he touched one of the canine teeth and that below it - the little children can be bitten." Unaesthetic as it may seem, vampires bite out of one side of the mouth, and one side only, which is only common sense. The upper canines in themselves are little more than daggers, useless in tearing flesh without employing the lower canines to help pin the skin together. Preoccupied with the erotic, the cinema necessarily rides roughshod over such technicalities.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report; if there be any virtue, and if there be any praise, think on these things.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Kind hearts are the gardens, Kind thoughts are the roots, Kind words are the flowers, Kind deeds are the fruits, Take care of your garden And keep out the weeds, Fill it with sunshine, Kind words, and Kind deeds.
Zarina Bibi|Your pain is not prescribed by your creator, He is the healer thus not giver of misery.We are victims of others; lay the blame where it belongs.Mankind is responsible for its environment and culture, the earth was in its purest form when Adam arrived (blessing on our first prophet) Culture created by man for power. The day we take responsibility for our actions, will be the day God walks through the door smiling
Amit Kalantri|All the successful personalities had one common element, they all liked reading books.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The reason many people in our society are miserable, sick, and highly stressed is because of an unhealthy attachment to things they have no control over.
Yongey Mingyur|Emotional states are fairly quick bursts of neuronal gossip. Traits, on the other hand, are more like the neuronal equivalent of committed relationships.
Lucy|Sometimes GOD places walls NOT to hold us back, but to test our determination
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Percy stared at his jelly donut. He had a rocky history with Nico di Angelo. The guy had once tricked him into visiting Hades's palace, and Percy had ended up in a cell. But most of the time, Nico sided with the good guys. He certainly didn't deserve slow suffocation in a bronze jar, and Percy couldn't stand seeing Hazel in pain."We'll rescue him," he promised her. "We have to. The prophecy says he holds the key to endless death.
Cat Cora|If a woman gets insomnia, you never know where you're going to find her furniture the next morning. It's primal. We have so little we can control, but we can perfect the way our room looks.
Malcolm Forbes|No matter what, I'm trying to have fun and, depending on the mood, fun can be on a roller coaster and playing onstage, or fun can be sitting in a room with three of your best friends talking for two hours.
S.G. Browne, Breathers: A Zombie's Lament|On a hairpin turn, above the dead forest, on no day in particular, a white Toyota crashed into a black Mercedes, for a moment blending into a blur of gray.
Jodi Linton, Talk Dirty to Me, Cowboy: A Deputy Laney Briggs Novella|She had an ass that could make any man sin."~ Gunner Wilson
Victoria Moran, Younger by the Day: 365 Ways to Rejuvenate Your Body and Revitalize Your Spirit|Our society on a whole is trained to see young women. There are proportionally far more of them on magazine covers, on TV, and in films than int the actual population. As a result, we have a citizenry taught to see the young and ignore the not-so-young. It isn’t conscious; it’s Pavlovian. (13)
Jason F. Wright, The Wednesday Letters|So here’s my question: when you lose the most important person to you in the entire world, where is all the love – love you never even knew you were capable of – supposed to go?
Joss Sheldon, The Little Voice|The creature who lives inside my brain suggested I do it,” I offered tentatively. “It was very convincing.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|I detest these underdone men, he thought coldly. Boiled looking! Ought to be shoved back in the oven; just one more minute would do it.
Erin McCahan, Love and Other Foreign Words|Someday, I will be brave enough to say these things to you in person. For now, I remain in happy, quiet contemplation over you and can say tonight that I just might love you. Or could someday.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|The broadest possible exercise of imagination is the thing most conducive to human health, individual and global
Daniel D. Maurer, Sobriety: A Graphic Novel|But prayer and meditation aren't only in the realm of religion. I'd say neither is God, for that matter, brother Matt. What it's about is finding a peaceful center, even when we think that life is totally whack!
Charlie Higson, The Fear|Plus, I wondered if any of these celebrities were alive; or if Brangelina was now a zombified couple.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you don’t know your maker, chances are that you will never know yourself. If you don’t know yourself, you will bury your meals and complain of poverty!
Keisha Keenleyside, The Spirit Master|Your eyes,' Asha grunted as he looked at him briefly. 'Turn them off.' He clicked his fingers and Blitzen's eyes blinked and when they opened only the whites of his eyes were visible, all he could see was darkness.
Bernard Pomerance, The Elephant Man|Before I spoke with people, I did not think of all these things because there was no one to bother to think them for. Now things just come out of my mouth which are true.
Ava DuVernay|You know, often films that are deemed positive, nobody wants to see them.
Natalya Vorobyova|I suggest he starts introducing himself as "Lessman"; he is classless, tactless, and mannerless.
Michael Morpurgo, Alone on a Wide Wide Sea|The world we made together is gone now. Silk and cinnamon do not bring it back to me as clearly as the smell of potatoes frying with onions, or the purr of a cat, or the feel of a knot beneath my fingers. And that in itself is proof of how the voyage changed me, who set out only wanting to see anything new and different.
Seneca, Letters From A Stoic: Epistulae Morales AD Lucilium (Illustrated. Newly revised text. Includes Image Gallery + Audio): All Three Volumes|Here is your great soul—the man who has given himself over to Fate; on the other hand, that man is a weakling and a degenerate who struggles and maligns the order of the universe and would rather reform the gods than reform himself.
Artie Lange|At the very least we should be given a bit of credit and a little bit of space, and maybe the media should think we could help them discover why English teams do not win European competitions.
Janet R. Jakobsen and Ann Pellegrini|It's fallacious reasoning for the atheist to hate all religion due to men who manipulate religion to fit their own agendas. They are counterparts, therefore, if Truth is true, partners in crime. To believers, the atheist and the religiously corrupt boil down to the same person, the self-righteous: one denies Truth to fit his own agenda; the other manipulates Truth to fit his own agenda.
Confucius|Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|The hardest thing about adolescence is that everything seems too big. There's no way to get context or perspective, ..... Pain and joy without limits. No one can live like that forever, so experience finally comes to our rescue. We come to know what we can endure, and also that nothing endures.
H.L. Mencken|In the practice of tolerance, one's enemy is the best teacher.
Gabriel Rheaume|I bought salvation from a man on the street. He said, "Go down to the beach and let the waves wash your feet.
Darren Aronofsky|If you describe yourself as "Atheist," some people will say, "Don't you mean 'Agnostic'?" I have to reply that I really do mean Atheist. I really do not believe that there is a god - in fact I am convinced that there is not a god (a subtle difference). I see not a shred of evidence to suggest that there is one. It's easier to say that I am a radical Atheist, just to signal that I really mean it, have thought about it a great deal, and that it's an opinion I hold seriously. It's funny how many people are genuinely surprised to hear a view expressed so strongly. In England we seem to have drifted from vague wishy-washy Anglicanism to vague wishy-washy Agnosticism - both of which I think betoken a desire not to have to think about things too much.
Kimberly Belle, The Ones We Trust|That sounds a lot like, ’ I have more secrets that I’m going to spring on you whenever I feel like stopping your heart dead in your chest.
Kenzo Tange|Architecture can't fully represent the chaos and turmoil that are part of the human personality, but you need to put some of that turmoil into the architecture, or it isn't real.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|My wretched passions were acute, smarting, from my continual, sickly irritability I had hysterical impulses, with tears and convulsions. I had no resource except reading, that is, there was nothing in my surroundings which I could respect and which attracted me. I was overwhelmed with depression, too; I had an hysterical craving for incongruity and for contrast, and so I took to vice.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|We humans have lost the wisdom of genuinely resting and relaxing. We worry too much. We don't allow our bodies to heal, and we don't allow our minds and hearts to heal.
Trevion Burns, Tingle|If he sees you in this apartment he will seriously murder you and then break up with me.  And I really, really don’t want him to break up with me, Linc.”“But murdering me, that’s all good?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe this is one of the tests of the Spirit-filled life. Is Christ becoming more and more evident in my life? Are people seeing more of Him, and less of me?
Haruki Murakami|I write weird stories. I don't know why I like weirdness so much. Myself, I'm a very realistic person. I don't trust anything New Age -- or reincarnation, dreams, Tarot, horoscopes. I don't trust anything like that at all. I wake up at 6 in the morning and go to bed at 10, jogging every day and swimming, eating healthy food. I'm very realistic. But when I write, I write weird. That's very strange. When I'm getting more and more serious, I'm getting more and more weird. When I want to write about the reality of society and the world, it gets weird. Many people ask me why, and I can't answer that. But I recognized when I was interviewing those 63 ordinary people -- they were very straightforward, very simple, very ordinary, but their stories were sometimes very weird. That was interesting.
Kimberlee Roth, Surviving a Borderline Parent: How to Heal Your Childhood Wounds and Build Trust, Boundaries, and Self-Esteem|Certainly, it's important to acknowledge and identify the effects of BPD on your life. It's equally important to realize that it neither dictates who you are nor fixes your destiny.
Ramana Maharshi|No one wants to live in a wheelchair unable to talk, only winking once for yes and twice for no. It's perfectly reasonable that there will come a point where the balance of judgment of life over death swings the other way.
Joseph Conrad|I remember my mean mouth, I remember how wise I thought I was. But I was not wise then. Now I am wise.
Aileen Lee|I wanted to make a film that wouldn't just appeal to Formula One fans. That's what the great sports documentaries do - 'Hoop Dreams,' 'When We Were Kings' - they're human dramas first, sport second, if at all.
Brian Selznick, The Invention of Hugo Cabret|I address you all tonight for who you truly are: wizards, mermaids, travelers, adventurers, and magicians. You are the true dreamers.
Rudyard Kipling, The Jungle Books|Even water carves monuments of stone, so do our thoughts shape our character.
Jessica St. Clair|We ought to be beating our chests every day. We ought to look in the mirror, stick out our chests, suck in our bellies, and say, 'Damn, we're Americans,' and smile.
Warsan Shire|Winter is the time for comfort, for good food and warmth, for the touch of a friendly hand and for a talk beside the fire: it is the time for home.
Kerry Greenwood, Death by Water|We speak in hushed voices, so as not to wake our memories, the things we've done, the things we'll continue to do, for fear of breaking the cycle, how fierce we were when we were young, when we were unafraid of coming unhinged.
John Piper, Desiring God: Meditations of a Christian Hedonist|Faith is born and sustained by the Word of God, and out of faith grows the flower of joy.
Amy Winehouse|Relationship doesn’t remain, We resonate on different flames, I could cut you down again, If you were like all other men, If you were like all other men, I know that I could shut you down again
R.W. Erskine|Outdated ideas inevitably lead to outdated behaviors. When ignorance and hate enter the room, progress makes its exit.
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|I miss you in the maddening noise of crowd,I hear your laughter at my folly with sweet indifference,I miss you like a frozen tear finding its course,I miss you in your presence inside me,I miss you in every breath I take.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Jesper: “If Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost.”Kaz: “I’ll just hire Matthias’ ghost to kick your ghost’s ass.”Matthias: “My ghost won’t associate with your ghost.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|You're weird,' she said. 'You don't have any friends.''I didn't come here for friends,' said Bod truthfully. "i came here to learn.'Mo's nose twitched. "Do you know how weird that is?' she asked. "Nobody comes to school to learn. I mean, you come because you have to.
Toba Beta|Once upon a time in the land of Shinar, God came down to see the city and the tower. People were united and spoke in one language. Then God confound their language and caused them scattered all over the planet earth. I believe, because of our technology, there will be one computer-based language on earth. Then God will come back again and make us all scattered all over the stars constellation.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|It has been said that poise is our highest state of consciousness. It reflects your presence, composure, balance, gratitude, discretion, and self-respect. Whether a man or a woman, a poised person carries within themselves an elegant air of dignity and grace. Their personal brand is polished and purposeful.
Bryant H. McGill|Pessimists are the people who have no hope for themselves or for others. Pessimists are also people who think the human race is beneath their notice, that they're better than other human beings.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Few things leave a deeper mark on the reader, than the first book that finds its way to his heart.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin's Blade|Sophie," he said, and when she gave him a stern look, he took a hasty swig of the posset. “Miss Collins. I have not yet had a chance to properly apologize to you, so let me take it now. Please forgive me for the trick I played on you with the scones. I did not mean to show you disrespect. I hope you do not imagine I think any less of you for your position in the household, for you are one of the finest and bravest ladies I have ever had the pleasure of knowing.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Do not turn your face from others with pride, nor walk arrogantly on earth. Verily the Almighty does not like those who are arrogant and boastful.
Katherine Anne Porter, The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter|Yes, she had changed her mind after sixty years and she would like to see George. I want you to find George. Find him and be sure to tell him I forgot him. I want him to know I had my husband just the same and my children and my house like any other woman. A good house too and a good husband that I loved and fine children out of him. Better than I had hoped for even. Tell him I was given back everything he took away and more. Oh, no, oh, God, no, there was something else besides the house and the man and the children. Oh, surely they were not all? What was it? Something not given back... Her breath crowded down under her ribs and grew into a monstrous frightening shape with cutting edges; it bored up into her head, and the agony was unbelievable: Yes, John, get the Doctor now, no more talk, the time has come.
Anne-Marie Duff|I can't imagine wanting to be famous just for the sake of being famous. I think fame should come along with success, talent.
Jamie Dimon|The government that governs from afar absolutely requires that the truth and the facts reach its knowledge by every possible channel, so that it may weigh and estimate them better, and this need increases when a country like the Philippines is concerned, where the inhabitants speak and complain in a language unknown to the authorities.
Saru Singhal|There are no human gods here, just hoods who think they are.
Jerry Garcia|Give your dog or cat respect, patience, understanding and love. And if you just change to one vegetarian day a week, that's a wonderful step that will save animal lives. It means you have chosen something kind instead of something cruel.
Shelby Foote|..Liberals see racism where it doesn't exist, fabricate it when they can't find it and ignore it within their own ranks.
Amanda Kelly|... I have just experienced the most passionate kiss I've ever received from a guy, and it was on the freaking forehead!
Isabella Bird|I had seen the ballet of 'Swan Lake' as a child but it was as an adult, when I saw a production featuring Erik Bruhn, that I first noticed how significant a part the ever-present threat of violence played. This juxtaposition of great beauty and grace with a backdrop of pure evil stayed with me for years.
Ken Robinson|We have sold ourselves into a fast food model of education, and it's impoverishing our spirit and our energies as much as fast food is depleting our physical bodies.
Richard Bewes|We also wish warmly to affirm those sisters and brothers, already in membership with orthodox churches, who - while experiencing same-sex desires and feelings - nevertheless battle with the rest of us, in repentance and faith, for a lifestyle that affirms marriage [between a man and woman] and celibacy as the two given norms for sexual expression. There is room for every kind of background and past sinful experience among members of Christ's flock as we learn the way of repentance and renewed lives, for "such were some of you. But you were washed, you were sanctified, you were justified in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and by the Spirit of our God" (1 Corinthians 6:11).This is true inclusivity.
Mitt Romney|If right and left are competing to be the biggest victim, who is competing to be the government?
Bernd Heinrich, Why We Run: A Natural History|Rule #12: The correct number of bikes to own is N+1, where N is the number of bikes currently owned.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|Terrorism has no religion, but secularism has one and only one.
Dada Bhagwan|If nothing on the inside spoils, nothing on the outside will either. This is the hidden secret of this world.
B.S. Johnson|This world rubs me raw, scours me smooth like an SOS pad put to a grease-caked skillet. And pain: it stabs and scrapes and pulls me back to earth, my final B&B, that worm-spun cot of cool black sod.
Carmen Dominique Taxer, Blood Deluge|Father and the child were no longer speaking, but they sat together in silence. The child was at his feet, and he sat, up in his throne, his eyes on the sky as well.It made her smile. They existed beneath the same stretch of stars. They loved the same night blanket above them.She looked at him, taking the opportunity to relish in his distraction to study him, his midnight hair, his pale body, only barely covered by the cloak, the fur of it distractingly like his hair, his lips just parted enough that his fangs were visible, his deep violet eyes, his long, elegant fingers, stroking the…She swallowed back pain that rose up her throat as she watched Father stroking the boy’s hair. Sitting together like that, the similarities between them were bewitching. She frowned, glancing once, disdainfully at the wavy-haired child with the slanted green eyes, walking to her Father’s throne and bending her knee in a bow.There was a sound like a chuckle, and she looked up at him. He was smiling at her. It warmed the quiet cold in her chest.“Come,” he said in his sonorous voice, and the darkness whispered with it, a thousand voices in varying degrees of age, gender, depth and lifted sweetness, all speaking together. She moved closer to him, sitting where his arm wound around her shoulder, fitting them together like childish toy blocks.
Erich Fromm|As you make your bed, so you must lie in it.
Julia Ross, The Seduction|In my typical way, I declined to respond, saying that I didn't want anyone to run to a store just because I endorsed a trend. Besides, a trend is good only if it works for you, your wardrobe, and your lifestyle.
Amos Bronson Alcott|Having to go through an intervention and family counseling is a wonderful experience. I would almost recommend it to anybody. It opens a lot of communication, and it opens old sores, but once it is opened and hashed out, the rewards are far greater.
Mary Elizabeth Braddon, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|But life wasn't a fairy tale, and I had no problem doing what was necessary to get what I wanted, even if it meant playing dirty.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Bitch: In Praise of Difficult Women|I don't think it's really about being bitchy or demanding or cold or calculating: those characteristics, after all, can be attached to most women with even the paltriest of evidence. I think, quite frankly, that the world simply does not care for the complicated girls, the ones who seem too dark, too deep, too vibrant, too opinionated...
Alexandre Dumas, The Son of Porthos: Or, the Death of Aramis|The truth is that you are afraid.''Afraid? I do not know all the words in the Parisian jargon, and I know not what you mean.
Alice Hoffman, The Marriage of Opposites|There is the outside of a story, and the inside of a story... One is the fruit and may be delicious, but the other is the seed.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|Out of all the piles of dirt, garbage, and shit we have been handed, we can grow a patch of daisies.
Jacob Maldonado|The elevator to success broke a long time ago, the problem is too many people are too lazy to take the stairs.
Charlaine Harris, Dead and Gone|All we can go on is what we think, how we see the world. If you can't trust your own mind what can you trust?
Bo Bennett|I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship.
Joseph Bau, Dear God, Have You Ever Gone Hungry?|These two Joes—the nasty bully and the starry-eyed dreamer—were my father. Growing up, the difficulty was knowing just which Joe would rise with the sun that day.
Edgar Allan Poe|And all I loved, I loved alone.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|Getting smacked in the face with a Harry Potter book does not qualify as a fight," Charlie says. "First of all, it wasn't just any Harry Potter book. It was Order of the Phoenix."Matt gasps. He knows that Order of the Phoenix is the longest and most potentially dangerous of all the Harry Potter books when used as a weapon.
Mallory Ortberg|There is humor in the darkest of moments - People who I have loved and passed away, and very high stake situations where you can't help but laugh. I think that's very human.
C. Everett Koop|Performing is an experience, for me, that is as humbling as it is energizing.
Michel Foucault|The strategic adversary is fascism... the fascism in us all, in our heads and in our everyday behavior, the fascism that causes us to love power, to desire the very thing that dominates and exploits us.
|A strong mind focuses not on its obstacle, but on the reward that lies at the end of it.
B.J. Daniels, Crime Scene At Cardwell Ranch|She shot him a look she thought he might still remember, the same one a rattler gives right before it strikes.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|Are you . . . lost?” “Not really,” she told him. “We just don’t know where we’re going.
Brian Molko|What is it about her, Duncan?” he said finally. “She fights me at every turn, then nearly dies defending me. She comes more than willingly to my bed, then runs the very next morning. She wants nothing to do with me, and yet I find her... fascinating.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|Here's my using dickwad in a sentence. Greg is such a dickwad, he locks his car in the Pagoda Pizza parking lot. (No. That isn't a real Vocab word.)
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Perhaps all the dragons of your life are princesses, who are only waiting for us to show a little beauty and courage. Perhaps at the very bottom every horror is something helpless, that wants help from us
Sandra Hill, The Last Viking|Comedy, of course, lives for serious moments.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|At this period, too, Leningraders resorted to their most desperate food substitutes, scraping dried glue from the underside of wallpaper and boiling up shoes and belts. (Tannery processes had changed, they discovered, since the days of Amundsen and Nansen, and the leather remained tough and inedible.)
Ankita Singhal|You pierce me with a look, a word, a gesture. And yet those same weapons could shield me from hurt if you so choose.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, today’s truth could be tomorrow’s absurdity.
William Gibson|Being incarcerated is truly very serious, and it has changed my life to such an extent that breaking the cycle has become my sole focus. Jail is definitely not cool. Education is.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Your True Home: The Everyday Wisdom of Thich Nhat Hanh: 365 days of practical, powerful teachings from the beloved Zen teacher|He was the least spiritual of all the monks here, accepting nothing without proof. This skepticism was simultaneously his greatest asset and his greatest impediment.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Until the War, we claimed to be equal; simpletons, some say, but equal man to man.
Philip K. Dick|The front edge of the shockwave impacts the earth and you’re both shoved to your backs against the crumbling asphalt of the parking lot, and then crushed into oblivion as the Earth, along with every celestial body of your solar system, is disintegrated into tiny shards and then sucked unceremoniously into the resulting black hole.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I am one thing, my writings are another.
Sam Smith|I'm very happy with my life and career, but I do find myself having serious attacks of nostalgia, and I don't quite know why. Even though I've got to travel the world and do amazing things, I still want to go back to my teenage years and change little aspects of it. It's strange, but it does continue to bug me.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|Dedicating some time to meditation is a meaningful expression of caring for yourself that can help you move through the mire of feeling unworthy of recovery. As your mind grows quieter and more spacious, you can begin to see self-defeating thought patterns for what they are, and open up to other, more positive options.
Thomas Allan Smail, The Forgotten Father|Abba is not Hebrew, the language of liturgy, but Aramaic, the language of home and everyday life … We need to be wary of the suggestion … that the correct translation of Abba is ‘Daddy.’ Abba is the intimate word of a family circle where that obedient reverence was at the heart of the relationship, whereas Daddy is the familiar word of a family circle from which all thoughts of reverence and obedience have largely disappeared … The best English translation of Abba is simply ‘Dear Father.
Troy Duffy|'Home Alone' was a movie, not an alibi.
Anne Carson|That night we made love "the real way" which we had not yet attemptedalthough married six months.Big mystery. No one knew where to put their leg and to this day I'm not surewe got it right.He seemed happy. You're like Venice he said beautifully.Early next dayI wrote a short talk ("On Defloration") which he stole and had publishedin a small quarterly magazine.Overall this was a characteristic interaction between us.Or should I say ideal.Neither of us had ever seen Venice.
Vivek Wadhwa|I don't get jealous of people. Jealousy is such a waste of time because you're jealous of them, and they go about their lives and have a wonderful time, so what's the point?
Tom  Cox, The Good, the Bad and the Furry: Life with the World's Most Melancholy Cat and Other Whiskery Friends|A cat chooses its owner, not the other way around.
Jarett Sabirsh, Love All-Knowing: An Epic Spiritual Poem|the subject of free will another debated topicdo we or don't we have the ability to pick?greatly controlled by mind at lower levels of consciousnessalmost non-existent, one's free will is notably lessat this level one’s actions are purely reactionarylacking self-awareness, animal instincts are primarynot going along with the mind, free will increasesthen higher up, it's surrendered until it ceasesthus, there both is and is not the capacity to chooseeven when we do it's limited by one's viewschoosing alternatively, with a mind conditioned and boundfree will, then, is at best constrained and drowned
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Correctly identifying a negative emotion takes the brain out of fight-or-flight mode and into problem-solving mode, out of tension, anger and confusion and into ease, calm and clarity.
Kristina Canady|All these nice clothes, all these jokes and drinks and food, what good does it do? Tomorrow, folk will be poor and starving and dying with a solder's pike in them, and these people will have another celebration, more nice clothes, more jokes, more gems. The suffering is forgotten or ignored - why sorrow? The war victims aren't our people. And then the wheel turns and suddenly they are our people.
Lori Ziganto|The rest of us have never embraced your victim mentality; we are not victims. We are people, the same way that men are. We are equal, yet different. We, unlike you, realize that is not mutually exclusive.
Tombstone epitaph in Perth Scotland|People change spouses more often than they clean out closets. And every time they say, 'This is the one. This is the person I'm going to spend eternity with.' Then forty or fifty years go by and you're just sick of each other, utterly sick, and it's on to the next 'true love.' My question is what good is eternity if you are eternally falling in and out of love?
Monica Bellucci|My relationship with God has gotten so much stronger. He's always had his hand on me. He always guided me. I didn't always go where he wanted me to go. But He always had me. Now that I'm actually listening and being obedient, life is so much better.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Tree of Life|I see You, Every time I look into Buddha’s eyes. I give myself to You. Every time I alter one of Your 1,000s names. Honestly & fully I love You. Through Christ and Maria, Shiva and Shakti, Krishna and Radha, With every day that passes and every breath I take. I enter gratitude for receiving Your Love. Obeying Your Laws of Truthfulness and Ahimsa, Weaving Prana With hearts and souls of Gaia. Through mysticism, shamanism, sufism, and ecstatic meditations. I yearn to touch You, to feel You, to be You. Within this amazing Journey of Awareness of Your Consciousness.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Let your faith be in the Lord Jesus and not in your strength, to fight against ungodliness and injustice in the society.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Whilst people wholeheartedly talk wrongly about you openly, wholeheartedly talk rightly to God in silence and in faith! He knows everything! He sees everything! He hears everything! And He has the very right answer to everything!
John Greenleaf Whittier|People see God every day, they just don't recognize him.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The artistic methods of poetry, painting, photography, and writing share certain commonalities of deep composition: spirit, rhythm, thought, and scenery.
Connie Bailey, True Blue|I feel something hot and violent writhing in my stomach. I want to hurt them. I stare at my eyes in the mirror. I want so, so I will.
Lindsey Stirling|The symphonies are the things that, as a soloist, I've not gotten to play. I used to travel the world playing concertos, and then I would sit and listen to the symphony.
Ireno|They prised open the door in the morning. The beatific expression on hisface was exactly what one would find in a temple deity or the just dead - anunsmiling smile. The absurdity and humour was there if one could just seeit, the question and answer staring one in the face.
Nigella Lawson|You know, I'm just a very boring, not very funny person in person. I don't feel pressured to be otherwise.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|...both he and she were creek beds, quiet when they were full and quiet when they were dry. But when they were half-full, wearing a coat of shallow water, the current bumped over the rocks and valleys in the creek beds, wearing down the earth. Giving someone else a little of who they were hurt more than giving up none or all of it.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|A strong man does not succumb to pressures, he knows that without pressures he will not find pleasures and so he will not be made.
Leona Lewis|There's a fine line between stubbornness and the positive side of that, which is dogged determination.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|I'm a crumbled up piece of paper lying here, 'cause I remember it all too well
Stephanie Ye, Best New Singaporean Short Stories: Volume One|There are myriad kisses in a relationship: desperate ones as involuntary as breathing, stolen ones on crowded trains, ceremonial ones at the front door, routine ones as dispassionate as licking an envelope. It takes two to kiss, but does it take two to hold the memory?
Kristen Ashley, Breathe|Standing before the worn books and dusty shelves, she seemed like a ray of light in the windowless room.
Sojourner Truth|Is not the brand of 'double-dealer' stamped on the forehead of every democratic slaveholder? Are not fraud and hypocrisy the religion of the man who calls himself a democrat, and hold his fellow-man in bondage?
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|Her fingers flew, her fiddle was an entire orchestra, and every note beautifully brought into being struck a chord of satisfaction within her. She wondered at the unfamiliar lightness in her chest and realised she was laughing. So great was her focus, it took her a while to register the strange expression that crept to Brocker's face as he listened, finger tapping the armrest of his chair. His eyes were fixed behind Fire and to the right, in the direction of Archer's back doorway. Fire comprehended that someone must be standing in Archer's entrance, someone Brocker watched with startled eyes. And then everything happened at once. Fire recognised the mind in the doorway; she spun around, fiddle and bow screeching apart; she stared at Prince Brigan leaning against the door frame.
Janaki Sooriyarachchi, The Ugly Princess|To be human is to be 'a' human, a specific person with a life history and idiosyncrasy and point of view; artificial intelligence suggest that the line between intelligent machines and people blurs most when a puree is made of that identity.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Don’t pack out______________To some people, you make life brightWhen you decide to dim your lightTheir lives will be full of darknessDo shine your light in kindnessTo some people, you bring out a joyWith their emotions, never ever toyWith your smiles, grease them with oilAnd make them glad when their lives boilTo other people, you are the warmthThat kills coldness and brings strengthDon’t do it; don’t pack outElse, they will have blackoutYou’re on earth to do two things hereWake up and do them now; this yearFirst, dare to grow and become betterSecond, help others to also become greaterNever in any of the four seasonsShould you neglect your gifts for any reasonsThe world needs you to make it a better placeDon’t pack out; run your race
J.R. Richardson, Cursed be the Wicked|I smile, she blushes.I smirk, she slaps me on the arm, softly.I breathe, because it's easy around her.
Eudora Welty|Writing a story or a novel is one way of discovering sequence in experience, of stumbling upon cause and effect in the happenings of a writer's own life.
Noam Chomsky|The Civil Rights Act of 1964 laid the foundation for the Voting Rights Act of 1965, but it also addressed nearly every other aspect of daily life in a would-be free democratic society.
T Jay Taylor|Our customers are not our competitors. We compete for them, not with them.
Ryan Lilly|I’ve written for the waste basket so often that we’ve become friends. He writes too, but it’s mostly garbage.
Latika Teotia|Acceptance made her realize that she had it in her to boldly and gracefully handle her own life. She found that she could lead a much better life if she let go of her past and started living in the “Present” .For the first time, in a long time, she found everything was so inspiring.She fell in love with life by growing Wings !!!
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|The temple is a place of beauty, it is a place of revelation, it is a place of peace. It is the house of the Lord. It is holy unto the Lord. It should be holy unto us.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|You give the shirt off your back, no questions asked, and you stand alone at the cavernous mouth of your suburban closet—your entire life spent wonderingwhere your clothes went.
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|There are those laughing their way to hell; and those, crying themselves to heaven.
Clara Winter, Tintagel|Because the bag is full of colours - starbursts and wheels and whorls of dazzling brightness that are as fine and complex in their structures as the branch is, only much more symmetrical. Flowers.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|With too much pride a man cannot learn a thing. In and of itself, learning teaches you how foolish you are.
Kendrick Lamar|If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
Ethan Hawke|China will soon emit more greenhouse gases than America, but its regime knows if it caps aspirations there will be a revolution.
Warren Christopher|I don't underestimate audiences' intelligence. Audiences are much brighter than media gives them credit for. When people went to a movie once a week in the 1930s and that was their only exposure to media, you were required to do a different grammar.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|These are the intensities that one cannot live with, that he has to outgrow if he wants to survive. But who can help grieving for them? If the blood vessels could hold them, how much better to keep those early loves with us?
George Bernard Shaw, Heartbreak House|She built her character with the adversity she had faced, so she could live the best of her life for the rest of life.
Fiddles McMonkeypants, Hidden Chapter Winter 2012|In the first of our conversations, you explained how different time was for you—how it’s an abstraction. Some hours glide past like birds, others are slow, plodding behemoths, stubborn and unwilling to leave.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|Why could you not have left me as I was, in the sea of being?""Because the world has need of your humility, your piety, your great teaching and your Machiavellian scheming.
Mignon McLaughlin|It's one of my favorite seasons of the year: Back to School. As a kid, I loved fresh school supplies, new outfits, the change of seasons, and the chance to crack open a new textbook.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Reyna sent me to get Percy," Frank said. "Did Octavian accept you?""Yeah," Percy said. "He slaughtered my panda.
Gemini Rising Rockin' Machine, The, Book One: Who Am I?|Unhappiness where's when I was young, And we didn't give a damn, 'Cause we were raised, To see life as fun and take it if we can.
William Carlos Williams, The Collected Poems, Vol. 2: 1939-1962|I feared the defining point of this Hell was its unrelenting uniformity, its lack of variation from type. If there was a heaven at the end of this, it must be filled with great variety, perhaps a multiplicity of intelligent species spread across universes. Yes, heaven would be as full of difference as Hell was of sameness.
Larissa Ione, Immortal Rider|You," he purred, "are a HILF.""A what?""A Horseman I'd like to fuck.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Beware of your thoughts, for they are not YOU!
Cory Doctorow, Pirate Cinema|Everyone wants a definition of creativity that makes what they do into something special and what everyone else does into nothing special. But the fact is, we're all creative. We come up with weird and interesting ideas all the time. The biggest difference between 'creators' isn't their imagination - it's how hard they work. Ideas are easy. Doing stuff is hard.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|ART: None. The function of art is to hold the mirror up to nature, and there simply isn’t a mirror big enough—see point one.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 3rd Movement|I wonder how it takes you, that moment when everything turns to shadows.
Daniel H. Pink|I came "here" to get "there." Do I have any fucking clue what "there" is? Hell the fuck no. I'm just trying to live in a world of the dead.
Harry Whitewolf, Rhyme and Rebellion|Your politics are so far right,They're wrong.
Dean Koontz, Watchers|It's so damn hard to bloom... to change. Even when you want to change, want it more than anything in the world, it's hard. Desire to change isn't enough. Or desperation. Couldn't be done without...love,
Ali Liebegott|I'm a fan of the old 'Creature Features' like 'Critters,' and 'Gremlins' and 'Tremors.' 'Jaws' is classic. It's funny that I still like those films because I remember my mom would tease me about getting a pet Critter to keep under my bed.
Ray Anyasi, How to Terrorize Terrorism: a more effective answer to global terrorism|The burden of keeping the world, every corner of it, safe is one that has to be evenly shared...This is especially more so for the interconnectivity of the global system in our generation.
Lorrie Moore, Self-Help|Decide that you like college life. In your dorm you meet many nice people. Some are smarter than you. And some, you notice, are dumber than you. You will continue, unfortunately, to view the world in exactly these terms for the rest of your life.
Taraji P. Henson|The Obama administration has turned a blind eye to radical Islam since before they came to office. If you look at everything that's transpired since the famous Cairo speech in 2009, it's all been an embrace of those who are the most radical elements in that part of the world. That is not a good sign for America's foreign policy.
Leo Tolstoy|Before my diagnosis.I used to be a collection of other people.An Actress,Now I'm finding out who I actually am.It's been a journey, but I have made it.
Zax Vagen|Let's just start over", gurgled the hagget's voice. We cannot give up now.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You should always do more of what you believe is right, even if you are trembling inside.
Alin Sav|The source of motivation should be in the vision, not position.
Richard Mc Sweeney, A Green Desert Father|Wisdom's Way to Wonder?Yes, Your Majesty? Wiseoneder, What say you of days and nights?Days and nights, Your Majesty, appear to the bright to be filled with light; Light being dark way out of sight.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can make a difference, wherever you are. It begins with a decision and defined purpose.
Saaif Alam|When you work hard in a job that suits your living standards, never greed for fortune because you will distract yourself from fulfilling other important priorities and participating in leisure activities in your current life. You will eventually gain the fortune if you set up a wise investment goal by having pride and confidence on your savings.
François de La Rochefoucauld, Maxims|The purple, formalized, iridescent, gelatinous bladder of a Portuguese man-of-war was floating close beside the boat. It turned on its side and then righted itself. It floated cheerfully as a bubble with its long deadly purple filaments trailing a yard behind in the water.
Anjum Choudhary, Souled Out|I was lost for too longbut when i found you,i could feel it in my bones.You were my home.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|One night I summoned God, if He really existed, to show Himself to me. He didn't, and I never addressed another word to Him. In my heart of hearts I was very glad He didn't exist. I should have hated it if what was going on here below had had to end up in eternity.
Andrew Lo|Write your story as it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best you can. I'm not sure that there are any other rules. Not ones that matter.
Elliott Abrams|What does 'politicizing intelligence' mean? Using intel, or more often, partial intel, to produce an effect in line with White House policies rather than giving a full picture of a particular situation.
Saundra Mitchell, The Vespertine|You haunt me. You alone. You're my fire. I'm your air." Nathaniel to Amelia
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Ah, a romantic.” Danny leaned back, threading his fingers behind his head. “I used to be one, until my wife died. And then I was just pathetic.
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|The truth is that I feel totally helpless, or totally inconsolable, to be more honest. I’m not trying to hide it, but it’s something you’re not to worry about.
P.I. Alltraine, Heartbound|This thought, this truth, it highlighted the distance between us. We lived in different timeframes. A reminder that, even right now, we didn't share the same moments. We could never truly be together.
Kamand Kojouri|You just wait.Soon, lovers all over the worldwill be reciting poems dedicated to you.This is my promise.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|A true leader does not derive power from his position, but from his ethics, from people’s love for him, and from his knowledge, education and excellence in his field of work.
Franz Kafka|While understanding that we need this matrix to experience life on earth, we should also be able to enjoy a certain sense of detachment from it, and thus feel more empowered to make our own choices. We should thus come out feeling much more in control of our own personal journeys.
Taylor Longford, Valor|After Reason had left the dining room, Valor’s mouth softened into smile. “Let us know if you have any symptoms.”“Symptoms?” I asked, and jerked my gaze to his eyes. “What kind of symptoms?”“Tell us if your fingernails turn to stone,” Victor chuckled.
Reba Riley, Post-Traumatic Church Syndrome: A Memoir of Humor and Healing in 30 Religions|I’m pretty sure Number 1 wasn’t even aware that he was using a man’s deadliest weapon against women. He exposed his vulnerability. Over the years, I would repeat a pattern of chronically caving to that same behavior. It didn’t matter whether or not I liked or respected him. Every time he dared to let his guard down and unveil some of his ugliest, grittiest faces, I whole-heartedly believed I was the only person on earth being let in on a secret. It was a mirage of a connection. Despite his faults and my prior resistance, I felt an obligation to uphold that bond. No matter what kind of person he was or how toxic he could have been, I saw beauty in that fleeting defenselessness as if he were an infant, innocent and untainted by the evils of the world. I always fell in love with that face in every man. I clutched that memory tightly, despite the fact that its weight wore my arms and drug my pace. I was so focused on remembering their moment of weakness that I was blind to who they normally were.
Vijender Singh|I was a team sports guy, but I don't do that anymore. When I work out, it's alone.
Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows|The secrets of the universe aren't really secrets. It's just that humanity is too subjugated by their blissful ignorance to ask the right questions. When you have all of the answers, but are unable to ask any questions to them, then all you have are secrets.
J.R. Rim|Think not so much of what you lack as of what you have: but of the things that you have, select the best, and then reflect on how eagerly you would have sought them if you did not have them.
Margaret Atwood|For, verily, great love springs from great knowledge of the beloved object, and if you little know it, you will be able to love it only little or not at all.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|Surrealism also refuses the representation of reality: reality can only be; its existence proves its reality. Fiction thereby becomes impossible or is, by definition, false.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|Finally, she took him in, all wet and sexy beneath her.Every breath and groan echoed over the water. She alternated her gaze from the stars in heaven to the rock star that was currently her heaven.
Gary Thomas, Sacred Marriage: What If God Designed Marriage to Make Us Holy More Than to Make Us Happy?|Heloise learned to love Abelard solely for who he was. That forbidden love brought her nothing but pain, but she would rather have shame and pain with Abelard than peace and happiness without him.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Brand integrity is the ability to present one’s brand both in words and deeds to be true, respectable and acceptable without compromising on standards (brand’s promise).
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|People lack morals, good moral character is important in every aspect of your life. Honesty and Integrity opens the door. Your character allows others to see you for who you truly are. Make your first impression a lasting impression. Ironically it may be your last impression
Sarah Hyland|You can defeat fear through humor, through pain, through honesty, bravery, intuition, and through love in the truest sense.
Elizabeth Gilbert|One of the great things about being a writer/journalist is that my boss loves me to go out and do features on being someone else. I did a feature on Kate Middleton, where I went to an incredible fancy state home in the countryside, put on a wedding dress and posed for engagement pictures with a fake Prince William.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|Everything is boring, boredom is the other epidemic which is making Europe ripe for decline. Boredom is the end product of each and every civilization. It is the arteriosclerosis of the great thinking peoples. The moment always arrives where even God, whether he’s called Zeus, Zebaoth or Zoroaster, has finished creating the universe and asks: “What’s the point of it, actually?” He yawns and chucks it aside. Mankind does the same with civilization. Boredom is the condition of a people which no longer believes but all the same is doing just fine. Boredom is when every clock in the country is predestined to be correct. When the same naive flowers blossom again in the month of March. When every day the deaths of good family fathers are announced in the papers. When a war breaks out in the Balkans. When poems go on about the stars. Boredom is a symptom of aging. Boredom is the diagnosis that talent and virtue are slowly being spent. Boredom is the life-long determination to a form of being which has worn itself out.
Catherine the Great, The Memoirs of Catherine the Great|A great wind is blowing, and that gives you either imagination or a headache.
Elizabeth O'Roark, Waking Olivia|At that moment, there was nothing in the entire damn world I wanted more than her. And it felt like there was nothing else I would ever wanted. It was insane and I'm taking it for the warning it was.I need to stay away from her.
Napoleon Bonaparte|Fear, separation, hate and anger come from the wrong view that you and the Earth are two separate entities, the Earth is only the environment. You are in the centre and you want to do something for the Earth in order for you to survive. That is a dualistic way of seeing.
Sanjo Jendayi|ving self and others is an every second of every day of every week, of every month, of every year gift that should not be taken for granted or withdrawn for petty arguments and misunderstandings. No one knows the day nor the hour that we or a loved one will meet our expiration here on this earth. Time to make time to heal, amend and/or forgive broken relationships, to live your dreams without regret and love like there is no tomorrow for when tomorrow is no longer there...memories will be great and consciences will be clear.
Janice  Thompson, Picture Perfect|O chestnut-tree, great-rooted blossomer,Are you the leaf, the blossom or the bole?O body swayed to music, O brightening glance,How can we know the dancer from the dance?
Lara Biyuts|Literary style is like crystal-ware: the cleaner the wineglass, the brighter the brilliance. As a reader, I agree with those who believe that a colour of the dress, which a character has on, as well as any enumeration and description of dishes at dinner or in the kitchen should be mentioned only in case if all this has a strong consequent relation to the plot, but as an author, I can’t help mentioning all this, with no particular reason, just for love for my characters, desiring to give them something nice and pleasant. Melancholy grows a platinum rose. Affection grows a double rose.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|He held me tight against him until I quit struggling, and then he flicked the strap of my dress, causing it to hang off my shoulder.''Since the word virgin came out of those beautiful lips of yours... I have a sudden urge to help you out of that dress.
Claire Lunette|If you fall in darkness, there will be light. If your fall enter depression, there is some sort of happiness. Fall but get up. Weak but be strong. Life is just beginning
Roman Payne|Ô, Sunlight! The most precious gold to be found on Earth.
Brandon Scott Gorrell|When I got to college, the fake ID thing wasn't that important, since pretty much everyone could get away with drinking in New Orleans. But the drugs, well, that was a different story altogether, because drugs are every bit as illegal in New Orleans as anywhere else--at least, if you're black and poor, and have the misfortune of doing your drugs somewhere other than the dorms at Tulane University. But if you are lucky enough to be living at Tulane, which is a pretty white place, especially contrasted with the city where it's located, which is 65 percent black, then you are absolutely set.
Melina Marchetta, Looking for Alibrandi|Denis's love for Mattia had burned itself out, like a forgotten candle in an empty room, leaving behind a ravenous discontent.
Gillian Flynn|Life is great, and without it, you'd be dead.
Mary J. McCoy-Dressel, Howdy, Ma'am|Don’t look so worried Norah,” Clint was trying to reassure me, “you may have your naked painting and guns to help you escape… but me, when things get too much for me… I, drive.
P. L. Travers|Being nice to everybody, saying hello to everyone in the room, signing every autograph; it was instilled in me at a very young age that this was what I was suppose to do. But I don't think it helps at all. I see more people who are rude or arrogant being rewarded - but, this way, I can put my head on the pillow at night.
|It was an old hunter in camp and the hunter shared tobacco with him and told him of the buffalo and the stands he'd made against them, laid up in a sag on some rise with the dead animals scattered over the grounds and the herd beginning to mill and the riflebarrel so hot the wiping patches sizzled in the bore and the animals by the thousands and the tens of thousands and the hides pegged out over actual square miles of ground the teams of skinners spelling one another around the clock and the shooting and shooting weeks and months till the bore shot slick and the stock shot loose at the tang and their shoulders were yellow and blue to the elbow and the tandem wagons groaned away over the prairie twenty and twenty-two ox teams and the flint hides by the hundred ton and the meat rotting on the ground and the air whining with flies and the buzzards and ravens and the night a horror of snarling and feeding with the wolves half-crazed and wallowing in the carrion.I seen Studebaker wagons with six and eight ox teams headed out for the grounds not hauling a thing but lead. Just pure galena. Tons of it. On this ground alone between the Arkansas River and the Concho there were eight million carcasses for that's how many hides reached the railhead. Two years ago we pulled out from Griffin for a last hunt. We ransacked the country. Six weeks. Finally found a herd of eight animals and we killed them and come in. They're gone. Ever one of them that God ever made is gone as if they'd never been at all.The ragged sparks blew down the wind. The prairie about them lay silent. Beyond the fire it was cold and the night was clear and the stars were falling. The old hunter pulled his blanket about him. I wonder if there's other worlds like this, he said. Or if this is the only one.
Jodi Picoult|The truth was, history repeated itself on a daily basis; mistakes were made over and over. People were haunted by what they had done, and by what they hadn't had time to do.
Muriel Spark, The Ballad of Peckham Rye|I haven’t had any adventures. Things have happened to me, events, incidents, anything you like. But not adventures. It isn’t a matter of words; I am beginning to understand. There is something I longed for more than all the rest - without realizing it properly. It wasn’t love, heaven forbid, nor glory, nor wealth. It was…anyway, I had imagined that at certain moments my life could take on a rare and precious quality. There was no need for extraordinary circumstances: all I asked for was a little order. There is nothing very splendid about my life at present: but now and then, for example when they played music in the cafés, I would l look back and say to myself: in the old days, in London, Meknés, Tokyo, I have known wonderful moments, I have had adventures. It is that which has been taken away from me now. I have just learnt, all of a sudden, for no apparent reason, that I have been lying to myself for ten years. Adventures are in books. And naturally, everything they tell you about in books can happen in real life, but not in the same way. It was to this way of happening that I attached so much importance.
John C. Maxwell|Never believe that a few caring people can't change the world. For, indeed, that's all who ever have.
Liesbeth Heenk, The 1-Hour Van Gogh Book|Artists are never poor, they just don't get enough time to make money !
Barbara Kruger|When you stand up in the morning, you look in the mirror and say, 'I'm black.' No. You wake up and you see yourself as a human being in the world, but you raise discussion and raise aggression, the anger that you confront every day of your life, whether you want to or not.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|The wise man has struggled to find You in his wisdom, and he has failed. The just man has striven to grasp You in his own justice, and he has gone astray.But the sinner, suddenly struck by the lightning of mercy that ought to have been justice, falls down in adoration of Your holiness: for he had seen what kings desired to see and never saw, what prophets foretold and never gazed upon, what the men of ancient times grew weary of expecting when they died. He has seen that Your love is so infinitely good that it cannot be the object of a human bargain.
Saga Valsalan|Don't take crucial decisions when you are depressed or filled with anger, because then the decision is not made by you.
Kayla Krantz, Dead by Morning|Some slight awareness in the back of her mind, beneath the pain, told her she was free.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|My first strike was marrying a guy without a college degree. My second and third were getting pregnant. I suppose that when I didn't go on to become the next Gloria Allred, she was justified in counting me a failure. And I suppose that until now, I was justified in thinking that I wasn't one.
Auliq Ice|You can see the people who thought they could come to London, bend over and pick gold off the streets. They’re all lying on benches in Trafalgar Square with hernias and cans of Special Brew.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|In the pause that followed, Shane understood why people said their hearts broke. She always thought it was a weak metaphor of strong emotion. She could feel each bit of shrapnel from her heart stab at her stomach and lungs. Her knees gave out beneath her as she heard the voice tell her what she already knew in her fragments of cardiac tissue.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|It is impossible for us to think of any thing, which we have not antecedently felt, either by our external or internal senses.
S. Kelley Harrell|I don't argue things being spiritual vs scientific, because I've never met anyone who knows enough about either to be convincing--including myself.
Gavin Weightman, The Frozen Water Trade|He who gives back at first repulse and without striking the second blow, despairs success, has never been, is not, and never will be, a hero in love, war or business. - Frederick Tudor
Paul David Tripp|Why sacrifice some for the benefit of others? It’s generally the best and the bravest who choose to lay down their lives for the sake of those who hide in their holes. So why favor the sacrifice of the righteous in order to permit the less righteous to survive them? Don’t you think that’s a way of weakening the human species? What’s going to be left of it in a few generations if it’s always the best who are called upon to exit the scene so that the cowards, the counterfeits, the charlatans, and the pricks can continue to proliferate like rats?
Caitlyn Jenner|But sports carried me away from being in a gang, or being associated with drugs. Sports was my way out.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|Suddenly I realized that I wanted everything to be as it was when I was younger. When you're young enough, you don't know that you live in a cheap lousy apartment. A cracked chair is nothing other than a chair. A dandelion growing out of a crack in the side walk outside your front door is a garden. You could believe that a song your partner was singing in the evening was the most tragic opera in the world. It never occurs to you when you are very young to need something other than what your parents have to offer you
Malcolm X|If greatness of purpose, smallness of means, and astonishing results are the three criteria of a human genius, who could dare compare any great man in history with Muhammad?
Scott Stabilele|You choose who gets your attention, and you don’t have to give it to anyone who makes you feel like crap. Period.
Amy Neftzger, Conversations with the Moon|When I look over my past, I see that the stages in my life are like the phases of the moon. I've had periods where I was the waxing gibbous: fat with wealth and success. There have been other seasons when my happiness was like the waning crescent and I watched my joy fade away slowly, merging with the atmosphere around me as if it never existed. Then I felt as if I was left with nothing more than an illusion, but happiness returns in time and glows once more in corpulent fullness. It's time that makes the difference.
Curious George Brigade|Feeling that one has some leverage upon something, even by proxy or association, makes one a great deal more interested in it.
E.B. White, One Man's Meat|The United States, almost alone today, offers the liberties and the privileges and the tools of freedom. In this land the citizens are still invited to write their plays and books, to paint their pictures, to meet for discussion, to dissent as well as to agree, to mount soapboxes in the public square, to enjoy education in all subjects without censorship, to hold court and judge one another, to compose music, to talk politics with their neighbors without wondering whether the secret police are listening, to exchange ideas as well as goods, to kid the government when it needs kidding, and to read real news of real events instead of phony news manufactured by a paid agent of the state. This is a fact and should give every person pause.
Bill Skarsgard|I play with my grandchildren. I tend to my garden, which I love. Of course, I love to read, and family is really what it's all about.
Mary Daly, Beyond God the Father: Toward a Philosophy of Women's Liberation|The method that is required is not one of correlation but of liberation. Even the term “method” must be reinterpreted and in fact wrenched out of its usual semantic field, for the emerging creativity in women is by no means a merely cerebral process. In order to understand the implications of this process it is necessary to grasp the fundamental fact that women have had the power of naming stolen from us. We have not been free to use our power to name ourselves, the world or God. The old naming was not the product of dialogue- a fact inadvertently admitted in the genesis story of Adam’s naming the animals and the women. Women are now realizing that the universal imposing of names by men has been false because partial. That is, inadequate words have been taken as adequate.
Hilal Hamdaan|As soon as he closed the door of his room,The sadness came out of the walland asked"Where were you all the day
Debasish Mridha|For an optimist, life is full of opportunity. For a pessimist, life is full of adversity. Life is what you think of it.
Walker Percy, Lost in the Cosmos: The Last Self-Help Book|But why? Why do you care about our class’s history?"	"I just do. Besides, I need something to put on my art-school applications besides ’Locks self in room and draws all day.’ Even art schools won’t take a psychopath.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Dear Clutch, I hope I see you again. Here's my number if you want to call. Thanks for last night. Your human is nice. ~D
Grover Cleveland|The worst thing in this world, next to anarchy, is government.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|The message sent by this policy is that if women are to be accepted into the exclusive ranks of men, then they have to look like men: buttoned up, stuffy, and no-nonsense. As if to show a little cleavage, to highlight a curvaceous figure, or to in any way appear feminine would discount, discredit, and disqualify them.I strongly disagree with this idea. I feel that women should wear clothes that suit their bodies rather than forcing themselves into unflattering men's suits and that it is feminist to make a wide range of women's clothes acceptable business attire.
Anonymous|"The time has come " the Walrus said  "To talk of many things  Of shoes - and ships - and sealing-wax -  Of cabbages - and kings -  And why the sea is boiling hot -  And whether pigs have wings."
Mehmet Murat ildan|When modern values and modern people are under attack in a country, we can be sure of a dark future in that country!
Edward Farrell, Prayer Is a Hunger|Prayer is a jouney, a path that is created only by walking it. It creates and reveals oneself in the process.
Joe Baca|Germany, Japan and, to a lesser extent, Britain and Italy, were lifted out of the debris of war by the Americans who poured in billions of dollars and forgave other billions in debts.
Maggie Denhearn|Given the opportunity to help us with our dreams, the Universe does not disappoint.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|you must be careful never to allow doubt to paralyze you. always take the decisions you need to take, even if you're not sure you're doing the right thing. You'll never go wrong if, when you make a decision, you keep in mind an old German proverb: 'The devil is in the detail.' Remember that proverb and you'll always be able to turn a wrong decision into a right one.
Alex  Harris|Being faithful in the smallest things is the way to gain, maintain, and demonstrate the strength needed to accomplish something great.
Joel Robuchon|'Shkoff' is to eat. 'Shkiaff' is to slap. Like, 'Gettouttahere I'm gonna give you a couple of shkiaffs,' or, 'Forget presentation, just shkiaff the food onto the plate.'
Susan J. Tweit|There is no symbolism to these fish, as Hemingway wrote. A cabezon is just a cabezon; a garibaldi, a garibaldi. But what wonderful stories they tell us about life in the ocean!
Austin Fischer, Young, Restless, No Longer Reformed: Black Holes, Love, and a Journey in and Out of Calvinism|Far from being a treatise meant to justify God’s righteousness in unconditional election, Romans 9–11 is a treatise about the incomprehensible mercy and scandalous faithfulness of God towards his creatures, through the crucified and resurrected Jesus Christ.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Engineer's Thumb|Even without a kiss, this moment is perfect, and you wouldn't trade it for anything.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|I think: by the time I'm old, nobody will be able to die any more.
Robert Caro|When you're in a relationship with a very famous person, you have to make compromises.
Johnny Weir|Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
Larry McMurtry, Roads : Driving America's Great Highways|That is what War is, I thought: two ships pass each other, and nobody waves his hand.
Taylor Longford, Reason|MacKenzie started to look frightened and Valor looked like he was going to kill somebody if they didn't stop scaring his girlfriend. At the same time, Victor looked like he was ready to step in and take control of the situation. And if these suits decided to pull out some guns, I could see where they might end up as a set of life-sized garden gnomes.
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|Diversity, not uniformity, is what works.
Alan Furst, Dark Star|Will there ever come a day when you put yourself first?""No, that day will never come.""You're crazy, my old man.""It will never come because I've finally realized that I want you by my side, now and forever. That I can no longer be just myself, standing alone. I need more."Angelica's eyes filled with tears. She looked like she was fighting to hold them back."You really are crazy."-Conversation between Mathias Munster and Angelica Zanon
Terry Pratchett, Snuff|I went back to the clanging city, I went back where my old loves stayed, But my heart was full of my new love's glory, My eyes were laughing and unafraid.I met one who had loved me madly And told his love for all to hear -- But we talked of a thousand things together, The past was buried too deep to fear.I met the other, whose love was given With never a kiss and scarcely a word -Oh, it was then the terror took me Of words unuttered that breathed and stirred.Oh, love that lives its life with laughter Or love that lives its life with tears Can die - but love that is never spoken Goes like a ghost through the winding years…I went back to the clanging city, I went back where my old loves stayed, My heart was full of my new love's glory, - But my eyes were suddenly afraid.
Steve Zahn|A generation before, it had been sagebrush and coyotes; a generation later, it was a burgeoning movie town. But for that brief idyllic time in 1910, Hollywood looked like the perfect place for a successful writer to settle down, build his dream house, and maybe do some gardening.
Roger Moore|I have been married twice, and those were not the happiest times of my life. Part of the problem, quite frankly, is that when you get married, the romance disappears and the children arrive and the love is transferred. It shouldn't be that way, but too often it is transferred to the children.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|She talked about God giving man free will. Because of that, there is evil in the world. If God pulled everyone’s strings all the time, we’d be puppets.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|He’d had a few sordid gay experiences. He’d wrestled with an obese neighbour boy in Clermont-Ferrand when he was fourteen and last year had been approached in the Clermont-Ferrand train station loo by an obscene old man who’d removed his dentures, wagged his tongue, and pointed to his open, pulsing mouth.
Deborah Day, BE HAPPY NOW!|To get where you want to be, you must first know where you are.
James Michael Pratt, The Lighthouse Keeper|We have a light upon our house, and it gives hope to all who sail upon the stormy seas. Do ya know what it means to have a light burning atop your home? It is safety, a place of refuge, seen by all that as a signal that ye stand for something greater than this world, greater than us all.
Vironika Tugaleva|Worth is not something you can buy for $39.99, nor something you can lose with 10 extra pounds. Self-judging people make good consumers. Start a revolution. Love yourself.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|When knowledge is put into practice, then through your experience of it, it becomes your insight.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Getting an education might be difficult, but it makes life easy. Being uneducated might be easy, but it makes life difficult.
Ellen G. White|Anyone can find the dirt on someone, but very few can wipe it from their own shoes.
Poppet, Ryan|The activity has pumped out his chest and hardened his abs, and I can't believe I'm even noticing or appreciating it. His smile is naughty, the muscles in his shoulders thick and ripped, undulating with his movement when he adjusts his position for me to get an eyeful.
Fred Hampton|A desire arises in the mind. It is satisfied immediately another comes. In the interval which separates two desires a perfect calm reigns in the mind. It is at this moment freed from all thought, love or hate. Complete peace equally reigns between two mental waves.
John Holt|It is hard not to feel that there must be something very wrong with much of what we do in school, if we feel the need to worry so much about what many people call 'motivation'. A child has no stronger desire than to make sense of the world, to move freely in it, to do the things that he sees bigger people doing.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Despite my mum being from a small village in the middle of a forest, I'm not a country person. I don't like my bacon sandwich to be curiously snuffling at my fingers. But sometimes being police means holding your breath and fondling a pig.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|If it took eons to get to the edge of one's galactic yard, she could not imagine the neighbors dropping by for a casual visit, especially since the heavenly houses were uninhabitable well into the next state.
Michael Gurian|When it comes to Father's Day, I will remember my dad for both being there to nurture me and also for the times he gave me on my own to cultivate my own interests and to nurture my own spirit.
Luggs|I don’t know what came over me.”Charlie smiled. He drew her to him and kissed her. “Me,” he said.
Peggy Kopman-Owens, Never Change|How could I ever forget my best friend, the man, who had changed my destiny simply by allowing me to write about him?
N. E. Conneely, Witch for Hire|I wonder if every girl yearns for her father’s love,almost like waiting to catch the moon hiding in the trees—beautiful, yet so eternally elusive.-MUKTA
Sabrina Jeffries, Married to the Viscount|Until we’re pushing up daisies, it might be good to remind ourselves daily that everything’s coming up roses — for me and for you.
Amy Tan, The Hundred Secret Senses|If you want to take pictures of Chinese food, you have to taste real Chinese food. The flavors soak into your tongue, go into your stomach. The stomach is where your true feelings are. And if you take photos, these true feelings from your stomach can come out, so that everyone can taste the food just by looking at your pictures.
James Caskey, St. Augustine Ghosts: Hauntings in the Ancient City|The ghost stories were fascinating, made even more so by the personal connection between the living and the long-departed. The ghosts seemed content to be there. The truly amazing part of the story, however, was how happy the owner and staff of the inn were with their spirits. It made me want to stay there… and perhaps never leave.
Nema Al-Araby, Remnants and Ashes|Insanity is the greatest gift of humanity, for insanity talks to the mind of the delusion.
Hill Harper|And, you know, I liked writing humor. Well, I should say, I wanted to write seriously, but it kept turning funny.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Curse|I wrapped the unyielding woman I loved in my arms & kissed her slowly, hoping that some part of her would sense my absolute devotion." #Ren
J.L.Clayton|Stalked He stalks her waiting for the right time, a single purpose stirring within his mind. His soul longs for that one deep connation, as his body seeks its final redemption. For he is the hunter and she his prey, her power untouched waiting for the moment to be set free on that final day. One sweet tasted form his lips as death he willed her way.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Your money myth affects your gain and luck.In economics, illusion of money affects wealth.
Debasish Mridha|To be a leader, you have to lead yourself first.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|It's always better if they see. Then they don't imagine things. So I didn't imagine, I remembered.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|The sun was late, stuck in heavy mist. When it finally broke free there was no one to see, no one to applaud its sterling effort, because everyone in Freemantle was heading west. The burnt orange blaze of dawn made it look like they were fleeing a fire, but all knew that the real conflagration lay ahead.
Nicholas Carr, The Glass Cage: How Our Computers Are Changing Us|The reality however is that in order to make progress in life, we have to embrace discomfort.
Garth Nix, Sabriel|The Clayr saw me, the Wallmaker made me, the King quenched me, the Abhorsen wields me so that no Dead shall walk in Life. For this is not their path.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|Insofar as the theorist wins, therefore, by constructing an increasingly closed and terrifying machine, to that very degree he loses, since the critical capacity of his work is thereby paralysed, and the impulses of negation and revolt, not to speak of those of social transformation, are increasingly perceived as vain and trivial in the face of the model itself.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|You should’ve told me,” she repeats. “Because here’s a news flash: You might’ve wanted to shelter me, but there’s nowhere you can hide me that’ll keep me safe from what’s inside my head.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Sara, we have to go," she whispers, even though my dad isn't there to hear her. She's not crying. She's calm. Matter-of-fact. As if she's asking me whether I want mayo or mustard on my sandwich. Except in secret.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|I sometimes try to imagine what would have happened if we’d known the bonobo first and the chimpanzee only later—or not at all. The discussion about human evolution might not revolve as much around violence, warfare and male dominance, but rather around sexuality, empathy, caring and cooperation. What a different intellectual landscape we would occupy!
Massad Ayoob, In the Gravest Extreme: The Role of the Firearm in Personal Protection|Love is active, not passive. It is our love for one another, for Mother Earth, for our fellow creatures that compels us to act on their behalf.
Evan Rachel Wood|The turning point was when I hit my 30th birthday. I thought, if really want to write, it's time to start. I picked up the book How to Write a Novel in 90 Days. The author said to just write three pages a day, and I figured, I can do this. I never got past Page 3 of that book.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw|What happened in 2008 stopped people in their tracks. People stopped looking at their homes simply as commodities to exploit and starting thinking about how they might personalise that space and make them less bland and more autobiographical, and that's healthy, I think.
Andi Cumbo-Floyd, Writing Day In and Day Out: Living a Practice of Words|Only the guilty and the lovers really fear. The first because of what they are, the second for what they might lose.
Pico Iyer|Some people are naturally thin, and some are heavier. There is a lot of focus on it, and it can be a lot of pressure for people. But honestly, I think as long as someone is healthy, that is most important.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Crazy people don't know they're crazy. I know I'm crazy, therefore I'm not crazy, isn't that crazy?
Henry Johnson Jr|When the media is controlled by people who runs the world, you are only going to get news that they want you to know. They will paint anther's man country's hero a tyrant, a dictator or a murderer and favor the next just to divide and conquer the people.
Sarah Dalton, White Hart|I am Mae Waylander from Halts-Walden, daughter of Robert Wallander, a good man who lost his life saving hers.' I point to Ellen. 'And I am the girl who has saved your brother's life on numerous occasions in the Waerg Woods - who fought off a wood nymph, a psychotic pre-adolescent prophet, and a determined flock of killer birds - only to have your father shoot an arrow in my side because I wouldn't let him kill my stag.
James Hauenstein|He could add something to the list of things you weren't supposed to do. Don't get hurt, don't get dirty, don't get drunk, don't get scared, don't count on it. You ended up doing all of them.
Kate DiCamillo, The Tale of Despereaux|The world is dark, and light is precious.Come closer, dear reader.You must trust me.I am telling you a story.
Nike Thaddeus|24 hours a day, ain't enough anymore! But give some a Century a day and procrastination would still be their undoing.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|Jesus-shaped spirituality hears Jesus say "believe and repent," but the call that resonates most closely in the heart of a disciple is "follow me." The command to follow requires that we take a daily journey in the company of other students. It demands that we be lifelong learners and that we commit to constant growth in spiritual maturity. Discipleship is a call to me, but it is a journey of "we.
Plato|...the Moon, the enemy of poets...("Merchant's Two Sons")
C.S. Lewis, Reflections on the Psalms|All living things believe in someone superior to them, and cannot live unless they blindly follow them. Then, the objects of their faith try to escape this crushing pressure by seeking another being that is more superior to them to believe in. And they, in turn, seek a stronger being still. That is how all kings are born. That is how... all gods are born. –Aizen
Jennifer Ashley, The Many Sins of Lord Cameron|El, you are telling me to run away with a man to become his mistress.""I am telling you to be happy. Even if it lasts only a little while. We must snatch what we can when we have the chance. Life is so very lonely when we don't.
Tamora Pierce|My work is to reach people with ideas, hopes, dreams, encouragement, insight, and revelation. That's what an actor wants to do.
Katie Kiesler, 22 and Single: A Coming of Age Story...in Progress|I want to be known as the 23 year-old who is foolishly in love with a Prince she can't see. I want to rejoice while holding the rose of singleness, even when my hands bleed from its thorns. I want to resist the urge to envy the pairs growing in the middle of my neighbors' gardens. I want to be rooted in the simple truth that unripen pairs taste like lies and lingering loneliness.  I want to put Jesus on my bullet wound and cling to His heart wrenching hope because He was kind enough to be a Band-Aid when He should have stayed a King.
Ernest Hemingway, Men Without Women|The most painful thing is losing yourself in the process of loving someone too much, and forgetting that you are special too.
Thomas R. Flynn, Existentialism: A Very Short Introduction|You are only excused for happiness and success if you generously agree to share them. But if one is to be happy, one should not worry too much about other people - which means there is no way out. Happy and judged or absolved and miserable.
Kahlil Gibran, The Treasured Writings of Kahlil Gibran|Speak not of peoples and laws andKingdoms, for the whole earth isMy birthplace and all humans areMy brothers.
Karen Hesse, Out of the Dust|The way I see it, hard times aren't only about money,or drought,or dust.Hard times are about losing spirit,and hope,and what happens when dreams dry up.
Javed Jamil|The day I met Islam, I found a power within myself that no man could destroy or take away from me.
Sarah Darlington, He Belongs with Me|If he would see me again, I would die happy. In the meantime, I was merely dying.
A.D. Posey|As long as you’re with you, that’s all that matters.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|She could not bring herself to turn away from the night sky, for the stars and the blackness were the only escape she had when old faded memories returned to haunt her.
Hubert Martin|Though I exist in the realms of day and night, I'm only truly alive in the moments between.
Ken Liu, The Grace of Kings|He intrigued her. Powerful men, in her experience, were usually not so full of doubt. Kuni was consumed by the desire to do good for others, but uncertain what "good" might be and whether he was the right man for the job.Kuni was the sort of man, Risana realized, who, rather than deceive himself, was so full of self-doubt that he could not longer see himself
Hugh Howey, Dust|Having appeared at the end of the first creation, man [and women] stand at the beginning of the second, since the world is transfigured through [them].
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|All of us,' he said, 'have hopes of being poet, artist, discoverer, philospoher, scientist; of possessing the attributes of all these simultaneously. Few are permitted to achieve any of them in daily life. But in travel we attain them all. Then we have our day of glory, when all our dreams come true, when we can be anything we like, as long as we like, and, when we are tired of it, pull up stakes and move on. Travel -- the solitude of the mountains, the emptiness of the desert, the delicacy of the minaret; eternal change, limitless contrast, unending variety.' (Eric Lang)
Congressman X, The Confessions of Congressman X|Sometimes I hate it so much,” she said. “Always having to pretend.” Paul gripped her fingers tighter. “This is America,” he said. “We’re all pretending.
Christine Heppermann, Poisoned Apples: Poems for You, My Pretty|And those women were sneaky. They understood that including fantastical elements in their tales- golden eggs, signing harps, talking frogs- worked to mask a deeper purpose....it made the stories look on the surface like 'a mere bubble of nonsense' within which it was possible to 'utter harsh truths, to say what you dare' about the state of women's lives. Because they were just stories, right? Harmless little fantasies?
Junot Díaz, Drown|[Rayleen talking to Billy.] "Grace is thriving here, and I dare anybody to challenge that. Anybody who has a problem with that can come take it up with me.""Thank God," Billy said, "because I really hate it when people come take things up with ME.
Wilfred Owen|Oh, Death was never enemy of ours!We laughed at him, we leagued with him, old chum.No soldier's paid to kick against His powers.We laughed, — knowing that better men would come,And greater wars: when each proud fighter bragsHe wars on Death, for lives; not men, for flags.
Henrik Ibsen, A Doll's House|NORA: No; only merry. And you were always so friendly and kind to me. But our house has been nothing but a nursery. Here I have been your doll-wife, just as at home I used to be papa's doll-child. And my children were, in their turn, my dolls. I was exceedingly delighted when you played with me, just as children were whenever I played with them. That has been our marriage, Torvald.
Mabel Casey Rex Miller, Change Your Space, Change Your Culture: How Engaging Workspaces Lead to Transformation and Growth|Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot System is for associations that are courageous and want to emerge from unconscious thoughts and become conscious about choice—associations that have a deep conviction to meet the visions and mission of their members in spite of changes in the business climate, globalism, technology, generational changes, and all that is yet to come.
Nilesh Rathod, Destiny of Shattered Dreams|Sorrow (A Song)To me this world's a dreary blank,All hopes in life are gone and fled,My high strung energies are sank,And all my blissful hopes lie dead.--The world once smiling to my view, Showed scenes of endless bliss and joy;The world I then but little knew,Ah! little knew how pleasures cloy;All then was jocund, all was gay,No thought beyond the present hour,I danced in pleasure’s fading ray,Fading alas! as drooping flower.Nor do the heedless in the throng,One thought beyond the morrow give,They court the feast, the dance, the song, Nor think how short their time to live.The heart that bears deep sorrow’s trace,What earthly comfort can console,It drags a dull and lengthened pace,'Till friendly death its woes enroll.--The sunken cheek, the humid eyes,E’en better than the tongue can tell;In whose sad breast deep sorrow lies,Where memory's rankling traces dwell.--The rising tear, the stifled sigh, A mind but ill at ease display,Like blackening clouds in stormy sky,Where fiercely vivid lightnings play.Thus when souls' energy is dead,When sorrow dims each earthly view, When every fairy hope is fled,We bid ungrateful world adieu.
Katherine McIntyre, Captured Memories|Her lips against his, the sun soaking into their skin, and the sweet, fragrant breezes that wafted through this isolated picnic area was nothing short of perfection.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|Thoughts repeated over time, no matter how incorrect, become consolidated in our minds as beliefs because we’ve repeatedly affirmed them over and over again.
Hannah Blatchford, Friend or Fae|His hair was shorter than I remembered, tawny in this half-light, the tousled edges casually framing the clean, commanding lines of his face. His mouth, normally so stern was relaxed now and as I stared a slight sweet smile touched his lips, its curve softening the straight strong lines of his nose and brow. Finally, inevitably, I met his eyes and felt a connection that seared straight through me, down through my soles and away. Those eyes, darker than mine, the darkest blue, dark and as impenetrable as glaciers. Tonight he was real, so very real that my heart thumped, my blood sang, my legs shook.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|There is only one means of salvation, then take yourself and make yourself responsible for all men's sins, that is the truth, you know, friends, for as soon as you sincerely make yourself responsible for everything and for all men, you will see at once that it is really so, and that you are to blame for every one and for all things.
Hailey Abbott, Getting Lost with Boys|If you love someone, why would you want that person to change?
Robert G. Ingersoll, Superstition and Other Essays|Belief is not subject to the will. Men think as they must. Children do not, and cannot, believe exactly as they were taught. They are not exactly like their parents. They differ in temperament, in experience, in capacity, in surroundings. And so there is a continual, though almost imperceptible change. There is development, conscious and unconscious growth, and by comparing long periods of time we find that the old has been almost abandoned, almost lost in the new.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte|Why do you never find anything written about that idiosyncratic thought you advert to, about your fascination with something no one else understands? Because it is up to you. There is something you find interesting, for a reason hard to explain because you have never read it on any page; there you begin. You were made and set here to give voice to this, your own astonishment.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Arthur and Fred—” “I’m George,” said the twin at whom Moody was pointing. “Can’t you even tell us apart when we’re Harry?” “Sorry, George—” “I’m only yanking your wand, I’m Fred really—
Mya Robarts, The V Girl|The human touch is that little snippet of physical affection that brings a bit of comfort, support, and kindness. It doesn’t take much from the one who gives it, but can make a huge difference in the one who receives it.
Eoin Colfer, Airman|London is satisfied, Paris is resigned, but New York is always hopeful. Always it believes that something good is about to come off, and it must hurry to meet it.
Craig Lancaster, 600 Hours of Edward|... rarely missed her family - her family had created their own realm of problems - but at times like this, having someone to turn to would have made life easier.
Anthony Lo|You can't turn back the clock, but you can wind it up again.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|Deep in the sea are riches beyond compare. But if you seek safety, it is on the shore.
Adolfo Bioy Casares, The Invention of Morel|The influence of the future on the past," said Morel enthusiastically, almost inaudibly.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|What are humans? They are unserious creatures in this serious universe! And because they are unserious, they appear and disappear quickly!
John Greenleaf Whittier|Our armed forces will fight for peace in Iraq, a peace built on more secure foundations than are found today in the Middle East. Even more important, they will fight for two human conditions of even greater value than peace: liberty and justice.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|Haven’t you got any romance in your soul?’ said Magrat plaintively. ‘No,’ said Granny. 'I ain’t. And stars don’t care what you wish, and magic don’t make things better, and no one doesn’t get burned who sticks their hand in a fire. If you want to amount to anything as a witch, Magrat Garlick, you got to learn three things. What’s real, what’s not real, and what’s the difference.
Michelle Hodkin|So, what should I do right now?Stop crying, open your heart, and pray.
Ashley Montagu|In my second year, after moving to the Medical School, I began the courses of Anatomy and Physiology. I had begun to see that I was interested in cells and their functions.
Johan Huizinga, Homo Ludens: A Study of the Play-Element in Culture|In life, we are all playing the game of thrones one way or the other
Kahlil Gibran|Children have never been very good at listening to their elders, but they have never failed to imitate them.
Natasha Friend|It’s a funny thing, friendship. One minute a person is driving you crazy, making you want to shake them, and the next minute you realize what a crappy place the world would be without them in it.
Tamara Hoffa, Roping Love|The phrase she was so mad she could chew nails and spit screws ran though his mind at her look. Damn. He had really fucked things up between them. Why hadn’t he taken her calls again? Oh, yeah, to give her a chance at a good life.
Payal Kadakia|Because it started as an offshoot of al Qaeda in Iraq, ISIL has long been subject to U.N. sanctions, and all countries have a legal obligation to freeze its assets and prohibit its business dealings. But countries around the world need to do more to make these sanctions work.
John Ortberg Jr., The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You|Never worry alone. When anxiety grabs my mind, it is self-perpetuating. Worrisome thoughts reproduce faster than rabbits, so one of the most powerful ways to stop the spiral of worry is simply to disclose my worry to a friend... The simple act of reassurance from another human being [becomes] a tool of the Spirit to cast out fear -- because peace and fear are both contagious.
Francis Weller, The Wild Edge of Sorrow: Rituals of Renewal and the Sacred Work of Grief|Grief and love are sisters, woven together from the beginning. Their kinship reminds us that there is no love that does not contain loss and no loss that is not a reminder of the love we carry for what we once held close.
Robin M. King, Memory of Monet|We had been two sides of the same coin, attached by a force stronger than family or friends. We had been one.
Gerard Way|If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, you can find out first hand what it's like to be me.
Thom Yorke|The imagination is a muscle. If it is not exercised, it atrophies.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Sympathizer.It’s only slightly better than the other word that followed me for years after my mom’s death, a snakelike hiss, undulating, leaving its trail of poison: Suicide.A sideways word, a word that people whisper and mutter and cough: a word that must be squeezed out behind cupped palms or murmured behind closed doors. It was only in my dreams that I heard the word shouted, screamed.
Beatrice Sparks, Go Ask Alice|Say "Thank You" because your faith is so strong that you don't doubt that what ever the problem, you'll get through it. You're saying thank-you because you know that even in the eye of the storm, God has put a rainbow in the clouds.
Jodie Foster|'The Narrow Road to the Deep North' is one of the most famous books of all Japanese literature, written by the great poet Basho in 1689.
David Rakoff, Don't Get Too Comfortable: The Indignities of Coach Class, The Torments of Low Thread Count, The Never-Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil, and Other First World Problems|It is we who move through time, not the reverse. When we walk beyond any one of life’s instants, it becomes nothing more than a receding milestone. We can look back, but we cannot retrace our steps. The past remains stationary, while we are doomed to move ever onwards. To do otherwise is against nature.
Stephen D. Livesday|Considering our backgrounds, I found it a strange irony that Ian and I should meet in central Borneo. Both of us were set in motion by the war in Southeast Asia. Ian enlisted. I left the country several weeks before an FBI agent arrived at my parents' front door.
Michael J. Massimino|The more space and emptiness you can create in yourself, then you can let the rest of the world come in and fill you up.
Kentetsu Takamori, Unlocking Tannisho: Shinran's Words on the Pure Land Path|What each of us believes in is up to us, but life is impossible without believing in something.
Charles Bukowski, Women|being alone never felt right. sometimes it felt good, but it never felt right.
Chris Evans|We come into this world alone. You’re going to die alone. That’s the way it is.I think a really great interpretation of love is: feeling alone with someone else. The times in my life, if you want to qualify as “being in love”, when you feel almost like being alone with company.
Armin Hofmann|There should be no separation between spontaneous work with an emotional tone and work directed by the intellect. Both are supplementary to each other and must be regarded as intimately connected. Discipline and freedom are thus to be seen as elements of equal weight, each partaking of the other.
Willowy Whisper|Why do I keep losing, Harvey? Don't tell me God's trying to make me a better person. Don't tell me all of this is so I can be stronger. Because I'm not stronger, Harv. I'm weak. I keep getting weaker and weaker, and I keep praying and praying...' He paused and swallowed, Adam's apple bobbing in his throat. 'Why won't God answer me?'	Harvey's eyes were careful, empathetic, as if he were choosing his words thoughtfully. Finally, he said quietly, 'God has answered you, Brock. Every time. It's not always how we want, but He always hears us and He always cares.
Ken MacLeod, Descent|Though I loved the wired world, the new-wave librarians, the avatars and activists, I turned into a dinosaur in that library. I couldn’t help it; I was an old-fashioned writer who loved the ancient books summoned via pneumatic tubes, the archives, the quiet. I had found something rare there: an inexhaustible wonder.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|If the church is the body of Christ [who was disguised in servant form], why would we think the world would be able to pick us out of a crowd of other well-meaning organizations?
Edward Vilga, Downward Dog|everything comes in time to him who knows how to wait . . . there is nothing stronger than these two: patience and time, they will do it all.
Criss Jami, Healology|The noble buoyancy of her attitude, its suggestion of soaring grace, revealed the touch of poetry in her beauty that Selden always felt in her presence, yet lost the sense of when he was not with her. Its expression was now so vivid that for the first time he seemed to see before him the real Lily Bart, divested of all the trivialities of her little world, and catching for a moment a note of that eternal harmony of whichher beauty was a part.
Larry Moniz|The economy blows, or don't you read the papers?""Who reads the fucking papers? News is free on the internet.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Empowered Women 101: If he’s with you, it’s a given that he finds you attractive. Don’t talk him out of his attraction by highlighting all your flaws and spending your time cutting down other women's qualities that you are jealous of. A real women focuses on what she has and fixes what she doesn't like. She doesn't blame people for not seeing what she doesn't always see in herself.
Scottish Proverb|Drinking Shirley Temple with my Mary Janes on, let's say that every possibility waits
Maxwell Maltz|Self-improvement is the name of the game, and your primary objective is to strengthen yourself, not to destroy an opponent.
Woodrow Wilson|Be wary of those propagating too much about liberty, ideology, and civility; they just might be oppressors in the making.
Gever Tulley|It's so important for people to pay attention to history and learn from it, because it's the only thing we've got that's going to help us figure out where we are going. Especially the way things are manipulated in the press today. You have to sort through so much stuff to figure out what is real and what is not. It gets harder every day.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|There are three deaths. The first is when the body ceases to function. The second is when the body is consigned to the grave. The third is that moment, sometime in the future, when your name is spoken for the last time.
Ravi Ravindra, The Wisdom of Patanjali's Yoga Sutras: A New Translation and Guide by Ravi Ravindra|Different states of consciousness project different images of God–loving or vengeful or jealous, energetic or terrifying, and different images of God affect the nature and quality of our response to God. . . . The image or idea of God as wrathful and jealous will have a different effect than the image or the idea of God as loving. Similarly, whether God is regarded as male or female will have a significant impact on the culture. (29)
Ana M Frith|Your mind is a Microcosm of strength and power. There’s all the magic you need in it. When all else fails, search within!
M.K. Schiller, The Do-Over|The Janus Guard will also be out that night,” he said, one hand reaching out to squeeze her shoulder. “Just as we have been and will be for every night of the Nine.”“Good.”“Speaking of which—Kelley…” Sonny seemed suddenly exhausted. He turned his face to the west, and she could see the fatigue etched into the lines and planes of his face. “It’s getting late. You need to leave the park. Please. Don’t argue with me this time. Just go. The sun will set soon, and I have to go to work.”He squared his shoulders as though he expected her to put up a fight. She did—a little—but only out of actual concern for him. “Shouldn’t you be taking it easy? I mean, you try to hide it with the whole tough-guy-swagger thing and all, but I saw the bandages. You’re really hurt. Aren’t you?”“It’s not so bad.”“Wow. You are a terrible liar.”He frowned fiercely at her.“You also look like you haven’t slept in a week.” She took a tentative step toward him and put a hand on his chest, looking up into his silver-gray eyes. He put his hand over the top of hers, and she could feel the rhythm of his heart beating under her palm, through his shirt and the bandages.“I’m fine.”“Are you sure?”With his other hand, Sonny reached up and brushed a stray auburn curl out of her eyes.“I’m sure.”He smiled down at her, and she felt her insides melt a little. His whole face changed when he smiled. It was like the sun coming out.“But,” he continued, “I’ll be even better if you are safe at home and I don’t have to worry about you for tonight.”“I can take care of myself, Sonny Flannery,” she bristled, halfheartedly.“Please?” He turned up the wattage on his smile.“I…okay.” She felt her own lips turn up in a shy, answering smile. “I’ll be good. This once.”“That’s my girl.”Kelley was silent. Those three words of Sonny’s had managed to render her utterly speechless.
Maggy Mae, Dream Write Live Kel|I had a beautiful dream the other day. I was coming home from work and you were standing behind white picket fence trimming roses. You were dressed up all in white. We saw each other from afar and smiled. We kissed, got inside our home where our two beautiful children were playing and waiting for us. We all hugged and I kissed your belly because that’s where our third child was. You were pregnant. Than all got blurry and white... I was awake. I was sad because my dream has ended but I was happy at the same time because that was the most beautiful and purest dream I have ever had.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|To crave and to have are as like as a thing and its shadow. For when does a berry break upon the tongue as sweetly as when one longs to taste it, and when is the taste refracted into so many hues and savors of ripeness and earth, and when do our senses know any thing so utterly as when we lack it? And here again is a foreshadowing -- the world will be made whole. For to wish for a hand on one's hair is all but to feel it. So whatever we may lose, very craving gives it back to us again.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|For youth, sexual love is whim; for the aged, luxury. 
Stacia Kane|My prototype of a woman was the type who would appear in hallucinations at the last moments of your freezing to death at the top of an icy mountain, a mythical beauty who blurred the line between dreams and reality. For four years, that’s what I believed. And I wasted all of my university days–during which I had the most courage and honesty I would ever have towards life–because of it.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Those eyes. I felt like they pierced right through me; that if I didn't break away now, they would peel me open to see what lay beneath. Deep within, the dragon stirred, growling. She didn't like this human, I realized. Maybe he scared her, or the intensity of his gaze reminded her of a predator. Or maybe she felt that, if I stared at him much longer, I would lose myself in those stormy eyes and forget all about a certain golden-eyed rogue, waiting for me in the darkness.
Julia Cameron, The Right to Write: An Invitation and Initiation into the Writing Life|Owning something also means owning up to something. It means accepting responsibility, which means, literally, responsibility. When we write about our lives we respond to them. As we respond to them, we are rendered more fluid, more centered, more agile on our own behalf. We are rendered conscious. Each day, each life, is a series of choices, and as we use the lens of writing to view our lives, we see our choices.
Marty Rubin|When you know how, it's a pleasure to burn
Mike Pence|I think hip-hop could help rebuild America, once hip-hoppers own hip-hop... We are our own politicians, our own government, we have something to say. We're warriors. Soldiers.
Jonathon Miller Weisberger, Rainforest Medicine: Preserving Indigenous Science and Biodiversity in the Upper Amazon|Before my first visit to Waorani territory, I was introduced to don Casimiro Mamallacta, a traditional Kichwa healer and family man living in the outskirts of the jungle town of Archidona, by his daughter Mercedes, whom I met at the Jatun Sacha biological station. During the years that I was collaborating on the demarcation effort and in between the work sessions, I lived with don Casimiro's family.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Narrow the focus, take the ascent one step at a time, and it's amazing what odds a man can beat.
Cilla Black|I've seen a couple white girls coming to my concerts wearing head wraps, and I think they look so cute. It's kind of sad to see that people are really into separation, trying to separate everybody and making a clear division of 'us against you,' even with fashion. That sucks. It's not the way the world is supposed to be.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Isn't atheism just another religion?' No, it isn't. Atheism has no creeds, rituals, holy book, absolute moral code, origin myth, sacred spaces or shrines. It has no sin, divine judgment, forbidden words, prayer, worship, prophecy, group privileges, or anointed 'holy' leaders. Atheists don't believe in a transcendent world or supernatural afterlife. Most important, there is no orthodoxy in atheism.
Uday Kiran|With fitness, I decided that I wanted to get into shape, and my passion for fitness and a desire to help other people do the same made me decide to do a fitness video. People always tell me they want to work out to my songs, so why not make a fitness DVD.
Douglas R. Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid|From now on whenever I read a math book, I'm going to try to figure out by myself how everything was done, before looking at the solution. Even if I don't figure it out, I think I'll be able to see the beauty of a proof then.
Debasish Mridha|To create a peaceful world, inhale the love of life and exhale the beauty of life.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus|We're leading a fundamental shift from centralized energy to distributed energy. Energy will go in that direction, just like mainframe computers went to client servers, then to the Internet. I believe in solar, and the macro trends are just too undeniable.
Omega Maverick, Gothic Inferno|Honesty is always good, except when it's better to lie. 
|When Grant Blue reaches me, he bends his head down close enough that I can smell the soap and promise on his skin. Clean living and popularity—It’s quite the aftershave, let me tell you. If I’m being honest, the fact that he even has to bend to talk to me is making me want to swoon a little. ...But just a little.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|For what felt like hours, we sucked on each other’s tongues while his hands seemed determined to search out and skillfully caress every spot on my body within reach that made me shudder and moan, his rock-hard erection equally determined to stimulate me into a frenzy as he sensually rubbed himself almost teasingly against my pelvis. Then before I knew it, his considerable girth was inside me,
Ed Koch|If you follow a strict diet for a few months, flaunting six packs abs is no big deal.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|There is a reason that the words natural, wholesome, and organic resonate throughout our culture today. Aim to be natural and truly who you are one-hundred percent of the time.
Angela Louise McGurk, Allegiance|If we elect the same corrupt politicians every time, that's a very clear message that we don't want a change.
Hiram Rhodes Revels|To ensure that Singaporeans can take advantage of opportunities, the government should continue to monitor carefully the proportion of foreign students in our education institutions to ensure that the proportion matches the present and future needs of the country, and the Singaporeans are the main beneficiaries of our education policy.
Harrish Sairaman|If you keep seeing events and others through your existing lens you would miss out on the new possibility. Sometimes, reality!!!
George S. Clason|You've learned the lessons well. You first learned to live on less than you earn. Next you learned to seek advice from those who are competent. Lastly, you've learned to make gold work for you.
Julia Quinn|It was heaven. Forget angels, forget St. Peter and glittering harpsichords. Heaven was a dance in the arms of one's true love.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With certainty, courage and commitment, the dream will be a reality.
William Faulkner, The Wild Palms|Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain.
Roman Payne|Of all public figures and benefactors of mankind, no one is loved by history more than the literary patron. Napoleon was just a general of forgotten battles compared with the queen who paid for Shakespeare's meals and beer in the tavern. The statesman who in his time freed the slaves, even he has a few enemies in posterity, whereas the literary patron has none. We thank Gaius Maecenas for the nobility of soul we attribute to Virgil; but he isn’t blamed for the selfishness and egocentricity that the poet possessed. The patron creates 'literature through altruism,' something not even the greatest genius can do with a pen.
Mari Ruti, The Summons of Love|When our stoicism interferes with our humanity, we risk developing a wooden emotional life and an equally wooden personality. In contrast, the realization that our ability to work through pain makes us stronger than all of our efforts to exorcise it may in the long run alleviate its burden. It may enable us to take up our destiny as creatures whose very vulnerability renders us capable of inspired and truly awe-inspiring love.
Kevin Hearne, Trapped|Entrepreneur, make today count but don't let the day count you. ~ Onyi Anyado.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|When all seems hopeless and all has gone silent, that’s Destiny turning down the music so that all may hear our response to life’s great storms, giving our response the chance to echo throughout eternity with the level of greatness it deserves.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Know your magic, trust your magic, use your magic and know that you are a manifestation of life's magic.
Nikki Rowe|There is something incredibly beautiful about a woman, who knows herself, she can't break, she just falls but in every fall she rises, past who she was before.
Robin S. Sharma, The Leader Who Had No Title: A Modern Fable on Real Success in Business and in Life|Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision.
Bo Bennett|There is a misleading, unwritten rule that states if a quote giving advice comes from someone famous, very old, or Greek, then it must be good advice.
Zeena Schreck, Demons of the Flesh: The Complete Guide to Left Hand Path Sex Magic|In Demons of the Flesh, Zeena describes how Shiva and Shakti are actually ‘two sides of the same deity’. The goal of the initiate on the left-hand path is to become ‘this bisexual twin godhead’ and activate a state of perceptual sexual ecstasy within one's own consciousness. Zeena points out that a corresponding symbolism is found in the western hermeticism in the idea of ‘the inner androgyne.’--About Zeena Schreck by Malin Fitger 'Contemporary notions of Kundalini, its background and role within new Western religiosity,' University of Stockholm, 2004
Sara Shepard, Ruthless|We did all the tourist crap, but I just wanted to sit in a cafe and watch people
Jean Paul|I'm not here to impose Sharia law, and I'm not here to have a message about disability being inspirational - I'm here to make people laugh. But when I can layer things and make people not only laugh but question, make people not only laugh but be offended... I have to do that.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|It is not, how one thinks. Indeed, it is, how one executes that.
Lynda Cheldelin Fell|She who heals herself, heals others.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|I’m not ‘different’ from anyone else. Crises and tough emotional periods are the grit around which my inner self has been formed. Some, I have come through with more grace than others.
Brooke Hampton|Then we talked a lot about our parents and how we didn't want to become them, but we had no other role models--or "maps," Alex kept saying. "My father is a terrible map, mostly because he doesn't ever lead me anywhere." And I thought about my parents being maps that led to places I didn't want to go-- and it made a shocking amount of sense, using the word maps to describe parents. If almost made you feel like you could fold Mom and Dad up and lock them away in the glove compartment of your car and just joyride for the rest of your life maybe.
Miya Yamanouchi|Prove yourself and others wrong everyday by redefining who you THINK you are, through performing actions you would normally deem impossible or uncharacteristic of you.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|For lack of knowledge of the Holy One, we perish in sin of hell.
Karla Campos|I'm convinced my heart knew who it belonged to, long before I met her.
Francis Albert Sinatra|What is the meaning of life? What is our purpose on earth? These are some of the great, false questions of religion. We need not answer them, for they are badly posed, but we can live our answers all the same. At a minimum, we can create the conditions for human flourishing in this life--the only life of which any of us can be certain. That means we should not terrify our children with thoughts of hell or poison them with hatred for infidels. We should not teach our sons to consider women their future property or convince our daughters that they are property even now. And we must decline to tell our children that human history began with bloody magic and will end with bloody magic in a glorious war between the righteous and the rest.
Richard  Holmes, The Age of Wonder: How the Romantic Generation Discovered the Beauty and Terror of Science|purpose of life give away to vision, vision creates dream, and dreams become reality.
Your Model Management|Oh, the joy of the arrival of a child, which is both the one and the other, a mirror in which husband and wife, who love each other, can see each other in one single face.
Amanda Lance, Conviction|These incident acquaintances and the twisted stories that grew out of them, made John thinking that “Charles Dickens” was not just another pub, but a special place in the Universe, where life itself ties the knots.
C.G. Jung, The Essential Jung: Selected Writings|The unconscious is not a demoniacal monster, but a natural entity which, as far as moral sense, aesthetic taste, and intellectual judgement go, is completely neutral. It only becomes dangerous when our conscious attitude to it is hopelessly wrong. To the degree that we repress it, its danger increases. But the moment the patient begins to assimilate contents that were previously unconscious, its danger diminishes. The dissociation of personality, the anxious division of the day-time and the night-time sides of the psyche, cease with progressive assimilation.
Auliq Ice|She is dead now, so I can say that she laughed like us, played like us and her adult life turned out okay- so I heard. But then when we were all twelve or less, it seemed as though she floated behind a scrim. Markedly pretty, she had eyes full of distance- a smile made more attractive by what it withheld; some knowingness it appeared unwilling to share. In the early forties "cool" was our word to describe her, although, at the time, I thought she was simply sad. Something treasured had been irretrievably lost, and there was nothing to be done about it. Her attitude reminded me of what I saw in the eyes of scary old people sitting in rocking chairs on the porch or leaning forward on a fence looking at us as though in a little while we would know the doom and catastrophe they already knew. "Uh huh", they murmured when we tripped over the door saddle or ruined our clothes. "where is your mind" they asked when we dropped the milk bottle, let the coal fire go out. Seriously asking a serious question, they showed no surprise. They knew we would always fall down, drop things, be ruined, and forget. And it was possible to lose your mind. She too seemed aware of our haplessness, but she did not wear their frown. A mournful sympathy infected her smile.
Saul Bellow, Mr. Sammler's Planet|She didn't tell him white folks couldn't love the same as coloreds. She couldn't love the same neither though, cuz more than half of her was white.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|If giving my everything is what it takes, I won't hesitate, not for even a second. That's what it means to have something you'd give your life to keep safe.
Bill Bryson, The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way|If you are without contention and still have the ability to make people think, their ego is going to take a hit and as a result they're not going to like you. They don't want to think. They want to be right, unrivaled or entertained.
Deyth Banger, Deep Legend|You have already manifested what you know. What you have known thus far could only take you this far. If you’re not happy and satisfied where you are in life, your career, and business, go to the next level. Unfortunately, you cannot go to the next height without discovering what you haven’t known.
Glenn A. Maltais|Of the obstacles we face while traversing life, the most challenging are often the ones we create from within and project onto our path.
Red Tash, This Brilliant Darkness|Be less than what you are so that you can become more.” ― Joseph Delaney, The Spook's Sacrifice
Jane Austen, Jane Austen: Pride and Prejudice, Mansfield Park, Persuasion|The library is the worst group of people ever assembled in history. They're mean, conniving, rude, and extremely well-read, which makes them dangerous.
Lemmy Kilmister|People don't read any more. It's a sad state of affairs. Reading's the only thing that allows you to use your imagination. When you watch films it's someone else's vision, isn'
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|But such is the nature of man that as soon as you begin to force him to do a thing, from that moment he begins to seek ways by which he can avoid doing the thing you are trying to force upon him. A man with malaria parasites in his blood is a danger to his companions. To kill all the parasites, he was then required to continue doses of quinine a week or ten days after his fever. When the convalescing men were given their daily dose of quinine they would manage to throw their tablets out of the dispensary window. The old turkey-gobbler pet of the hospital gobbled up all the tablets he could find. He became so dissipated he finally developed a species of blindness caused by too much quinine. I cannot vouch for this, but I was often twitted with this story as an illustration of how the men were treating prophylactic quinine.
Jonathon von Maren|Of course a carp is just a carp, waiting to become either your pet, or a gefilte fish. But am I wrong to also see this body lying in a pool of blood, being fibbed about in plain sight, as a metaphor for all the corpses and blood never discussed?
Bo Bennett|I played old men back in drama school. It's just now that I'm drawing level with the age of the characters I play, but I'm fine with that, and I've certainly never envied people who became hugely famous when they were young.
Kangana Ranaut|I've certainly had a bad attitude to my job on many occasions. Not since 'Four Weddings and a Funeral'. I've been rather a good boy and really given it everything when I've accepted a part since then, because I've been given much better parts in films.
Fernando Vallejo, La puta de Babilonia|... respecto al origen del mundo, si es que lo tuvo, no nos queda más remedio que aceptar que nunca sabremos cómo ocurrió y que Dios es una explicación necia que no explica nada pues es tan difícil imaginar la eternidad suya como la de la materia. Dios es la vuelta del bobo: lo postulamos para entender cuanto no entendemos, pero sin entenderlo a Él.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Old people have wisdom but not energy; young people have energy but not wisdom; energy and wisdom must be in the same body to create a much better civilisation! To do this, we will either give energy to the old or we will give wisdom to the young and for now the latter seems a more plausible action!
Gregory Galloway|I sat in that room and realized that you can cut off a finger, cut off a hand, even cut off a leg, but if you take a woman's breast, you are cutting more than just a body part.
Conor McGregor|A two-year-old is kind of like having a blender, but you don't have a top for it.
Chris Eigeman|The way taxes are, you might as well marry for love.
Swami Sivananda|To know oneself, one should assert oneself.
Edward Abbey|The best reason why Monarchy is a strong government is, that it is an intelligible government. The mass of mankind understand it, and they hardly anywhere in the world understand any other.
Austin Kelly|I feel like people around me are betters voting on the wrong horse in the race. I am that horse, always failing to make others win.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|When I suddenly see myself in the depths of the mirror, I take fright. I can scarcely believe that I have limits, that I am outlined and defined. I feel myself to be dispersed in the atmosphere, thinking inside other creatures, living inside things beyond myself. When I suddenly see myself in the mirror, I am not startled because I find myself ugly or beautiful. I discover, in fact, that I possess another quality. When I haven't looked at myself for some time, I almost forget that I am human, I tend to forget my past, and I find myself with the same deliverance from purpose and conscience as something that is barely alive. I am also surprised to find as I gaze into the pale mirror with open eyes that there is so much in me beyond what is known, so much that remains ever silent.
Jamie Farrell, Sugared|Is he nice?” one whispered over her gum paste roses for this weekend’s wedding cakes.	“Um, obviously,” Kimmie said.	“You’re why he’s always coming around? I know he’s hot stuff in Chicago, but he always seems so stiff when he comes here,” another added from the sink.	“Honey, you want them stiff,” a third said…
George Grossmith, The Diary of a Nobody|When I realized that my home was completely filled with a biologically toxic radio wave field, I decided that the best route forward was to milk the home for all of the biological research that I could possibly produce from it!
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|enough people disagree with what Jesus is to prevent Him from...from manifesting, as such. And billions don't believe He existed at all. He is a legend, a myth. A Jewish carpenter people ignore while committing acts in His name, even as they call themselves believers.
Alexander Calder|Only in art will the lion lie down with the lamb, and the rose grow without the thorn.
Patricia Heaton|There's a lot of thinking when you choreograph something. You're not just choreographing some bodies, arms, legs flying around to look cool. It's a lot more complicated and sophisticated. You also have to deal with the connection of the whole film, so when I choreograph, I think of the movement itself, the camera angles, the characters.
Shannon L. Alder|What we need now are new stories to share with each other, new tales to live into the world, which is to say, stories to make real by living our own versions of them.
Ilchi Lee; Seung Heun Lee, LifeParticle Meditation: A Practical Guide to Healing and Transformation|Through Life Particles, the thoughts in your mind are the seeds of your present and future experiences that will blossom when given enough energy through action with your focused attention.
Mark Graban, Lean Hospitals: Improving Quality, Patient Safety, and Employee Satisfaction|Savings, remember, is the prerequisite of investment.
Debasish Mridha|Forgive to be free, let go to grow like a tree.
Shannon L. Alder|It's a fruitless task, explaining yourself," he said. He was enjoying confessing the truth for once. "Either people get you, or they don't. In fact, even when they get you, it's always…a disappointment.
Sumit Agarwal, The Four Patriots|It was not desirable for the paroles to have strong political feelings. All that was required of them was a primitive patriotism which could be appealed to whenever it was necessary to make them accept longer working hours or shorter rations. And even when they became discontented, as they sometimes did, their discontent led nowhere, because, being without general ideas, they could only focus it on petty specific grievances.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|She could hear, some way off, her brothers calling to each other in the woods behind the house. She hoped desperately that their game wouldn't bring them any closer, that they wouldn't scare the birds away. Somehow she knew that you didn't get many moments like this in your life: moments when you knew, without any doubt, that you were alive, when you felt the air in your lungs and the wet grass beneath your feet and the cotton on your skin; moments when you were completely in the present, when neither the past nor the future mattered. She tried to slow her breathing, hoping somehow to make this moment last forever.
Kate Forsyth|Ain’t nothing too serious. Even death is a joke on the old devil, if we are living for the Lord.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|a typical chromosomal DNA molecule in a human being is composed of about five billion pairs of nucleotides… But since there are four different kinds of nucleotides, the number of bits of information in DNA is four times the number of nucleotide pairs. Thus if a single chromosome has five billion (5 X 10^9) nucleotides, it contains twenty billion (2 X 10^10) bits of information… We also see that if more than some tens of billions (several times 10^10) of bits of information are necessary for human survival, extragenetic systems will have to provide them: the rate of development of genetic systems is so slow that no source of such additional biological information can be sought in the DNA.
John Quelch|One famous movie executive, who shall remain nameless, exposed himself to me in his office. 'Mr X,' I said, 'I thought you were a producer, not an exhibitor.'
Persian Proverb|As long as you are standing, give a hand to those who have fallen.
Ernie Banks|But it all comes down to friendship, treating people right.
Steve Goodier|Your power to choose can never be taken from you. It can be neglected and it can be ignored. But if used, it can make all the difference.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Doubt is a form of pessimism that acts as an agent, which is sent to hinder prosperity on its materilization journey.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|She loved the guy. She did it for him. She would’ve done anything for him. Some people are like that. Some loves are like that. Most loves are like that, from what I can see. Your heart starts to feel like an overcrowded lifeboat. You throw your pride out to keep it afloat, and your self-respect and your independence. After a while you start throwing people out—your friends, everyone you used to know. And it’s still not enough. The lifeboat is still sinking, and you know it’s going to take you down with it. I’ve seen that happen to a lot of people here. I think that’s why I’m sick of love.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Innovative leaders today are digital conductors, problem-solvers, and culture influencers.
Ellen J. Barrier|Every path we take in life, we make the decision to pursue a dream. We travel the path of our dreams on a mental path of a narrow bridge; we must stay focused on our goal and not fear, lest we lose our balance of purpose and fall.
Michael Paterniti|The Line welcomed rain and sun. Seeds germinated in mass graves, between skulls and femurs and broken pick handles, tendrils rose up alongside dog spikes and clavicles, thrust around teak sleepers and tibias, scapulas, vertebrae, fibulas and femurs.
Debalina Haldar, The Female Ward|Lightly, lightly, very lightly,A wind passes very lightlyAnd goes away, always very lightly.And I don’t know what I thinkAnd I don’t want to know.
Aimee' Bejarano, Angelica: You Have Chosen Well|My dear boy, in Ireland the midwife uses one hand to hold the baby's best fighting arm from the font water, and grips its jaws with the other lest the goes to litigation about it. Says O'LiamRoe
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|As Linus grew into his teens, became even more awkward, with long, gangly arms and odd ginger hairs sprouting from his spotty chin, Georgiana blossomed into a beautiful child, beloved of all on the estate. She brought a smile to the face of even the most hardened tenants, farmers who hadn't had a kind word for the Montrachet family in years would send baskets of apples to the kitchen for Miss Georgiana to enjoy.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|It is humanly impossible to be selfless. As a matter of fact, human beings are inherently selfish.
Anthony M. Esolen, Ten Ways to Destroy the Imagination of Your Child|People always equate beauty with good, but it just ain't so.
Adam Silvera, History Is All You Left Me|Puzzles are sort of like life because you can mess up and rebuild later, and you're likely smarter the next time around.
Debasish Mridha|When you believe, the whole world with all of her positive-synchronized power dares to help you.
Dale McGowan|Spirituality is about being awake. It’s the attempt to transcend the mundane, sleepwalking experience of life we all fall into, to tap into the wonder of being a conscious and grateful thing in the midst of an astonishing universe. It doesn’t require religion. Religion can, in fact, and often does, blunt our awareness by substituting false (and dare I say inferior) wonders for real ones. It’s a fine joke on ourselves that most of what we call spirituality is actually about putting ourselves to sleep.
Michael Anthony, The Year in San Fernando|My heart was burning for home. For a moment I felt like crying out, but at the moment of greater pain my mother's voice came back to me. It was as if she was here and talking, Stay and take an education, boy. Take it in, That's the main thing.
Jason Mewes|What's really cool about LEGOs is that you can put a bunch of bricks on the table, and everybody will make something different. Everyone has different ideas, and some of them may seem crazy.
Lau-tzu|Time is our most valuable nonrenewable resource, and if we want to treat it with respect, we need to set priorities.
Elmore Leonard, Elmore Leonard's 10 Rules of Writing|It's my attempt to remain invisible, not distract the reader from the story with obvious writing.
Richard Flanagan|Decades would pass. A few short sections would be formed in time into strangely resurrected, trunkless legs-tourist sites, sacred sites, national sites.For the line was broken, as all lines finally are; it was on longing for meaning and hope, but the annals of the past are a muddy story of chaos only. And of that colossal ruin, boundless and buried, the lone and level jungle stretched far away. Of imperial dreams and dead men, all that remained was long grass.
H.M. Ward, The Wedding Contract|I did,” Henric said, with a triumphant look.“Oh,” Meena said, opening the book to the page 74, the one from her dream. “You mean thisprince?” She pointed at the illustration of Lucifer.Henric’s grin faltered slightly. “Precisely.”“He’s not a prince,” Meena said. “As you know perfectly well, he’s a fallen angel. And what wasLucien’s mother?”“A p-princess,” Henric stammered. But there was terror in his eyes.“No,” Lucien said, shaking his head. “She was an angel.”Meena swung around to look at him. Tears glittered in her eyes as she gazed up into his, whichhad gone back to their normal deep brown.“Yes, Lucien,” she said, holding the book open in front of him. “That’s why Henric was trying tokeep this from you. Because he realized it was the one thing that might help you remember what yourmother always taught you. You, of all people, really do have a choice. You can choose to be good . . .because you are part good. No matter how hard you try to be the devil’s son, you’ve still got an angel fora mother.
Nien Cheng, Life and Death in Shanghai|Nobody's truly free. Everyone is prisoner to a secret, a sin, a lie. It wasn't by accident that, in the Star Spangled Banner, Francis Scott Key set the word "free" to a note so high nobody could attain it.
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|A child is asleep. Her private life unwinds inside skin and skull; only as she sheds childhood, first one decade and then another, can she locate the actual, historical stream, see the setting of her dreaming private life—the nation, the city, the neighborhood, the house where the family lives—as an actual project under way, a project living people willed, and made well or failed, and are still making, herself among them. I breathed the air of history all unaware, and walked oblivious through its littered layers.
Unarine Ramaru|Every single man who is too stupid enough to realize how beautiful is God's creation through WOMEN and continuously lay his hand on them, he is not man enough to be classified with the rest of us.
Benjamin Franklin|As a human being, anger is a part of our mind. Irritation also part of our mind. But you can do - anger come, go. Never keep in your sort of - your inner world, then create a lot of suspicion, a lot of distrust, a lot of negative things, more worry.
Gene Stratton-Porter, A Girl of the Limberlost|There never was a moment in my life, when I felt so in the Presence, as I do now. I feel as if the Almighty were so real, and so near, that I could reach out and touch Him, as I could this wonderful work of His, if I dared. I feel like saying to Him: 'To the extent of my brain power I realize Your presence, and all it is in me to comprehend of Your power. Help me to learn, even this late, the lessons of Your wonderful creations. Help me to unshackle and expand my soul to the fullest realization of Your wonders. Almighty God, make me bigger, make me broader!
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|My first spoken word poem, packed with all the wisdom of a 14-year-old, was about the injustice of being seen as unfeminine. The poem was very indignant, and mainly exaggerated, but the only spoken word poetry that I had seen up until that point was mainly indignant, so I thought that that's what was expected of me.
Sunday Adelaja|What the culture of get rich quick does to our people is People begin to think that there is no natural process to success, hence the fraudulent nouveau riche (swindlers, drug pushers, 419 scammers etc.) begin to become respected in the society
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The story goes that a public sinner was excommunicated and forbidden entry to the church. He took his woes to God. 'They won't let me in, Lord, because I am a sinner.''What are you complaining about?' said God. 'They won't let Me in either.
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|Yet she also longed for moments when she might be weak, when she need not prove anything to anyone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more we give, the more we reap the benefits of feeling good in helping others. We are all capable of giving and and as well receiving, from giving graciously The blessing about giving is that it always comes back to us!
David Cronenberg, Consumed|But so strong is our desire for meaning, an innate desire, that we construct meanings where there are none.
Handi Priyono|Awakening of consciousness originated from "pain"..
Emily Ratajkowski|Comics are a dying art. If you ask a little kid to choose between a video game with insane graphics or comic books... you have to compete with cable, satellite TV with its thousands of channels, and with video games that are like movies, with CGI explosions where you can blow up worlds.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Either I protect my friends and lie low until the fight for Radiasure is over, or I put everyone in harm's way and make sure that horrible drug never gets made again. Maybe if I was only putting myself at risk, I could be okay with it. But I can't make this decision for my friends and family. This is too much for one invisible girl to handle. "What do I do, Mom?"She puts her hands on my shoulders. "Sit down. I'll get the Pop Tarts.
Johann Baptist Metz, Memoria passionis: Ein provozierendes Gedächtnis in pluralistischer Gesellschaft|Tko npr. formulira govor o Bogu Abrahamovu, Izakovu i Jakovljevu tako da se u njemu više ne čuje Jobov uzdisaj i tužaljka 'Ta dokle još?', taj se ne bavi teologijom nego mitologijom.
Clarice Lispector, Near to the Wild Heart|I love them both as though I birthed them both, but also as though I adopted them both.
Harper Lee|I had never been interested in boys and had no notion that I ever would, seeing being in love and loving as a great tangle in which you could lose your head as well as your heart. Yet standing there that afternoon looking at the young man. I could well see how such knots in life were made.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|On Wall Street, Clarence was a diamond in a sea of glass, never greedy, never an ambulance-chaser, never the kind of person who deserved to die in the way that he did.
Matthew Laurence, Freya|I wish I could tell you it doesn't matter. I wish I could hold you close and tell that you will be loved for what you do, that you are incredible and unique. I wish you knew how much you were needed, how much I miss you. I wish. You dream of desires and hopes, and that is why I dream of you - because you are my desire and hope.
Deyth Banger|I try to live my life every day in the present, and try not to turn a blind eye to injustice and 
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|And then Jack chopped down what was the world's last beanstalk, adding murder and ecological terrorism to the theft, enticement, and trespass charges already mentioned, and all the giant's children didn't have a daddy anymore. But he got away with it and lived happily ever after, without so much as a guilty twinge about what he had done...which proves that you can be excused for just about anything if you are a hero, because no one asks inconvenient questions.
Stephen Richards|Not aware of any boundaries or any rules or any traditions abiding upon them, the water flows free and wild. Not bothered about anything gone or left behind she eagerly rushes to the new dimension of her life knowing the best is yet to come.Learn to be like that soul clean, compassionate, loving and strong enough to endure.
Pravin Agarwal, 8 Course Meal For The Soul|One fine day I stopped caring about what others think, and oh boy, I've loved every moment of life since then.
Nate Phelps|Stein resented the sedative power of religion, or rather the repose available to those blissfully ignorant that the medicament was a fictitious blank. In this exile from peace of mind to which his reason doomed him, he was like an insomniac driven to awaken sleepers from dreams illegitimately won by going around shouting, 'Don't you realize it was a placebo!' Thus it seemed to me that what you were up against in Stein was not logic rampant, but frustrated faith. He could not forgive God for not existing.
Criss Jami|The hype cheapens the hyped, as right things are then made wrong by exaggeration.
Jeffrey Tucker|The important question is, therefore, not whether anarchy is possible or not, but whether we can so enlarge the scope and influence of libertarian methods that they become the normal way in which human beings organise their society.
oladosu feyikogbon|whenthings turns upside down, think it over and let new come apace
DMX|Listen, I have a great affection and respect for Joe Biden. I think he's been a great vice president. He's taken on a lot of tough assignments for our administration.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With conscious effort, you can be a reader.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When a dream is fulfilled, it is always a glorious feeling.
Simon Nye|Amy: Pond and her boys . . . my poncho boys. If we're going to die, let's die looking like a peruvian folk band.
Steve Burkholder|If you're saving, you're succeeding
Pat Conroy|Humiliating events have a way of capturing the public's imagination. So it has been since antiquity, when gladiators were pitted against each other and the legions of Spartacus were crucified in endless rows on the way to Rome.
Giacomo Casanova|If we are faithful to God in little things, we shall gain experience and strength that will be helpful to us in the more serious trials of life.
Ogwo David Emenike, The Fortune in Failing: Decoding the Message of Failure|Sooner or later, the man who learnt lessons from his failures will be the one to be sought first for guidance, counsel and formula on how to be successful in life's endeavours.
Ayn Rand|If that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption? If this is the great evil of being alone, than what is good and what is evil?
|Love isn't suppose to hurt. If it does, then it is absolutely not a true love.
Voltaire|The honey doesn't taste so good once it is being eaten; the goal doesn't mean so much once it is reached; the reward is no so rewarding once it has been given. If we add up all the rewards in our lives, we won't have very much. But if we add up the spaces *between* the rewards, we'll come up with quite a bit. And if we add up the rewards *and* the spaces, then we'll have everything - every minute of the time that we spent.
Roger Duvoisin, Petunia|But suddenly, Pentunia spied the Book. The firecrackers had blown it open so that the pages showed. She had never seen them before. Now she saw that there was something written inside the Book which she could not read. So she sat down and thought and thought and thought, until at last she sighed, 'Now I understand. It was not enough to carry wisdom under my wing. I must put it in my mind and in my heart. And to do that I must learn to read.
Christina Enevoldsen, The Rescued Soul: The Writing Journey for the Healing of Incest and Family Betrayal|When we let go of our pride, we give ourselves permission to be human. We give ourselves permission to slip up and hurt and to grow without ridiculous standards of perfection constantly looming over our heads. We give ourselves a chance to face conflicts, to face ourselves, and to heal. And, in this healing process, we give others a chance to follow our lead.
Paige Tyler, Her Fierce Warrior|So what did you and Landon do this afternoon?” Minka asked, her soft voice dragging him back to the present.Angelo looked up to see that Minka had already polished off two fajitas. Damn, the girl could eat. “Landon gave me a tour of the DCO complex. I did some target shooting and blew up a few things. He even let me play with the expensive surveillance toys. I swear, it felt more like a recruiting pitch to get me to work there than anything.”Minka’s eyes flashed green, her full lips curving slightly. Damn, why the hell had he said it like that? Now she probably thought he was going to come work for the DCO. Even if he wanted to, he couldn’t, not after just reenlisting for another five years. The army wasn’t the kind of job where you could walk into the boss’s office and say, “I quit.”Thinking it would be a good idea to steer the conversation back to safer ground, he reached for another fajita and asked Minka a question instead. “What do you think you’ll work on next with Ivy and Tanner? You going to practice with the claws for a while or move on to something else?”Angelo felt a little crappy about changing the subject, but if Minka noticed, she didn’t seem to mind. And it wasn’t like he had to fake interest in what she was saying. Anything that involved Minka was important to him. Besides, he didn’t know much about shifters or hybrids, so the whole thing was pretty damn fascinating.“What do you visualize when you see the beast in your mind?” he asked.“Before today, I thought of it as a giant, blurry monster. But after learning that the beast is a cat, that’s how I picture it now.” She smiled. “Not a little house cat, of course. They aren’t scary enough. More like a big cat that roams the mountains.” “Makes sense,” he said. Minka set the other half of her fourth fajita on her plate and gave him a curious look. “Would you mind if I ask you a personal question?”His mouth twitched as he prepared another fajita. He wasn’t used to Minka being so reserved. She usually said whatever was on her mind, regardless of whether it was personal or not.“Go ahead,” he said.“The first time we met, I had claws, fangs, glowing red eyes, and I tried to kill you. Since then, I’ve spent most of the time telling you about an imaginary creature that lives inside my head and makes me act like a monster. How are you so calm about that? Most people would have run away already.”Angelo chuckled. Not exactly the personal question he’d expected, but then again Minka rarely did the expected.“Well, my mom was full-blooded Cherokee, and I grew up around all kinds of Indian folktales and legends. My dad was in the army, and whenever he was deployed, Mom would take my sisters and me back to the reservation where she grew up in Oklahoma. I’d stay up half the night listening to the old men tell stories about shape-shifters, animal spirits, skin-walkers, and trickster spirits.” He grinned. “I’m not saying I necessarily believed in all that stuff back then, but after meeting Ivy, Tanner, and the other shifters at the DCO, it just didn’t faze me that much.” Minka looked at him with wide eyes. “You’re a real American Indian? Like in the movies? With horses and everything?”He laughed again. The expression of wonder on her face was adorable. “First, I’m only half-Indian. My dad is Mexican, so there’s that. And second, Native Americans are almost nothing like you see in the movies. We don’t all live in tepees and ride horses. In fact, I don’t even own a horse.” Minka was a little disappointed about the no-horse thing, but she was fascinated with what it was like growing up on an Indian reservation and being surrounded by all those legends. She immediately asked him to tell her some Indian stories. It had been a long time since he’d thought about them, but to make her happy, he dug through his head and tried to remember every tale he’d heard as a kid.
Virginia Postrel|Growth doesn't hurt. This is what I've learned. In the end, it doesn't hurt. It hurts while it's happening. But in the end, you know, for life, for parenting, and for the arts, it's not a bad - not a bad thing to try for.
H.G. Wells|From the time I arrived in British East Africa at the indifferent age of four and went through the barefoot stage of early youth hunting wild pig with the Nandi, later training racehorses for a living, and still later scouting Tanganyika and the waterless bush country between the Tana and Athi Rivers, by aeroplane, for elephant, I remained so happily provincial I was unable to discuss the boredom of being alive with any intelligence until I had gone to London and lived there for a year. Boredom, like hookworm, is endemic.
Lynda Cheldelin Fell|Each of you are a voice. Together we are a choir, a powerful choir of change that circles the globe with love.
Siri Hustvedt, The Summer Without Men|Whatever is, is in its causes just;But purblind manSees but a part o' th' chain; the nearest link;His eyes not carrying to that equal beamThat poises all above.
Anthony Liccione|Later, long after my grandfather was dead, I would regret that I could never be the kind of man that he was. Though I adored him as a child and found myself attracted to the safe protectorate of his soft, uncritical maleness, I never wholly appreciated him. I did not know how to cherish sanctity, and I had no way of honoring, of giving small voice to the praise of such natural innocence, such a generous simplicity. Now I know that a part of me would like to have traveled the world as he traveled it, a jester of burning faith, a fool and a forest prince brimming with the love of God. I would like to walk his southern world, thanking God for oysters and porpoises, praising God for birdsongs and sheet lightning, and seeing God reflected in pools of creekwater and the eyes of stray cats. I would like to have talked to yard dogs and tanagers as if they were my friends and fellow travelers along the sun-tortured highways, intoxicated with a love of God, swollen with charity like a rainbow, in the thoughtless mingling of its hues, connecting two distant fields in its glorious arc. I would like to have seen the world with eyes incapable of anything but wonder, and a tongue fluent only in praise.
Loretta Lynch|I've always believed fitness is an entry point to help you build that happier, healthier life. When your health is strong, you're capable of taking risks. You'll feel more confident to ask for the promotion. You'll have more energy to be a better mom. You'll feel more deserving of love.
Bette Davis|...the love, respect, and confidence of my children was the sweetest reward I could receive for my efforts to be the woman I would have them copy.
Alison McGhee|I have a couple of best friends, and I don't think I would live with them. It definitely... certain people can't live together, and I think that it could potentially put a lot of strain on the relationship or friendship.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|And in the end, we were all just humans, drunk on the idea that love, only love, could heal our brokenness.
Richie Norton|Live in a way that helps you lean into your fears, make a difference and live without regret.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Let your heart shine even more than your face. The beautiful contents of your heart can never be forgotten, but your face will be a history.
Eddie  Capparucci|For Jesus, it was about the Father and us. It was not about Him. Could we say the same about ourselves? From the book: Removing Your Shame Label.
William Stringfellow|That means, in turn, that this is an experience which shatters time and liberates people from the confinement of time by at once recalling all that has gone before and anticipating all that is to come.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|It is our non negotiable responsibility to always stay positive, no matter what! The only thing that can make you negative is the thing you allow to make you negative! Think well and stay positive!
Miyamoto Musashi|If there is a meaning in life at all, then there must be a meaning in suffering. Suffering is an ineradicable part of life, even as fate and death. Without suffering and death, human life cannot be complete.
Robin Bielman, Worth the Risk|Then what’s this?” She raised her glass of expensive wine, used it to indicate their plush surroundings.His gaze followed her indication around the dim-lit, upmarket Italian restaurant. “Dinner in comfort.”“With a side order of persuasion?”“More like an offer I’m hoping you can’t refuse.
Mohammad|...if you give respect, yet get respect back. If you offend, you get...retribution.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|The long-lived gene as an evolutionary unit is not any particular physical structure but the textual archival information that is copied on down the generations. [I]t is widely distributed in space among different individuals, and widely distributed in time over many generations. [A] successful gene will be one that does well in the environments provided by these other genes that it is likely to meet in lots of different bodies.
Mary Roach, Packing for Mars: The Curious Science of Life in the Void|Gravity disappears again, and we rise up off the floor like spooks from a grave. It's like the Rapture in here every thirty seconds.
Abraham Lincoln|I don't like to hear cut and dried sermons. No—when I hear a man preach, I like to see him act as if he were fighting bees.
Augusten Burroughs, This Is How: Proven Aid in Overcoming Shyness, Molestation, Fatness, Spinsterhood, Grief, Disease, Lushery, Decrepitude & More. For Young and Old Alike.|When you say, "I need more confidence," what you're really saying is, "I need those people over there to approve of me."That is the desire to control other people and what they think. The first person who figures out how to do this owns the world.
Jane Green, Family Pictures|She would talk to him in the car, ask him something, then turn on the radio and find her question answered by the lyrics of a song; pick up a book and turn to a random page, to find the words that were exactly what she needed to hear. There is no such thing as coincidence, she would think, blowing a kiss of thanks to the heavens.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|There must have been a moment, at the beginning, were we could have said -- no. But somehow we missed it. 
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The Hubbermanns had two of their own (children), but they were older and had moved out...Soon they would be both in the war. One would be making bullets. The other would be shooting them.
Paul Murray, The Mark and the Void|But if the Bible is not everywhere literally true, which parts are divinely inspired and which are merely fallible and human? As soon as we admit that there are scriptural mistakes (or concessions to the ignorance of the times), then how can the Bible be an inerrant guide to ethics and morals? Might sects and individuals now accept as authentic the parts of the Bible they like, and reject those that are inconvenient or burdensome?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|You made me laugh at your jokes.You made me cry at your criticism.You made me shout at your lies.Then I noticed how in every case someone else was present, hearing you without laughter or tears or anger.I alone reacted.I see now; you never made me laugh or cry or rage.I chose to find humor.I chose to take offense.I chose to feel scorned.The truth is, you never had power over me.
Julian Short, A Model for Living|The poorer your self-esteem and the lower your self-confidence, the more easily negative feelings can overwhelm ordinary good sense.
Pepper Winters, Twisted Together|Donna fight the darkness, nobody. Embrace it.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|...love, all at once and much, much too completely. It's like you suddenly turn a blinding light on something that had always been half a shadow...
Albert Sabin|My own experience of over 60 years in biomedical research amply demonstrated that without the use of animals and of human beings, it would have been impossible to acquire the important knowledge needed to prevent much suffering and premature death not only among humans but also among [other] animals.
Louis Armstrong|There is hardly any money interest in art, and music will be there when money is gone.
Anaïs Nin|I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Thoughts Unknown|If all work and no play makes you dull,Then you're on the wrong job.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|I always say now that I'm in my blonde years. Because since the end of my marriage, all of my girlfriends have been blonde.
Emily Auerbach|Like Wollstonecraft, Austen rejects the notion that ‘man was made to reason, woman to feel.’ Perhaps Austen was tired of reading passages in conduct books suggesting that young women were innately sensitive, quivering, emotional messes.
Faith Prince|You can construct the character of a man and his age not only from what he does and says, but from what he fails to say and do.
Thea Harrison, Pia Saves the Day|She was the real treasure, more precious than sapphires, diamonds and gold.At the core of his ancient, cynical heart, he was an acquisitive creature, after all.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|So, show the world, make it seeYou are you, and I am me.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|If you haven't gotten your dream yet, perhaps your'e not running fast enough.
Marina Abromovic|I'm impressed by the way some illustrators develop their images on computers, but it's too late for me to start, and I'm still in love with paper and paint and pencils.
Sara Wolf, Brutal Precious|You are the sun, I try to say, You are the most important. You are the only light that's ever truly pierced my armor. You are the happiness and the spark and the one girl who never ran, who never cowered, who saw through my facade. I will never meet another girl like you, I will never want anyone as much as I want you. I don't deserve you.
Sam Argent|Turren blinked and then smiled from ear to ear. “What makes a pure soul extra purer?”“I don’t know,” Sebastian said. “I didn’t eat anything weird today.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|The author says that though the Mexican War wound down, the interpretation of it was just beginning.
Winston Churchill|I think the key that happened on 9/11 is we went from considering terrorist attacks as a law enforcement problem to considering terrorist attacks, especially on the scale we have on 9/11, as being an act of war.
Dara Reidyr|If you become too readily available to people, they begin to take you for granted; pull away, and they will clamor for you. It's a subconscious thing our society has created in the minds of the masses. This is why most of the "greats" didn't become recognized until after their deaths. If you're overlooked, rejoice, maybe your one of the future greats.
Michelle M. Pillow|Out of all the things I do, I think being a mom is the most important and satisfying.
Kathryn Erskine, Mockingbird|That's all my grandfather was guilty of, fear, faith in his words, but that was a high crime in her eyes. That's all Jack was guilty of that day, but I've lived with him a good while and I believe I understand him. Sometimes it might take an afternoon or evening of being here in this kitchen alone, thinking, but I can usually come to see his reasons through his ways. And half the job of finding peace is finding understanding. Don't you believe it to be so?
Robert L. O'Connell, The Ghosts of Cannae: Hannibal & the Darkest Hour of the Roman Republic|Rome, on the other hand, lost—suffering on that one day more battle deaths than the United States during the entire course of the war in Vietnam, suffering more dead soldiers than any other army on any single day of combat in the entire course of Western military history.
Temple Grandin, The Autistic Brain: Thinking Across the Spectrum|When you cure a blind person, he or she is not a statistic.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|. . . None of us are born as passive generic blobs waiting for the world to stamp its imprint on us. Instead we show up possessing already a highly refined and individuated soul.Another way of thinking of it is: We're not born with unlimited choices.We can't be anything we want to be.We come into this world with a specific, personal destiny. We have a job to do, a calling to enact, a self to become. We are who we are from the cradle, and we're stuck with it.Our job in this lifetime is not to shape ourselves into some ideal we imagine we ought to be, but to find out who we already are and become it.
Protagoras|I think Hollywood has a class system. The actors are like the inmates, but the truth is they're running the asylum.
Alessandra Torre, The Ghostwriter|There is nothing like young love. It comes at a time before the heart knows to protect itself, when everything important is raw and exposed—the perfect environment for a soul-sucking, heart-crushing burst.
Saaif Alam|A proactive learner can have the ability to acquire a vast amount knowledge to use critical thinking because he or she has the passion comprehending complex principles, theories and tasks in daily life and career settings.
D. Simone|May Light always surround you;Hope kindle and rebound you.May your Hurts turn to Healing;Your Heart embrace Feeling.May Wounds become Wisdom;Every Kindness a Prism.May Laughter infect you;Your Passion resurrect you.May Goodness inspire your Deepest Desires.Through all that you Reach For, May your arms Never Tire.
C.G. Jung, The Red Book: A Reader's Edition|So when you find yourself locked onto an unpleasant train of thought, heading for the places in your past where the screaming is unbearable, remember there's always madness. Madness is the emergency exit.
Frank Clark|The more you Learn, The more you earn
Tony Blair|It is better to have a lion at the head of an army of sheep, than a sheep at the head of an army of lions.
John Steinbeck|In every bit of honest writing in the world, there is a base theme. Try to understand men, if you understand each other you will be kind to each other. Knowing a man well never leads to hate and nearly always leads to love.
Maria Montessori|Happiness is not an ideal of reason, but of imagination.
Theresa May|We all learn lessons in life. Some stick, some don't. I have always learned more from rejection and failure than from acceptance and success.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|An economy that depends on slavery needs to promote images of slaves that “justify” the institution of slavery. The contemporary economy depends right now on the representation of women within the beauty myth. Economist John KennethGalbraith offers an economic explanation for “the persistence of the view of homemaking as a ‘higher calling’”: the concept of women as naturally trapped within the Feminine Mystique, he feels, “has been forced on us by popular sociology, by magazines, and by fiction to disguise the fact that woman in her role of consumer has been essential to the development of our industrial society…. Behavior that is essential for economic reasons is transformed into a social virtue.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|For my true thoughts have spent more time in your company than in anyone else's, these last two or three months, and where my thoughts are, there am I, in truth".
Alan Alda|Fortune, seeing that she could not make fools wise, has made them lucky.
Tia Artemis, The Death's Daughter|...most ghosts are a rag and a bone and a hank of hair at best--a memory fragment stuck on continual loop, just dust and PKE and water-vapour with no real "there" there. Leftover fragments of psychic energy deluded into believing in their own personality; an echo cobbled together from memory and pain, with no self-awareness as such 'cept what we give them. Survival instinct, with no survival.
Michael Connelly, A Darkness More Than Night|There was polite laughter in the courtroom. Bosch noticed that the attorneys -- prosecution and defense -- dutifully joined in, a couple of them overdoing it. It had been his experience that while in open court a judge could not possibly tell a joke that the lawyers did not laugh at.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|Family is the one human institution we have no choice over. We get in simply by being born, and as a result we are involuntarily thrown together with a menagerie of strange and unlike people. Church calls for another step: to voluntarily choose to band together with a strange menagerie because of a common bond in Jesus Christ. I have found that such a community more resembles a family than any other human institution. Henri Nouwen once defined a community as “a place where the person you least want to live with always lives.” His definition applies equally to the group that gathers each Thanksgiving and the group that congregates each Sunday morning. (p. 64-65, Church: Why Bother?)
Anne  Hansen, Finally Mine|She wasn’t all over me because of some bad-boy fetish or because she wanted to be arm candy for Eastside’s resident badass. For the first time in my life, someone looked at me and saw…me.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|Disorder is inherent in stability. Civilized man doesn't understand stability. He's confused it with rigidity. Our political and economic and social leaders drool about stability constantly. It's their favorite word, next to 'power.' 'Gotta stabilize the political situation in Southeast Asia, gotta stabilize oil production and consumption, gotta stabilize student opposition to the government' and so forth.Stabilization to them means order, uniformity, control. And that's a half-witted and potentially genocidal misconception. No matter how thoroughly they control a system, disorder invariably leaks into it. Then the managers panic, rush to plug the leak and endeavor to tighten the controls. Therefore, totalitarianism grows in viciousness and scope. And the blind pity is, rigidity isn't the same as stability at all. True stability results when presumed order and presumed disorder are balanced. A truly stable system expects the unexpected, is prepared to be disrupted, waits to be transformed.
Florence King, Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady|Writers make everybody nervous but we terrify Silly Service workers. Our apartments always look like a front for something, and no matter how carefully we tidy up for guests we always seem to miss the note card that says, "Margaret has to die soon." We own the kind of books that spies use to construct codes, like The Letters of Mme. de Sevigne, and we are the only people in the world who write oxymoron in the margin of the Bible. Manuscripts in the fridge in case of fire, Strunk's Elements in the bathroom, the Laramie City Directory explained away with "It might come in handy," all strike fear in the GS-7 heart. Nobody really wants to sleep with a writer, but Silly Service workers won't even talk to us.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted (Faber and Faber Screenplays) Screenplay based on the book|Lunatics are similar to designated hitters. Often an entire family is crazy, but since an entire family can't go into the hospital, one person is designated as crazy and goes inside. Then, depending on how the rest of the family is feeling that person is kept inside or snatched out, to prove something about the family's mental health.
Thrity Umrigar, The Space Between Us|Or perhaps is is that time doesn't heal wounds at all, perhaps that is the biggest lie of them all, and instead what happens is that each wound penetrates the body deeper and deeper until one day you find that the sheer geography of your bones - the angle of your hips, the sharpness of your shoulders, as well as the luster of your eyes, the texture of your skin, the openness of your smile - has collapsed under the weight of your griefs.
Madhu Vajpayee, Seeking Redemption|it seemed that the pain of their physical illness at times was less than the misery of their poverty ridden existence, the unending wait in the queues and the feeling of hopelessness and abandonment by your own system was enough to rob them of their will power to fight any disease.
Marilyn Manson|I'm really critical of my posture, it makes a big difference. And I try to suck my belly in. Everyone should do that whether you're on a red carpet or not. Even if you're just going out to dinner with your boyfriend you should try and suck it in.
Wendi Cassel, When You Don't Have a Choice|You're a rose, the perfect flower. I'm a carnation, just a cheaper substitute.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|I would far rather have two or three lilies of the valley gathered for me by a person I like, than the most expensive bouquet that could be bought!
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Remember that people who seek to do evil can play hit and miss all they want. People who are seeking companionship online have to be right every time. Miss out on this one and the price could be very dear, even costing your life.
Mercedes Lackey, Owlflight|To treat a person like a carpet, it is necessary that one do the walking, and one allow himself to be walked on.--Shin'a'in saying
Dominique Wilson, That Devil's Madness|Finally, only her and Benji and the solitude she craved. But with solitude came feelings. Anger. Hovering between life and death. Wanting one, then the other. Hating Michael. Grieving for him because she'd loved him so. But most of all grieving for Willow until the pain became so great that she welcomed the numbness back as if a long-lost lover.
Aireen C. Pontillo|If the truth is Impermissible, then we'll eventually be breaking all the rules.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|If thy meditation tends to fill thy note-book with notions, and good sayings, concerning God, and not thy heart with longing after him, and delight in him, for aught I know thy book is as much a Christian as thou (553).
Henry R. Luce|He could not die when trees were green, for he loved the time too well.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|His blue-black hair fell over his face when he moved, like tiny arrows pointing to pronounced cheeckbones. "Starting to think you were going to bail on me." "Didn't know you were expecting me," she said in what she hoped was a casual voice. He gets sexier every day. "Not Expecting, but hoping. Always hoping
Michael Bassey Johnson|To all ladies who like offering sex to a man in the first few weeks of dating, this is what happens: Once he penetrates you, he will start seeing invisible spots on your face, which means that the honor and respect is gone! And now he would be targeting another cheap meat, and if he can buy it, then he concludes that all women are whore. If he continues to exploit women, then your name will be among the list of his thousand of whores.
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Samadhi is the journey from individual to collective consciousness. The steps of Samadhi are the steps towards reaching the collective consciousness. In meditation, the more we radiate love, compassion, peace, harmony and tranquility, the more is our contribution towards the collective consciousness. The more we positively contribute towards the collective consciousness the more is our progress in Samadhi.
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|I know all women are supposed to be strong enough now to strangle presidents and patriarchies between their powerful thighs, but it doesn't work that way. Many of us were actually affected, by male systems and male anger, in ways we cannot always articulate or overcome. Sometimes, when the ceiling seems especially low and the past especially close, I think to myself, I did not make it out. I am still there in that place of diminishment, where that voice an octave deeper than mine is telling me what I am.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|When I am working with groups of thirty or fewer people, there is a powerful name exercise that I do to break the ice, start with humor, and begin my program with positive energy. One by one, each person will introduce themselves using an adjective that describes their personality that starts with the first letter of their name. “Spontaneous Susan,” “Dependable Dave,” and “Happy Helen” are a few quick examples. The benefit for the participants is twofold: it makes each person feel good and it makes people laugh. Additionally, it enables me to learn their names so that I can integrate them into the entire presentation for full engagement and participation.
Gerald Heard, Dromenon: The Best Weird Stories of Gerald Heard|Good can be radical; evil can never be radical, it can only be extreme, for it possesses neither depth nor any demonic dimension yet--and this is its horror--it can spread like a fungus over the surface of the earth and lay waste the entire world. Evil comes from a failure to think.
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|That is happiness; to be dissolved into something complete and great. When it comes to one, it comes as naturally as sleep.
Neal Asher, Brass Man|Try to think like a human,’ said Gant, lolling in one of the club chairs.‘Why should I restrict myself so severely?
Melissa de la Cruz, Lost in Time|If she loved him the way she said she did, she wanted him whole. Maybe this was what love meant after all: sacrifice and selflessness. It did not mean hearts and flowers and a happy ending, but the knowledge that another's well-being is more important than one's own.
William Shakespeare, Venus and Adonis|Thus weary of the world, away she hies,And yokes her silver doves; by whose swift aidTheir mistress mounted through the empty skiesIn her light chariot quickly is convey'd;Holding their course to Paphos, where their queenMeans to immure herself and not be seen.
Tom Shadyac|I would call myself a Gnostic. Which means, I'm interested in pursuing and understanding the spiritual nature of things. A Gnostic is somebody seeking knowledge of that aspect of reality.
Janet Evanovich, Three to Get Deadly|Ranger is an unusual name," she managed. "Is it a nickname?"It's a street name," Ranger said. "I was a Ranger in the army."I heard about them Rangers on TV," Grandma said. "I heard they get dogs pregnant."My father's mouth dropped open and a piece of ham fell out.My mother froze, her fork poised in midair.That's sort of a joke," I told Grandma. "Rangers don't get dogs pregnant in real life."I looked at Ranger for corroboration and got another smile.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|But now she loved winter. Winter was beautiful "up back" - almost intolerably beautiful. Days of clear brilliance. Evenings that were like cups of glamour - the purest vintage of winter's wine. Nights with their fire of stars. Cold, exquisite winter sunrises. Lovely ferns of ice all over the windows of the Blue Castle. Moonlight on birches in a silver thaw. Ragged shadows on windy evenings - torn, twisted, fantastic shadows. Great silences, austere and searching. Jewelled, barbaric hills. The sun suddenly breaking through grey clouds over long, white Mistawis. Ice-grey twilights, broken by snow-squalls, when their cosy living-room, with its goblins of firelight and inscrutable cats, seemed cosier than ever. Every hour brought a new revalation and wonder.
Carol Birch, Jamrach's Menagerie|It’s one of the things I love about the sea, the way you can see weather afar. It’s like looking at the future.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|I loved the way he kissed me, as if he had to, as if he'd go crazy if he didn't and had nearly waited too long.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|I can’t cure anyone. I can’t guarantee they will heal. I can only tell them my story, remind them that they are not alone in their journey and offer a glimmer of hope for healing.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Being and Nothingness|It is certain that we cannot escape anguish, for we are anguish.
Angela Davis|From the beginning of church history, music, writing, literature, and the greatest works of art all came from the church. To change the culture and make it a force for good, you have to be in it and be a part of it.
Thomas Hardy, Desperate Remedies|Personalization filters serve a kind of invisible autopropaganda, indoctrinating us with our own ideas, amplifying our desire for things that are familiar in leaving us oblivious to the dangers lurking in the dark territory of the unknown.
Mark G. Graff|If security were all that mattered, computers would never be turned on, let alone hooked into a network with literally millions of potential intruders
Jim Butcher, Summer Knight|Note to self: Caymen is very good at sarcasm.”“If you’re recording notes for an official record, I’d like the word ‘very’ stricken and replaced with ‘exceptionally.
V.E. Schwab, A Conjuring of Light|What are these fundamental principles, if they are not atoms?""Stories. And they give me hope.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|Education is neither writing on a blank slate nor allowing the child's nobility to come into flower. Rather, education is a technology that tries to make up for what the human mind is innately bad at. Children don't have to go to school to learn to walk, talk, recognize objects, or remember the personalities of their friends, even though these tasks are much harder than reading, adding, or remembering dates in history. They do have to go to school to learn written language, arithmetic, and science, because those bodies of knowledge and skill were invented too recently for any species-wide knack for them to have evolved.
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|I am who Iam, I enjoy life in my own way and that is hell of a lot more than most people can say for themselves
Bryce S. DeWitt|I studied calculus for the first time, which to me was an amazingly empowering experience which I could really see how you could understand all sorts of things, and I decided that chemistry and biology just had too much memory for me to be interested. Physics was very easy.
Walter Annenberg|I seek the Will of the Spirit of God through, or in connection with, the Word of God. The Spirit and the Word must be combined. If I look to the Spirit alone without the Word, I lay myself open to great delusions also.
Stephen King, Dreamcatcher|You grew up, became a man, had to adjust to taking less than you hoped for; you discovered the dream-machine had a big OUT OF ORDER sign on it.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Always, it is the poor people who pay. And always, it is the poor people's women who pay the most.
Frederick Buechner, The Magnificent Defeat|Like Adam, we have all lost Paradise; and yet we carry Paradise around inside of us in the form of a longing for, almost a memory of, a blessedness that is no more, or the dream of a blessedness that may someday be again.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Acheron|Every so often i'd wake up when his arms clenched around me, his embrace so tight i thought he'd cut off my circulation, holding me as if even in his sleep he was haunted by the fear of losing me.
Anthony T. Hincks|We are living the American Dream, which is, of course, to benefit from someone else’s misfortune.
Robert Kiyosaki|Folks, the most insidious part of this whole health care scheme is that all of these vast medical expenditures will become nothing more than government budget items. We individuals will no longer exist. The relationship between a government and citizen will change forever.
Yukari Yashiki, Made in Heaven Kazemichi: Volume 1|Even though Xavier was only human, it seemed he could protect me from anything and everything. I wouldn't have been worried if a fire-breathing dragon had torn of the roof, because I knew that Xavier was there. I wondered fleetingly if I was expecting to much og him, but dismissed the idea.
Dada Bhagwan|When you slander someone [talk negatively about people], you earn a debit in your account and that person will earn a credit. Who would do these kinds of business?
Debasish Mridha|Be kind like a flower to fill the world with beauty, joy and happiness.
Richard Branson|I do find things funny. When you see life through the eyes of someone with a good sense of humor, which my grandmother did, life is a human comedy.
Sándor Márai, Embers|To improve your looks, to feel powerful and inspire others; just SMILE
David Plotz|Changing the way we talk is not political correctness run amok. It reflects an admirable willingness to acknowledge others who once were barely visible to the dominant culture, and to recognize that something that may seem innocent to you may be painful to others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To strengthen the body’s muscles, exercise; the mind’s muscles, read; the heart’s muscle’s, laugh; and the soul’s muscles, love.
Terry Tempest Williams, Refuge: An Unnatural History of Family and Place|like all other living creatures, I am the descendant of survivors, so the fear in my head is the voice of my ancestors whispering their accumulated wisdom.
Ramana Pemmaraju|If God exists at all, it exists in the pants of a man and woman, not otherwise
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Whining is not only graceless, but can be dangerous. It can alert a brute that a victim is in the neighborhood.
Debolina Bhawal|It was then I saw thy mother, and loved her, and took her away in my secret heart.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Only God, my dear,” wrote Yeats blithely, “Could love you for yourself alone/And not your yellow hair.” This quote is meant as a bit of lighthearted verse. But it is an epic tragedy in three lines.
Gail Carson Levine, Fairest|Daughter, we didn't need your note - or a prince's visit - to tell us you'd done nothing wrong. We know the daughter we raised. We fear for your future, but never for your character. You take our love and our trust wherever you wander. Father.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|It was strange walking through the empty apartment. My battered purple room was gone, Brittany’s bruised blue was gone. Two coats covered everything. It was like none of it had ever happened.
Michael Bassey Johnson|These are the attributes of Bullshit people; they will...blur your imagination, take your endowments for a piece of debris, make you ridiculous, and most importantly, you got to send them to the recycle bin.
Christa McAuliffe|I also administer the Internet Assigned Names Authority, which is the central coordinator for the Internet address space, domain names and Internet protocol conventions essential to the use and operation of the Internet.
Laura Lippman, Hush Hush|Motherhood was a twenty-four-hour-a-day, all-encompassing job. It was the hardest job I ever had. Everything that happened to you [her child] happened to me. I had once heard children described in a novel as "hostages to fortune" and certainly my happiness depended on yours.
Thomas More, Utopia|They wonder much to hear that gold which in itself is so useless a thing, should be everywhere so much esteemed, that even men for whom it was made, and by whom it has value, should yet be thought of less value than this metal. That a man of lead, who has no more sense than a log of wood, and is as bad as he is foolish, should have many wise and good men to serve him, only because he has a great heap of that metal...
Santosh Kalwar|You must take these poems as mirrors; for you know that the mirror has no form of itself, but rather reflects the face of anyone who looks in it. Just so a poem has no one particular meaning of itself , but presents to each reader his state of the moment and the completeness of his case
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Sometimes, we think faster than what we write.
Justin Bieber|My dad is a Chatty Cathy, the social butterfly; friendly; knows everybody in the whole world by six degrees; tells me that every performance is the greatest he's ever seen, every new outfit is the coolest. Constant cheerleader.
Nicholas A. McGirr, Life of Death|Death truly does have life, and walks with and lives through us everyday.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|You can truly live if you can see yourself centuries after you have died. Just imagine it. What will people remember about you, how will your grave look like? How will your children live, etc.
Sunday Adelaja|If we don’t do anything to change the lives of our people and our country, we live a vain life
John Yokoyama, When Fish Fly: Lessons for Creating a Vital and Energized Workplace from the World Famous Pike Place Fish Market|For you the cup isn't half full or half empty, you're always topping it up.
Suzanne Kelman, The Rejected Writers' Book Club|The face that greeted me, however, was far from welcoming, it was a miniature stick insect of a woman with wiry white hair and enormous glasses that emphasized her heavily wrinkled face. She blinked twice and looked me up and down. By the look on her face, she wasn’t that impressed with what she saw. “Who is it, Ethel?”She responded, “It’s some homeless woman. She looks like she needs money and a good wash.” And I thought I’d already reached the lowest point of my day.
Amani Al-Khatahtbeh, Muslim Girl: A Coming of Age Story|I started to see the bigger picture of things: Islam was not relegated to the tiny, sometimes frustrating and seemingly arbitrary details of practice, but rather entered the larger picture of spirituality and worship that contextualized my womanhood. In order to be able to derive these logical conclusions about my religion, I had to go back to the basics and understand the very fundamental principles upon which it was founded: justice, social equality, racial equality, financial equality, and, possibly most important of all, gender equality. Thus began my lifelong love affair with Islamic feminism.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|You want to tell a story? Grow a heart. Grow two. Now, with the second heart, smash the first one into bits.
Dave Eggers, Your Fathers, Where Are They? And the Prophets, Do They Live Forever?|What happens when you don't know the truth but you can't believe the lies, when you can't find a way--through fact or fiction--to give meaning to your own existence? Without a narrative for your own life, do you ever really exist at all?
Tom Ford|I grew up reading the newspapers, mostly the sports section. I was a wrestler and would check to see if I was ranked.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Because if I let myself feel the pain and the anger, I think it might kill me. Or I might kill someone else. I know it's wrong to feel that way about God and I know its's wrong to not feel anything. I hate it. I don't hate God. I hate not loving Him.
Fernando Pessoa|All I’ve ever done is dream. That, and only that, has been the meaning of my existence. The only thing I’ve ever really cared about is my inner life. My greatest griefs faded to nothing the moment I opened the window onto my inner self and lost myself in watching.I never tried to be anything other than a dreamer. I never paid any attention to people who told me to go out and live. I belonged always to whatever was far from me and to whatever I could never be. Anything that was not mine, however base, always seemed to be full of poetry. The only thing I ever loved was pure nothingness.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Generosity is a mark of bravery, so all Sioux boys were taught to be generous.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|When Nike says, just do it, that's a message of empowerment. Why aren't the rest of us speaking to young people in a voice of inspiration?
Debasish Mridha|When you are conscious, try to develop an acute awareness about the mysterious aspects of our being, our consciousness.
H.L. Balcomb|So distracting, so complete is she that she is gone before many realize that she had no escort, she was alone, a parade of one.
Sharon Salzberg, The Force of Kindness: Change Your Life with Love & Compassion|We are all too often told by someone that we are too old, too young, too different, too much the same, and those comments can be devastating.
Warren Buffett|On the whole, men are more good than bad; that, however, isn't the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue; the most incorrigible vice being that of an ignorance that fancies it knows everything and therefore claims for itself the right to kill. The soul of the murderer is blind; and there can be no true goodness nor true love without the utmost clear-sightedness.
Meia Geddes, The Little Queen|Cutting down a wall, the wall sawyer could feel the tension in a home ease and something windy rush in circles round her feet. It was addictive, each a sweet victory of art. The tumbling motion of a falling wall was like a volcanic eruption fading into a mountain of roses. The wall sawyer felt a loving animosity toward walls. “You must pay attention to your obsessions, where life and love intersect,” she told the little queen. 
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|if youdon't want toend up insomeone else'spoem,then maybeyou shouldstarttreatingpeoplebetterfor achange.- an unapologetic poet.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Words got in the way. The things we felt the hardest--like what it was like to have a boy touch you as if you were made of light, or what it meant to be the only person in the room who wasn't noticed--weren't sentences; they were knots in the wood of our bodies, places where our blood flowed backward. If you asked me, not that anyone ever did, the only words worth saying were I'm sorry.
Sam Owen|We are responsible for our own relationships, their successes, their failures, the good times, the bad times. Take responsibility for creating the relationships that you desire.
Richard Russo, Empire Falls|He’d meant to forgive his brother, maybe even imagined he had. He’d also meant to learn to trust him, but instead merely fell into the habit of waiting for him to fuck up again.
John Connolly, The Wolf in Winter|Whether you are an astronomer or a life scientist, geophysicist, or a pilot, you've got to be there because you believe you are good in your field, and you can contribute, not because you are going to get a lot of fame or whatever when you get back.
Blaise Pascal, The Thoughts of Blaise Pascal|I have no resentments, no complaints, no ax to grind. I simply feel what I feel and do what I do.
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|I was feeling lonely without her, but the fact that I could feel lonely at all was consolation. Loneliness wasn't such a bad feeling. It was like the stillness of the pin oak after the little birds had flown off.
John Sladek|The future, according to some scientists, will be exactly like the past, only far more expensive.
Rob Brezsny|All of us need to be in touch with a mysterious, tantalizing source of inspiration that teases our sense of wonder and goads us on to life’s next adventure.
Michael Jordan|Innovation has nothing to do with how many R & D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R & D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
Seneca, On the Shortness of Life|Authority—when abused through micromanagement, intimidation, or verbal or nonverbal threats—makes people shut down & productivity ceases.
Anthony Pan|Don’t cluster too much plans to do within a relatively minimum time. As beginner, you must not cut your coat according to your elder brother’s size. Know your limit.
Julianna Keyes, Just Once|It's fine, but don't ask me to strip again or I'm going to wonder what your intentions really are.
Edward Fahey, Entertaining Naked People|The back of the church was raised up from the ground. Tossed in among its supports were what looked like moldering bones.My heart ached so much for these poor souls, neglected even after death, I turned away to head back, but managed only a few burdened steps.I drew up abruptly and froze.An old, worn marker, standing off by itself, grabbed at my heart.It was Edgar Alan Poe.He fit in so perfectly there. Maybe I did, too. His sorrow and pain ate through me as I stood, head lowered. Can’t even death let us step away from our darkness? It was like he was scratching a warning into the dirt with his finger, and meant it specifically for me. Don’t wait around for sermons to wash you clean, he seemed to say, for death or drugs to close your eyes. God won’t come roaring in with fresh troops to drive away the darkness we’ve walled our own souls up in. He didn’t put us there; we’ll have to dig ourselves out.I looked at my own life as I stood there, feeling buried alive, like some of his characters.But unlike his characters I had caught a flash of hope.
Paula Stokes, Vicarious|Your body is a complete marvel. The more you study its anatomy and how each part works in harmony, the more you will be convinced that you didn't just evolve. You were designed from the beginning by the hand of a Master.
K. Hari Kumar, A Game of Gods|You will breathe throughout your life, every moment of it, but an opportunity like this comes once in a lifetime, and not even to everyone. Go for it!
Abhijit Naskar|Any religion that does not evolve with time, either gets destroyed or destroys the world.
Suzanne Brockmann|Elections are also about the future - the pledges that we are making for this country. For those who care about equality and fairness in the UK, and beyond, Labour really is the only choice.
Nena|Panic bells, it's red alertThere's something hereFrom somewhere elseThe war machine springs to lifeOpens up one eager eyeFocusing it on the skyWhere 99 red balloons go by
Debasish Mridha|Unconditional love is most beautiful in any culture, in any society.
Susan Scott, Fierce Leadership: A Bold Alternative to the Worst "Best" Practices of Business Today|its key components are action and practice, which in turn prompt success, which refuels motivation. Figure
Madison Thorne Grey, Sorrah|He waited at her side, staring... hovering. She had the distinct impression this man wasn't used to being disobeyed. My, but he was an irritating sea captain.
Geraldine Brooks, March|I reached for her, pushing back the fall of hair-it was heavy and thick and smooth to the touch-and tilted her chin so that the moonlight shone on her wet face. We married each other that night, there on a bed of fallen pine needles-even today, the scent of pitch-pine stirs me-with Henry's distant flute for a wedding march and the arching white birch boughs for our basilica. At first, she quivered like an aspen, and I was ashamed at my lack of continence, yet I could not let go of her. I felt like Peleus on the beach, clinging to Thetis, only to find that, suddenly, it was she who held me; that same furnace in her nature that had flared up in anger blazed again, in passion.
لطيفة الحاج|Stars are shining, my dreams too
Oliver Goldsmith|If I get married, I think I'd pick out a newspaperman rather than a millionaire. A newspaperman is a regular fellow.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|In the movie business, the ones we call Lucky are usually those idiots who are just too damn stubborn to take no for an answer. Come to think of it, the movie business is kind of like life.
Mark W. Boyer|It matters not how fast light may travel, darkness shall always be there awaiting its arrival.
Ray Bradbury|For the most appalling quality of water is its strength. I love its flash and gleam, its music, its pliancy and grace, its slap against my body; but I fear its strength. I fear it as my ancestors must have feared the natural forces that they worshipped. All the mysteries are in its movement. It slips out of holes in the earth like the ancient snake. I have seen its birth; and the more I gaze at that sure and inremitting surge of water at the very top of the mountain, the more I am baffled. We make it all so easy, any child in school can understand it – water rises in the hills, it flows and finds its own level, and man can't live without it. Bud I don't understand it. I cannot fathom its power.
Lisa Kleypas, Seduce Me at Sunrise|I'm not good enough for you. But no one is. And most men, good or bad, have limits to what they would do, even for someone they love. I have none. No God, no moral code, no faith in anything. Except you. You're my religion. I would do anything you asked. I would fight, steal, kill for you."-Kev to Win
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|It is easy, from a safe distance, to overlook the fact that in undercities governed by corruption, where exhausted people vie on scant terrain for very little, it is blisteringly hard to be good.
Jason Leclerc, Momentitiousness|Outside of the usual bar or nightclub, it's not every day that I get a drink bought for me-at least not by strangers and certainly not on a workday. On that Saturday, in September 2010, it was from three separate individuals.
Emily Giffin|As everyone applauds and sips champagne, I smile back at Rachel, thinking she got it just right. Love and friendship. They are what makes us who we are and what can change us, if we let them.
Edith Wharton, The Writing of Fiction|Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|That was the thing. You never got used to it, the idea of someone being gone. Just when you think it's reconciled, accepted, someone points it out to you, and it just hits you all over again, that shocking.
B.D. Jordan, A Calling Dream|Loving yourself costs nothing, but not loving yourself could cost you everything.
David Byrne|According to the science writer Philip Ball, when it was pointed out to musicologist Deryck Cookethat Slavic and much Spanish music use minor keys for happy music, he claimed that their liveswere so hard that they didn’t really know what happiness was anyway.
Michel de Montaigne|Criticism involves taking a position, Mr. Day. How long has it been since you took a considered position on anything important?
Paolo Bacigalupi, The Drowned Cities|Pain held no terror for him. Pain was, if not friend, then family, something he had grown up with in his crèche, learning to respect but never yield to. Pain was simply a message, telling him which limbs he could still use to slaughter his enemies, how far he could still run, and what his chances were in the next battle.
Andrea Dworkin|I need the money, people are very coy about money, and the ladies arent just coy, they are sci fi about money……people ask, well, dont sweet things happen? yes, indeed, many sweet things, but sweet doesnt keep you from dying, making love doesnt keep you from dying unless you get paid, writing doesnt keep you from dying unless you get paid, being wise doesnt keep you from dying unless you get paid, facts are facts, being poor makes you face facts which also does not keep you from dying.
Patrick Swayze|The Christian's Bible is a drug store. Its contents remain the same, but the medical practice changes.
Tom Shadyac|What underlies great science is what underlies great art, whether it is visual or written, and that is the ability to distinguish patterns out of chaos.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
Johnny Iuzzini|What good is telling America's children that they will have equal opportunity for education if they don't have the skills that will even get them to the point of benefiting from education, because they didn't have the child care, the health care that would enable them to grow as strong and constructive human beings?
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Erotic attraction often serves as the catalyst for an intimate connection between two people, but it is not a sign of love. Exciting, pleasurable sex can take place between two people who do not even know each other. Yet the vast majority of males in our society are convinced that their erotic longing indicates who they should, and can, love. Led by their penis, seduced by erotic desire, they often end up in relationships with partners with whom they share no common interests of values.
Frederick Douglass|Those who profess to favor freedom and yet depreciate agitation, are people who want crops without ploughing the ground; they want rain without thunder and lightning; they want the ocean without the roar of its many waters. The struggle may be a moral one, or it may be a physical one, or it may be both. But it must be a struggle. Power concedes nothing without a demand. It never did and it never will.
Michael Keaton|Have I ever been to a party with a ton of famous people in it? Yes, several times, so I guess that's a Hollywood lifestyle.
Hanzi Freinacht, The Listening Society: A Metamodern Guide to Politics, Book One|In plain English, you need to wrestle the doubts and accusations that it’s all just bullshit. And, needless to say, the majority of the work of the triple-H population is undeniably so. The reason that it’s so valuable to society is just that some of it isn’t bullshit and even a small percentage of genuine innovations of software, culture or lifestyle can have a huge impact. Still, you never quite know if you are the bullshitter or the hero, or if you are being sold utter bullshit.
Nora Ephron, When Harry Met Sally|Harry Burns: You realize of course that we could never be friends. Sally Albright: Why not? Harry Burns: What I'm saying is - and this is not a come-on in any way, shape or form - is that men and women can't be friends because the sex part always gets in the way. Sally Albright: That's not true. I have a number of men friends and there is no sex involved. Harry Burns: No you don't. Sally Albright: Yes I do. Harry Burns: No you don't. Sally Albright: Yes I do. Harry Burns: You only think you do. Sally Albright: You say I'm having sex with these men without my knowledge? Harry Burns: No, what I'm saying is they all WANT to have sex with you. Sally Albright: They do not. Harry Burns: Do too. Sally Albright: They do not. Harry Burns: Do too. Sally Albright: How do you know? Harry Burns: Because no man can be friends with a woman that he finds attractive. He always wants to have sex with her. Sally Albright: So, you're saying that a man can be friends with a woman he finds unattractive? Harry Burns: No. You pretty much want to nail 'em too. Sally Albright: What if THEY don't want to have sex with YOU? Harry Burns: Doesn't matter because the sex thing is already out there so the friendship is ultimately doomed and that is the end of the story. Sally Albright: Well, I guess we're not going to be friends then. Harry Burns: I guess not. Sally Albright: That's too bad. You were the only person I knew in New York.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|Never settle... go after your dreams aggressively. Ignore the doubters, step over them. Stay focus on your prize.
Ralph Ellison, Juneteenth|God is love, I said, but art's the possibility of forms, and shadows are the source of identity.
Cornelius Van Til|When one of my friends becomes a Christian, which happens about every 10 years because I am a sheep about sharing my faith, the experience is euphoric. I see in their eyes the trueness of the story.
Yeardley Smith|Forget romantic fiction, a survey has found that most women would rather read a good book than go shopping, have sex, or sleep.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you reach out to those you need to forgive, it is you that will be touched and healed.
Tony Hoagland|There isn’t a word for walking out of the grocery storewith a gallon jug of milk in a plastic sackthat should have been bagged in double layers—so that before you are even out the dooryou feel the weight of the jug draggingthe bag down, stretching the thinplastic handles longer and longerand you know it’s only a matter of time untilbottom suddenly splits.There is no single, unimpeachable wordfor that vague sensation of somethingmoving away from youas it exceeds its elastic capacity —which is too bad, because that is the wordI would like to use to describe standing on the streetchatting with an old friendas the awareness grows in me that he isno longer a friend, but only an acquaintance,a person with whom I never made the effort—until this moment, when as we say goodbyeI think we share a feeling of relief, a recognition that we have reachedthe end of a pretense, though to tell the truthwhat I already am thinking aboutis my gratitude for language—how it will stretch just so much and no farther;how there are some holes it will not cover up;how it will move, if not inside, thenaround the circumference of almost anything—how, over the years, it has given meback all the hours and days, all theplodding love and faith, all themisunderstandings and secretsI have willingly poured into it.
Dr. Joyce Brothers|Being asked one day what was the surest way of remaining happy in this world  the Emperor Sigismund of Germany replied: "Only do in health what you have promised to do when you were sick."
Elie Wiesel, Dawn|His sadness was almost palpable, like moisture in the air before it rains. Although this was Manchester, it was probably about to rain anyway.
Kirsten Beyer, Full Circle|We are always getting ready to live, but never living.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|The desire for excellence becomes a reality when an individual sets a standard, reach it and surpass it consistently.
Joseph Conrad|Searching my heart for its true sorrow, This is the thing I find to be: That I am weary of words and people, Sick of the city, wanting the sea.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|You don't mince words.""Just garlic.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|There's that horrible-beautiful moment, that bitter-sweet impasse where you know that somebody is bullshitting you but they're doing it with such panache and conviction...no, it's because they say exactly what you want to hear, at that point in time.
Mark Hyman|Calories from protein affect your brain, your appetite control center, so you are more satiated and satisfied.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The ‘No Excuses’ mindset is not only composed of net worth, but also self worth and network.
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind|Like completing a run, living today begins with preparation, planning, and prayer.
George Eastman|If you are out there shooting, things will happen for you. If you’re not out there, you’ll only hear about it.
Robert Brault|Today I bent the truth to be kind, and I have no regret, for I am far surer of what is kind than I am of what is true.
Nelou Keramati|And to think of all the colors in the world, blood chose to be red.
Mary E. Pearson, The Miles Between|Then I glanced at the ring on my finger.The Snake That Eats Its Own Tail, Forever and Ever. I know where I came from—but where did all you zombies come from?I felt a headache coming on, but a headache powder is one thing I do not take. I did once—and you all went away.So I crawled into bed and whistled out the light.You aren’t really there at all. There isn’t anybody but me—Jane—here alone in the dark.I miss you dreadfully!
Patrick Jennings, We Can't All Be Rattlesnakes|It is not necessary to have an extravagant food budget in order to serve things with variety and tastefully cooked. It is not necessary to have expensive food on the plates before they can enter the dining room as things of beauty in colour and texture. Food should be served with real care as to the colour and texture on the plates, as well as with imaginative taste. This is where artistic talent and aesthetic expression and fulfillment come in.
Louise Rozett, Confessions of an Almost-Girlfriend|Spirituality is not primarily about values and ethics, not about exhortations to do right or live well. The spiritual traditions are primarily about reality...an effort to penetrate the illusions of the external world and to name its underlying truth.
Howard Tayler|Maxim 36: When the going gets tough, the tough call for close air support.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Dan S. Kennedy|An empty bottle of Jack is almost just as beautiful as a new and unopened bottle...in the same sense as looking down at muddied feet, and looking back the way you came. The journey you've taken to get to this point, the experiences and sights and music listened to, the shit scrolled down on paper. An empty bottle may hold more promise than a full one in that regard...
Jennifer Mason-Black, Devil and the Bluebird|But one has to ask: why do the big things at such a high cost? I chose the quiet life. I like the idea of being recognized by my field and no one else. This way I have a purpose, one I believe in, but I'm not burdened by the constant idea of putting on a public image, a view of myself the masses can accept. Nobody cares whether I'm fat or cheat on my taxes. It is not the only right kind of life, of course, but it is the honest life for me. What I'm saying is, I make the right choices for myself.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Rather than critique people, try admiring God’s creative handiwork.
Maarten Schäfer, Around The World in 80 Brands|A story, I had learned, through my own constant knitting and reknitting of remembered words, can lead us back to ourselves, to our lost innocence, and in the shadow it casts over our present world, we begin to understand what we only intuited in our naivete-that while all else may vanish, love is our one eternity.
Hester Young|I don't know when and I don't know how, but you'll get through this. And you'll kick life in the balls just as hard as it's kicked you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Gray hairs signify old age, not wisdom.Muscles signify strength, not health.Laughter signifies amusement, not joy.Weeping signifies pain, not weakness.Smiling signifies courteousness, not love.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|The heroin flowing through me, I thought about the last time I saw my father alive. He was drunk and overweight in a restaurant in Beverly Hills, and curling into myself on the bed I thought: What if I had done something that day? I had just sat passively in a restaurant booth as the midday light filled the half-empty dining room, pondering a decision. The decision was: should you disarm him? That was the word I remember: disarm. Should you tell him something that might not be the truth but would get the desired reaction? And what was I going to convince him of, even though it was a lie? Did it matter? Whatever it was, it would constitute a new beginning. The immediate line: You’re my father and I love you. I remember staring at the white tablecloth as I contemplated saying this. Could I actually do it? I didn’t believe it, and it wasn’t true, but I wanted it to be. For one moment, as my father ordered another vodka (it was two in the afternoon; this was his fourth) and started ranting about my mother and the slump in California real estate and how “your sisters” never called him, I realized it could actually happen, and that by saying this I would save him. I suddenly saw a future with my father. But the check came along with the drink and I was knocked out of my reverie by an argument he wanted to start and I simply stood up and walked away from the booth without looking back at him or saying goodbye and then I was standing in sunlight. Loosening my tie as a parking valet pulled up to the curb in the cream-colored 450 SL. I half smiled at the memory, for thinking that I could just let go of the damage that a father can do to a son. I never spoke to him again.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|God, grant me strength to accept those things I cannot change.
Mark Sanborn|The test of leadership is, is anything or anyone better because of you?
Alex Gino, George|In our folk nobody has any experience of youth, there’s barely even any time for being a toddler. The children simply don’t have any time in which they might be children........Indeed... there’s simply no way that we would be able to provide our children with a viable childhood, one that is real. Naturally, there are consequences. There’s a certain ever present, not to be liquidated childishness that permeates our folk; We often act in ways that are totally and utterly ridiculous and, indeed, precisely like children we do things that are crazy, letting loose with our assets in a manner that is bereft of all rationality, prodigious in our celebrations, partaking in a light-headed frivolousness that is divorced from all sensibility, and often enough all simply for the sake of some small token of fun, so much do we love having our small amusements. But our folk isn’t only childish, to a certain extent we also age prematurely, childhood and old age mix themselves differently with us than by others. We don’t have any youth, we jump right away into maturity and, then, we remain grown-ups for too long and as a consequence to this there’s a broad shadow of a certain tiredness and a sort of hopelessness that colours our essential nature, a nature that as a whole is otherwise so tenacious and permeated by hope, strong hope. This, no doubt, this is related to why we’re so disinclined toward music—we’re too old for music, so much excitement, so much passion doesn’t sit well with our heaviness;
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|I think that the event which, more than anything else, led me to the search for ways of making more powerful radio telescopes, was the recognition, in 1952, that the intense source in the constellation of Cygnus was a distant galaxy—1000 million light years away. This discovery showed that some galaxies were capable of producing radio emission about a million times more intense than that from our own Galaxy or the Andromeda nebula, and the mechanisms responsible were quite unknown. ... [T]he possibilities were so exciting even in 1952 that my colleagues and I set about the task of designing instruments capable of extending the observations to weaker and weaker sources, and of exploring their internal structure.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning you begin a new day, and it is the first day of the rest of your life.
Ally Carter, Uncommon Criminals|Fear is a weakness. It makes a person lose her nerve and her cool. It makes people jumpy and organizations nervous, and when that happens, there is always a chance to take advantage.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|Coffee, my delight of the morning; yoga, my delight of the noon. Then before nightfall, I run along the pleasant paths of the Jardin du Luxembourg. For when air cycles through the lungs, and the body is busy at noble tasks, creativity flows like water in a stream: the artist creates, the writer writes.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|I’m faster than the rest of you, if .. Because I’m a vampire,” Michael said, and it was some kind of breakthrough for him to say that. “If you get in trouble, I’ll be there.”“Nice,” Shane said. “I’m warming up to this bloodsucking thing, Mikey.”“No, you’re not.”“Okay, no, I’m not, but right now let’s pretend I am.
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|Dim loneliness came imperceivably into the fields and he turned back. The birds piped oddly; some wind was caressing the higher foliage, turning it all one way, the way home. Telegraph poles ahead looked like half-used pencils; the small cross on the steeple glittered with a sharp and shapely permanence.
Jean C.J. d'Elbée, I Believe in Love: A Personal Retreat Based on the Teaching of St. Therese of Lisieux|Then keep your confidence in the infinite mercy of the Savior. Say, like one mother I know who was distressed by the conduct of her children, 'Jesus, You love them too much not to save them.' Thank Him in advance for the Heaven which He is preparing for them...but, and this is very, very important--while you are suffering, wait in peace for the time of Jesus, the time chosen by Him to grant your request. He will perhaps make you wait a long time, precisely as a proof of your confidence...tell Him whatever your trial, that with His grace nothing will make you lose your profound peace, because you are sure of Him.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|Inside all of us is a light, but some beacons are darker than others, and some are so dark they never realize they are a form of light at all.
Terry Eagleton|In the social production which men carry on they enter into definite relations that are indispensable and independent of their will; these relations of production correspond to a definite stage of development of their material powers of production. The sum total of these relations of production constitutes the economic structure of society—the real foundation, on which rise legal and political superstructures and to which correspond definite forms of social consciousness. The mode of production in material life determines the general character of the social, political and spiritual processes of life. It is not the consciousness of men that determines their existence, but, on the contrary, their social existence determines their consciousness.
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|As one old gentleman put it, " Son, I don't care if you're stark nekkid and wear a bone in your nose. If you kin fiddle, you're all right with me. It's the music we make that counts.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|You're incredibly, absolutely, extremely, supremely, unbelievably different.
Jorge Luis Borges|I think that we should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe and believe to be fraught with death, unless they so imminently threaten immediate interference with the lawful and pressing purposes of the law that an immediate check is required to save the country.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a chic and an honorable full victory, you must make your own fight and win your own battle entirely by yourself! Try to refuse any help to get a pure victory, a victory which belongs merely to yourself!
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|I love shark week, all kids swim for free
Mark  Jackman, There's Something About Dying|Probably your biggest mistake was doing funk-dance to Unchained Melody,” the dog offered earnestly. “It’s a ballad, Alf, and to be honest, it’s one of the slowest songs I can think of. You’d have been better off doing a slow waltz to something with that tempo. The other factor may have been the large amount of beer you consumed beforehand.
David McCullough, Brave Companions|I wrote Unwind for lots of reasons, and it poses questions about alot of subjects. To state it briefly, I wanted to point out how when peopletake intractable positions on an issue, and stick to extreme sides,sometimes the result is a compromise that is worse than either extreme. Imeant it as a wake up call to society -- and to point out that sometimes theproblem IS that we take sides on an issue, when a different sort of approachis needed. It's also to pose questions about what it means to be alive.Where does life begin, where does it end -- and point out that there is nosingle answer to these questions. The problem is people who think there aresimple answers. People who see things as simple black-and-whiteright-and-wrong are the type of people who will end up with a world like theworld in Unwind.
Hugh Jackman|Two of my grandparents died in a car crash. Sucks, 'cause they would have lived to a hundred.
Thurgood Marshall|Personally, fresh air and exercise help me stay healthy and make me feel great!
Matt Wallace, Lustlocked|And try as we might, small magic never seems to win out over giant meat.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Just like love becomes consummated upon the attainment of orgasm, all the faith and divinity in the world reach their ultimate existential potential upon the attainment of Absolute Unitary Qualia or simply Absolute Godliness.
Confucius|To study and constantly, is this not a pleasure? To have friends come from far away places, is this not a joy? If people do not recognize your worth, but this does not worry you, are you not a true gentleman?
Chuck Bridges|What would Jesus do" is a good thing but it would be better if we did not leave it so open and asked What did Jesus Do?
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Humans are amazing ritual animals, and it must be understood that the Tzutujil, nor any other real intact people, do not 'practice' rituals. Just as a bear must turn over stumps searching for beetles, real humans can only live life spiritually. Birth itself was a ritual: there was not a ritual for birth, or a ritual for death, or a ritual for marriage, for death was a ritual, life a ritual, cooking a ritual, and eating were all rituals with ceremonial guidelines, all of which fed life. Sleeping was a ritual, lovemaking was a ritual, sowing, cultivating, harvesting, storing food were rituals, even sweeping, insulting, fighting were rituals, everything human was a ritual, and to all Tzutujil, ritual was plant-oriented and based on feeding some big Holy ongoing vine-like, tree-like, proceedance that fed us it's fruit.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Been under treatment for PTSD and bipolar since 1992. I’m not ashamed of my illness. I’ve been shunned by many and I feel for those shunned, too.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Sword|The fact that Man is Nature’s perverse instantiation can only lead to the appalling conclusion that Man, too, is some kind of an artificial intelligence
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|What you still need to know is this: before a dream is realized, the Soul of the World tests everything that was learned along the way. It does this not because it is evil, but so that we can, in addition to realizing our dreams, master the lessons we’ve learned as we’ve moved toward that dream. That’s the point at which most people give up. It’s the point at which, as we say in the language of the desert, one ‘dies of thirst just when the palm trees have appeared on the horizon.’ “Every search begins with beginner’s luck. And every search ends with the victor’s being severely tested.
Blake Lively|Like a lot of you, I grew up in a family on the ragged edges of the middle class. My daddy sold carpeting and ended up as a maintenance man. After he had a heart attack, my mom worked the phones at Sears so we could hang on to our house.
Kelly  Oliver, Wolf|I wasn't in danger today," I tell him in a choked voice. "I escaped danger today." And I did... I feel like the whole day has been an electrical shock, paddles straight to my heart, bringing me out of a lifelong torpor I hadn't even known I was in. "I escaped," I repeat.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|The advantage of living is not measured by length, but by use; some men have lived long, and lived little; attend to it while you are in it. It lies in your will, not in the number of years, for you to have lived enough.
Neil Abramson|I was raised to believe that God speaks in the language of sacrifice," he told me, "You are expected to sacrifice because it is the measure of the depth of your belief...
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|The greatest battle you must undertake, the foremost battle you must wage, the most important battle that there is, is the battle of courage versus fear – and there can be only one victor – that victor must be you and courage, or it shall be the dark side and death.
Amy Engel, The Book of Ivy|Even when or if I become one of you, I vow to appreciate life; to appreciate my strength because unlike you, it seems, I’ve worked to earn mine
Dada Bhagwan|When can one’s soul acknowledge (accept)? When one has an ‘open mind’. This [Akram Vignan] is not something one has to keep faith in. Faith should arise automatically. Regardless of whether I rebuke or scold you, even then faith should come within you.
Lindsay Duncan|Dying peacefully means to avoid any immediate cause for anger, fear, or strong desire.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All of life is an amphitheater where we each serve as an appreciative member of the audience until the sublime play ends with our death. The chapters and verses in our life story reflect what we value – how appreciative we are for our time to work, play, laugh, cry, and create.
David Horsey|I think I have a normal threshold of anger, but it's true that I am, by nature, belligerent.
S.P. Miskowski|Her face was a grimace of surprised pain as she slid unconscious down the back of the tub and under the water. I held her under for several minutes after the blow, watching as the water went pink, then red, and finally crimson with blood.
Sidney Knight, Alex|Writhing bodies fused as one on the dance floor, limbs tingling, lungs drunk on the lust-filled air.
Elle King|I seem to get into situations that make people laugh, but I don't consider myself that funny of a person. I'm not witty. I'm kind of slow in conversations. I'm not that articulate with jokes. The first time I made stuff and screened it for an audience, I was surprised what people were laughing at.
Bernard Dsa, Sweet Temptations|It was about having a box in the attic or basement or attic or garage, something we could return to over and over again, something that said, this is us, this is where we were last year, and this is where we'll stay, and this is where we'll pile on the memories, over and over again, until there are so many memories that it's blinding, the brightness of family, the way love and nurturing is like a color you can't name because it's so new.
Connie Brockway, The Bridal Season|She clutched the train ticket tighter and waited for the sense of escape to come over her as it had a dozen times before, that heady sensation of having just scooted through the clanging gate, of eluding the thrown net. It didn't come. She was running again, but she wasn't escaping. She'd been chased to ground a long, long time ago.
Angela Bettis|My theory of characterization is basically this: Put some dirt on a hero, and put some sunshine on the villain, one brush stroke of beauty on the villain.
M.T. Bass|While victors may get to write history, novelists get to write/right reality.
M.D. Lachlan, Fenrir|There is a moment between waking and sleeping and between sleeping and waking when the mind seems to be in many places at once, when memories mingle with dreams, when what has been and what is yet to be exist side by side, and when the mind slips free of time and personality to wander in strange halls where the familiar and the strange become indistinguishable and ghosts and visions walk hand in hand. Aelis tumbled toward sleep and fell into this place, to the mind's borderlands, where magic is.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Places, like people, are complex, and loving them isn't simple.
Juan Antonio Samaranch|There is no tragedy in missing a putt, no matter how short. All have erred in this respect.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Make no mistake: if you want to make it as an entrepreneur, you simply can’t do it on your own. This is a nonnegotiable!
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Call Me Irresistible|I sure do miss that woman. Smart. Funny. Sweet. She never gave me a moment's trouble.""Gosh, I'm sorry about that. I knew it was boring between you two, but not that bad.
Lorraine Gokul|Love is photogenic, it develops in the dark.
Donna Grant, The Hero|Look at me, Nat. I won’t bite.”	There was a long pause before he said, “Hard.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The Path of Love, the path of Bhakti Yoga, is the path of Jesus Christ.Love is not a technique.Love knows no technique, so the path of love has no method or technique. If you bring technique to the path of love, you will destroy love.The whole existence is love, and the birds need no technique to love, trees need no technique to love the mountains need no technique to love. Love only needs that you drop the ego, and drop into your heart. It is just like a rose flower opening. You need not open it, it has the capacity to open already. The capacity is intrinsic, and of it's own accord the rose flower will open - and in the same way the heart opens.The heart needs no technique, the heart needs no training.Jesus says: "God is love". If you can love, it will happen by itself.Jesus path is the way of love, of prayer. It is a deep love for the whole existence.
Todd Phillips|That's a funny thing, fame. People definitely do treat you differently. When you begin to be successful, people say, 'Don't go changing.' Well, that's easy to say, but the fact is, you don't change at all - other people do.
Jim Barksdale|With no fact as a referent, what is normative is purely a matter of preference.
Lucy R. Lippard, Overlay: Contemporary Art and the Art of Prehistory|Is it me you're describing, or yourself?
Julianne Hough|You hear certain things, negative things, all the time that aren't true, but you never hear about the positive.
