E.B. White, Charlotte's Web|Why did you do all this for me?' he asked. 'I don't deserve it. I've never done anything for you.' 'You have been my friend,' replied Charlotte. 'That in itself is a tremendous thing.
Craig Sager|The great thing coming from sports is you understand the concept of a team. It leaves no room for being selfish, and that's something I picked up from home.
Hulk Hogan|I think there's a lot projected on beautiful women, period. At least, maybe this is just my fear, but I do sometimes feel dismissed before I've even been allowed to participate. I have moments of feeling really wounded. But I am pretty optimistic, and I do enjoy a lot of my life.
W. Bruce Cameron, A Dog's Purpose|A cat's rage is beautiful, burning with pure cat flame, all its hair standing up and crackling blue sparks, eyes blazing and sputtering.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|A few of us always compared anything good to: ' Isn't it just like camp?' When we first got married, we asked each other, 'Was your honeymoon good?' 'Yeah. It was just like camp.
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|If sleep wasn't necessary, I would have used those 8 hours to gaze at you.
Meg Salter, Mind Your Life: How Mindfulness Can Build Resilience and Reveal Your Extraordinary|Don’t wait for tomorrow. Tomorrow may be too late. If we know how to live according to the insight of impermanence, we will not make many mistakes. We can be happy right now. We can love our beloved, care for her, and make her happy today. And we won’t run toward the future, losing our life, which is available only in the present moment.
Edward Brooke|There must be freedom for all to live, to think, to worship, no book, no avenue must be closed.
Andrew Shaffer|Life is a great novel, discovering your calling is the far better sequel
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Aristocracy naturally leads the human mind to the contemplation of the past, and fixes it there. Democracy, on the contrary, gives men a sort of instinctive distaste for what is ancient. In this respect aristocracy is far more favorable to poetry; for things commonly grow larger and more obscure as they are more remote; and, for this two-fold reason, they are better suited to the delineation of the ideal.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Although we are urged to walk in another man's shoes, I think, first, we have to walk in another pair of our own shoes. Doing that will free up a lot, including our ability to be more compassionate and less judgmental.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|... that I forgave him, and that she forgave us, and that we have to forgive to survive in the labyrinth. There were so many of us who would have to live with things done and things left undone that day. Things that did not go right, things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future. If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can't know better until knowing better is useless.
David Hoffmeister, Quantum Forgiveness: Physics, Meet Jesus|In this world we like to follow the plot, to think we know what is happening, what is coming next. But these great quantum movies are like spiritual experiences. They start to dismantle the world as we know it, and we find ourselves knowing less and less about what is happening. We do not have to know; there is a Presence behind all this that knows what It is doing. Instead of feeling nervous when things start to dismantle and fall apart, we can accept that we personally do not know, and see it as a good thing.
Harrish Sairaman|Behind everything that we do, there is always a Purpose. We are just not conscious to most of them.
Quran|Muslims pursued knowledge to the edges of the earth. Al-Biruni, the central Asian polymath, is arguably the world's first anthropologist. The great linguists of Iraq and Persia laid the foundations a thousand years ago for subjects only now coming to the forefront in language studies. Ibn Khaldun, who is considered the first true scientific historian, argued hundreds of years ago that history should be based upon facts and not myths or superstitions. The great psychologists of Islam known as the Sufis wrote treatise after treatise that rival the most advanced texts today on human psychology. The great ethicists and exegetes of Islam's past left tomes that fill countless shelves in the great libraries of the world, and many more of their texts remain in manuscript form.In the foreword of "Being Muslim. A Practical Guide" by Dr. Asad Tarsin.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|If not now, when?
Neelam Saxena Chandra|When Heaven has an earthquake you fall to your knees and feel through the rubble to find the pieces of God. When my eternal, temple-blessed marriage shattered and everything that had been meaningful lay in jumbled shards around me, I had to slowly and carefully pick up every single piece and examine it, turning it over and over, to see if it was worthy to keep and to use in building a new house of meaning. As I gathered the broken pieces of God, I used only my own authority, only my own relationship with the divine, and the good, small voice that speaks inside me, to appraise them. I threw away many, and I kept many, assembling the bright pieces into One Great Thought. I asked only, "Do I see God's fingerprints on this? Does this little piece feel godly? Does it speak of love?" That made it easy. I was forever finished with the insane attempt to love a God who hurts me. When I picked up the little pieces of God-ordained polygamy, I smiled because there was no question. I thanked the God of Love, and threw that piece away.
Catherynne M. Valente, Silently and Very Fast|The burnt-off connectors and shadows where Ravan once filled my spaces— those, I think, are the sensations of grief.
Lola Stark, Tattered Love|Oh God, I’ve unleashed a monster, haven’t I?”“Nope. Just a red-blooded man, darlin’.
James Carlos Blake, The House of Wolfe: A Border Noir|My liberty depends on you being free, too.
Sarah Purdy Gilman|This is me figuring good behavior is for someone much younger." --Kestrel
Chancery Stone|There is a deeper, more profound reason for this craving for acceptance and glory. Put simply, it's because all writers are fat and/or ugly. And generally socially inept. Me being the notable exception, of course. Writers want to be special, because they're so not. They're losers, overgrown kids who've never escaped from being misfits and who have run away into their own imaginations in an attempt to find self-esteem. Why do you think they all star in their own books? Self included.
Cassandra Clare|when you disobey the rule, you sell your freedom. You cripple your real you. The daily direction of your life is restricted and directed by the rule and the ruling
Ann Beattie, Snow|This is a story, told the way you say stories should be told: Somebody grew up, fell in love, and spent a winter with her lover in the country. This, of course, is the barest outline, and futile to discuss. It’s as pointless as throwing birdseed on the ground while snow still falls fast. Who expects small things to survive when even the largest get lost? People forget years and remember moments. Seconds and symbols are left to sum things up: the black shroud over the pool. Love, in its shortest form, becomes a word. What I remember about all that time is one winter. The snow. Even now, saying “snow,” my lips move so that they kiss air. No mention has been made of the snowplow that seemed always to be there, scraping snow off our narrow road — an artery cleared, though neither of us could have said where the heart was.
Simon Bestwick, The Best Horror of the Year Volume Four|...there’s no magic in places. Only people, and precious little of that; less and less the older you get.
Debasish Mridha|To find happiness, love is the only way.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In an Adventure with Communists|If I had to pick another career, I'd be an optometrist for potatoes. That's where the money is.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|In front of him stood the woman of his dreams, giving him one last chance to kiss her.Reason didn’t stand a chance.
Gerard de Marigny, Nothing So Glorious|Life's to short to spend it fighting when you could be holding the one you love. And love's to rare to squnder it with petty concerns." The Apolloite groom to Rafael
Mehmet Murat ildan|With faith, you may get stuck in a very big lie and may lose the truth forever; but with doubt, you can always reach the truth!
Sudhir Ahluwalia, Holy Herbs : Modern Connections to Ancient Plants|Jewish texts compare the knowable universe to the size of a mustard seed. Similar association between God and man made in Quran, Buddhism.
Woo Myung, Nature's Flow|The idea of innovation is the idea of progress stripped of the aspirations of the Enlightenment, scrubbed clean of the horrors of the twentieth century, and relieved of its critics.
Deyth Banger|Although it's good to have talent, character is so much important because bad character is an enemy for great talent.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|August was nearly over - the month of apples and falling stars, the last care-free month for the school children. The days were not hot, but sunny and limpidly clear - the first sign of advancing autumn.
A.J. Compton, The Counting-Downers|The true test of life isn't how you cope when everything is going in your favour; it's how you deal with things that could destroy you, if you let them.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|When you love someone, you say their name different. Like it's safe inside your mouth.
Brian Greene, The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality|WHEN AUGUSTUS CAME OUT on the porch the blue pigs were eating a rattlesnake—not a very big one. It had probably just been crawling around looking for shade when it ran into the pigs. They were having a fine tug-of-war with it, and its rattling days were over.
Grace Burrowes, The Captive|Are you quite certain you won't mind having a virgin on your hands?" Not that she imagined she would remain that way for much longer. The penis pressing against her seemed to say that her time as a virgin was down to mere minutes.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Work a lifetime to pay off a house. you finally own it, and there's nobody to live in it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Nothing comes as an accomplishment instantly. Success does not come overnight. Patience is the key! Grow up and be the tree; but remember it takes dry and wet seasons to become a fruit bearer, achiever and impact maker!
Paulo Coelho|And what went wrong when other alchemists tried to make gold and were unable to do so?""They were looking only for gold his companion answered. They were seeking the treasure of their personal legend, without wanting actually to live out the personal legend.
Shinzo Abe|If the terrorists have the sympathy of people, it's much harder to find them. So we need people on our side, and that leads us to be responsible leaders of the world, show some concern with the problems.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The jar of oil, shall never run out.
Kenneth H. Cooper|If you don't have your health, you don't have anything.
Craig Krishna, The Labyrinth: Rewiring the Nodes in the Maze of your Mind|You don’t need validation or approval from anyone but yourself. Even if the entire world goes against, disagrees with or attempts to crush you, stand up for what you believe in, and stand up alone if you have to! It’s better to die while living your own truth than to live in the truth of another. Lord Krishna in the holy Bhagavad Gita pointed this out when he said;“It is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else’s life with perfection.” Integrity is the key to freedom. It’s only your own truth that can ‘set you free.’ It’s perfectly fine if your truth doesn’t match that of others because the experience of physical reality is a completely subjective one. It doesn’t make either of you wrong, as long as you’re both being true to yourselves, that’s all that matters.
Mary Karr|In New York I pretty much live in diners - I order French Fries, Diet Coke floats and lots of coffee.
Dominic Riccitello|Maybe the problem isn’t everything and everyone around you, but what lies within you.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|We are free to choose our paths, but we can't choose the consequences that come with them.
Uma Thurman|The truth is, I can never die. For I will be in everything and see you in everything and watch over you. I am your reaction in the water of a mountain lake.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Eraritjaritjaka albutjikaNkinjaba iturala albutjika ...His heart is filled with longing to turn for homeIn the heat of the sun to return home ...'Ulamba chant, Aboriginal Central Australia
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|As the year goes on, certain deputies—and others, high in public life—will appear unshaven, without coat or cravat; or they will jettison these marks of the polite man, when the temperature rises. They affect the style of men who begin their mornings with a splash under a backyard pump, and who stop off at their street-corner bar for a nip of spirits on their way to ten hours’ manual labor. Citizen Robespierre, however, is a breathing rebuketo these men; he retains his buckled shoes, his striped coat of olive green. Can it be the same coat that he wore in the first year of the Revolution? He is not profligate with coats.While Citizen Danton tears off the starched linen that fretted his thick neck, Citizen Saint-Just’s cravat grows ever higher, stiffer, more wonderful to behold. He affects a single earring, but he resembles less a corsair than a slightly deranged merchant banker.
Carl Sagan, Contact|We all have a thirst for wonder. It's a deeply human quality. Science and religion are both bound up with it. What I'm saying is, you don't have to make stories up, you don't have to exaggerate. There's wonder and awe enough in the real world. Nature's a lot better at inventing wonders than we are.
John  Adams, Letters of John Adams, Addressed to His Wife|Daughter! Get you an honest Man for a Husband, and keep him honest. No matter whether he is rich, provided he be independent. Regard the Honour and moral Character of the Man more than all other Circumstances. Think of no other Greatness but that of the soul, no other Riches but those of the Heart. An honest, Sensible humane Man, above all the Littlenesses of Vanity, and Extravagances of Imagination, labouring to do good rather than be rich, to be usefull rather than make a show, living in a modest Simplicity clearly within his Means and free from Debts or Obligations, is really the most respectable Man in Society, makes himself and all about him the most happy.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|So what, ghosts can't hurt you. That's what I thought then.
Abby Geni, The Lightkeepers|Trauma and pain are the foundations of art. I believe that. When tragedy strikes, however, a muralist or a watercolorist has the opportunity to be a human being in the moment and an artist afterward. Faced with the death of a loved one, a sculptor or portraitist can first grieve, suffer, and heal--then create. Most artists go through life this way. They can react normally to the trials and tribulations of the human experience. They can pass through the world with compassion and comradeship. They can make their art later. Outside, elsewhere, beyond. But photography is immediate. It does not offer the luxury of time. Faced with blood, death, or transformation, a photographer has no choice but to reach for the camera. An artist first, a human being afterward. Photography is a neutral record of all events, a chronicle of things both sublime and terrible. By necessity, this work is made without emotion, without connection, without love.
Robert G. Ingersoll|From my childhood I had heard read, and read the Bible myself. Morning and evening the sacred volume was opened and prayers were said. The Bible was my first history, the Jews were the first people, and the events narrated by Moses and the other inspired writers, and those predicted by prophets were the all important things. In other books were found the thoughts and dreams of men, but in the Bible were the sacred truths of God.Yet in spite of my surroundings, of my education, I had no love for God. He was so saving of mercy, so extravagant in murder, so anxious to kill, so ready to assassinate, that I hated him with all my heart. At his command, babes were butchered, women violated, and the white hair of trembling age stained with blood. This God visited the people with pestilence -- filled the houses and covered the streets with the dying and the dead -- saw babes starving on the empty breasts of pallid mothers, heard the sobs, saw the tears, the sunken cheeks, the sightless eyes, the new made graves, and remained as pitiless as the pestilence.This God withheld the rain -- caused the famine, saw the fierce eyes of hunger -- the wasted forms, the white lips, saw mothers eating babes, and remained ferocious as famine.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|When you made tons of money, had a beautiful wife and three adorable kids-when you were the envy of your community and coworkers-you had no right to behave badly. Stop whining, chin up, take Prozac, and pretend your pain isn't ravaging your soul.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|They were so thrilled when I said I’m a virgin,” I blurt out. “I’m so fucking stupid.”I start crying again, and Alex hands me a napkin. “You’re not stupid,” she says. “You simply don’t assume people mean you harm.”“Yeah, well.” I blow my nose loudly. “Last night that equaled being stupid.”“No, it means you’re normal,” Alex says.
Debasish Mridha|A simple dream, a simple thoughtCan generate actions to shake the world.
Frances Hodgson Burnett, The Shuttle|We trifle with France and labour with Germany, we sentimentalize over Italy and ecstacise over Spain- but England we love.
Debasish Mridha|Being here to witness the beauty, to learn, to be astonished, to love - is enough. Being able to create in addition is a delightful honour.
Laila Lalami, The Moor's Account|The deep map configures narratives. It is a matrix of intertexual storytelling, charting our movements through the landscape.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|When life gives you something that makes you feel afraid, that's when life gives you a chance to be brave.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Man is not what he thinks he is, he is what he hides.
Bryan Magee|It is a dreadful thing to wait and watch for the approach of death; to know that hope is gone, and recovery impossible; and to sit and count the dreary hours through long, long, nights - such nights as only watchers by the bed of sickness know. It chills the blood to hear the dearest secrets of the heart, the pent-up, hidden secrets of many years, poured forth by the unconscious helpless being before you; and to think how little the reserve, and cunning of a whole life will avail, when fever and delirium tear off the mask at last. Strange tales have been told in the wanderings of dying men; tales so full of guilt and crime, that those who stood by the sick person's couch have fled in horror and affright, lest they should be scared to madness by what they heard and saw; and many a wretch has died alone, raving of deeds, the very name of which, has driven the boldest man away.("The Drunkard's Death")
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|There are no roses in my yard: what wind brought you?But I suddenly come from far away. I was sick for a moment.No wind whatsoever brought you now.Now you’re here.What you were isn’t you, or else the whole rose would be here.
Walter Gropius|To be a Bond girl you need courage, charm, determination and feistiness.
Marilu Henner|Sometimes if you want to see a change for the better, you have to take things into your own hands.
Walter Dill Scott|Success or failure inbusiness is caused more by mental attitude even than by mentalcapacity." Banish the fear-attitude; acquire the confidentattitude. And remember that the only way to acquire it is—toacquire it.
Ann Cotton|The lessons I learned from my mother and her friends have guided me through death, birth, loss, love, failure, and achievement, on to a Fulbright scholarship and Harvard Business School. They taught me to believe that anything was possible. They have proven to be the strongest family values I could ever have imagined.
Jackie Braun, Revenge Best Served Hot|I have one promise I can make you, Kate.” He reached for her hair, coiled some of it around his hand, and used it to pull her toward him.“What’s that?” she whispered breathlessly. Not so cocky now.“You’re going to enjoy this.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Wolves eat cats for dinner. By God, I wanna be a wolf.~Kane Tyler~
Lori Goodwin|One look into your beautiful eyes, and my self-loathing soul felt envy. I had become vulnerable that instant...helpless, wanting, hating, resenting, loathing...” -Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found (Vol. #1)
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender?
Deyth Banger|Stephen King is a powerful guy, will powerful vocabulary.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|The question is why one should be so inwardly preoccupied at all. Why not reach out to others in love and solidarity or peer into the natural world for some glimmer of understanding? Why retreat into anxious introspection when, as Emerson might have said, there is a vast world outside to explore? Why spend so much time working on oneself when there is so much real work to be done?
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I am life,’ the girl said.‘What?’ he said, startled.‘To you, I am life. What are you, thirty-eight? Forty? What have you learned? Have you done anything? Look at me, look. I’m life and when you’re done with me, some of it rubs off on you. You don’t feel so old now, do you? With me here in the squib beside you.’Nick said, ‘I’m thirty-four and I don’t feel old. As a matter of fact, sitting here with you makes me feel older, not younger. Nothing is rubbing off.’‘It will,’ she said.
Sin Mils|Purple Mike promises to be an intriguing read that will teach anyone who wants to know about the highs and lows of drug addiction. Purple Mike is a legal, natural high. Enjoy reading.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|Fancourt can't write women,' said Nina dismissively. 'He tries but he can't do it. His women are all temper, tits and tampons.
Violet Cross, Survivors: Secrets|Ugh. I do not miss being your age." Sarah muttered, retracting her hand and wrinkling her nose. "It's like all teenagers have hormones coming out of their ears.
Connie Kerbs|Experience says you just can’t do it. Pride will say it’s just not worth it. Reason says it’s just too difficult, and logic says it’s too expensive. All while aspiration quickens our heartbeat, faith whispers, “you can do it,” inspiration says you will find a way, and hope fills our soul with the songs of never giving up. The satisfaction of even small success spurs us on, and the fear and thrill of it all fuels the flames of our dreams, ever brightening our path.
Erik Pevernagie|When we take the time to break free from the tyranny of Time and learn to listen to the sound of unspoken words, we discern the hot air behind the frenzy of the wheeling and dealing around. (“Wheeling and dealing »)
C.G. Jung, Psychological Types|If something’s existence is contingent upon the existence of another entity, can we truthfully call them separate beings?
C.T.|Men need to be needed. When we are needed, we feel powerful. We thrive on helping a woman who needs us.
Chandra Bobby|Women!” he muttered. “Can't live with 'em, can't escape even by killing 'em.
Solomon Ortiz|The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win.
Roger Scruton, I Drink Therefore I Am: A Philosopher's Guide to Wine|Drinking gave me a rush of confidence, and for a boy hounded by feelings of inadequacy, the buzz was a welcome relief. What was impossible to realize at the time was that I was shooting myself in the head in some strange time warp where the bullet takes many years to finally reach its target.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Beguilement|But though you’d never starve your body to wasting and still expect to go on, you starve your heart, yet act as though you can still draw on it forever without the debt ever coming due. If you fall—when you fall, you’re going to fall like a starving man.
Ayad Akhtar|The depth of any story is proportionate to the protagonist's commitment to their goal, the complexity of the problem, and the grace of the solution.
Elon Musk|Youth is not a time of life; it is a state of mind; it is not a matter of rosy cheeks, red lips and supple knees; it is a matter of the will, quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions; it is the freshness of the deep springs of life.
Ruth Nestvold, Island of Glass: The Age of Magic|Anyone who knew the recipe of the alchemists could make gold, but only the artisans of Murano could make glass so fine, one could nearly touch one's fingers together on either side; cristallo without an imperfection or blemish, clear as the sky, with a sparkle to rival that of diamonds.
Andrew Greeley|One of the things we found out as we filmed with people who dealt with chimps, and with all animals, and it's really incredible, is their levels of intelligence that we don't recognize right away.
Bernard M. Baruch|If you’re not working on the best idea right now, you’re wasting your time & money
William Paul Young, The Shack|those who are afraid of freedom are those who cannot trust us to live in them. Trying to keep the law is actually a declaration of independence, a way of keeping control
Peter Cameron, Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You|Maycomb was a tired old town, even in 1932 when I first knew it. Somehow, it was hotter then. Men's stiff collars wilted by nine in the morning. Ladies bathed before noon after their three o'clock naps. And by nightfall were like soft teacakes with frosting from sweating and sweet talcum. The day was twenty-four hours long, but it seemed longer. There's no hurry, for there's nowhere to go and nothing to buy...and no money to buy it with.
Leonard Wibberley, The Mouse That Roared|A libertarian is somebody who believes, of course, in personal liberty. And liberty is a personal thing; it is not collective. You don’t gain liberty because you belong to a group. So we don’t talk about women’s rights or gay rights or anything else. Everybody has an absolute equal right as an individual, and it comes to them naturally.
Swarnakanthi Rajapakse, The Master's Daughter|Generally, that humble piece of furniture placed on the front veranda of the house officially belonged to the man of the household; the women never slept on it.
Dejan Stojanovic|Nature is an outcry, unpolished truth; the art—a euphemism—tamed wilderness.
Paul Theroux, The Last Train to Zona Verde: My Ultimate African Safari|Someone who seems doddery is perhaps not doddery at all but only an older person absorbed in squinting concentration, as though on an ultimate trip, memorizing a scene, grateful for being alive to see it.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|I was pure, before you defiled me, and don't you forget it. As though the concept of purity is anything more than the construct of selfish, competitive men stampeding toward the women to call dibs. I'll be damned if I'm not worth stampeding toward, but the prize had better be me, hymen or no hymen.
John Irving, In One Person|Don't forget this, too: Rumors aren't interested in the unsensational story; rumors don't care what's true.
Steven Magee|Though bonobos tend to be a lot hairier than us—and they don’t build houses or churches or Pentagons like we do—these primates look and act remarkably human. They often even go beyond the merely “human,” and enter the realm of the truly “humane.
Witter Bynner, Grenstone Poems: A Sequence|She had been wrong to think it wouldn't matter that much to him, yes, he took her for granted, of course he did , but he took her for granted - not like an old coat in the corner of a dark cupboard, as she'd put it to herself , but like the very air that he breathed .
Joyce Rachelle|There will always be one or two things bothering the person next to you. And if that person happens to be looking heavenward, it’s because it helps us to remind ourselves that God is bigger than our problems.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You win when you are able to convert that time into an investment, into seeds or fruits or products of cultivating your own land or products in other people’s lives.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Starting a new chapter is much like composing the perfect photograph. You must ensure the proper components are there. You may throw out the extra, but with out the key elements the story goes untold.
John Keats|Darkling I listen; and, for many a time	 I have been half in love with easeful Death,	 Call'd him soft names in many a musèd rhyme,	 To take into the air my quiet breath;	 Now more than ever seems it rich to die,To cease upon the midnight with no pain,While thou art pouring forth thy soul abroad	 In such an ecstasy!
Eileen Anglin|Your words to yourself and to others should uplift, never tear down.
Glenn Beck|It is contended by many that ours is a Christian government, founded upon the Bible, and that all who look upon the book as false or foolish are destroying the foundation of our country. The truth is, our government is not founded upon the rights of gods, but upon the rights of men. Our Constitution was framed, not to declare and uphold the deity of Christ, but the sacredness of humanity. Ours is the first government made by the people and for the people. It is the only nation with which the gods have had nothing to do. And yet there are some judges dishonest and cowardly enough to solemnly decide that this is a Christian country, and that our free institutions are based upon the infamous laws of Jehovah.
Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib R.A|If you want to change the world,learn to change yourself first.
John Keats|Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art.
Molly Friedenfeld|A mother's love is instinctual, unconditional, and forever.
Dorothy Corkille Briggs|You will not accept credit that is due to another, or harbor jealousy of an explorer who is more fortunate.
Barbara Kingsolver, Small Wonder|We “talk” relationship but we “live” religion, with unsatisfying results. Christianity defines itself, first and foremost, as a relationship with God. Even though this is true, our human nature tends toward living a relationship with God as if it were a religion
Piers Anthony, Castle Roogna|Being terrified but going ahead and doing what must be done—that's courage. The one who feels no fear is a fool, and the one who lets fear rule him is a coward.
Ken Robinson|I don't have that much forward planning about what I want to do next, or in the future.
Brenda Ueland|They whom truth and wisdom lead, can gather honey from a weed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Great crowds followed our Lord . . . as He healed the sick, raised the dead, and fed the hungry. However, the moment He started talking about the cross . . . “many . . . no longer followed him” (John 6:66 NIV).
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To a man who was required to marry before he was allowed to have sex with his lover, marriage is a ‘righteous’ form of prostitution.
William Kethe|Wonder—the enthusiastic ardor for the sublimity of being, for its worthiness to be an object of knowledge—promises to become the point of departure for genuine insight only where it has reached the stage in which the subject, overwhelmed by the object, has, as it were, fused into a single point or into nothing… like the movement of hope and love toward God, which is genuine and selfless only where it has assumed the attitude of pure worship of God for his own sake.
Alin Sav|If your content is good, your career just started.
Bluenscottish|When you can, show them, when they can't teach them and when you do remember the only deed worth doing is the one that helps another up.
Courtney Kirchoff, Jaden Baker|In carrying out a peacekeeping mission where the grand strategy is to maintain peace and order by persuading armed parties or other hostile elements to back away from aggressive activities, military strength is not a definite measure of success; neither could material contribution alone guarantees the "winning of the hearts and minds" of the people. What appears to be important is the day-to-day conduct of the peacekeepers on the ground; those who uphold the principles of neutrality and impartiality, as well as those who are able to carry all aspects of its operational duties exceptionally.
Dashiell Hammett, Red Harvest|As I sat down, though, I realized that you can get used to certain luxuries that you start to think they're necessities, but when you have to forgo them, you come to see that you don't need them after all. There was a big difference between needing things and wanting things--though a lot of people had trouble telling the two apart--and at the ranch, I could see, we have pretty much everything we'd need but precious little else.
Maggie O'Farrell, After You'd Gone|An English teacher at school once said to her, 'Alice, one thing I hope you never find out is that a broken heart hurts physically.' Nothing she has ever experienced has prepared her for the pain of this. Most of the time her heart feels as though it's waterlogged and her ribcage, her arms, her back, her temples, her legs all ache in a dull, persistent way: but at times like this the incredulity and the appalling irreversibility of what has happened cripple her with a pain so bad she often doesn't speak for days.
Spencer Bachus|Through the outreach that I have done, through platforms, I hope to unify Singaporeans because at the end of the day, Singapore is our home. We share a common destiny, and I think all of us work together for the benefit of our country.
Leslie Le Mon, The Disneyland Book of Secrets 2014 - Disneyland: One Local's Unauthorized, Rapturous and Indispensable Guide to the Happiest Place on Earth|Gosh, even Roark noticed Dominique.
James Reston|I'm no hero. Heroes don't come back. Survivors return home. Heroes never come home. If anyone thinks I'm a hero, I'm not.
David Almond, Skellig|I thought how you can never tell just by looking at them what they were thinking or what was happening In their lives. Even when you got daft people or drunk people on buses, people that went on stupid and shouted rubbish or tried to tell you all about themselves, you could never really tell about them either... I knew if somebody looked at me, they'd know nothing about me, either.
Moffat Machingura|A few days later, Tuesday quietly crossed our apartment as I read a book and, after a nudge against my arm, put his head on my lap. As always, I immediately checked my mental state, trying to assess what was wrong. I knew a change in my biorhythms had brought Tuesday over, because he was always monitoring me, but I couldn't figure out what it was. Breathing? Okay. Pulse? Normal. Was I glazed or distracted? Was I lost in Iraq? Was a dark period descending? I didn't think so, but I knew something must be wrong, and I was starting to worry...until I looked into Tuesday's eyes. They were staring at me softly from under those big eyebrows, and there was nothing in them but love.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Big variations in the value of money give rise to the danger that commerce will emancipate itself from the money which is subject to State influence and choose a special money of its own. But without matters going so far as this it is still possible for all the consequences of variations in the value of money to be eliminated if the individuals engaged in economic activity clearly recognize that the purchasing power of money is constantly sinking and act accordingly. If in all business transactions they allow for what the objective exchange-value of money will probably be in the future, then all the effects on credit and commerce are finished with. In proportion as the Germans began to reckon in terms of gold, so was further depreciation rendered incapable of altering the relationship between creditor and debtor or even of influencing trade. By going over to reckoning in terms of gold, the community freed itself from the inflationary policy of the government. Thus it checkmated this inflationary policy, and eventually even the government was obliged to acknowledge gold as a basis of reckoning.
Susanne Bier|Comedy. It was just huge in my house. Peter Sellers and Alec Guinness, Monty Python and all those James Bond movies were highly regarded.
Arthur Gordon, A Touch of Wonder|You’re thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t at all. Failure is a teacher – a harsh one, perhaps, but the best. You say you have a desk full of rejected manuscripts? That’s great! Every one of those manuscripts was rejected for a reason. Have you pulled them to pieces looking for that reason? You’ve got to put failure to work for you. That’s where you’ll find success. On the far side of failure.
Claire Fayers, The Voyage to Magical North|If you don't know where to start, remember that every single thing that happened to you is yours and you get to tell it.
J.J. Brown, Vector a Modern Love Story|The compensation of growing old...was simply this; that the passions remain as strong as ever, but one has gained - at last! - the power which adds the supreme flavor to existence, - the power of taking hold of experience, of turning it round, slowly, in the light.
Albert Hofmann|I was completely astonished by the beauty of nature. Our eyes see just a small fraction of the light in the world. It is a trick to make a colored world, which does not exist outside of human beings.
Manasa Rao|Despite my height, ignorance, heartbreaks, insecurity, criticism, competition, my skin color, that voice in my head that says 'No way', bad luck, a tight budget, insults, fear, flaws, failure and opposition. I believe in myself.
Joe Hill|Making your own Netiquette is advanced internet use, but it's not that hard. It's all good. NetworkEtiquette.net
Hansika Motwani|I feel about romance the same way I do about a vocation: it's a calling. You have an inner intuition, an inner 'yes.' I don't know if it's destined or not, but certainly I couldn't imagine being the person I am today without the romantic experiences I've had.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|When you lower the definition of success to such a level that any person can reach it, you don’t teach people to have big dreams; instead you inspirit mediocrity and nurture people’s inadequacies.
Eliot Ness|I can't let my mother's death have been in vain. Democracy is the best revenge, and we will have it.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Why, why, her mind stuttered, I believe women could manage everything in the world without men’s help--except having babies, and God knows, no woman in her right mind would have babies if she could help it.
Ki Longfellow, Flow Down Like Silver: Hypatia of Alexandria|... the most important concept ever put forth was that matter, ALL matter, with no exceptions from stone to star to starfish to student to sovereign, is as divine as all else in the cosmos, for all flows from Consciousness, the Word that came before the World - and all, in time, will flow back.
Lateef Abader|If you don't keep challenging your mind and your self, you're going to loose the ability to grow as a human being both physically and spiritually.
Chloe Thurlow, The Secret Life of Girls|I'm silenced by his right hand cupping my chin and ear, his left hand flattening against my ribs as he gently pushes me back against the wall. I can feel the brick pressing into my naked upper back, cold and rough. His kiss is slow, tender...firm. His lips are warm, tongue smooth and flat, filling my mouth...I can't even feel my own tongue...taking my breath away with his.
Ronald Reagan|I am a marathon worker and marathon mother. I'll spend three or four days completely swallowed up by work. And if I make it home in time to say good night, I may have one good hour with the girls, maybe a brief family dinner or a family walk with the dog, and then it is back on the computer to prepare for tomorrow's shows.
Tina Sequeira, SOUL SOJOURN|Be individual, break free from the flock to avoid the predictable midsummer haircut.
Terry Pratchett, The Truth|Henry held up his taco- formerly Vlad's- and grinned. " Little known fact, gentlemen. Tacos are the food of genius."pg248 Henry to Vlad & Joss
Isaac Asimov|All things must change to something new, to something strange.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|Have you ever witnessed the anger of the good shopkeeper, James Goodfellow, when his careless son has happened to break a pane of glass? If you have been present at such a scene, you will most assuredly bear witness to the fact that every one of the spectators, were there even thirty of them, by common consent apparently, offered the unfortunate owner this invariable consolation – "It is an ill wind that blows nobody good. Everybody must live, and what would become of the glaziers if panes of glass were never broken?"Now, this form of condolence contains an entire theory, which it will be well to show up in this simple case, seeing that it is precisely the same as that which, unhappily, regulates the greater part of our economical institutions.Suppose it cost six francs to repair the damage, and you say that the accident brings six francs to the glazier's trade – that it encourages that trade to the amount of six francs – I grant it; I have not a word to say against it; you reason justly. The glazier comes, performs his task, receives his six francs, rubs his hands, and, in his heart, blesses the careless child. All this is that which is seen.But if, on the other hand, you come to the conclusion, as is too often the case, that it is a good thing to break windows, that it causes money to circulate, and that the encouragement of industry in general will be the result of it, you will oblige me to call out, "Stop there! Your theory is confined to that which is seen; it takes no account of that which is not seen."It is not seen that as our shopkeeper has spent six francs upon one thing, he cannot spend them upon another. It is not seen that if he had not had a window to replace, he would, perhaps, have replaced his old shoes, or added another book to his library. In short, he would have employed his six francs in some way, which this accident has prevented.
Cassie McCown, Christmas Lites|As he carefully made his way back to the stairs and awkwardly turned off the light, he did not notice that the dark shadow he had assumed was his reflection remained in the mirror. He didn’t see the hands press against the surface and make large, liquid-like bulges beneath the glass. Nor did he hear the whispers that so suddenly and violently filled the dark, cluttered space as he had closed and locked the heavy attic door. ~ "The Mirror
Boomer Esiason|I've always been that person: If it gets into my head, I've got to do it until I get it perfect - a perfectionist's attitude.
Lisa See, Snow Flower and the Secret Fan|Read a thousand books, and your words will flow like a river.
Jane Fonda|My father was brought up in an orphanage in the Catskills. He was a factory worker. And because his family wasn't there for him, family was everything. We could disagree inside the house, but outside the house it was us against the world. So when I became a drag actor, he looked sideways but said okay.
Melody Joy|Life is like theatre. Each new day is a new scene with new acts and roles to portray. The sets always change. You come across new dialogue and lines to exchange between others. Scripts are improvised. But the beauty in it is that everyday, you are constantly learning who you are and how others around you are. Express yourself and empathize. It's okay to wear a mask every now and then but remember that you'll eventually meet fellow thespians who will find a way to break down your walls and barriers. Remember another thing: this isn't a dress rehearsal. And God is your ultimate Director. Let Him write your script and call the cuts. Allow Him to provide you with the applause that truly matters. Let Him open up your heart to real self discovery. He is the best playwright that never dies. He lives. And so do you when you learn to let go and step on the stage of life.
Shelly Laurenston, The Mane Event|Many pride themselves, staking claim to the noble virtue that is loyalty. However, many resolve to give their allegiance to nothing. How can one demand loyalty, if one stands by nothing, nor commits to the realization of an ideal?
Barbara Comyns, The Vet's Daughter|This leaves us with the urgent question: How can we be or become a caring community, a community of people not trying to cover the pain or to avoid it by sophisticated bypasses, but rather share it as the source of healing and new life? It is important to realize that you cannot get a Ph.D. in caring, that caring cannot be delegated by specialists, and that therefore nobody can be excused from caring. Still, in a society like ours, we have a strong tendency to refer to specialists. When someone does not feel well, we quickly think, 'Where can we find a doctor?' When someone is confused, we easily advise him to go to a counselor. And when someone is dying, we quickly call a priest. Even when someone wants to pray we wonder if there is a minister around.
RVM|Life is not a Race to Chase, but we realize it only when Death comes face-to-face .RVM
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|War is like a fire - if you do not put it out, it will burn itself out.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|No one suggested Lehman deserved to be saved. But the argument has been made that the crisis might have been less severe if it had been saved, because Lehman's failure created remarkable uncertainty in the market as investors became confused about the role of the government and whether it was picking winners and losers.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|We all have our unique careers that differ from one another, but the fact is that we must become "teachers and learners" at the end of it all! By the "learning career", we know what other people know; by the "teaching career", we make other people to know what we know!
Kevin Hearne, Clan Rathskeller|People used to say obvious things ironically or as a form of understatement, but in the last few decades they seem to say it with a sense of discovery, and it worries me.
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|He did not want to go to his grave knowing he had risked nothing for the woman he wanted. He wasn’t an ass, though. Or if he was, he did not wish to give her incontrovertible evidence of the fact. What to say to her, then, when he knew he was likely to speak too gruffly?
Zainab Salbi|Everything can be taken from you in a second, but the human spirit is so strong. War can teach you so much about evil, and so much about good.
Gizmo, The Puzzled Puppy, What Donald Trump Supporters Need to Know: But Are Too Infatuated to Figure Out|Dishonesty is not only the destroyer of beauty, but of what beauty creates, even out of ugliness - understanding. Dishonesty is the extinguisher of understanding, and understanding is the foundation of compassion.
Florence King|The American Dream has run out of gas. The car has stopped. It no longer supplies the world with its images, its dreams, its fantasies. No more. It's over. It supplies the world with its nightmares now: the Kennedy assassination, Watergate, Vietnam.
Paolo Bacigalupi, Ship Breaker|Family. It was just a word…Could see its letters all strung together. But it was a symbol, too. And people thought they knew what it meant…It was a thing everyone had an opinion about—that it was all you had when you didn’t have anything else, that family was there, that blood was thicker than water, whatever. But when Nailer thought about it, most of these words and ideas just seemed like good excuses for people to behave badly and get away with it. Family wasn’t more reliable than marriages or friendships…maybe less…The blood bond was nothing. It was the people that mattered. If they covered your back, and you covered theirs, then maybe that was worth calling family.
Zach Sobiech|Why should I have been surprised?Hunters walk the forestwithout a sound.The hunter, strapped to his rifle,the fox on his feet of silk,the serpent on his empire of muscles—all move in a stillness,hungry, careful, intent.Just as the cancerentered the forest of my body,without a sound.
A.J. Young|94% of psychotics think they're sane, so I guess we must ask ourselves, what is sane?" ~Castiel
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|As usual, there was a story behind the story, and that is where the truth was hidden.
Debasish Mridha|My heart do be so big," she whispered. "It be so big and I do reckon I be about the happiest kid for it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Many of us fight for and boast our freedom of what is ultimately the ability to prove ourselves to other people. It is unfortunate that only a few of us are so free in our joy, we no longer feel the need to prove ourselves to anyone.
Elaine Maxwell|My will shall shape the future. Whether I fail or succeed shall be no man's doing but my own. I am the force. I can clear any obstacle before me or I can be lost in the maze. My choice, my responsibility. Win or lose, only I hold the key to my destiny.
Mark Allen Smith, The Inquisitor|This helping-people business was an attractive idea, I'll admit, because up to now I'd not done much more than be, and when I wasn't just being, I'd caused some pain, too.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Beauty is in the eye of the beholder, not the mirror.
Kelley Armstrong|All around the world, tourist boards advertise trips to Britain with images of the great castles and cathedrals that occupy the commanding heights of our landscape. They seem timeless and typically English. It is rarely mentioned that they are predominately French - proud monuments to the invasion that signals the end of England's 'dark age'.
Fiston Mwanza Mujila|When Malingeau drew himself from his long sleep, the music was still droning in his head. Christelle was already gone. She had taken care to scribble a line on a scrap of paper."I drank your body until my thirst was worn.
Jamie Quatro, I Want to Show You More|In the support group, the counselor had said: When you lose a loved one, you feel as if you're inside a confined space. Everyone else will seem to be careening along outside of this space. In time, you will become aware of an opening you are going to have to step through. It might be the touch of a new lover, a new job, a move--but you'll know. You will step through.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the storm, our only anchor is hope.
J.L. Sheppard, Demon King's Desire|Oh God, he thought. “I’m sorry, I thought I heard you say to come in.”“I did.”“But you’re only wearing a towel.”“What is it with you guys and towels? It’s not like I’m naked.
A.P. Sweet, The Abattoir of Silence|awake, then die in the arms of a modified lover sleep, then dream in the absence of a tangible lover envision, then sing in the thralls of a hungry lover
Tracy Hickman, The Immortals|[P]eople only make decisions based on what they know. You can have everyone in the country vote freely and democratically and still come up with the wrong answer - if the information they base that decision on is wrong. People don't want the truth [when] it is complicated. They don't want to spend years debating an issue. They want it homogenized, sanitized, and above all, simplified into terms they can understand...Governments are often criticized for moving slowly, but that deliberateness, it turns out, is their strength. They take time to think through complex problems before they act. People, however, are different. People react first from the gut and then from the head...give that knee-jerk reflex real power to make its overwhelming will known as a national mandate instantly and you can cause a political riot. Combine these sins - simplification of information and instant, visceral democratic mandates - and you lose the ability to cool down. There is no longer deliberation time between events that may or may not be true and our reaction to them. Policy becomes instinct rather than thought.
David Cronenberg|Some dissociative parts of the personality, living in trauma time, may experience the same emotion no matter the situation, such as fear, rage, shame, sadness, yearning and even some positive ones just as joy.
FAIZAN|I clearly saw us from outside, like in a picture: we are not people, we are a road sign warning: “Stop and thank luck because such fate didn’t befall you as befell us, and only then keep going your way”.
Elizabeth Morgan, Truth or Dare?|His lips turned upward. “Man told you to lick salt off me, but he didn’t say where you would be licking the salt from.
Corazon Aquino|I hope that in my books there's an undertone of politics, basic tenets of how we should live.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Geez, you guys. I know I'm popular and all, but seriously, you're a bit too co-dependent for me. I'm going to need you to step away from my personal bubble." A wispy vine-woman curled ivy tendrils around his arm, and he sliced through them with his dagger. "No! Bad Wraith! No touchie!
Carl William Brown, L'Italia in breve.|Hegel used to say that the familiar, precisely because it is familiar, remains unknown. That’s why we don't know so much about stupidity.
Jay Parini, The Art of Teaching|If I could make money making armpit farts, I would. But since I can't, I teach. And write.
Ellen Hopkins, Tilt|Sookan, don't look so sad and dark. I will never stop thinking of you. Nothing will end; nothing ever does. Everything good that touches our lives becomes part of us forever. You know that.
Tara Brach, True Refuge: Finding Peace and Freedom in Your Own Awakened Heart|Stop being so greedy, and so selfish. Realize that there is more to the world than your big houses and fancy stores. People are starving and you worry about oil for your cars. Babies are dying of thirst and you search the fashion pages for the latest styles. Nations like ours are drowing in poverty, but your people don't even hear our cries for help. You shut your ears to the voices of those who try to tell you these things. You label them radicals or Communists. You must open your hearts to the poor and downtrodden, instead of driving them further into poverty and servitude. There's not much time left. If you don't change, you're doomed.
Carly Kade, In The Reins|Trust wisely and believe in yourself, in your vision.
Tom Hooper|Every year in late June, Custer's Last Stand is reenacted on the high plains of Montana. When Custer led out the 7th Cavalry in 2003 - the year I witnessed it - the audience stood and cheered with turbo-charged patriotism.
Kirsten Dunst|If marriage really is a sacred institution, then why is the government controlling it, especially in a nation that affirms separation of church and state?
Margaret J. Wheatley|Contempt is the only asymmetrical expression in the muscular facial system: Disgust, fear, happiness, surprise and anger typically express themselves symmetrically. Contempt is marked by one lip corner pulled up and in a dismissive sneer.
Debasish Mridha|You may never get back this life, so do something in this lifetime worthy of celebration.
Marilyn Monroe|I always wish the hotels were like they are in movies and TV shows, where if you're in Paris, right outside your window is the Eiffel Tower. In Egypt, the pyramids are right there. In the movies, every hotel has a monument right outside your window. My hotel rooms overlook the garbage dumpster in the back alley.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|When we drug ourselves to blot out our soul's call, we are being good Americans and exemplary consumers.
Eddie Van Halen|Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever.
Jason Isaacs|As an actor, I've grown considerably. For example, it's taken me years to get comfortable doing a romantic scene and dancing on stage in front of a live audience. I do it a lot better than I ever did. I've really opened up a lot. And I'm glad I have because I'm being appreciated for it.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|It's like chess, you know. The Queen saves the King.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Hestia shook her head. "I am here because when all else fails, when all the other mighty gods have gone off to war, I am all that's left. Home. Hearth. I am the last Olympian
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Sometimes it's, run don't walk! Like when you're going to the arms of a loved one.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Stand up to ignorance, because if you don't, the ignorant will run free to spread ignorance like a disease.
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad, Poor Dad|It is not much different from a person who goes to the gym to exercise on a regular basis versus someone who sits on the couch watching television. Proper physical exercise increases your chances of health, and proper mental exercise increases your chances for wealth. Laziness decreases both health and wealth.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|What i know from history is this: Those who do not appreciate their freedom and aren't prepared to protect it, will lose it.
Louise Glück|Gretel in Darkness:This is the world we wanted.All who would have seen us deadare dead. I hear the witch's crybreak in the moonlight through a sheetof sugar: God rewards.Her tongue shrivels into gas....Now, far from women's armsAnd memory of women, in our father's hutwe sleep, are never hungry.Why do I not forget?My father bars the door, bars harmfrom this house, and it is years.No one remembers. Even you, my brother,summer afternoons you look at me as thoughyou meant to leave,as though it never happened.But I killed for you. I see armed firs,the spires of that gleaming kiln--Nights I turn to you to hold mebut you are not there.Am I alone? Spieshiss in the stillness, Hanselwe are there still, and it is real, real,that black forest, and the fire in earnest.
Gary D. Schmidt, The Wednesday Wars|I almost cried. But I didn't, because if you're in seventh grade and you cry while wearing a blue floral cape and yellow tights with white feathers on the butt, you just have to curl up and die somewhere in a dark alley.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|As the map of the Great Plain was being redrawn by a young Shazarian councillor, the ageing Shylonian king interrupted mid-speech to ask him his name. With a piercing glare and a haughty flick of his cloak, he retorted ‘Lord Ratilla, Shazarian Imperial Secretary, and who might you be?’ Behind the gasps of horror, the message was clear. It was Shazaria who now bestrode the Amaran world, henceforth the office of Shazarian minister now held greater prestige than even that of foreign monarchs. What became even clearer were the depths of Shazarian treachery. The impudent youth who stood before the kings of Amara stripping them of ancient provinces, was the same adolescent reputed to have delivered an eloquent speech which swayed the Shazarian councillors in favour of war.Had this been their intention all along?
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|When you’re with a girl, it’s always best to act like you’re an old hand at everything—not to impress her, but just to make sure she feels safe.
Yvonne Wood, Dead Beautiful|... In love, everyone does things that hurt the other person, so there really is no "Right" and "Wrong". You just have to decide what you're willing to forgive
Richard Whately|The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you.
David Baldacci|Maybe we need to reflect on the fact that the patience of God always outruns the impatience of our greed, and that His love always outweighs the greed that outweighs our love for Him.
Paul Di Filippo, How To Write Science Fiction|That was asking a lot of my readers, I realized, but I was trying to write the novel I would most enjoy decoding.
Nikki Lynn Barrett, A Masterpiece of Our Love|My body is on fire, aching and clawing at me to set it free. It wants to come out to play alright. It wants recess with Ian. He’s everything I’m not, and I love it.
Megan Smith|Once anthropology and geology had opened up the pre-recordkeeping darkness of humanity's long, slow, sustained infancy as suitable grounds for speculation, writers began trying to imagine human existence as it must have been with only stone-age technology.
Christina Ricci|When people ask me if I went to film school I tell them, 'no, I went to films.'
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|You are now listening to me; you are not making an effort to pay attention, you are just listening; and if there is truth in what you hear, you will find remarkable change taking place in you – a change that is not premeditated or wished for, a transformation, a complete revolution in which the truth alone is master and not the creations of your mind. And if I may suggest it, you should listen in that way to everything – not only to what I am saying, but also to what other people are saying; to the birds, to the whistle of a locomotive, to the noise of the bus gong by. You will find that the more you listen to everything, the greater is the silence, and that silence is then not broken by noise. It is only when you are resisting something, when you are putting up a barrier between yourself and that to which you do not want to listen – it is only then that there is a struggle.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|What are you talking about?" Narcissus demanded. "I am amazing. Everyone knows this.""Amazing at pure suck," Leo said. "If I was as suck as you, I'd drown myself. Oh wait, you already did that.
Kellie Elmore, Magic in the Backyard|O youth! The strenght of it, the faith of it, the imagination of it! (...) I think of her with pleasure, with affection, with regret - as you would think of some one dead you have loved. I shall never forget her.... Pass the bottle.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|[Connor, prepared to sacrifice himself to save Sarah]God, I pray, give me the strength to live the next hour well.
C. JoyBell C.|When you recognize that you are your own SoulMate, you feel at home and peaceful within yourself, no matter what is going on in your love life.
Kirsty Eagar, Summer Skin|People save their strong opinions for women. Why don’t they look at men? If I have to read another book or see another movie about a woman being courageous, I’ll throw up. Where are the books and movies about the men who do this stuff? But no, it’s always about the women. They not only have to get through it, they’re supposed to stand up, become a symbol, allow their whole lives to become derailed and defined by it. What if you don’t want to? People bang on about women having the right to make choices—well, they need to realise women have the right to choose in these matters, too.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|The asana practice is extremely powerful and unique in design. In addition to improved flexibility, circulation, muscular strength and increased energy, and detoxification of the organs, each pose unblocks life force energy (prana) pathways in your body, reprograms your cellular DNA and connects us to our spiritual origin.
Saurabh Gupta Earth5R|Happiness is like a butterfly; the more you chase it, the more it will elude you, but if you turn your attention to other things, it will come and sit softly on your shoulders...
Charles L. Whitfield, Healing the Child Within: Discovery and Recovery for Adult Children of Dysfunctional Families|What the hell?” I muttered. Then I realized it was Jack Quinn’s car. Jack was a Hound and Bea’s boyfriend. The left blinker flashed on for just a second, and then Jack drove at speed again.“Zayvion, I’m sorry to tell you I think I have a crush on another man.”“Who is this unfortunate and soon-to-be-dead fool?” he asked.“Jack. That’s his car. He must have been waiting for us, or maybe he followed us.”“Jack Quinn has been following us?” Shame said.“And now he’s taking us to Collins, I think.”“Or a trap,” Shame said.“He’s a Hound, Shame.”“My statement stands.”“You still don’t get it, do you?” I turned left, following the car. “Hounds are loyal. Jack and Bea told me they’d help me if they could. They’re not going to turn against me while I’m in trouble.”“What happens when you’re not in trouble?” Shame asked.“Don’t know. It’s never happened.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|Maybe my values are outdated, but I come from an old school of thought. I think that men ought to treat women like something other than just shorter, weaker men with breasts. Try and convict me if I’m a bad person for thinking so. I enjoy treating a woman like a lady, opening doors for her, paying for shared meals, giving flowers–all that sort of thing.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Rumi Collection|If metal can be polishedto a mirrorlike finish,what polishing might the mirrorof the heart require?Between the mirror and the heartis this single difference:the heart conceals secrets,while the mirror does not.
Lauren Myracle|You're allowed to have thoughts, she reminded herself. Just because others might scoff, that doesn't mean you won't anymore.
Andre Hueston Mack|We’ve all been in positions where we felt out of place or not accepted for whatever reason. For me, that’s been my life. I’ve always been that person that stood out. And what makes you an outcast is what makes you unique, and you should harness that. Being a black sheep gives you creative license to do sh*t differently.
Zhuangzi, The Inner Chapters: The Classic Taoist Text|Chess is a game with simple rules and pieces, a small sixty-four-space board, but there are more possible chess games than there are atoms in the universe.
Mark Hodder, Expedition to the Mountains of the Moon|Your little r changes the status of a single lady ‘Ms’ into a respectable lady ‘Mrs’. Man, you make the difference!
Sarah Waters, Tipping the Velvet|No matter how many movies you watch, songs you listen to, and friends you talk to, you will never understand heartbreak. You want to disappear, crying feels like bleeding, the world is spinning. You watch a movie you have seen ten times, a song you’ve listened to a hundred times and a friend you’ve been talking to for a thousand days and suddenly it’s like your hearing everything for the first time. For the first time you’ve opened your heart and your mind, you want to listen, you want to heal others. For the first time you feel destroyed. The word pain cannot do what you are feeling justice. It is beyond pain, beyond fury, beyond sadness. You feel everything but nothing at once. Shocked. Numb. Empty. But I had also felt compassion that day, empathy for a heart that I had once broke. Love for all of those who had not broken my heart. Appreciation for all of those who had mended hearts. Happiness for all who had secured their hearts. The day that I first met heartbreak, the day that I got my heart snatched away from me, happens to be the day that I first found my heart as well.
Debasish Mridha|When we truly care, we mix love, compassion, and kindness together in our hearts.
Gina L. Maxwell, Seducing Cinderella|Do I need permission to breathe, Sir?
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|This is the last moment of contentment untainted by sorrow, when the brain hesitates before delivering the message to the heart that it knows it must.
Joel Osteen|All of us, who are members of the Germanic peoples, can be happy and thankful that once in thousands of years fate has given us, from among the Germanic peoples, such a genius, a leader, our Fuehrer Adolf Hitler, and you should be happy to be allowed to work with us.
Abraham Lincoln|Upon the subject of education, not presuming to dictate any plan or system respecting it, I can only say that I view it as the most important subject which we as a people can be engaged in.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|CUSTOMER (to their friend): God, the Famous Five titles realy were crap, weren’t they? Five Go Camping. Five Go Off in a Caravan.... If it was Five Go Down To a Crack House it might be a bit more exciting.
Hermione Lee, Body Parts: Essays on Life-Writing|From Tudor to eighteenth-century England, there are many instances of women writers with no place or room of their own. The life-story of the play-wright Elizabeth Cary, Lady Falkland (1585-1639) gives us a dramatic and, lately, much-studied example. In the hagiographical 'The Lady Falkland: Her Life', written by one of her daughters, we hear how the prodigious Elizabethlearnt to read very soon and loved it much... Without a teacher, whilst she was a child, she learnt French, Spanish, Italian [and] Latin... She having neither brother nor sister, nor other companion of her age, spent her whole time in reading; to which she gave herself so much that she frequently read all night; so as her mother was fain to forbid her servants to let her have candles, which command they turned to their own profit, and let themselves be hired by her to let her have them, selling them to her at half a crown apiece, so was she bent to reading; and she not having money so free, was to owe it them, and in this fashion was she in debt a hundred pound afore she was twelve year old.
Tom Hanks|You have to want to make a film for other reasons - to say something, to tell a story, to show somebody's fate - but you can't want to make a film simply for the sake of it.
Stipe Miocic|I loved being in the Marine Corps, I loved my job in the Marine Corps, and I loved the people I served with. It's one of the best things I've had a chance to do.
Raneem Kayyali|Thou art but a feeble flower in the garden of the universe, yet thou hath a purpose much greater than thyself.
Daniel Polansky, The Builders|A chubby vole sat as guardian between the two sections, making sure the hoi polloi didn't get any ideas above their station. His name was Harold, and the most important thing he had learned in his life, as far as he was concerned, was that it was entirely possible to sleep with one's eyes open, or at least open enough to deceive passersby, if one was willing to put in a bit of practice. True, it wasn't as good as a full-on nap, but any degree of slumber was better than waking. As far as Harold was concerned, the biter part of existence lay in those little moments of oblivion that preceded the last.
Kathryn Holmes|Nuts, arms, stomachs -- they never hurt. All hurt is brain hurt.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are not white,but a rainbow of colors.You are not black,but golden.You are not just a nationality,but a citizen of the world.You are not just for the right or left,but for what is right over the wrong.You are not just rich or poor,but always wealthy in the mind and heart.You are not perfect, but flawed.You are flawed, but you are just.You may just be conscious human,but you are also a magnificentreflection of God.
Russel H.S. Stolfi, Hitler: Beyond Evil and Tyranny|In the well reported Kubizek period from late 1904 through mid-1908, with its additiona data from the circumstances of failure at school, lung ailment, and tragic episode of his mother’s death, the picture remains the same. Hitler’s character is one of bold license for a youngster, but not directed toward dissolute behavior or activity that gives a hint of evil. Hitler devoured grand opera and classical music, painted, sketched, planned a great new Linz; he wrote sonnets, communed with nature, and exuded politeness and reserve. These are activities and qualities that suggest potential, although overblown, aspirations to artistic genius. What we see, like it or not, is morally laudable behavior and aspiration on the part of a young man in his teens. But is there a dark side somewhere in this picture?If there were a dark side, it probably would have been the light gray of the contempt that he had for many of his school teachers and his resistance to formal education. Hitler’s comments in Mein Kampf support such contempt and are buoyed by his indelible comment, about his tour of the customs office where his father worked, that the clerks and officials squatted about as monkeys in 
Terry Darlington|What is evil?' you ask. To which I reply, 'Who are you, Friedrich Nietzsche?' To which you respond, 'Duh, wha? Me no understand.'Then I put you back in your cage.
Philip Plait, Death from the Skies!: These Are the Ways the World Will End...|[E]very major religion today is a winner in the Darwinian struggle waged among cultures, and none ever flourished by tolerating its rivals.
Jon Oringer|My failure to lay aside the sin that so easily entangles is the direct result of my refusal to die to my natural proclivity toward attaining my own freedom, meaning, value, worth, and righteousness - not believing that, by virtue of my Spirit - wrought union with Christ, everything I need, I already possess.
Debasish Mridha|Like life, love is a constant adventure and a constant process. It is not a possession.
Bob Harper|At some point, I fell in love. Shortly thereafter, I got my heart broken. Sniff, sniff. And I realized at a young age - no matter what any adult literary critic would have us believe about female strength and autonomy - there is no test to strength of character like love.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|I woke up!" he replied, eye twinkling in his haggard face, "and that's reason enough to be happy!
Ian McEwan, Saturday|Sweet allowed her pregnancy to get the better of her and simply sat down. Reenie’s lips set into a straight, emotionless line. Mawu no longer talked back, the words she did speak taking on an air of vapidity. Philip was chained at night, no longer trusted. So it was no wonder that Lizzie sought out the white woman then.
Indira Gandhi|Some people hate funerals. I find them comforting. They hit the pause button on life and remind us that it has an end. Every eulogy reminds me to deepen my dash, that place on the tombstone between our birth and our death.
Adel Abouhana|Life was never easy, but I always made it as easy as it can be.
Anne Bishop, Daughter of the Blood|Frustration fills his golden eyes. "What Queen? Who is coming?""The living myth," I whisper. "Dreams made flesh."His shock is replaced instantly by a fierce hunger. "You're sure?"The room is a swirling mist. He's the only thing still in sharp focus. He's the only thing I need. "I saw her in the tangled web, Daemon. I saw her.
Vaslav Nijinsky, The Diary of Vaslav Nijinsky|I am not an ape, I am a man. The world has been created by God. Man has been created by God. It is not possible for man to understand God - God understands God. Man is God and therefore understands God. I am God. I am a man. I am good and not a beast. I am an animal with reason. I have flesh, I *am* flesh, I am not descended from flesh. Flesh is created by God. I am God. I am God. I am God.
Nancy McKenzie, Guinevere's Gamble|She felt her future close upon her but unseen, like the sea behind the blowing veil of snow... She would follow Llyr's advice and face it a little every day...Day by day, step by step life would go forward. Eventually, the veil would lift, the cold would yield to the sun's warmth, and the world would be reborn. This dark time would pass.
Walter M. Miller Jr.|What other people may think of the rightness or wrongness is nothing in comparison to my own deep knowledge, my innate conviction that it was wrong.
Drishti Bablani|Intelligence is Attractive,Kindness is Heart Melting,But a combination of the two is Irresistible.
Donna Lynn Hope|He had felt viable being near her or knowing she was listening to him or having the comfort of their casual meeting within a dream. With her, he simply and effortlessly felt better. They all felt better, unburdened, cared for, and heard. Being connected to her eased his suffering as he gave her his. It was only when she began to drown in the cumulation of commingled torments that to save whatever part of her was left, she disconnected, and when she did, his suffering returned and remained with him longer than she had. But instead of saving herself, it was the additional burden of her own anguish from letting them all go that took her breath and inevitably pulled her under.
Charles Eisenstein, Sacred Economics: Money, Gift, and Society in the Age of Transition|If the bringing of children into the world is today an economic burden, it is because the social system is inadequate; and not because God’s law is wrong. Therefore the State should remove the causes of that burden. The human must not be limited and controlled to fit the economic, but the economic must be expanded to fit the human.
Kittredge Cherry, Womansword: What Japanese Words Say about Women|In direct confrontation, the [Japanese] women might yield like blades of grass -- and spring back just as quickly. One of them compared this flexibility to the Vietcong guerrillas…
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|Now she and the widow had something in common, though loss did not pass from one person to another like a baton. It just formed a bigger and bigger pool of carriers. And she thought, scratching the coarseness of the horses's mane, it did not leave, once lodged, did it? It simply changed form, and asked repeatedly for attention and care as each year revealed a new knot to cry out and consider, smaller, sure, but never gone...Out of my body, these beautiful monsters.
George Müller, The Autobiography of George Muller|Every child of God is not called by the Lord to establish schools and orphan houses and to trust in the Lord for means for them. Yet, there is no reason why you may not experience, far more abundantly than we do now, His willingness to answer the prayers of His children.
J.R. Ward, Crave|We take creative license with the fictional narratives that become our memories. Anthologized, these are the tales that become the story of your life.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Most magick I have experienced can be written off as a stew of psychology and coincidence, and I truly believe this is where magick is best worked.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Marriage is about compromise; it's about doing something for the other person, even when you don't want to.
Corinne Duyvis, On the Edge of Gone|But the power in this case is real indeed. You doubt the mystery and power of these aircraft and their markings? They are aeons old and yet they still operate!” 	“You’ve seen them fly? Where do they go? I am wondering if there is a city we can reach.” 	“Before you woke from your coffin, they flew indeed. Turning and turning in the widening gyre. What does that suggest?” 	“Um. Some rough beast is slouching toward Bethlehem waiting to be born, maybe?” 	“No doubt the spirit of prophecy escapes your lips! It must be prophecy because I cannot grok what you are saying.” 	“Sorry. Won’t happen again. It suggests a search pattern.
Patricia Heaton|I hope to find the roles that are age appropriate but not yearning to be younger, or parenting ad nauseam.
Paulo Coelho|But human beings are like that, she thought. We've replaced nearly all our emotions with fear.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The morning, which is the most memorable season of the day, is the awakening hour. Then there is least somnolence in us; and for an hour, at least, some part of us awakes that slumbers all the rest of the day and night. Little is to be expected of that day, if it can be called a day, to which we are not awakened by our Genius, but by the mechanical nudgings of some servitor, are not awakened by our own newly acquired force and aspirations from within.... After a partial cessation of his sensuous life, the soul of man, or its organs rather, are reinvigorated each day, and his Genius tries again what noble life it can make... The Vedas say, "All intelligences awake with the morning." All poets and heroes, like Memnon, are the children of Aurora, and emit their music at sunrise.
Patrick O'Brian, The Letter of Marque|a soldier lives always for the next battle, because he knows that before it arrives impossible changes can occur in his favor.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|One should clearly know that " Every thought that one thinks and every action based on that thought, is taking us either closer to our principal purpose or away from it" Watch out then ....as thoughts become realities!
K. Farrell St. Germain, Then'diel's SONG: An Elven Grove Dark Fantasy|I told you. I’ve been watching.” She twirled, her arms outstretched. “Watching, watching, watching.
Thomas Hobbes|Being solitary is being alone well: being alone luxuriously immersed in doings of your own choice, aware of the fullness of your won presence rather than of the absence of others. Because solitude is an achievement.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|God, he suddenly understood, was love in its purest form, and in these last months with his children, he had felt His touch as surely as he had heard the music spilling from Ronnie's hands.
Jessica Hawkins, Come Undone|I'd been with boys before; I'd been with boys I'd thought were men. But this was different. David kissed like a man. He tasted, he smelled and he fucked like a man.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|I realized that unforgiveness was a spiritual and emotional poison and that it hurt me more than it hurt anybody else! Instead of living a toxic life and continue to destroy myself and my family, I began to practice Philippians 4: 8 on purpose: Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is noble, whatever is right, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is admirable—if anything is excellent or praiseworthy—think about such things.
Eric Newby, Slowly Down the Ganges|Everything is recycled in India, even dreams.
John Irving, In One Person|A writer is merely a reader that had the guts to be read, and, heard.
Hồ Chí Minh|To reap a return in ten years, plant trees. To reap a return in 100, cultivate the people.
Miya Yamanouchi|Where ever there's guilt there's violence, and if guilt is a smell then violence is a taste: strawberries and formaldehyde and ironish blood.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|People who end up with the good jobs are the proactive ones who are solutions to problems, not problems themselves, who seize the initiative to do whatever is necessary, consistent with correct principles, to get the job done.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Frogs, ducks, rhinos, octopuses – whatever you desire. The world will be built new for you every morning. If you stay here, you can have whatever you want.’ Coraline sighed. ‘You really don’t understand, do you?’ she said. ‘I don’t want whatever I want. Nobody does. Not really. What kind of fun would it be if I just got everything I ever wanted? Just like that, and it didn’t mean anything. What then?
Pope Francis|We should not allow it to be believed that all scientific progress can be reduced to mechanisms, machines, gearings, even though such machinery also has its beauty. Neither do I believe that the spirit of adventure runs any risk of disappearing in our world.
Marcia Fudge|We Facebook users have been building a treasure lode of big data that government and corporate researchers have been mining to predict and influence what we buy and for whom we vote. We have been handing over to them vast quantities of information about ourselves and our friends, loved ones and acquaintances.
Jonathan Edwards|God bless Africa, Guard her people, Guide her leaders, And give her peace.
Ashton Kutcher|If Google decided at any point to publish my search history, or your search history, or anyone's search history, there's a litany of things they could idea police you about, and if it was published, you would be publicly shamed. Everyone would be publicly shamed. But we trust Google, and we trust the people that run that company.
Steven Spielberg|The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them.
Christopher Hitchens|The team must consist of three sorts of specialists, he says. Otherwise the revolution, whether in politics or the arts or the sciences or whatever, is sure to fail.The rarest of these specialists, he says, is an authentic genius - a person capable of having seemingly good ideas not in in general circulation. "A genius working alone," he says, "is invariably ignored as a lunatic."The second sort of specialist is a lot easier to find; a highly intelligent citizen in good standing in his or her community, who understands and admires the fresh ideas of the genius, and who testifies that the genius is far from mad. "A person like this working alone," says Slazinger, "can only yearn loud for changes, but fail to say what their shaped should be."The third sort of specialist is a person who can explain everything, no matter how complicated, to the satisfaction of most people, no matter how stupid or pigheaded they may be. "He will say almost anything in order to be interesting and exciting," says Slazinger. "Working alone, depending solely on his own shallow ideas, he would be regarded as being as full of shit as a Christmas turkey.
Graham Kerr|Incongruity, they say, is one of the main ingredients of humor. Maybe it's because everybody can feel superior to me. I honestly don't know.
Jamie L. Harding|The best thing about being a writer is that 'work' is always something you love, plus usually accompanied by tea, coffee and cakes of some sort.
Rebecca Rosenblum, So Much Love|Now I’msober and Irealize, Ididn’t drink toescape the world,I drank to escapemyself
Herman Wouk|Writing, when properly managed, (as you may be sure I think mine is) is but a different name for conversation.
Jennifer Haigh, The Condition|It was a lesson most people learned much earlier; that even friendship could have an undisclosed shelf life. That loyalty and affection, so consuming and powerful, could dissipate like fog.
Daniel Pennac, Comme un roman|What we need to understand is that books weren't written so that young people could write essays about them, but so that they could read them if they really wanted to.Knowledge, academic track record, career, and social life are one thing. Our intimacy and cultural awareness as readers are quite another.
M.F. Moonzajer|Gods should be iridescent, like the rainbow in the storm. Man creates a God in his own image, and the gods grow old along with the men that made them... But the god-stuff roars eternally, like the sea, with too vast a sound to be heard.
Jessica Livingston|The really dramatic growth happens when a startup only has three of four people, so only three or four people see that, whereas tens of thousands see business as it's practiced by Boeing or Philip Morris.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|A disciplined mind leads to happiness, and an undisciplined mind leads to suffering.
David Rosenfelt, Unleashed|Composure and self-restraint were not only desirable characteristics in a woman, they were essental.As my mother put it later, it was bad enough having to worry yourself sick every time your husband went up in an airplane; now, she was being told, she was also supposed to feel responsible if his plane crashed. Anger and discontent, lest they kill, were to be kept to oneself. The military, even more so than the rest of society, clearly put a premium on well-behaved, genteel, and even-tempered women.
Charles Bukowski, The Captain Is Out To Lunch And The Sailors Have Taken Over The Ship|La mayoría de la muerte de la gente es una farsa, no queda en ellos nada que pueda morir
Ridley Scott|Organised religion, organised anything, requires commitment and requires an engagement with something. A lot of the time, we don't want to commit.
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|The advance of regret can be so gradual that it is impossible to say "yesterday I was happy, today I am not.
Trevor Dodge, The Laws of Average|My mind held fast to that hot morning and the moment of coolness in the cabin. I could so easily re-enact every moment. Again-why had I gone back to exchange the beautiful charts at that precise moment? How many times would I, in whatever innocence, be compelled to choose the right time?
Stephen Jay Gould|Machineries of reason, machineries of conduct, machineries of virtue. The machine that regulates instinct, keeps one’s hands free of another man’s throat, free of one’s own. These machines have all, as someone said, gone too long in the elements. Gummed now, rusted, bloodless.I forget who said it and I no longer care.
Anthony Biglan, The Nurture Effect: How the Science of Human Behavior Can Improve Our Lives and Our World|Just as we have created a society in which it would be unthinkable to light up a cigarette in the Kennedy Center lobby, we can create a society where it is unthinkable that a child suffers abuse, fails in school, becomes delinquent, or faces teasing and bullying.
Orhan Pamuk, Sessiz Ev|I don’t bother with rhyme. RarelyAre two trees the same, one beside the other.I think and write like flowers have colorBut with less perfection in my way of expressing myselfBecause I lack the divine simplicityOf wholly being only my exterior.I see and I’m moved,Moved the way water runs when the ground is slopingAnd what I write is as natural as the rising wind...
John Ortberg, Soul Keeping: Caring For the Most Important Part of You|While we worry about how fast we grow, God is concerned about how strong we grow. God views our lives from and for eternity, so he is never in a hurry.
Rachel McAdams|'The Iliad' includes some snappy sports reporting, and writers ever since have been probing athletes for signifiers, for metaphor amped by grit under pressure.
Deyth Banger|I want we to be friends, not to follow you.I want you to stop the lies, it's not awesome.
Elon Musk|Childhood is Last Chance Gulch for happiness. After that, you know too much.
Abhijit Naskar|Mind is everything, there is nothing else as far as your subjective reality is concerned. Everything else outside this subjective reality is irrelevant to biological life.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu|The best I can say, it's like this. A man's in his skin, see, like a nut in its shell ... It's hard and strong, that shell, and it's all full of him. Full of grand man-meat, man-self. And that's all. That's all there is.A woman's a different thing entirely. Who knows where a woman begins and ends? Listen mistress, I have roots, I have roots deeper than this island. Deeper than the sea, older than the raising of the lands. I go back into the dark ... I go back into the dark! Before the moon I am, what a woman is, a woman of power, a woman's power, deeper than the roots of trees, deeper than the roots of islands, older than the Making, older than the moon. Who dares ask questions of the dark? Who'll ask the dark its name?
Rufi Thorpe, The Girls from Corona del Mar|Sure, and fatherhood is super important too. I'm not trying to make this a women-only club by any means. Just that even men rarely view their role in child rearing as the most important thing they do, when in fact it is clearly the most important thing that anybody does.
David Iserson, Firecracker|A wise friend once told me, 'Don't wear what fashion designers tell you to wear. Wear what _they_ wear.' His point being that most designers, no matter what they throw onto the runway, favor simple, flattering pieces for themselves.
Mara Amberly, Fire and Gold|No one ever said you’ve got to prepare to be hated. You’ve got to prepare for the yelling and the anger. You have got to prepare how to survive being the guilty one, even in innocence.
Paul Davies|I couldn't get my first film on the air. The first film I did was called 'The Race For Space,' about the U.S.-Soviet space race. The networks had a policy that I found out about the hard way. I even had a sponsor for my program, but the networks wouldn't put it on because it was independently produced.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|After he left the planet with his brothers, he'd imagined he'd live out his life alone.	That was until he met Annabelle.	His memory lingered back to the day he stepped into her bakery. His brothers were still unpacking when he decided to take a walk into town. The first time he saw her, she was placing muffins into a customer's bag. Even with her messy hair bun and stained pink apron, she was pure perfection. His entire body warmed when he got a backside peek at her pink tank top and itty bitty jean shorts. Before he knew what was happening, he'd gone inside and sat down in the same booth he sat in now. And when she came to the table to take his order, she'd bit down on her bottom lip. He'd known then those lips would complicate his life, but he had no idea just how much.
Sarah Hackley, Finding Happiness with Migraines: a Do It Yourself Guide, a min-e-bookTM|Depression affects almost 80% of migraine sufferers at one time or another. People with migraine, especially chronic migraine, also are more likely to experience intense anxiety and to have suicidal tendencies. If we want to live happy and joyful lives with migraine, it is vital that we acknowledge and deal with the emotional realities of the disease.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|It was gratitude; gratitude, not merely for having once loved her, but for loving her still well enough to forgive all the petulance and acrimony of her manner in rejecting him, and all the unjust accusations accompanying her rejection.
Cheyanne Young, Motocross Me|His jaw was clenched. His breathing became labored, like he was carrying something heavy. She watched the muscles in his throat working, Adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed, hard.Victory.At that moment, she knew he wouldn’t try to stop her. She stepped forward, raised herself up on her tiptoes, and kissed him. Softly. Then she pulled back, challenge unspoken.Come on, Sam. Fight for me.
Jill Conner Browne, The Sweet Potato Queens' Book of Love|Cheap jewelry, however, is worse than no jewelry at all, and there are very few things in life than are worse than no jewelry at all.
Tehya Sky, A Ceremony Called Life: When Your Morning Coffee Is as Sacred as Holy Water|Only by honoring the greater truths (the macrocosmic truth) may we begin to honor our subjective truths (our microcosmic truth). This is a recognition of the greater mystery of life and a deep honoring of being a child of that great mystery. In that profound recognition rests the awareness that the same macrocosmic mystery is within us, and it manifests and takes its course in many ways. When we simply recognize this fundamental aspect of the nature of existence, we can begin to understand its presence in our lives. And then finding ourselves moving away from the career or relationship we thought we’d be in for the rest of our life is less of a shock or a “something must be wrong” and more of a deep, humble sigh of “alright, okay, here we go, and so it is.” This is the way life moves. We do not hold the reins, and to feign so creates only pain. Evolution necessitates change.
Russell Brand, Revolution|The world is awash with colours unseen and abuzz with unheard frequencies. Undetected and disregarded. The wise have always known that these inaccessible realms, these dimensions that cannot be breached by our beautifully blunt senses, hold the very codes to our existence, the invisible, electromagnetic foundations upon which our gross reality clumsily rests.
Debra Anastasia, Crushed Seraphim|I'm a Cynster--I've been raised to acquire, defend, and protect. My family is the core of my existence--without a family, without children, I'd have nothing to protect, no reason to acquire.
Stephen King, It|I buy, collect and read books.
Paul Auster, Mr. Vertigo|Deep down, I don’t believe it takes any special talent for a person to lift himself off the ground and hover in the air. We all have it in us—every man, woman, and child—and with enough hard work and concentration, every human being is capable of…the feat….You must learn to stop being yourself. That’s where it begins, and everything else follows from that. You must let yourself evaporate. Let your muscles go limp, breathe until you feel your soul pouring out of you, and then shut your eyes. That’s how it’s done. The emptiness inside your body grows lighter than the air around you. Little by little, you begin to weigh less than nothing. You shut your eyes; you spread your arms; you let yourself evaporate. And then, little by little, you lift yourself off the ground.Like so.
Sam Owen, 500 Relationships And Life Quotes: Bite-Sized Advice For Busy People|When you walk around feeling quietly upset, frustrated, angry or some other negative emotion, people around you will detect it to some degree or another, even if only subconsciously.
Manali|Get inches from the mirror and tell yourself what happened. Give yourself the news like an autopsy. At 10:02 on Saturday, he discarded you. At oh-nine-hundred-hours, you were overlooked. At whatever time of whenever day, it didn’t work, and it wasn’t what you thought, and it left you in the ash and the rain. Cry and holler and selectively remember whatever it is you want. It will be whatever you want.
Steve Jurvetson|By developing deep learning solutions that are faster, easier, and less expensive to use, Nervana is democratizing deep learning and fueling advances in medical diagnostics, image and speech recognition, genomics, agriculture, finance, and eventually across all industries.
Richard Stites|Where there is true variety, there will be inevitable 'inequality' - that is simply the result of human nature and the pluralism that defines us as a people.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|Yes it’s me, I myself, what I turned out to be, (…) I’m the one here in myself, it’s me. (…) Whatever I was, whatever I wasn’t—it’s all in what I am. Whatever I wanted, whatever I didn’t want—all of this has shaped me. Whatever I loved, or stopped loving—in me it’s the same nostalgia.
Hamzat haruna Ribah|As we were told about others, so others will be told about us. that is "HISTORY". and the most painfull thing about it is that, it does not repeat itself. it comes onece in life and never again.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I also had to come tonight to apologize. If you need to go to Mexico to finish this process off, then I understand. I was wrong to criticize you for it or even imply that I had some kind of say in it. One of the greatest things about you is that in the end, you always make smart decisions. Can’t always say the same for myself. Whatever you need to do, I’ll support you.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 2|When did you become a woman?"-HatoriHow dare you ask that after you have seen me naked so many times..."-YukiGASP! No it cant be! Yuki-kun, does that mean..." fan club girlsNO! He's my doctor..."Yuki
D.S Mashego|When God created you, He already had a plan for your life. Before he brought you into this world, He had already put together a blue print for your life. Your responsibility is to figure out what that blue-print is and run with it.
Gaby Rodriguez, The Pregnancy Project|Work for what you want, pray for what you need and fight for what you've always dreamt about.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|Gods are great," said Atsula, slowly, as if she were comprehending a great secret. "But the heart is greater. For it is from our hearts they come, and to our hearts they shall return...
Debasish Mridha|To achieve greatness, we must overcome the fear of failure and dare to take great risks.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Canadian official multiculturalism has developed through the 1970s and '80s, and has become in the '90s a major part of Canadian political discourse in Canada rather than in the United States, which is also a multi-ethnic country, may be due to the lack of an assimilationist discourse so pervasive in the U.S. The melting pot thesis has not been popular in Canada, where the notion of a social and cultural mosaic has had a greater influence among liberal critics. This mosaic approach has not been compensated with an integrative politics of antiracism or of class struggle which is sensitive to the racialization involved in Canadian class formation. The organized labour movement in Canada has repeatedly displayed anti-immigrant sentiments. For any inspiration for an antiracist theorization and practice of class struggle Canadians have looked to the United States or the Caribbean.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Marveling at his own boldness, he said softly, "I would enter your sleep if I could, and guard you there, and slay the thing that hounds you, as I would if it had the courage to face me in fair daylight. But I cannot come in unless you dream of me.
James     Baldwin, Notes of a Native Son|Any writer, I suppose, feels that the world into which he was born is nothing less than a conspiracy against the cultivation of his talent--which attitude certainly has a great deal to support it. On the other hand, it is only because the world looks on his talent with such frightening indifference that the artist is compelled to make his talent important.
Dan Buettner|I'm learning kite surfing. It's a little surfboard you have on your feet with straps, and you have a big kite like a power glider in the air that pulls you. You don't need waves to move, and it makes a big spray of water as you go.
Viet Thanh Nguyen|I believe our clever young man has intuited that while only the pursuit of happiness is promised to all Americans, unhappiness is guaranteed for many.
Anon1467|I'm not a racist, it's my principle: despite the fact that I'm on a diet and I should eat only white meat I eat also red and dark (I hope this is not a racist words?) with great relish, enjoying every bite.
Galileo Galilei|Where the senses fail us, reason must step in.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|We live in everyone. I live in you. You live in me. There is no gap, no distance.
Greg LeMond|We knew it was going to be the biggest event scheduled in the history of women's sports, but we didn't ever fathom we would be playing before sold-out stadiums all over the country.
Jenna Butler, A Profession of Hope: Farming on the Edge of the Grizzly Trail|I think I realized intellectually at that point, watching the city slowly give way to the last vestiges of parkland and then the black spruce forests of the North, that I could come back to the land deeply fearful, or I could choose to see it as a place of healing. Pain colours us; we carry it behind our eyes for a long time after it’s passed. At some point, we have to decide whether we’re willing to let it take over our lives and change them permanently, or whether we’re going to wrench ourselves open again to the world. I couldn’t make that choice in the city.
Vinita Kinra|Money is scarce; spend if you have to, not because you want to.
Voltaire, Candide|I think being condemned to death is the only real distinction," said Mathilde. "It is the only thing which cannot be bought.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|And now, when Mother called to wake me up for the New Year, I first wanted to pray, but it turned into thanks, darling, for all that God had given us this year. For his wonderful ways with us, even if we don't understand it all now. For his love, that in all our disappointments and sorrow he himself helps us to bear it all, so that all this turns into a blessing because we feel his nearness and can take up our cross joyfully. And so we may know, and we do experience, that his power is made perfect in our weakness.
Martin Luther, The Jews and Their Lies|If God had not permitted the people of Jerusalem to be torn asunder and driven them from the land, but had let them keep it after before, no one could convince them that they are not God`s chosen people.
Sunday Adelaja|We wanted to be accepted by our fellows, especially the influential natural leaders among us; and the ethos of my peers was – until my last year at Oundle – anti-intellectual. You had to pretend to be working less hard than you actually were. Native ability was respected; hard work was not. It was the same on the sports field. Sportsmen were admired more than scholars in any case. But if you could achieve sporting brilliance without training, so much the better. Why is native ability more admired than hard graft? Shouldn’t it be the other way around?
Aberjhani, The American Poet Who Went Home Again|In an age when nations and individuals routinely exchange murder for murder, when the healing grace of authentic spirituality is usurped by the divisive politics of religious organizations, and when broken hearts bleed pain in darkness without the relief of compassion, the voice of an exceptional poet producing exceptional work is not something the world can afford to dismiss.
Thomas Jefferson, Writings: Autobiography/Notes on the State of Virginia/Public & Private Papers/Addresses/Letters|All should be laid open to you without reserve, for there is not a truth existing which I fear, or would wish unknown to the whole world.
Nick Cave, The Death of Bunny Munro|I just found this world a hard place to be good in,’ says Bunny, then he closes his eyes and, with an expiration of breath, goes still.
Ezra Taft Benson|It is a fundamental truth that the responsibilities of motherhood cannot be successfully delegated. No, not to day-care centers, not to schools, not to nurseries, not to babysitters. We become enamored with men’s theories such as the idea of preschool training outside the home for young children. Not only does this put added pressure on the budget, but it places young children in an environment away from mother’s influence. Too often the pressure for popularity, on children and teens, places an economic burden on the income of the father, so mother feels she must go to work to satisfy her children’s needs. That decision can be most shortsighted. It is mother’s influence during the crucial formative years that forms a child’s basic character. Home is the place where a child learns faith, feels love, and thereby learns from mother’s loving example to choose righteousness. How vital are mother’s influence and teaching in the home—and how apparent when neglected!
Jim George|Remember, sometimes you have to look beyond the weirdness. It's like the temple in ancient Jerusalem. If you went there, you'd see oxen being slaughtered and all sorts of things. But look beyond the weirdness, to what it means.
David F. Porteous, The Death of Jack Nylund|This is a picture of him from 1919, just after the war, looking like he slept in that uniform all the way from France. He still had that face, but he wasn't the same. I know there's men who came back changed: the Paterson boy up in Brownville hung himself that summer. Nobody talked about it much, and I suppose that was for the best. But Jack wasn't like that; it hadn't been a terrible thing for him, I don't think. Or if it had been, then it was one of those terrible things you get through and it sets you free.
W. Phillip Keller, Salt For Society|It is becoming fashionable to scorn the idea of sin in society. The impact of humanistic thinking is to belittle the concept that man is corrupt. Psychologists and psychiatrists would persuade us that people really are not responsible for their wrongs. Rather, the view of sociologists is that the environment is all wrong.Their cry is, 'Change society and you will get better men and women'. It simply does not happen.Christ's call is, 'Change men and women and you will get a better society'. This does work. It always has.
Mark W. Boyer|A person with money who chooses to spend it on you, takes little effort and is meaningless. However, a person with no time who manages to spend what little they have on you... this means everything and should appreciated.
Luke Evans|I think sometimes if you are alone, you are freer because your time is your own.
Edwina Gateley, Soul Sisters: Women in Scripture Speak to Women Today|You dreamed like all mothers do.Until he began to speak aloud,Your boy,calling for justice in the market place,Demanding integrity and fair playin the courts and halls of business.Declaring the Realm of GodImminent,Manifest . . .Jesus leapt into the swelling crowdslike an axe into wood,Uncompromising and unrelentingin his passionate callfor peace and justice.Jesus, your boy,causing havoc in public,critiquing and condemningthe status quo,breaking rule after rule . . .And with every speech, with every act of defiance, with every call to liberation, with every amazing deed,Your dreams of peace and liberation,Your dreams of a secure old age,Your dreams of grandchildren—Evaporated.
Peter Kreeft, Jesus-Shock|Violence is spiritual junk food, and boredom is spiritual anorexia.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|I point out truths when I see them, Brightlord Sadeas. Each man has his place. Mine is to make insults. Yours is to be in-sluts.
Eileen Anglin|Prayer is powerful, but prayer combined with action creates miracles.
Lucy Larcom|Both tears and sweat are salty, but they render a different result. Tears will get you sympathy; sweat will get you change.
Edmund de Waal, The Hare With Amber Eyes: A Family's Century of Art and Loss|Finally, I’d say to anyone who wants to tell these tales, don’t be afraid to be superstitious. If you have a lucky pen, use it. If you speak with more force and wit when wearing one red sock and one blue one, dress like that. When I’m at work I’m highly superstitious. My own superstition has to do with the voice in which the story comes out. I believe that every story is attended by its own sprite, whose voice we embody when we tell the tale, and that we tell it more successfully if we approach the sprite with a certain degree of respect and courtesy. These sprites are both old and young, male and female, sentimental and cynical, sceptical and credulous, and so on, and what’s more, they’re completely amoral: like the air-spirits who helped Strong Hans escape from the cave, the story-sprites are willing to serve whoever has the ring, whoever is telling the tale. To the accusation that this is nonsense, that all you need to tell a story is a human imagination, I reply, ‘Of course, and this is the way my imagination works.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you do not achieve your God-given goals, it does not mean God has not given the power. It rather means you have taken His power for granted!
Glenn Reynolds|For if there were a list of cosmic things that unite us, reader and writer, visible as it scrolled up into the distance, like the introduction to some epic science-fiction film, then shining brightly on that list would be the fact that we exist in a financial universe that is subject to massive gravitational pulls from states. States tug at us. States bend us. And, tirelessly, states seek to determine our orbits.
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|Purity both of the body and the soul rests on the steadfastness of the will strengthened by God's grace, and cannot be forcibly taken from an unwilling person.
John Lanchester, Capital|The idea of luxury, even the word "luxury," was important to Arabella. Luxury meant something that was by definition overpriced, but was so nice, so lovely, in itself that you did not mind, in fact was so lovely that the expensiveness became part of the point, part of the distinction between the people who could not afford a thing and the select few who not only could, but also understood the desirability of paying so much for it. Arabella knew that there were thoughtlessly rich people who could afford everything; she didn't see herself as one of them but instead as one of an elite who both knew what money meant and could afford the things they wanted; and the knowledge of what money meant gave the drama of high prices a special piquancy. She loved expensive things because she knew what their expensiveness meant. She had a complete understanding of the signifiers.
Bill Watterson|They say the world is a stage. But obviously the play is unrehearsed and everybody is ad-libbing his lines.""Maybe that’s why it’s hard to tell if we’re living in a tragedy or a farce.""We need more special effects and dance numbers.
Emi Iyalla|Life is easy for some, hard for others. Some succeed with minimal effort, others have to put in a lot of efforts and some have it served in a dish. Whichever your case is, make the best of it. Enjoy the journey.You can't control the side of life you fall into but you can rise beyond any limitation it places on you. Those who have it easy are made of plastic, you are made of steel. Do what you must today.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|It is a childish notion that once established, our boundaries will never be transgressed again...We shall have to stand for ourselves repeatedly for the rest of our lives. As we practice doing this, we come to greater ease...Eventually it may float over entirely into the positive realm—becoming only another chance to demonstrated our worthiness.
Dada Bhagwan|While following religion, where ‘any thing’ is required, they are all called ‘relative’ paths.
Robert L. Short, The Gospel According to Peanuts|Everybody looked at Sully suspiciously. A rumor that he had burned up in the blaze had been circulating, and people had quickly adjusted to the idea of profound human tragedy. They were reluctant to give it up, Sully could tell. He smiled apologetically at the crowd.
Rythmic Karma|Life is like Alice's White Rabbit. He runs away and does not grab anything, but this is not important: what matters is to keep on pursuing him.
Matt      Chandler, Creature of the Word: The Jesus-Centered Church|Our ferocious commitment to our children's safety and success, along with our genuine love, drives us to endure the often unhappy experience of disciplining our children.
Kylie Gilmore, Daisy Does It All|I’d start by laying her down on my bed and undressing her. Slowly. Carefully. So she wiggled and stretched and soft pants escaped her lips. My hands would be all over her. My mouth, too. When she wore nothing but the blue scrap of lace between her legs, I’d take her wrists and cuff her hands to my bedpost.
Nadia Comaneci|Once I found professional happiness, it gave me time to think about other areas in my life in which I wasn't happy. The next obvious candidate for introspection was my marriage.
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|Why are we reading, if not in hope of beauty laid bare, life heightened and its deepest mystery probed? Can the writer isolate and vivify all in experience that most deeply engages our intellects and our heats? Can the writer renew our hope for literary forms? Why are we reading if not in hope that the writer will magnify and dramatize our days, will illuminate and inspire us with wisdom, courage, and the possibility of meaningfulness, and will press upon our minds the deepest mysteries, so we may feel again their majesty and power?
A.E.H. Veenman|So, tomorrow, I'm leaving. And I'm not going to let that happen again with anyone else. I'm going to do what I want to do. I'm going to be who I really am. And I'm going to figure out what that is. But right now I'm here with you. And I want to know where you are, what you need, and what you want to do.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Suffering is an essential component of life. No person escapes suffering, which is indivisible from life itself. Suffering is what places in in contact with the self; it is what allows us to understand the spiritual nature behind our existence.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|(I)f we are going to be kind, let it be out of simple generosity, not because we fear guilt or retribution.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|Burn wounds always elicited pain more terrible than anything else he had ever endured. He didn’t relish the idea of forcing himself to suffer through such agony. But it was necessary. Earth depended on them taking possession of the key. “It’s the only way out,” Andrew reminded him.“I understand that, but—”“The trials we have faced thus far have been minimal,” Andrew said, cutting off Sebastian’s retort. “What we seek is the key to the universe. You didn’t expect it to be easy, did you?
Glenn A. Maltais|Unlike the rest of nature, our mission in life is not etched in stone. We can choose our destiny, and we do, either by design or default, by taking control of our lives’ or relinquishing it to others.
Randall Jarrell|From my mother's sleep I fell into the State,And I hunched in its belly till my wet fur froze.Six miles from earth, loosed from the dream of life,I woke to black flak and the nightmare fighters.When I died they washed me out of the turret with a hose.
John C. Reilly|I'm a big fan of imagination. I think it's the strongest tool we have, and there are some things that you just can't practice.
Lisa Kleypas, Blue-Eyed Devil|There was no time for kissing but she wanted him to know that in the future there would be. A kiss in so much loneliness was like a hand pulling you up out of the water, scooping you up from a place of drowning and into the reckless abundance of air. A kiss, another kiss.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|The moon is no door. It is a face in its own right,White as a knuckle and terribly upset.It drags the sea after it like a dark crime; it is quietWith the O-gape of complete despair. I live here.
Steve Watkins, What Comes After|In the silence, I could hear the distinct sound of goats maa-ing in the barn. Lying there listening to them made me smile, too. I'd always loved goats - every one of them different from every other one, and all of them goofy and playful.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...here's what I've learned - people will hurt you, but you don't have to respond - not every mean comment or cruel act deserves to be noticed ...
Stanisław Ignacy Witkiewicz|The one thing is fiction in a novel and the other thing is reality. With fiction you don't make a fuss - you can 'beat it' and there's never enough. At least in my opinion - cause there are people, who complain about style intensity in literature: they prefer cereals with milk than abyssinian bitches roasted alive on bringhausers and watered with ya-yoo juice.
Chris Paynter, Survived by Her Longtime Companion|If you do not understand yourself, you will never understand the world around. The biggest world is within, outside views are our perceptual creation.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|four meta-movements that separately and together are redefining the American dream: living with limits, embracing diversity, looking inward, and demanding authenticity.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|These days, a sling of truth, still can make Goliath fall.
Caryl Phillips, Higher Ground|What's the story here, Karl?' Kevin asked.'Hard as it is to believe, these people are slaves,' Karl explained.'Slaves?' I asked skeptically.'Well, you might not call them that but they are virtual slaves. They don't receive any pay. They are dealt with harshly. They don't have anywhere else to go''What about the government? Don't they help?' Marcus asked.'The government?' Karl laughed. 'The government my eye! Those generals stay in power several years, make a bundle smuggling drugs, and once they're millionaires, they retire. Some other lousy generals take over from them, and history repeats itself. You think they give a shit what happens to a few lousy Indians?
Holt McCallany|The Hollywood movies are more like novels, and the kinds of films I make are more like poems.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Magic is seeing wonder in nature's every little thing, seeing how wonderful the fireflies are and how magical are the dragonflies.
James     Baldwin, If Beale Street Could Talk|Only a man can see in the face of a woman the girl she was. It is a secret which can be revealed only to a particular man, and, then, only at his insistence. But men have no secrets, except from women, and never grow up in the way women do. It is very much harder, and it takes much longer, for a man to grow up, and he could never do it at all without women. This is a mystery which can terrify and immobilize a woman, and it is always the key to her deepest distress. She must watch and guide, but he must lead, and he will always appear to be giving far more of his real attention to his comrades than he is giving to her. But that noisy, outward openness of men with each other enables them to deal with the silence and secrecy of women, that silence and secrecy which contains the truth of a man, and releases it. I suppose that the root of the resentment—a resentment which hides a bottomless terror—has to do with the fact that a woman is tremendously controlled by what the man’s imagination makes of her—literally, hour by hour, day by day; so she becomes a woman. But a man exists in his own imagination, and can never be at the mercy of a woman’s.—Anyway, in this fucked up time and place, the whole thing becomes ridiculous when you realize that women are supposed to be more imaginative than men. This is an idea dreamed up by men, and it proves exactly the contrary. The truth is that dealing with the reality of men leaves a woman very little time, or need, for imagination. And you can get very fucked up, here, once you take seriously the notion that a man who is not afraid to trust his imagination (which is all that men have ever trusted) if effeminate. It says a lot about this country, because, of course, if all you want to do is make money, the very last thing you need is imagination. Or women, for that matter: or men.
James Bergson|THE INTENTION OF LIFE IS NOT TO REMAIN, BUT TO EVOLVE TO SOMETHING BETTER THAN IT WAS BEFORE AT EVERY STAGE, AND FINALLY, TO SOMETHING WONDERFUL.
Tsitsi Dangarembga, Nervous Conditions|What it is,” she sighed, “to have to choose between self and security.
Bill Cosby|The past is a ghost, the future a dream and all we ever have is now.
Evangelist Jordan Wells|If your church is not going to support the committed same-sex relationships of LGBT congregants, be honest about that. Bait-and-switch is deceptively un-Christ-like and serves to push gay and transgender believers farther away each time the deception happens.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I happen to know that history is nothing but a spin and metaphor, which is what all yarns are made up of, when you strip them down to the underlay. And what makes a hit or a myth, of course, is how that story is told, and by whom.
Stephen Grosz, The Examined Life: How We Lose and Find Ourselves|For a minute, the fantasy frightened her, but ultimately, this fear saved her from feeling alone.
Barbara Hodgson, The Tattooed Map|In this landI have made myself sick with silenceIn this landI have wandered, lostIn this landI hunkered down to seeWhat will become of me.In this landI held myself tightSo as not to scream.-But I did scream, so loudThat this land howled back at meAs hideouslyAs it builds its houses.In this landI have been sownOnly my head sticksDefiant, out of the earthBut one day it too will be mownMaking me, finallyOf this land.-Charlie's poem
Adam Gopnik|Good editorial writing has less to do with winning an argument, since the other side is mostly not listening, than with telling the guys on your side how they ought to sound when they're arguing.
Nurudeen Ushawu|To every corner of the planet, to the young and old, to all humanity. I see your beauty. I really do.
Benjamin Zander, The Art of Possibility: Transforming Professional and Personal Life|How often do we stand convinced of the truth of our early memories, forgetting that they are assessments made by a child? We can replace the narratives that hold us back by inventing wiser stories, free from childish fears, and, in doing so, disperse long-held psychological stumbling blocks.
James Hurst, The Scarlet Ibis: The Collection of Wonder|Jack laughed behind him, a mirthless sound from a man who had been on the wrong end of life's ironies too many times.
James Patterson, Sundays at Tiffany's|Men suck, even imaginary ones
Azelene Williams, INFERTILITY Road to Hell and Back|I know my mouth is agape and my eyes are wide, but I'm relieved that hope isn't a tangible thing, because everyone around me would see mine crumbling.
Mensah Oteh|You don’t have to allow the drama and events of the economy, others people’s lives, and external circumstances to limit your potential and rob you of the life you deserve.
Polly Horvath, My One Hundred Adventures|I keep staring at the bag in Mrs. Parks's hand: yellows, greens, blues, whites, pastel colors so soft they look as if they have faded in the sea. The washed colors of the sea and sleep. Pajama colors. The colors of baby clothes. In my nose is the smell of my brothers' heads after they are born. Maybe this is why people making journeys buy saltwater taffy. It gives you the lovely dreamy sense that you can start all over again from the beginning.
Efdal Korkmaz|I really miss you and I still have that one picture of you, where your eyes had no point of view, but pictures say nothing and this one will stay in my minds room.
Craig Schaefer, The Long Way Down|The best way to protect evil, to deny it existence.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|You know what to do?” “Wander around,” I said. “Until I spot a self-assembled whangdoodle from the Foggy depths.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I could not answer the ceaseless inward question-why I thus suffered; now, at the distance of-I will not say how many years, I see it clearly.
Debasish Mridha|Your perception about the world creates your thoughts, your thoughts create your desires and intention, and your intentions manifest as your reality.
Friedrich A. Hayek, Individualism and Economic Order|Even if we could grow our way out of the crisis and delay the inevitable and painful reconciliation of virtual and real wealth, there is the question of whether this would be a wise thing to do. Marginal costs of additional growth in rich countries, such as global warming, biodiversity loss and roadways choked with cars, now likely exceed marginal benefits of a little extra consumption. The end result is that promoting further economic growth makes us poorer, not richer.
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|You couldn't be romantic if your life depended on it." "You know what's lucky? Most bad guys don't ask you to be romantic on command, so that probably won't matter.
John S. Watson|What I see are people who want affordable energy. They want strong environmental standards - they want a lot of things - but first and foremost they want affordable energy. And if you want affordable energy, you want oil, gas and coal.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|We lawyers do not write plain English. We use eight words to say what could be said in two. We use arcane phrases to express commonplace ideas. Seeking to be precise, we become redundant. Seeking to be cautious, we become verbose. Our sentences twist on, phrase within clause within clause, glazing the eyes and numbing the minds of our readers. The result is a writing style that has, according to one critic, four outstanding characteristics. It is (1) wordy, (2) unclear, (3) pompous, and (4) dull.
Bernard Kops|Welcome young poet, in here you are free to follow your star to where you should be.That door of the library was the door into meAnd Lorca and Shelley said “Come to the feast.”Whitechapel Library, Aldgate East.
Paulina Christensen|If I don't eat junk, I don't gain weight.
Natalie Babbitt|Yale places great stress on undergraduate and graduate teaching. I like teaching, and I do a lot of it.
Amy Jarecki, A Highland Knight to Remember|Miss Edith Clay brightened the room with her presence. Just from walking through the door, she’d made the room a happier place. This was true despite his having spent the last several months assuring himself his recollection of her had to be incorrect. His recollection was not incorrect. It was appallingly accurate.
Kris Rafferty|Talent does not search for the person, in fact the person needs to search for the talent inside him and take it out to show the world.
Benjamin Suulola|Outstanding success in life, leadership, business, marriage and ministry always come down to a test of whether or not you will make a sacrifice when no one else is watching. The key to our success is what we will do when no one will applaud us or even notice us.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|Sensei says funerals are not really for the dead. They are for those left behind. "The dead are long gone by the time a funeral is held," he told us. "Who would wait when the doors of Heaven are open? Only the living would be foolish enough to still hang around on earth.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If you don't burn out at the end of each day, you're a bum.
Ernest Holmes, The Science of Mind|In some ways, discovering that our physical universe is formed in a completely different way to what we thought is a bit like someone in a Star Trek Holodeck program suddenly seeing a bit of the actual spaceship and questioning their own sense of ‘what is real?
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|How concrete everything becomes in the world of the spirit when an object, a mere door, can give images of hesitation, temptation, desire, security, welcome and respect. If one were to give an account of all the doors one has closed and opened, of all the doors one would like to re-open, one would have to tell the story of one's entire life.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|This is why introductions are important--because in the beginning, despite the fact that we already believe we know what it means, there's a chance that over time the definition will change from one thing to another.
Rebecca Goldstein, Properties of Light: A Novel of Love, Betrayal, and Quantum Physics|The velocities and forces involved in anything at orbital altitudes were enough to kill a human with just the rounding error. At their speeds, the friction from air too thin to breathe would set them on fire.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Quit beating yourself up, beat your goals up instead.
Bobbie Ann Mason|We have more tools at hand, literally, to make life easier and more productive than ever. We have Google, Wikipedia, iPads, iPhones, iTunes, YouTube, Netflix, and 600 cable channels. We can shop, pay bills, order food, and get nearly everything delivered, all of it with the touch of a finger on a device in the palm of our hand.
Debasish Mridha|If love and kindness is life's investment, then joy and happiness will be life's profit and dividend.
René Girard, I See Satan Fall Like Lightning|The commandment to imitate Jesus does not appear suddenly in a world exempt from imitation; rather it is addressed to everyone that mimetic rivalry has affected. Non-Christians imagine that to be converted they must renounce an autonomy that all people possess naturally, a freedom and independence that Jesus would like to take away from them. In reality, once we imitate Jesus, we discover that our aspiration to autonomy has always made us bow down before individuals who may not be worse than we are but who are nonetheless bad models because we cannot imitate them without falling with them into the trap of rivalries in which we are ensnarled more and more.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Words change depending on who speaks them; there is no cure. The answer isn't just to introduce new words (boi, cis-gendered, andro-fag) and then set out to reify their meanings (though obviously there is power and pragmatism here). One must also become alert to the multitude of possible uses, possible contexts, the wings with which each word can fly. Like when you whisper, You're just a hold, letting me fill you up. Like when I say husband.
Jack Williamson, Darker Than You Think|Her long body stiffened against him. Her cool fingers tightened in his shaggy fur, and her bare, clinging heels dug deep into his heaving flanks. She was sweet against him, and the clear logic of this new life conquered the dreary conventions of that old, dim existence where he had walked in bitter death.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Against Nature|Far from seeking to justify, as does the Church, the necessity of torments and afflictions, he cried, in his outraged pity: 'If a God has made this world, I should not wish to be that God. The world's wretchedness would rend my heart.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|…everyone needs a somewhere, a place he can go. There comes a time, you see, inevitably there comes a time you have to have a somewhere you can go!
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|Love is patient, love is kind.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the ground.
Janosch Fingerhut|So this is love:the Sculptor’s chisel.And stone, which in its whole lifedoes not utter a single word,suddenly sings.
Deyth Banger|Her character was like a country which on first acquaintance seems grand, but inhospitable; but in which presently you discover smiling little villages among fruit trees in the folds of the majestic mountains, and pleasant ambling rivers that flow kindly through lush meadows. But these comfortable scenes, though they surprise and even reassure you, are not enough to make you feel at home in the land of tawny heights and windswept spaces.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|Significance is about making a difference, and its pursuit should ideally come before the pursuit of success – or at least at the same time.
R.D. Ronald|You know that if I were reincarnated, I’d want to come back a buzzard. Nothing hates him or envies him or wants him or needs him. He is never bothered or in danger, and he can eat anything.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|SUN, MOON, AND STARRY SKYEarly summer evenings, when the first stars come out, the warm glow of sunset still stains the rim of the western sky.Sometimes, the moon is also visible, a pale white slice, while the sun tarries.Just think -- all the celestial lights are present at the same time!These are moments of wonder -- see them and remember.
Sunday Adelaja|Your job cannot sustain you, only your calling can
Edmund White|After a while in marriage, it doesn't work anymore. There is something missing, there is something wrong. There are few marriages that stay alive forever. We like something, and after a while, we hate what we used to love.
T.E. Lawrence|If I have to dangle myself in the water like a freaking minnow, I will. Those people don't deserve this type of treatment. ~Willow Mosby (Exposing ELE)
Scott Stabile|When we open ourselves up to feeling, we can't only open ourselves up to feeling certain things. The same is true when we shut ourselves down. The walls that guard against sadness also guard against happiness.
Angelica Hopes|I am motivated by thoughts of my sorrowful little client and the screwing that he got. I'm the only lawyer Donny Ray has, and it will take much more than paper to slow me down.
Rudyard Kipling|Somerset House in London where at one time English vital statistics were kept - birth  marriage and death records - was known as the egg factory "where they hatch 'em  match 'em  and dispatch 'em."
Jim Butcher, Academ's Fury|Isana felt her throat tighten. "We failed." Serai lifted her chin and patted Isana's arm firmly."We have not yet succeeded. There is a difference.
John Gray, Perros de paja: Reflexiones sobre los humanos y otros animales|Women like this exploited a person's natural civility, marching through the gaps left by a inability to speak the naked truth.
Gwyneth Paltrow|My father, he was like the rock, the guy you went to with every problem.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Up and down," Meera would sigh sometimes as they walked, "then down and up. Then up and down again. I hate these stupid mountains of yours, Prince Bran.""Yesterday you said you loved them.""Oh, I do. My lord father told me about mountains, but I never saw one till now. I love them more than I can say."Bran made a face at her. "But you just said you hated them.""Why can't it be both?" Meera reached up to pinch his nose."Because they're different," he insisted. "Like night and day, or ice and fire.""If ice can burn," said Jojen in his solemn voice, "then love and hate can mate. Mountain or marsh, it makes no matter. The land is one.""One," his sister agreed, "but over wrinkled.
Reba McEntire|Growing up, a film was an action film or it was a comedy or it was romantic, but you don't really see such stark lines between genres nowadays.
Steve Forbert|I'm a racer at heart more than anything else, and that will always be my priority: competing. But ultimately, if you can't drive, you can still have the competitive spirit outside of a car.
Plato|In war, whichever side may call itself the victor, there are no winners, but all are losers.
John Boozman|The serve, I was too young and too small and... not enough powerful to have a good serve when I was young, so my forehand was always my signature shot. So I used to always run around my backhand, you know, use my forehand as much as I could, and so that's why I think it's my strength also today, you know.
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|Why the sea?' he asked.I smiled, meeting his eyes and seeing the colour I was describing.'Because it's such a magical colour, so pretty and powerful all at the same time; think about what the water is, how demanding it can be one minute, then how calm and serene it can be the next.
Joseph de Maistre|Right now he was nothing but a physically hurt man who had been through hell and back, clinging to his promise. “We be... together. More than just... few... hours. Wanna die... with you. Not... alone.” Fought to stay awake, needed to spend every second with Vadim while he could.Vadim kissed that hand again, looked up. “We won’t die. We'll never die. I promise. He’d promise anything, meant it, would die defending this man, would live and die and suffer for him.
Nora Roberts|Is this how Julia Roberts' character feels like in Pretty Woman? Two parts princess, one part whore?
Ernest Hemingway, Islands in the Stream|I planned my whole future around Adam,' she said now, quietly. 'And now I have nothing.''No,' I told her, 'now you just don't have Adam. There's a big difference, Lissa. You just can't see it yet.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness will bloom With fragrance and beautyIf you plant the seeds of loveWith a deep driving desire in the garden of hopeAnd nurture with tenderness,Compassion, and care;If you are always eager to share.
M.F. Moonzajer|Everyday 25,000 people die from poverty and hunger. And we have forgotten that they are also human.
S. Jae-Jones, Wintersong|I am wildness and madness made flesh. You're just a girl"–he smiled, and the tips of his teeth were sharp–"and I am the wolf in the woods.
Lennart Nilsson|My diminished girth, in tailor phraseology, was hardly conceivable even by my own friends, or my respected medical adviser, until I put on my former clothing, over what I now wear, which is a thoroughly convincing proof of the remarkable change.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We deceive ourselves if we believe we can hold on to old models as ideologies whimper off to a shallow grave in prolonged agony of people, institutions and cultures.
Barbara Blatner, The Still Position: A Verse Memoir of My Mother's Death|oh. she heard it too-no waters coursing, canyon empty, sun soundless- and the beast your life nowhere hiding (p. 103)
Angela Duckworth|Manners is the key thing. Say, for instance, when you're growing up, you're walking down the street, you've got to tell everybody good morning. Everybody. You can't pass one person.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Contrary to what we may have been taught to think, unnecessary and unchosen suffering wounds us but need not scar us for life. It does mark us. What we allow the mark of our suffering to become is in our own hands.
Steve Martin|The real test of a musician is live performance. It's one thing to spend a long time learning how to play well in the studio, but to do it in front of people is what keeps me coming back to touring.
Kim Kardashian|Oh, this is going to be fun; he actually thinks he's teaching me something.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Building up a dream is like building a room; the foundation must be deep, strong, firm and dependable.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Before you can brighten the corner where you are, you must first develop dislike for the initial dull corner you once endured. You can’t change what you are comfortable with.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Oh yes, I am frequently driven to an enraged frenzy by the blatantly crass actions of others. But to be painfully honest, that anger is much less driven by the reality of their actions and far more fueled by the realization that everything I am is everything that I hate in them.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|I'd rather love a million times and have my heart broken every time, than hold a permanitely empty heart forever.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Loving someone doesn't mean you have to bow down to them or drop everything and run to their relentless calls. They must understand and love you enough to give you the respect that you deserve. Loving someone doesn't mean you have to shower them with gifts all the time. Give them your honesty, hope, joy, and encouragement on a daily basis.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|It's a combination of science, maintenance, and general housekeeping. And then, occasionally, robotics activities or a spacewalk you might get to do.
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|Equally serious is the complaint that psychoanalysis as a medical practice is a form of oppressive social control, labelling individuals and forcing them to conform to arbitrary definitions of ‘normality’. This charge is in fact more usually aimed against psychiatric medicine as a whole: as far as Freud’s own views on ‘normality’ are concerned, the accusation is largely misdirected. Freud’s work showed, scandalously, just how ‘plastic’ and variable in its choice of objects libido really is, how so-called sexual perversions form part of what passes as normal sexuality, and how heterosexuality is by no means a natural or self-evident fact. It is true that Freudian psychoanalysis does usually work with some concept of a sexual ‘norm’; but this is in no sense given by Nature.
Patricia Briggs, Silver Borne|Beginning in 1519 and continuing until the end of his life, Luther expounded a theme that the Sacrament brings and means a fellowship of love and mercy: "This fellowship consists in this, that all the spiritual possessions of Christ and his saints are shared with and become the common property of him who receives this sacrament. Again all sufferings and sins also become common property; and thus love engenders love in return and [mutual love] unites . . . It is like a city where every citizen shares with all the others the city's name, honor, freedom, trade, customs, usages, help, support, protection, and the like, while at the same time he shares all the dangers of fire and flood, enemies and death, losses taxes and the like. For he who would share in the profits must also share in the costs, and ever recompense love with love . . ." For Luther, unity with respect to the Sacrament meant both doctrinal agreement and love. When the prerequisite to church fellowship is defined merely (however important!) in terms of doctrinal fellowship, it can end in a Platonic pursuit of a frigid and rigid mental ideal. Doctrinal unity, true unity in Christ's body and blood, is also a unity of deep love and mercy. If I will not lay down my burden on Christ and the community, or take up the burdens of others who come to the Table, then I should not go to the Sacrament. Close(d) Communion is also a fellowship of love and mercy with my brother and sister in Christ as Luther taught in the previous citation.
David Lynch|It’s maybe impossible to escape (your own head), but I guess the secret is the prison cell just gets bigger and bigger and bigger and prettier and prettier and prettier.
J. J. Watt|Whatever free time I get, I love to catch news and sports shows.
Quentin Tarantino|I'm terrified of the supernatural things, which is why I'm very grateful that I don't see things like that. Because if I did see things of the paranormal persuasion, I don't think I'd be able to continue making scary movies.
Dr. Seuss, Happy Birthday to You!|Today you are You, that is truer than true. There is no one alive who is Youer than You.
Shannon L. Alder|God has a way of picking a “nobody” and turning their world upside down, in order to create a “somebody” that will remove the obstacles they encountered out of the pathway for others.
Debasish Mridha|To understand the song of life, listen to the melody of wind and ocean and watch the dance of waves and water.
Mensah Oteh|If you learn to be grateful and celebrate each day, you have mastered the secret to living.
Samantha Towle, The Mighty Storm|You can see when someone's been hurt the way I was. It's obvious. Something changes in their eyes; pain becomes their center, even when they try to hide it.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|I know what it is to be pushed in a direction you don't want to go, or one you're not ready for. People say they know what's best for you. Maybe sometimes it's true. But it doesn't matter if they keep pushing until they take your choices away.
William McDavid, Law & Gospel: A Theology for Sinners|The gospel is not mere forgiveness or grace, empty of content, but always refers to Jesus. So the gospel is good news about a human person who is God in our history, our world and who came to accomplish something in his life death and resurrection.
|A real decision is measured by the fact that you've taken a new action. If there's no action, you haven't truly decided.
Kunal Nayyar|Being a Hot Mom means being respected as a mom and a woman. And, the key to being a Hot Mom is having a sense of humor about yourself and all the crazy situations that arise.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Everyone has always said I look like Bailey, but I don't.I have grey eyes to her green,an oval face to her heart-shaped one,I'm shorter, scrawnier, paler, flatter, plainer, tamer.All we shared is a madhouse of curlsthat I imprison in a ponytailwhile she let hers ravelike madnessaround her head.I don't sing in my sleepor eat the petals off flowersor run into the rain instead of out of it.I'm the unplugged-in one,the side-kick sister,tucked into a corner of her shadow.Boys followed her everywhere;they filled the booths at the restaurant where she waitressed,herded around her at the river.One day, I saw a boy come up behind herand pull a strand of her long hairI understood this-I felt the same way.In photographs of us together,she is always looking at the camera,and I am always looking at her.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|Growing up in NYC,The broken sidewalks, graffiti filled subways, and humid Laundromats, did not offer solace. I found solace in the strings of my violin, in my ballet slippers at the studio, and while gazing at frescoes in the halls of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. It was always in the Arts that my soul was replenished.
Nick Lake, In Darkness|Her eyes beamed over the top of the cup like Peterbilt high beams coming over a hillcrest, full moon rising over a mountain lake with its reflected partner, 747 landing lights coming down onto a runway.
Micheal Tsarion|Want to know who I am?Your responses indicate that you have a normal desire to share yourself with others. However, this need is not being adequately fulfilled at present.As a result, you unconsciously attempt to treat this emptiness with momentary interests and temporary passions. If left unaddressed, this imbalance leads to impulsive behavior and unnecessary risks.Past betrayals have left you generally suspicious of others’ behavior, particularly regarding romantic relationships. You fear you may be exploited if you open yourself too fully. Consequently, you often seek some proof of a new friend’s or lover’s sincerity before you decide to trust them.Further complicating your relationships is the anxiety you have about your unfulfilled personal and professional goals. You fear that you’ve made decisions that weren’t in your own best interest, or failed to take advantage of opportunities when they presented themselves.The desire to overcome these challenges sometimes lead you to seem pushy or even arrogant. Because this competitive urge is not always apparent to others, they are often surprised by it.However, the passion that underlies your desire for success is unique. This makes you unlike others. You cannot simply accept what life has to offer; you aspire for more.Between each inhale and exhale we die and are reborn.
Katie Reus, Love Thy Enemy|Jay stepped into the room, and for a split second both her heart and lungs seemed to stop functioning. Then her heart lurched into rhythm again, and she drew a deep, painful breath. Tears sprang to her eyes as she stared at the inert form on the white hospital bed, and his name trembled soundlessly on her lips. It didn't seem possible that this ... this could be Steve.
Tori Spelling|All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance.
Courtney Milan, Unraveled|Mother Nature's ruthless to the weak, but isn't arbitrary cruel or negative. Mother Nature saves aggression for extreme situations, and instead uses consistent leadership--to help keep things running smoothly. Mother nature doesn't rule by fear and anger, but by calm strength and assertiveness.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|I’m not trying to—What do teenagers say nowadays?” he asked my grandmother.“Get all up in her biznez,” Nana said.Without cracking a smile.“That’s right,” he replied. “We’re not trying to get all up in your biznez, Ali.
Bill Watterson|CALVIN:This whole Santa Claus thing just doesn't make sense. Why all the secrecy? Why all the mystery?If the guy exists why doesn't he ever show himself and prove it?And if he doesn't exist what's the meaning of all this?HOBBES:I dunno. Isn't this a religious holiday? CALVIN:Yeah, but actually, I've got the same questions about God.
Nick|If you can dream it, you can achieve it.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|I wanted to curl up into a fetal position and start sucking my thumb, let my tears and dripping saliva pool under me. Sorry. I tried living, tried being sentient. Can't do it. Can't live in the same universe with that.
Julie James, Practice Makes Perfect|I've been in love with you since the very beginning. You asked why there isn't anyone else in my life, and the reason... is you.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Can you design a Rorschach test that's going to make everyone feel something every time - and that looks like a Rorschach test? It's easy to show a picture of a kitten or a car accident. The question is, how abstract can you get and still get the audience to feel something when they don't know what's happening to them?
Mikhail Bakhtin|Music is the language of the universe, which everyone, including all animals, can understand.
Stephen Richards|If you want new results, get a new mindset!
Melania Trump|I certainly have routines in my day-to-day life that are important to me and still give me feelings of security and control, but the capacity to break out of them every so often as I travel has given me a second wind.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|Blanchefleur felt a quick rush of affection for her. When the world frowned, Branwen went on smiling. There was a heart of steel under all that froth and bubble.
Muhammad Iqbal, Zarb-e-Kaleem: Armagan-e-Hijaz|Khuda tujhe kisi toofaan se aashna karde,Ke tere behr ki maujon men iztiraab naheenMay God grant you a storm! The voyage of your life is on too placid an ocean…
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|How would you ever come to know God’s name for that star? – You wouldn’t, He holds it close, the boy said. It’s a thing you’ll never know. It’s a lesson that sometimes we’re meant to settle for ignorance. Right there’s what mostly comes of knowledge [boy tips his chin at the battlefield]
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|The purpose of a spiritual discipline is to give us a way to stop the war, not by our force of will, but organically, through understanding an gradual training.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|A slow, knowing smile came over Keirah's face. Her heart filled with happiness, believing the Gwarda gypsy sitting next to her at this very moment was worthy of her beloved sister.
Mitt Romney|When I was younger, the idea of the bad boy was appealing, but then I grew up and realized that stable people are more fulfilling. Bad boys need more time to themselves. I want to be in a relationship with someone who knows how to take care of himself and is therefore able to take care of me. That way, we can put each other first.
Mary Jedlicka Humston, Mary & Me: A Lasting Link Through Ink|Loss will gut-punch you no matter the age of the deceased. It drops you to your knees. It shatters the dreams of your families...It brings tears, anger, shock and a rejection of faith--or the complete opposite: a reliance on faith. It creates the walking wounded.
Jane Austen|Give a girl an education and introduce her properly into the world, and ten to one but she has the means of settling well, without further expense to anybody. 
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|The choice-obsessed modern West is probably more accommodating to individuals who choose to eat differently than any other culture has ever been, but ironically, the utterly unselective omnivore - “I’m easy; I’ll eat anything” - can appear more socially sensitive than the individual who tries to eat in a way that is good for society. Food choices are determined by many factors, but reason (even consciousness) is not generally high on the list.
Earl Lee, Raptured: The Final Daze of the Late, Great Planet Earth|If he is infinitely good, what reason should we have to fear him? If he is infinitely wise, why should we have doubts concerning our future? If he knows all, why warn him of our needs and fatigue him with our prayers? If he is everywhere, why erect temples to him? If he is just, why fear that he will punish the creatures that he has filled with weaknesses? If grace does everything for them, what reason would he have for recompensing them? If he is all-powerful, how offend him, how resist him? If he is reasonable, how can he be angry at the blind, to whom he has given the liberty of being unreasonable? If he is immovable, by what right do we pretend to make him change his decrees? If he is inconceivable, why occupy ourselves with him? IF HE HAS SPOKEN, WHY IS THE UNIVERSE NOT CONVINCED?
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|She had not character enough to take to drinking, and moaned about, slip-shod and in curl-papers, all day.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|Everybody lives in this world, except lovers! They live in an isolated small place called ‘You and I’ planet!
Gloria Swanson, Swanson on Swanson|I had travelled from Spain into Morocco and from there south to the Atlas Mountains, at the edge of the Sahara Desert…one night, in a youth hostel that was more like a stable, I woke and walked out into a snowstorm. But it wasn’t the snow I was used to in Minnesota, or anywhere else I had been. Standing bare chest to cool night, wearing flip-flops and shorts, I let a storm of stars swirl around me. I remember no light pollution, heck, I remember no lights. But I remember the light around me-the sense of being lit by starlight- and that I could see the ground to which the stars seemed to be floating down. I saw the sky that night in three dimensions- the sky had depth, some stars seemingly close and some much farther away, the Milky Way so well defined it had what astronomers call “structure”, that sense of its twisting depths. I remember stars from one horizon to another, making a night sky so plush it still seems like a dream.It was a time in my life when I was every day experiencing something new. I felt open to everything, as though I was made of clay, and the world was imprinting on me its breathtaking beauty (and terrible reality.) Standing nearly naked under that Moroccan sky, skin against the air, the dark, the stars, the night pressed its impression, and my lifelong connection was sealed.
Roman Polanski|If you don't drink, smoke, or drive a car, you're a tax evader.
Dada Bhagwan|Many preach that do this way, do that way, have faith, speak the truth, have patience. These are all results (effects). How can results be changed?
Walt Mossberg|The pace at which people are taking to digital technology defies our stereotypes of age, education, language and income.
Helen Hunt Jackson|By making college unaffordable and student loans unbearable, we risk deterring our best and brightest from pursuing higher education and securing a good-paying job.
Gift Gugu Mona|You will have to defy the odds, for you to be extraordinary.
Katie Taylor|You are always, always overwhelmed by positive response because you know it can go either way.
E. Hoffmann Price|- You take evil for good. It's a passing crisis. It's the result of your illness, perhaps.- You do despise me! It's simply that I don't want to do good, I want to do evil, and it has nothing to do with illness.- Why do evil?- So that everything will be destroyed. Oh, how nice it would be if everything were destroyed! You know, Alyosha, I sometimes think of doing a lot of harm. I would do it for a long while secretly and then suddenly everyone would find out. Everyone will stand around and point their fingers at me and I will look at them all. That would be awfully nice.
Tracy March, Just Say Maybe|Leaning in, he brushed his lips on Holly's cheek, and whispered in her ear, "You okay?"	She gave him a sidelong glance. "You might not promise adventure, but you sure do deliver.
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|My voice falls into Southern drawl when I am tired, drunk, or in trouble. Too often, my accent is attacked by all three of these realities.
John Stuart Mill|One can go to war alone, but you can't build peace alone.
John Fowles, The Tree|Despite all the identifying, measuring, photographing, I had managed to set the experience in a kind of present past, a having looked, even as I was temporally and physically still looking...It is not necessarily too little knowledge that causes ignorance; possessing too much, or wanting to gain too much, can produce the same result.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Stay strong, stay positive, and never give up.
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|For our face and body were beautiful. Our face was not like the faces of our brothers, for we felt not pity when looking upon it. Our body was not like the bodies of our brothers, for our limbs were straigth and thin and hard and strong. And we thought that we could trust this being who looked upon us from the stream, and that we had nothing to fear with this being.
Nadine Brandes, A Time to Speak|I need to do something about college, but I’m not sure what.”“Where have you decided to apply?”“Nowhere yet. Any time I think about the schools I’ve visited, I feel overwhelmed. The campuses are so big that I know I’ll get lost. I dread making new friends. And the professors acted too busy to deal with someone like me. My parents will be wasting a huge amount of money.”“Your fears are no different than most high school seniors.” He studied me thoughtfully. “Must you go to college?”I opened my mouth to say Of course, I must—and then shut it again. The concept didn’t bother me nearly as much as it should have. Skipping college would be crazy. Right? It was hard enough for a disabled person to find a job, but being disabled with no degree would make it hopeless. “I don’t have a choice.”“Perhaps you have more choices than you realize.
Luís de Camões, Sonetos de Camões|Amor é um fogo que arde sem se ver, é ferida que dói, e não se sente; é um contentamento descontente, é dor que desatina sem doer.É um não querer mais que bem querer; é um andar solitário entre a gente; é nunca contentar se de contente; é um cuidar que ganha em se perder.É querer estar preso por vontade; é servir a quem vence, o vencedor; é ter com quem nos mata, lealdade.Mas como causar pode seu favor nos corações humanos amizade, se tão contrário a si é o mesmo Amor?
Lyman Beecher|The imported discovery, that human nature is too good to be made better by discipline, that children are enticed from the right way by religious instruction, and driven from it by the rod, and kept in thraldom by the conspiracy of priests and legislators, has united not a few in the noble experiment of emancipating the world by the help of an irreligious, ungoverned progeny. The indolent have rejoiced in the discovery that our fathers were fools and bigots, and have cheerfully let loose their children to help on the glorious work; while thousands of families, having heard from their teachers, or believing, in spite of them, that morality will suffice both for earth and heaven, and not doubting that morality will flourish without religion, have either not reared the family altar, or have put out the sacred fire, and laid aside together the rod and the Bible, as superfluous auxiliaries in the education of children. From the school, too, with pious regard for its sacred honors, the Bible, by some, has been withdrawn, lest, by a too familiar knowledge of its contents, children should learn to despise it; as if ignorance were the mother of devotion, and the efficacy of laws depended upon their not being understood.
Edward C. Patterson|If you have the goods, life's too short to wait. Hidden gold is lost gold. The world should not be denied an opportunity to touch the collective imagination. To those who deny both the world and themselves, their larder deserves absolute obscurity. For those who share, obscurity is relative and a spark remains to keep the embers warm.
Robert Louis Stevenson|I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
Gabriel Wilson|Success certainly isn’t achievement of popularity. Success in God’s kingdom is loving God, loving one another, and being faithful to what He’s called us to do.
Philip Webb, Where the Rock Splits the Sky|The princess turns to him, serious. 'You are the one my great-grandfather spoke of: a denizen of Earth wearing a dirty apron who falls down a shaft and lands in sticky goo to lead the Brundeedle race out of Woe Time.':
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Let us recollect that peace or war will not always be left to our option; that however moderate or unambitious we may be, we cannot count upon the moderation, or hope to extinguish the ambition of others.
H.G. Wells|A federation of all humanity, together with a sufficient measure of social justice, to ensure health, education, and a rough equality of opportunity to most of the children born into the world, would mean such a release and increase of human energy as to open a new phase in human history.
Aldous Huxley|Empathy and social skills are social intelligence, the interpersonal part of emotional intelligence. That's why they look alike.
Felix Dennis|Reverse every natural instinct and do the opposite of what you are inclined to do, and you will probably come very close to having a perfect golf swing.
Ai Weiwei|The ability of writers to imagine what is not the self, to familiarize the strange and mystify the familiar, is the test of their power.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Focus means exercising the self-discipline required to keep your time, energy and attention directed towards the outcomes you have chosen whilst avoiding all distractions – good or bad.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Loving my son, building my son, touching my son, playing with my son, being with my son… these aren’t tasks that only super dads can perform. These are tasks that every dad should perform. Always. Without fail.
Moffat Machingura, Life Capsules|Crying makes problems seem longer, and laughing makes problems seem shorter. Therefore in life if you cannot find a way out of your problems just take a short cut through them: that shortcut is laughter.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you can imagine a thing,then it has already existed,somewhere, somewhen, somehow.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Peace is present right here and now, in ourselves and in everything we do and see. Every breath we take, every step we take, can be filled with peace, joy, and serenity. The question is whether or not we are in touch with it. We need only to be awake, alive in the present moment.
DaShanne Stokes|Freedom means equality. If you don't believe in equality for all, you don't believe in freedom.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|Art isn't only a painting; it's anything that changes someone for the better, any nonanonymous interaction that leads to a human (not simply a commercial) conclusion.
Virgil, The Aeneid|She might have wept then, had not the sky begun to do it for her.
Misha Collins|I get to travel around the world and meet all of these amazing people, and they're singing my songs! And to me, that's crazy.
David Wanetick, Business Model Validation|Of more angst to drivers are the customer ratings systems imposed by the app companies. While most drivers do not have a problem with the notion of being rated, they are concerned that they will receive poor marks for circumstances beyond their control. Customers can give even the most earnest drivers bad ratings for any reason such as bumpy rides over pothole strewn roads, traffic congestion and passengers underestimating how much time they need to reach their destinations. Miscommunication between passengers and drivers can occur because passengers cannot speak the local language, are drunk, or fall asleep and cannot direct the driver to their remote destinations. Perhaps some passengers just do not like the ethnic group to which some drivers appear to belong. Circumstances such as these are clearly the fault of passengers who may rate drivers poorly nonetheless.Drivers with low ratings can be expelled from on-demand taxi services. This unfairness is compounded to the extent that drivers make large investments in their cars, insurance and fuel. Making drivers, who basically invested in a franchise, vulnerable to expulsion from a system because of unfair ratings seems to me to be a potential source of dissention or even litigation. Another concern associated with the taxi app business model is that drivers only have 15 seconds to respond to notices of pick up opportunities. Drivers that fail to respond in such tight windows lose the business. Repeat failures to make timely responses can result in temporary suspensions. This pressure, and related distractions associated with interacting with handsets, is applied simultaneously with all of the challenges of navigating traffic in a variety of weather conditions. Foremost, this is a driving hazard that imperils everyone in the vicinity. It also ties in with the ratings systems because drivers are only rated on the rides they complete. Drivers who claim rides but abandon the customer if it looks like the pickup will be delayed have no ratings risk. Paradoxically, no ratings result in the worst customer service as passengers end up stranded.
Drew Bankston, The Eyes of Tokorel: The Color of Emotion|What he'd find there, of course, was up to Pete. But he was sure there were magicians in Tampico and leopard-skins and golden thrones in Juba. Dragons and pirates and white temples where magic dwelt. And best of all, the places he didn't know about yet, the ones that would come as surprises. Oh, not entirely pleasant surprises. There should be a hint of peril, a touch of terror, to emphasize the brightness of adventure...("Before I Wake...")
Eve Langlais, Last Minion Standing|The second thing which made speechless--a state my dad would have found amusing--was the fact Mr. Hunky gave me a masculine grin--a naughty one which made me cream my panties--and said in a velvety baritone, “Run along, sweetheart. I’ve got th
Marni Bates, Awkward|A broken heart is something even I can’t protect you from. I’ve been alone for so long, and believe me, all that does is provide a false sense of security. Being alone doesn’t erase the deep yearning that exists in all of us. We are not solitary creatures. You have to love and open your heart. If not, what is it we are trying to save? When it swallows you whole, remember it means you’ve lived.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|If everyone just accepted you the way you are, then, probably, you'd still be the way you were. So for anyone who didn't accept you at one point, just give 'em a smile in your heart and say, "Thank You"!
Jennifer Grant|My dad taught me true words you have to use in every relationship. Yes, baby.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we desire our souls to be sanctify, we shall hunger for the Truth.
Emma Nichols, Sin at Sea|I want to see the sunrise with you. I want to watch the sunset. I want to make out during a movie. Silly, huh?
Christopher Hitchens|[T]he hyphenation question is, and always has been and will be, different for English immigrants. One can be an Italian-American, a Greek-American, an Irish-American and so forth. (Jews for some reason prefer the words the other way around, as in 'American Jewish Congress' or 'American Jewish Committee.') And any of those groups can and does have a 'national day' parade on Fifth Avenue in New York. But there is no such thing as an 'English-American' let alone a 'British-American,' and one can only boggle at the idea of what, if we did exist, our national day parade on Fifth Avenue might look like. One can, though, be an Englishman in America. There is a culture, even a literature, possibly a language, and certainly a diplomatic and military relationship, that can accurately be termed 'Anglo-American.' But something in the very landscape and mapping of America, with seven eastern seaboard states named for English monarchs or aristocrats and countless hamlets and cities replicated from counties and shires across the Atlantic, that makes hyphenation redundant. Hyphenation—if one may be blunt—is for latecomers.
Itzik Amiel, The Attention Switch|You do not need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends you can be certain of
Dan Rather|The dream begins, most of the time,with a teacher who believes in you, who tugs and pushes and leads you on to the next plateau sometimes poking you with a sharp stick called truth
Debasish Mridha|In my heart, a live fireLike the morning sun Burning my mind, to purify the soulThat is my love. In my dream a burning desireLike the lights from a diamondMake my life ever precious That is my love. my mind an ever longingAs the moon longing for nightMake the night dreams of desireThat is my love.
Dean M. Schroeder, The Idea-Driven Organization: Unlocking the Power in Bottom-Up Ideas|After years of operating in a top-down manner that emphasizes control and conformance, organizations are rife with obstacles to bottom-up ideas that front-line staff are forced to overcome.
zundap|A little girl and her father were walking along in the evening. She was fascinated by the stars, and kept looking up at them, but made no comment until her father asked what she was thinking. She replied, "If the bottom side of heaven is so beautiful, how wonderful the other side must be
Davan Yahya Khalil|If the caged birds think whoever scattering grains for them that person is their deity,what should we Kurds call the person who will grantee us an independence.
Jeaniene Frost, At Grave's End|We are not helpless...Many times in our lives we’ve been powerless, but not this night. Right now we have the power to choose the manner in which we die. If you have been a master of nothing else in all your days, you are now a master of this moment. And I for one am going to give such an answer to this insult that others will dearly regret not being by my side to see it!
David Wilcock|In 1967 I entered Harvard as a freshman, confident - in the way that only 17-year-olds are - that I could change the world. My major was African Studies, and my plan was to travel to Tanzania, where President Julius Nyerere was creating a government based on democracy and socialism.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Grief denied will surface in borrowed clothes, the mad, sad clothes of paranoia, fear or loneliness
Jean Hanff Korelitz|Teammates...were fine things. Piling onto the bus before the game, edgy with shared nerves, egging one another on with the genial, meaningless phrase C'mon, you guys!, collapsing back into the same seats for the ride home—the sense of striving in accord had been a sweet part of high school. Possibly the sweetest. But the camaraderie had not survived graduation, or even the off-seasons. Her teammates, passing in the school corridors in winter or spring, were downshifted to nodding acquaintances who had once been close, that past connection floating off like cotton candy on the tongue.
Shannon L. Alder|God isn't a place of fresh starts. He isn't a hideout. He is not a destination. He is not a clean break. He is not a cop out for indecision. He is not a straight line. He is a circle. He will take you back to whatever you ran from if he needs you to heal your scars and others. He is a God of justice and compassion. The greatest growth a soul can experience doesn't come from doing service to strangers that have no impact on your life. It comes from doing service to people that have hurt you or you have hurt them. To truly devote yourself to God is to travel down roads that are hard to revisit. However, he will keep taking you there, until you have healed yourself or others.
John Green, Paper Towns|Did you know that for pretty much the entire history of human species, the average life span was less than thirty years? You could count on ten years or so of real adulthood, right? There was no planning for retirement. There was no planning for a career. There was no planning. No time for planning. No time for a future. But then the life spans started getting longer, and people started having more and more future, and so they spent more time thinking about it. About the future. And now life has become the future. Every moment of your life is lived for the future - you go to high school so you can go to college so you can get a good job so you can get a nice house so you can afford to send your kids to college so they can get a good job so they can get a nice house so they can afford to send their kids to college.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Abortions are never seen as a positive thing, as any other operation to remedy a potentially life-ruining condition would.
Jose Ortega y Gasset|The word "now" is like a bomb thrown through the window  and it ticks.
Dada Bhagwan|If you want to go to moksha (attain ultimate liberation), you will have to become simple and straightforward. Being obstinate won’t work there. You will have to remove all the tubers; become totally free from intellect (abudh).
Ray Bradbury, The Fog Horn|That's life for you," said MacDunn. "Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home. Always someone loving some thing more than that thing loves them. And after a while you want to destroy whatever that thing is, so it can't hurt you no more.
Adrian G. Hilder, The General's Legacy, Part One: Inheritance|A legacy is not what is recorded in history books or repeated in song, but what is woven into the souls of those who remain.
Bud Harris, Sacred Selfishness: A Guide to Living a Life of Substance|The less human you feel, the more human you become.
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|I'm working on my own life story. I don't mean I'm putting it together; no, I'm taking it apart. If you'd wanted the narrative line you should have asked earlier, when I still knew everything and was more than willing to tell. That was before I discovered the virtues of scissors, the virtues of matches.
Erin Hunter, The Empty City|Finally, especially in the case of medical-response canines and those that serve handlers with invisible disabilities, it's not merely the necessity of the dog that's questioned but also the existance of the disability itself. And for these partnerships, some of the greatest problems arise.
Mara Wilson, Where Am I Now?|There are never any real stars in LA, but we’ve got a bunch of fake ones made out of brass and terrazzo. We embed them in the sidewalks outside of strip clubs and gift shops— Walk of Fame, walk of shame… walk of names we’re all destined to forget sooner or later.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|Vanity was the beginning and the end of Sir Walter Elliot's character; vanity of person and of situation. He had been remarkably handsome in his youth; and, at fifty-four, was still a very fine man. Few women could think more of their personal appearance than he did; nor could the valet of any new-made lord be more delighted with the place he held in society. He considered the blessing of beauty as inferior only to the blessing of a baronetcy; and the Sir Walter Elliot, who united these gifts, was the constant object of his warmest respect and devotion.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|There is no one true church, no one chosen people.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Out of the millions and millions of people that inhabit this planet, he is one of the tiny few I can never have.
Jorge Luis Borges|Reality is not always probable, or likely.
Joe Hill, Locke & Key, Vol. 6: Alpha & Omega|If the afterlife really is a big war,” Kaladin said, “then I hope I end up in Damnation. At least there I might be able to get a wink or two of sleep.
Kenny G|I mean, what is music anyway? It's a form of communication - at least for me it is. And that's why I play the kind of music that I think - that I hope - can communicate with people.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, What He Didn't See|Jacob being sensitive is an endowment. Think about all you'd miss out on if you didn't feel things so deeply, or see things so clearly." "But feeling good things deeply means you feel bad things deeply, too." "Would you rather walk around oblivious to the meaning of things hidden under the surface and the opportunities to feel wonder and joy? Would you want to miss out on moments that take your breath away?
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|It’s a lesson some writers take a lifetime to learn: what makes us care about things is other people caring, too.
Erik Pevernagie|Beauty is not a warrant for wellbeing and so does happiness not hinge on social success, but is only tangible via intricate, meandering discovery journeys in the mind. ("Absence of beauty was like hell")
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|If you only read books, how will you read the scripture inside you?
Elizabeth Goudge, The Rosemary Tree|Evil is evil, and no good comes of calling it by any other name.
Abhijit Naskar|The optimist sees the glass as half full, the pessimist as half empty. What I see is water that can save someone's life.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To get inspiration, go to the nature; for silence, go to the nature; to question the meaning of life, go to the nature; to feel the existence, go to the nature; to protect your mind, to reach the truth, to think about the universe go to the nature!
R.F. Capon|At its core, the collection is built around a very wise line from a Beatles song: I want to hold your hand. I want to hold your hand with no further expectations. I want to hold your hand instead of telling you I understand when I don’t. I want to hold your hand although we don’t always get along. I want to hold your hand despite the calluses, scratches, and scars that get in the way. I want to hold your hand knowing I’ll have to let it go one day.
Ulysses S. Grant|The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
Auliq Ice|The first reaction is surely the most natural one, but not always the most correct one; thereupon, the invention of apologies.
Curtis Sittenfeld|Angelica rolled the wedding band between her finger and thumb. "It's terrifying, to be on the verge of finally getting what you want.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|For the fact was drugs were not necessary to most of us, because the music, youth, sweaty bodies were enough. And if it was too hot, too humid to sleep the next day, and we awoke bathed in sweat, it did not matter: We remained in a state of animated suspension the whole hot day. We lived for music, we lived for Beauty, and we were poor. But we didn’t care where we were living, or what we had to do during the day to make it possible; eventually, if you waited long enough, you were finally standing before the mirror in that cheap room, looking at your face one last time, like an actor going onstage, before rushing out to walk in the door of that discotheque and see someone like Malone.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, plant the seeds of dreams. Then take care of those plants.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Well, I like to know where I'm going before I try to get there. It's a mistake to try to execute a plan before you've thought of one, in my experience.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|All men are born firstly with the instinct to protect themselves. But few grow to really love themselves, and even fewer learn to love their neighbor as themselves.
Erica Lorraine Scheidt, Uses for Boys|You don’t look like anyone special at all,” I tell him. And I curse him. And I start a club to hate him. And I make a magic spell to get rid of him.
vincent ameh|God does not deal with denomination, He deals with nomination and conformation for a higher life.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Warlord of Mars|Pride ill becomes a beggar, ser.
Adam Fenner, Post-Deployment Wisdom For The Returning Service Member|I’m sure the driver was a great guy and all he wanted was to drive me to my hotel—but he was a complete stranger to me and the truth is that being vigilant isn’t a part-time job, it’s not about being nice to people, it’s about reality. I made a terrible mistake once, believing the monsters that want to hurt us are easily labeled and identified, rather than walking and hiding amongst us. That’s my reality.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|If we cannot prevail with men for God, we will at least endeavor to prevail with God for men.
Frank Iero|I'm not a fan of anybody music who I feel like a sucka. I don't listen to you. They play you in the club, you can have the #1 jam, but if I know your character, how can I listen to your music?
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|If the Gospel of Jesus is relational, that is, if our brokenness will be fixed not by our understanding of theology but by God telling us who we are, then this would require a kind of intimacy of which only Heaven knows.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|My house completed, and tried and not found wanting by a first Cape Cod year, I went there to spend a fortnight in September. The fortnight ending, I lingered on, and as the year lengthened into autumn, the beauty and mystery of this earth and outer sea so possessed and held me that I could not go. The world to-day is sick to its thin blood for lack of elemental things, for fire before the hands, for water welling from the earth, for air, for the dear earth itself underfoot. In my world of beach and dunes these elemental presences lived and had their being, and under their arch there moved an incomparable pageant of nature and the year.
Lena Karynn Tesla, Something More|It is not by man's power that you are here, but by a greater Power. That Power will stay with you.
Benjamin Franklin|First you take a drink, then the drink takes a drink, then the drink takes you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Had life not given me reasons to grieve, I would never have known the healing power of a hug.
Patrick Rhone, Keeping It Straight: You, Me & Everything Else|and like most people who have spent much of their adult life being emotionally dishonest, I overcalculated the sympathy a final being honest would bring
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|I'm alone inside the world of the story, my favorite feeling in the world.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|The Jetavana Temple bells ring the passing of all things. Twinned sala trees, white in full flower, declare the great man's certain fall. The arrogant do not long endure: They are like a dream one night in spring. The bold and brave perish in the end:They are as dust before the wind.
Zelda Fitzgerald|I have often told you that I am that little fish who swims about under a shark and, I believe, lives indelicately on its offal. Anyway, that is the way I am. Life moves over me in a vast black shadow and I swallow whatever it drops with relish, having learned in a very hard school that one cannot be both a parasite and enjoy self-nourishment without moving in worlds too fantastic for even my disordered imagination to people with meaning.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All around you are people who need Christ: your family, your neighbors, people you work with or go to school with every day. Are you praying for them, asking God to open the door of their hearts to His truth?
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Wait. This was the first lesson I had learned about love. The day drags along, you make thousands of plans, you imagine every possible conversation, you promise to change your behavior in certain ways -- and you feel more and more anxious until your loved one arrives. But by then, you don't know what to say. The hours of waiting have been transformed into tension, the tension has become fear, and the fear makes you embarrassed about showing affection.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Above all, she wanted to look as though she had not given the matter a moment's thought, and that would take time.
Norman Schwarzkopf|I believe that political correctness can be a form of linguistic fascism, and it sends shivers down the spine of my generation who went to war against fascism.
Keanu Reeves|One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Debasish Mridha|When kindness is your religion, then caring is your prayer.
Peter Quinby, Ontario's Old Growth Forests|At first glance, northern hardwood and hemlock forests aren't very sexy - they are the accountants of the forest world, stable and consistent.
Thomas Babington Macaulay|The biggest problem is people are afraid of poetry, think they can't understand it or that it will be boring.
Christie Craig, Shut Up and Kiss Me|I think it’s weird how vanilla people just jump into a bed and fuck and don’t ever relish the moment, don’t talk to each other about what works and what doesn’t. So many people just expect sex to happen, but really great sex takes work, like everything in life. You have to talk to your partner.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Oh, by the way…” Jason glanced at Percy. “I resigned my office, gave Frank a field promotion to praetor. Unless you want to contest that ruling.” Percy grinned. “No argument here.” “Praetor?” Hazel stared at Frank. He shrugged uncomfortably. “Well… yeah. I know it seems weird.” She tried to throw her arms around him, then winced as she remembered her busted ribs. She settled for kissing him. “It seems perfect.” Leo clapped Frank on the shoulder. “Way to go, Zhang. Now you can order Octavian to fall on his sword.
|Each day has its bright side. So, in order to continuously experience a happy life, you must consistently find the bright side of each day and give it your undivided attention.
Betty Gilpin|During the 1950s, Aristotle Onassis and I formed what grew to be a close friendship and association in several business ventures.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|At the foundation of the Christian life, there is a kind of sacred individuality, a sort of holy aloneness that cries out to be left alone with God. This isn't all of the Christian life. It doesn't erase those parts of a Christian's experience that happen in the context of relationships, but this sacred solitude needs to be discovered, respected, and protected.It is that place where we most irrefutably hear God tell us that he loves us, and we come to know that, no matter what other people may say about us or do to us, God will not abandon us. That holy solitude is the place where we find God's Spirit changing our affections and redirecting our identities. It is, for Jesus-followers, holy ground.
C.G. Jung, The Essential Jung: Selected Writings|If only a world-wide consciousness could arise that all division and fission are due to the splitting of opposites in the psyche, then we should know where to begin.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Irrespective of where you are, where you were born, what you can do or cannot do, irrespective of your starting capital in life, you can raise your value so high that you are needed for the most important jobs.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|Tesco at the best of times is soulless – but it’s so much worse at 6 in the morning. It’s not as empty as I thought it would be. Who the fuck shops at 6 a.m.? e florescent lights flicker. e shelf upon shelf of coloured cans make my eyes go funny. Everything is hard and shiny and there’s so much fucking choice. Why do I have to choose from thirty kinds of granola? Do I want Country Crunch or Rude Health? Raisins and almonds or tropical? Goji berries and chia seeds or Strawberry Surprise? I’ll just buy the Tesco range – that’ll be easiest. No, wait, there’s Tesco finest*, Tesco Everyday Value and Tesco Free From. What can be so damn fine about granola? You eat it everyday and what could it be free from? It hasn’t got anything unhealthy in it! What could one possibly take out? Actually, we don’t need any fucking granola.
Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation|Perfect prayer does not consist in many words, silent remembering and pure intention raises the heart to that supreme Power.
Kate Grenville|I wasn't really into school that much. I was in this building having to cram knowledge I didn't really care for. But on YouTube, I was able to create what I wanted and post it for people to watch.
Megan Hart, Dirty|I have seen clouds part for the sun. I have seen rainbows. I have seen flowers in the morning, covered in dew, and I have seen sunsets so brilliant with fire they made me want to weep. And I have seen Dan smile at me, his lips still wet from my kiss, and if I had to choose which sight moved me the most I would say it was that one.
Amy Jarecki, The Highland Henchman|A fiery little cat you are, Caecelia. Like a lioness in heat, oh how you bloom.
Marieta Maglas, Near Kin: A Collection of Words and Art Inspired by Octavia Estelle Butler|Be honest with yourself, face your feelings and what they really mean, then you will be able to deal with them and move on.
Naomi Jackson, The Star Side of Bird Hill|How many of you were born in Oklahoma? Yeah, never raise your hand to a question like that again. We’re the mecca of beer-drinkin’ rednecks.
Osho, Yoga: The Alpha and the Omega Volume 10|May feel like you're falling', Tabby, but remember, I'm at the bottom ready to catch you.
J.R. Ward, Dark Lover|Oh - a diamond ring - and Rhett, do buy a great big one!
Victoria Pendleton|$200, 300 million games, I'm a little scared about that; there aren't a lot of companies that have the resources or the courage to spend that much.
Courtney Brandt, The Queen of England: Coronation|And now we both blushed, because things like changing oneâ€™s garments should not be discussed among a Queen and one of her subjects.
Amit Kalantri|There will never be complete satisfaction in the life, satisfaction is an illusion, there is only heroism.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Isle of the Lost|It was the truth, and like any truth, it was powerful.
Norman Vincent Peale, Stay Alive All Your Life|If there was anything I learned from John the Baptist, it was that the sooner you confess a mistake, the quicker you can get on to making new and better mistakes.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|The past and the present are after all so close, so almost one, as if time were an artificial teasing out of a material which longs to join, to interpenetrate, and to become heavy and very small like some of those heavenly bodies scientists tell us of.
Frank Shorter|This is sort of typical Hillary Clinton: to do things that are not legal, to say that they are, and then try to cover them up. Hillary Clinton severely chastised other whistleblowers for using Internet channels that were not secure, and yet she herself was doing that with private, high-level State Department information.
A.E. Via|It's not rocking the boat, Dad. It's called communication. You're allowed to ask questions. Other people do it all the time. Other people don't live in fear of someone else's reactions. They don't relentlessly stress out about getting into trouble.
Max Barry, Lexicon|As much as Jefferson loved France residence abroad gave him greater appreciation for his own nation. He was a tireless advocate for things American while abroad, and a promoter of things European while at home. Moving between two worlds, translating the best of the old into the new and explaining the benefits of the new to the old, he created a role for himself as both intermediary and arbiter.
Sheena Hutchinson, Initiation|Everyone has their own path, everyone has a destiny. Your's just happens to be a little bigger than everyone else's.
Sarah Dunn, Secrets to Happiness|Betsy hadn't had sex, actual; sex-sex, full sex, in two hundred and fifty-three days. She decided on her thirty-seventh birthday that she wouldn't sleep with anyone unless it was in the context of a committed relationship which had some sort of future, and she was only gradually coming to the realization of what happens when a woman her age makes a decision like that: she never has sex again.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|Jackson snorted. And Selena play-slapped his chest, like he was her mischievous boyf
Judy Blume, Forever . . .|Sex is a commitment...Once you're there you can't go back to holding hands...and when you give yourself both mentally and physically...well, you're completely vulnerable.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Notebooks of Lazarus Long|You have the army of mediocrities followed by the multitude of fools. As the mediocrities and the fools always form the immense majority, it is impossible for them to elect an intelligent government.
Stephen Richards|No matter how small you start, always dream big.
Jonathan Swift, Gulliver's Travels|He likewise directed, “that every senator in the great council of a nation, after he had delivered his opinion, and argued in the defence of it, should be obliged to give his vote directly contrary; because if that were done, the result would infallibly terminate in the good of the public.
Anthon St. Maarten|We have created a manic world nauseous with the pursuit of material wealth. Many also bear their cross of imagined deprivation, while their fellow human beings remain paralyzed by real poverty. We drown in the thick sweetness of our sensual excess, and our shameless opulence, while our discontent souls suffocate in the arid wasteland of spiritual deprivation.
Emmanuel Katongole, Mirror to the Church: Resurrecting Faith After Genocide in Rwanda|How long, O God, will we go on with a mock Christianity that takes the tribalism of our world for granted?How long, O God, will we be satisfied with the way things are?How long, O God, will we try to "make some difference in the world" while leaving the basic patterns of the world unaffected?How long, O God will we take consolation in numbers, buildings, and structures, when millions of your children are dying?How long, O Sovereign Lord, will we remain blind to the lessons of history?
Edwin Hubble|Equipped with his five senses, man explores the universe around him and calls the adventure Science.
Pippa DaCosta, Wings Of Hope|We are not so different, and yet we are worlds apart." Ahkeel/Akil, The Veil Series prequel.
Ade Bozzay, The Moaning of Loaf|In the beginning was the word, and that word was probably misconstrued by someone who then made it into a personal issue and started a fight causing people to be miserable
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed down-stairs one step at a time.
Carol  McCormick|But men and women are different in the way that they feel loved. Men like to be admired for what they do, for their integrity and their accomplishments, whether it’s at work or at the gym or mowing the lawn, because it makes them feel manly. When a woman tells a man that she is proud of him, or she tells him that he did a good job, he’ll about bend over backwards to take care of her and love her.”  “But women like attention from men, because it makes them feel feminine and adored. That’s why they’re always fixin’ themselves up, doing their hair, wearing pretty clothes and makeup and jewelry and perfume. It’s all to attract your attention, you know.” (Thelma Jenkins)
C.S. Woolley, Rising Empire: Part 2|In the pursuit of knowledge, no one should travel alone
William Cullen Bryant|All that tread,The globe are but a handful to the tribes,That slumber in its bosom.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|You ever noticed how people who believe in Creationism look really un-evolved? You ever noticed that? Eyes real close together, eyebrow ridges, big furry hands and feet. "I believe God created me in one day". Yeah, looks like He rushed it
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|I need Christ, not something that resembles Him.
Danielle Ackley-McPhail|Writing is about allowing yourself to become a vessel of creativity. Writers are avatars of creation. We have tender hearts, and strong emotions. It's hard not to when you have a million different people's personalities playing out in your head.
Michael Sipser, Introduction to the Theory of Computation|Hell...” His voice was thick, rough. “Mallory, you’re...”“What?” I whispered, feeling my body burn for two very different reasons.“You’re beautiful.” His gaze dipped, tracking the lacy edges of the bra. “Never thought I’d see you like this. So freaking glad I have. You’re so beautiful, Mallory.
Patricia Polacco|I don't know what story y'all trying to get out of me. I don't know what image y'all trying to portray of me. But it don't matter what y'all think, what y'all say about me because when I go home at night, the same people that I look in the face - my family that I love, that's all that really matter to me.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|It's just a matter of willpower. The day you decide it's over, it's over. You never get over it.
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|NO! Don't force yourself to be alone! If you're alive, you can meet that person, somewhere, someday! The person that will be glad that you're alive! You can't... you can't want yourself to die!! So... live...
Jean Edward Smith, John Marshall: Definer of a Nation|The problem is, we have too many cowardly, spineless, selfish people that would sacrifice their children’s future just to avoid the sacrifice love requires of them in the present. And they expect their children to respect them for that? Do they think we’re idiots just because we’re young?
Frank Herbert, Dune|The Fremen were supreme in that quality the ancients called "spannungsbogen" -- which is the self-imposed delay between desire for a thing and the act of reaching out to grasp that thing.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] speaks from heaven through the Bible, His written Word. This is why I use the phrase “the Bible says.” I would not have the authority to say what I do in sermons unless it was based upon the Word of God.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|You’re seventeen! Why do I have to keep reminding you of that? There are soooo many women you haven’t even met yet! Don’t act like you’re tired of the puss-puss, no guy is ever tired of the puss-puss.
Derrick Jensen, Walking on Water: Reading, Writing, and Revolution|Someone asked me once at a talk why I so stress the positive with my students yet am such an unstinting critic of those who run our culture and who are killing the planet. I answered immediately, “Power. If I’ve got power or authority over someone, it’s my responsibility to use that only to help them. It’s my job to accept and praise them into becoming who they are.
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|The fear of not living is a deep, abiding dread of watching your own potential decompose into irredeemable disappointment when 'should be' gets crushed by what is. Sometimes I think it would be easier to die than to face that, because 'what could have been' is much more highly regarded than 'what should have been.' Dead kids are put on pedestals, but mentally ill kids get hidden under the rug.
H. Rider Haggard, She|I do not agree with you," insisted Georyn. "Must a man then live always as his fellows live, and never reach beyond? There is more to knowledge than you dream of, Terwyn, and if it lies in some enchanted realm- well, I think that there is a door to that realm. And I think that the Enchantress knows where the door is and can open it." "Perhaps; but will she leave it open? Think, Georyn: even if she should let you look for such a door, the time will surely come when it will be sealed again; and when that happens you will not be on her side of it, but on ours. How will you feel then? Let us accept her help against the Dragon, but no more- for we are men, not wizards" "I am not sure," said Georyn, "that there is such a difference between the two.
Terence McKenna|Life lived in the absence of the psychedelic experience that primordial shamanism is based on is life trivialized, life denied, life enslaved to the ego.
Frank Delaney, The Matchmaker of Kenmare|Do you know what the difference is between Friendship and Love? Friendship is the photograph, Love is the oil painting.
Greg Pincus, The 14 Fibs of Gregory K.|I no longer consider, is this chap a congenial companion? Rather, the question is, would I feel easy if he were in command of the platoon on my right?
Angie karan|Always listen to your soul and feel the purity of that moment - no matter how sad or joyful - because it will speak to you further... a healing an understanding, a perspective or more will come out of it. Only because you listened.
Mehmet Murat ildan|From ... the age of five or six, I knew that when I grew up I should be a writer. ... I tried to abandon this idea, but I did so with the consciousness that I was outraging my true nature and that sooner or later I should have to settle down and write books.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Working for your boss doesn’t make you rich, it only makes your boss richer from your sweat.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Now,I'm no scientist,but I know what endorphins are. They're tiny little magical elves that swim through your blood stream and tell funny jokes to each other. When they reach your brain,you hear what they're saying and that boosts your health and happiness. "Knock Knock... Who's There?.. Little endorphin... Little endorphin who?... Little Endorphin Annie." And then the endorphins laugh and then you laugh. See? Its Science.
Alan Kinross, Longinus The Vampire: Babylon|If you’ve never been close to death, life probably seems pretty solid. The truth is, it can be destroyed in an instant, like a photograph. One moment your world is slick and shiny. But then the Universe crumples everything into a ball. And even if you don’t get crushed, if you fight to straighten things out, your life will never be the same again.
Mary  Stewart, Rose Cottage|Tick Tock, The sun fell down; Ding Dong the moon took a peek, Ring Ding, It's Harmonizing my Insanity
Ramana Maharshi, The Collected Works of Ramana Maharshi|If the mind falls asleep, awaken it. Then if it starts wandering, make it quiet. If you reach the state where there is neither sleep nor movement of mind, stay still in that, the natural (real) state.
S. Kelley Harrell, Teen Spirit Guide to Modern Shamanism|Children arrive animists. They learn about life, themselves, and empathy by imagining the liveliness of everything they come into contact with.
Peter Ackroyd, Hawksmoor|It has often been said that the more unusual the murder the easier it is to solve, but this is a theory I don't believe. Nothing is easy, nothing is simple, and you should think of your investigations as a complicated experiment: look at what remains constant and look at what changes, ask the right questions and don't be afraid of wrong answers, and above all rely on observation and rely on experience.
B. C. Forbes|I don't think that faith, whatever you're being faithful about, really can be scientifically explained. And I don't want to explain this whole life business through truth, science. There's so much mystery. There's so much awe.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Every time I create something, whether an idea or a work of art, initially, its supposed completion seems absolutely perfect to me. However the more I think about it, stare it down, the more it marinates in my soul over the hours, days, and weeks, the more flaws I start to find in it; and finally, the more I'm pressed to continue enhancing it. It essentially turns out that whatever thing a flawed and imperfect, human eye once thought was amazing begins to appear quite wretched. This is why, eternally, God cannot be impressed by mere talents or by mortal achievements. To perfect eyes, I imagine that great is not really that great; rather, humility is ultimately a human being's true greatness.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|I have closed my study door on the world and shut myself away with people of my imagination. For nearly sixty years I have eavesdropped with impunity on the lives of people who do not exist. I have peeped shamelessly into hearts and bathroom closets. I have leaned over shoulders to follow the movements of quills as they write love letters, wills and confessions. I have watched as lovers love, murderers murder and childern play their make-believe. Prisons and brothels have opened their doors to me; galleons and camel trains have transported me across sea and sand; centuries and continents have fallen away at my bidding. I have spied upon the misdeeds of the mighty and witnessed the nobility of the meek. I have bent so low over sleepers in their beds that they might have felt my breath on their faces. I have seen their dreams.
Kate Willis, Enjoy the Poodle Skirt|That morning all of us girls had put our hair in high vintage-like ponytails, and Aunt Julie joked that we could almost be triplets. I laughed but knew that since my hair was so straight no one would ever confuse Rose and I.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|We have just all of a sudden discovered that here we are, with something called time seemingly precious, but not deeply appreciated.
Katie Reus, Hunted by Darkness|I smell?"	"You smell..." He flicked a glance at Bo, who was growling. "You tell her then."	Bo's jaw tightened, but he looked at her with a rawness on his face that completely undid her. "Like roses and sunshine. It makes them want to kill you or eat you or..." He cleared his throat, not needing to finish because she knew what he meant. "It's very enticing.
Keith R.A. DeCandido, The Zoo Job|Of course, you won't confirm or deny it, which means I'm probably right, since if I was wrong, you'd be gloating about it.
Meredith Ann Pierce|Our two peoples are sworn enemies,” he whispered. “You would not do it.”“Call me your enemy no more,” Jan bade him, drawing nearer. “I grow weary of our being enemies. The scars your talons left upon my back this autumn past are old scars now, long healed. Time to heal this ancient rift between our peoples as well.
Jane Birkin|In westerns, you meet a hardy bunch of characters. There is no jealousy on such pictures.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|That's the thing about time travel — you're always moving forward, even when you go back.
Melanie Sargsian, Lovember: A Collection of Short Love Stories|On the rocks of a bay so blue, it made her gray eyes glow.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Love is insanity, apparently.
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|... I am not the author of my prayers; when they come, they come from God.
Anna Jarzab, Tether|One thing I learned there on that beautiful front porch was if I wanted to be successful, if I wanted to do important work one day, I would have to increase my capacity. I had to learn to manage disappointment. I needed to learn how to make the most out of those “opportunities” Chip seemed to keep finding.
Santosh Avvannavar, She: Ekla Cholo Re|As you, my fans, know I’m scheduled to play in Greensboro, North Carolina this Sunday. As we also know, North Carolina has just passed HB2, which the media are referring to as the ‘bathroom’ law. HB2 — known officially as the Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act — dictates which bathrooms transgender people are permitted to use. Just as important, the law also attacks the rights of LGBT citizens to sue when their human rights are violated in the workplace.No other group of North Carolinians faces such a burden. To my mind, it’s an attempt by people who cannot stand the progress our country has made in recognizing the human rights of all of our citizens to overturn that progress. Right now, there are many groups, businesses, and individuals in North Carolina working to oppose and overcome these negative developments.Taking all of this into account, I feel that this is a time for me and the band to show solidarity for those freedom fighters. As a result, and with deepest apologies to our dedicated fans in Greensboro, we have canceled our show scheduled for Sunday, April 10th. Some things are more important than a rock show and this fight against prejudice and bigotry — which is happening as I write — is one of them. It is the strongest means I have for raising my voice in opposition to those who continue to push us backwards instead of forwards.
Tina J. Richardson|Resist nothing, allow everything, and surrender that which persists.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infinity|Well, someone slap my butt and give me a hero cookie. (Nick)
Ednita Nazario|I think I'm funny because my family, my siblings were funny.
Fredric Brown, Letter to a Phoenix|The human race will last. Everywhere and forever, for it will never be sane and only insanity is divine. Only the mad destroy themselves and all they have wrought.And only the phoenix lives forever.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Anger, then, is only for the engaged; for those with projects that matter.
Wendy Cope, Serious Concerns|Bloody men are like bloody buses —You wait for about a yearAnd as soon as one approaches your stopTwo or three others appear.You look at them flashing their indicators,Offering you a ride.You’re trying to read the destinations,You haven’t much time to decide.If you make a mistake, there is no turning back.Jump off, and you’ll stand there and gazeWhile the cars and the taxis and lorries go byAnd the minutes, the hours, the days.
David Brin, Glory Season|While I have the floor, here's a question that's been bothering me for some time. Why do so few writers of heroic or epic fantasy ever deal with the fundamental quandary of their novels . . . that so many of them take place in cultures that are rigid, hierarchical, stratified, and in essence oppressive? What is so appealing about feudalism, that so many free citizens of an educated commonwealth like ours love reading about and picturing life under hereditary lords?, such as flush toilets, movable type, or electricity for every home in the kingdom? Given half a chance, the sons and daughters of peasants would rather not grow up to be servants. It seems bizarre for modern folk to pine for a way of life our ancestors rightfully fought desperately to escape.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|No, Sky. You didn't tell her everything…you told you everything. Those things happened to you, not to someone else. They happened to Hope. They happened to Sky. They happened to the best friend that I loved all those years ago, and they happened to the best friend I love who’s looking back at me right now.
Rafael Yglesias, The Wisdom of Perversity|Vidalia, open those eyes and look at me. As with all things, we do this together, Darlin'.
Susannah Spurgeon|How wise should we be if, with joyful certainty, we accepted each unfolding of His will as a proof of His faithfulness and love!
Nina Easton|To the medical man, astrology is invaluable in diagnosing diseases and prescribing a remedy, for it reveals the hidden cause of all ailments.
Alin Sav|If Jesus ist not enough, you´ve lost.
Howard Staunton|It's a very difficult thing for people to accept, seeing women act out anger on the screen. We're more accustomed to seeing men expressing rage and women crying.
Mark Twain, Roughing It, Vol 1|So I learned then, that gold in it's native state is but dull, unornamental stuff, and that only low-born metals excite the admiration of the ignorant with an ostentatious glitter. However, like the rest of the world, I still go underrating men of gold and glorifying men of mica. Commonplace human nature cannot rise above that.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|That's No'-as-big-as-Medium-Sized-Jock-but-bigger-than-Wee-Jock-Jock, mistress,' said Not-as-big-as-Medium-Sized-Jock-but-bigger-than-Wee-Jock-Jock. 'Ye were one jock short,' he added helpfully.
David Jenkins|I'll just quote myself for now; actually, I'll quote what a good friend of mine, David Jenkins responded to a post I made when I was feeling 'pissy.'"Deep thoughts (come) from a deep well. Society is useful because when we see ourselves reflected through others we can gain a deeper understanding of ourselves." ~ David Jenkins, 2013
David Hockney|I have a crazy amount of different jobs, so the way I manage that is to not do more than one at a time. It's like old computers that had small memory chips, they would do something called swapping, where they would fill the memory with one task, do it and get it out.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|My expectations from the university were perhaps too idealistic. I had dreams of learning things about innovation and discovery in the field of technology, but all of it hit the ground hard, when I faced with the pathetic reality of the so-called higher education system. To my surprise, I found myself stuck behind the walls of meaningless facts, figures and rankings. It occurred to me that, it was not actually a place for education, rather it was a place where you go to get your head filled with useless undigested information, that you’d probably never use throughout your entire life. It was not education, and moreover, it was definitely not science.
Jane Austen|but for my own part, if a book is well written, I always find it too short.
levi paul taylor|When you live with a 20/20 mindset your path is straight, vision is clear, and decisions are precise. You see the bigger picture with a broader view and incorporate different angles and perspectives.
Cherise Sinclair, Doms of Dark Haven|He's not a monster, he's a teddy bear," Eve said defiantly. "He's my teddy bear. I don't want you to hurt him. I want you to fix him.""There's nothing to fix," Danny said. "Paul's not broken.
Norian F. Love, Seduction: A Money, Power & Sex Story|Warning: Okay, okay…stop asking. They get their story. Happy now?
Emily Hodson|Out of the millions who write, only very few manage to create an impact.
Deborah Ann|It’s destiny; the stars have aligned perfectly to bring us together as friends. You cannot argue with what’s meant to be, once the stars have spoken, it is absolute,” he uttered, all smug and knowing. Shocked that he used the word destiny, I cocked my head and shot him a look—for the first time actually seeing Parker. He was pretty…too pretty to be a guy; streaky blond hair—as if each streak had been strategically placed—dark eyes, pale skin, and a charming smile that dimpled in one cheek. “Destiny has already found me, with a clearly marked path for my future,” I retorted. “Then you are doubly fortunate, to have it find you twice.” Parker smiled again, his eyes eerily piercing into mine.
Muhammad Yunus|I think everybody has their own way of looking at their lives as some kind of pilgrimage. Some people will see their role as a pilgrim in terms of setting up a fine family, or establishing a business inheritance. Everyone's got their own definition.
Michael Chabon, Moonglow|I agreed to keep the cards a secret and asked my grandmother if she believed in magic. She said she did not but that, surprisingly, magic worked even if you did not believe in it.
John Stuart Mill|The modern conservative is engaged in one of man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is, the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness... & ... Liberalism is, I think, resurgent. One reason is that more and more people are so painfully aware of the alternative.–
Nicole Baart, Summer Snow|I wanted so much when I was young. I was an endless abyss of want, of need of desperate dreams for myself that defied logic. The promise of what was to come hung like rings around the moon on clear autumn nights; the future was unmistakeable. It was always there, glistening in the dark and suggesting that life was little more than climbing a ladder into the sky, where I could reach up with one hand and secure everything that I had ever hoped for in my grasping fingers.Oh, I dreamed.And they are not easy to give up, these dreams.
Amy Leach, Things That Are|I wondered, as I wondered so often when I was that age, who /I/ was, and what exactly was looking at the face in the mirror. If the face I was looking at wasn't me, and I knew it wasn't, because I would still be me whatever happened to my face, then what /was/ me? And what was watchig?
Donna Grant, Smoldering Hunger|She looked Con up and down. ... "I went to do your stupid ass a favor. Next time I'll decline."	She started to turn away when his hand wrapped around her arm to hold her. Rhi looked down at his fingers, then at his face.	"I doona trust you."	"You never have," she responded coolly. "This is nothing new."	He yanked her close so that their faces were inches apart. "If you betray us, there's nowhere you can hid where I won't find you. And kill you."	She smiled, briefly debating putting her lips to his and seeing his reaction. Right before she teleported away, she said, "Kiss my grits.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|...the assessment of psychological drift, that is the way in which an undirected pedestrian tends to move about in a particular quarter of the town, tending to establish natural connections between places, the zones of influence of particular institutions and public services, and so forth. It may well be objected that these techniques are un-scientific, disorderly and too subjective, but the fact remains that the Situationists are studying the actual texture of towns and their relationship to human beings more intensively than most architects and in a more down-to-pavement manner than most town planners.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|I’ve won his heart, but it’s like owning a house in which most of the doors are permanently locked. He wants to shield me from all unpleasantness. And it’s not really marriage—not like the marriage you have with Cam—until he’s willing to share the worst of himself as well as the best of himself.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|It takes a lot of time, focus and energy to realize the enormity of being the ocean with your very own tide every month. However, by honoring the demands of bleeding, our blood gives something in return. The crazed bitch from irritation hell recedes. In her place arises a side of ourselves with whom we may not—at first—be comfortable. She is a vulnerable, highly perceptive genius who can ponder a given issue and take her world by storm. When we’re quiet and bleeding, we stumble upon the solutions to dilemmas that’ve been bugging us all month. Inspiration hits and moments of epiphany rumba ‘across de tundra of our senses. In this mode of existence one does not feel antipathy towards a bodily ritual so profoundly and routinely reinforces our cuntpower.
Tom Verducci, The Cubs Way: The Zen of Building the Best Team in Baseball and Breaking the Curse|The power of a boy's dream is one of life's little miracles, the way it wraps itself around the heart and remains through old age to the last breath.
Jack Kerouac, Desolation Angels|A market economy is to economics what democracy is to government: a decent, if flawed, choice among many bad alternatives.
Jillian Michaels|It's true that I have a wide range of interests. I like to write and paint and make music and go walking on my own and garden. In fact, gardening is probably what I enjoy doing more than anything else.
Cheryl Cole|You give loyalty, you'll get it back. You give love, you'll get it back.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Wow," Puck mused, standing beside me. "The River of Dreams." ... Moons, comets and constellations rippled on the surface, and other, stranger things floated upon the misty black waters. Petals and book pages, butterfly wings and silver medals. The hilt of a sword stuck out of the water at an odd angle, the silver blade tangled with ribbons and spiderwebs. A coffin bobbed to the surface, covered in dead lilies, before sinking into the depths once more. The debris of human imaginations, floating through the dark waters of dream and nightmare.
Matt Wallace, Lustlocked|So you’re saying they don’t want to kill us, they want to fuck us?”“At that level of desire the two acts are interchangeable, sir.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Tell me you didn’t,” she groaned, knowing it would not be the truth. “Please tell me you didn’t take advantage of these poor people.”	“I didn’t,” he chirped.	“Liar.”	With an irritated sigh he tried to convince her. “Amora, you’re not seeing things from an immortal perspective. The people who built this temple…”	“Temple?” she cried, cutting him off. “You forced these people to build you a temple? Why? Because all of a sudden you’re God now?”	Perturbed by her interruption, he raised a warning finger. “No, no, Amora, not God. But from their viewpoint I may seem a bit…..god-like.”	She rolled her eyes in an exaggerated manner.	“If you would let me finish,” he went on, “these particular individuals had no part in the construction of that monument; it was their ancestors who erected it. And I must say, they did a fine job. My likeness has weathered the centuries quite well.”	“You’re despicable.”	He frowned at the insult. “Nobody was forced to build us a temple, Amora. They chose to do so.”	“You were that impressive to them, huh?”	“Apparently.” His eyes twinkled at the memory. He took a few steps toward the distant city, pulling Eena along. “Come on, let’s go have some fun.”	“No way.” She planted her feet, refusing. Surprisingly it put a stop to him. 	“And why not?”	“Because your sudden appearance will upset them! No doubt you’ll want to show off with some shockingly grand entrance. I’m not going to take part in a game of deceit.”	“I’m not deceiving anyone,” Edgar disputed. “I can’t help it if they happen to think I’m perfectly magnificent.”	His pompous view of himself earned a nasty look as well as a lecture. “I can’t believe you’re okay with selling people lies that affect the way they live and think! You’re not even close to being a god, Edgar, and yet you allow them to accept you as some sort of deity because of your unusual abilities. For centuries now you’ve abandoned this world and a population who probably looked to you and your lousy sisters for help. It’s all a big, disgusting sham!”	Edgar pouted like a child. “Fine—spoil all my fun. We’ll go do something else. Something that doesn’t include your poor, fragile, stupid mortals.”	“They’re not stupid.”	“They think I’m a god,” he sn
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|Time travelers tend, as a group, to have a lot of hobbies.
Michelle Franklin|Jerzy,” said I, turning to the Dean of Students, who was nearby, “You’re experienced in these things, and I’m not. Will you tell me whether it is an unalterable rule in this school for a teacher to lose himself in the middle of the night scrambling to find what he cannot see and what is probably not there?”“Isn’t that what we do in the classroom every day?” said Witskoc. “Yes, I’m afraid that’s how it is. I’d like to see how you can construct a pedagogical context made up of nothing but security and certainties.
Sunday Adelaja|I'm getting a daily email from Microsoft which I have been ignoring that states a hacker is trying to access my account. As far as the Microsoft account goes, the hacker can have it...along with all of the nasty Windows 10 upgrade problems!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Worn old shoes need a good cobbler to be repaired; but worn old thoughts, only a rubbish bin!
Daniel Waters, Kiss of Life|Love is always a miracle, everywhere,every time. But for us, it's a little different. I don't want to say it's more miraculous,...It is though.
Luggs, Heaven Won't Wait|Lie. Lie. Lie. But remember.Move. Move. While others sleep, move.
Donna Lynn Hess, A Father's Promise|Remember, son, you're most afraid when you can think of no one but yourself.
Abhijit Naskar|In order to attain extraordinary greatness, first you need to be drowned in the deepest fathoms of helplessness, misery and heartache.
Jeffrey Fischer|when your actions towards acquiring leadership in any country portrays blatant mischief orchestrated towards disregarding the concepts of the constitution, you do not only become guilty of hijacking power which rightfully belong to the people, but also, you are guilty of violation of the rights of freedom of the same people that you purport to want to lead. Like any match, elections is competition towards democracy, and all competitions have rules that set guidelines in that particular competition. Any violation of such rules renders that competition invalid. True democracy does not condone compromises. True democracy upholds and adheres to the rule of law, for it is the rule of law that can explicitly define democracy.
Isolde Martyn, Mistress to the Crown|No matter where she went, God was her family. He was her hope.
Nicholas Sparks, At First Sight|Every couple has ups and downs, every couple argues, and that’s the thing—you’re a couple, and couples can’t function without trust.
Slavoj Žižek|If you have reasons to love someone, you don’t love them.
Hannah Kent, Burial Rites|You Can Trust. Yes, but Try to remember even Demons had their wings.
Robyn Carr, Wild Man Creek|He tends to go for girls who are-Shelby, honey? Put your hands over your ears for just a sec.” Back into the phone he said, “He likes the real slutty ones. Ow!” he yelled when he received a whop to the back of the head.
John Steinbeck|If there is a magic in story writing, and I am convinced there is, no one has ever been able to reduce it to a recipe that can be passed from one person to another.
Camille Paglia, Sexual Personae: Art and Decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson|Reunion with the mother is a siren call haunting our imagination. Once there was bliss, and now there is struggle. Dim memories of life before the traumatic separation of birth may be the source of Arcadian fantasies of a lost golden age.
Stefania Mattana, Cutting Right to the Chase Vol.2,|Have you ever been in jail, mate? Whatever you did in your life, nothing can be compared to a single day in jail.
Tiffany Trump|It's funny: most people who recognize me on the subway and stuff - it's much more they think of me as a funny guy. I get much more of people telling me how much I make them laugh, actually. Which is nice.
Jule Warner|The author jokes that the culture at his first job at Entertainment Weekly chased away the worthwhile aspects of his Brown education, but in so doing he makes a subtle point about the profound impact of the culture with which we surround ourselves and how easily we can be defined and constrained by our jobs.
Lily Cole|Fortunately for me, my mother loved travel. Our first non-beach family trip abroad - to England, France, and Switzerland - came when I was 11, and thereafter, we often tagged along on my father's European business trips.
Robert A. Heinlein|Writing is not necessarily something to be ashamed of, but do it in private and wash your hands afterwards.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I just looked you in TedX, I just check out... you had a problem in one of the eyes... probably and in the both eyes... also you were woried. I'm sure as conclusion I can say that you weren't sure what to say.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|He is deaf, and keen to accept,any economical operation,that will correct his situation.He visited the doctor best,and started talking on subject,like the after-effects, and if any threats.The doctor medically checked,and asked him what he expects?He expressed, he wants to be addressed-in words, and not in signs.And how keen he is, to have his ears listening.He wants to listen the echo of,sun-set over that crimson dawn.He is keen to know, the sound of,a blooming rose.He wants to know what it sounds like,when a seedling grows.But Doctor- if you say: You are incapable,then I better get away,for then there is- nothing worth to be heard,in your seemingly wordy world.
Christopher Dawson|Both of my parents would say they were atheists, so where I inherited my connection to God I don't know. But it's natural. No Bible, no Torah, just the love religion.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon, What Is Property?|Look, everything the Communists say about capitalism is true, and everything the capitalists say about Communism is true. The difference is, our system works because it's based on the truth about people's selfishness, and theirs doesn't because it's based on a fairy tale about people's brotherhood. It's such a crazy fairy tale they've got to take people and put them in Siberia in order to get them to believe it.
John le Carré, The Honourable Schoolboy|Yet it's not for want of future that I'm here, he thought. It's for want of a present.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|If I seem to you to change my state and alter my condition, I do not change my mind. I try always to be Hutten, never to desert myself, but to walk with equanimity through the unequal scenes of life.
Al Roker|Making changes in the fast food that makes up such a significant part of the American diet, even if the numbers aren't impressive, will have important health up sides.
Kelly Rheel|Never have I seen so many young, privileged, people trying so hard to be happy. There are countless articles written about it, blogs named for it, workshops attending to it. Who ever said we’re supposed to be happy all the time, anyway? We’re not. And the pressure to do so might be what’s making us unhappy to begin with. It’s OK if you’re not completely content with your life twenty-four hours a day. Can you imagine what a boring person you’d be if you were? Going through shit storms, feeling uninspired, hating the way you look and having guilt over not accomplishing enough are just some of the things that make you interesting, relatable and human. Not to mention, if you’re reading this, then you have internet access and if you have internet access, it stands to reason that you have a computer, which makes me think you probably have a place to live, with electricity and plenty of food to eat and clean clothes to wear, which are all things that an enormous amount of people living on the planet today do not have. This is not to say that people shouldn’t strive to better their positions in life, however it seems like so many of us are no longer content with a regular amount of happy, yet dead-set on being maniacally jubilant, all of the time.
Clotilde Martinez, Moura Enchanted|There is an old myth among the old folks here that if you wished on a moonlight river, your dreams will come true
Jeffrey Tayler|And years from now,you may not remember exactly what you ate.But you’ll remember who you ate with.
Bridget Riley|In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only the forward-looking Christian remains sincerely optimistic and joyful, knowing that Christ will win in the end.
Howard Tayler|Maxim 37: There is no "overkill." There is only "open fire" and "reload."-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Barton Gellman|Economics pretends to be a science. Its practitioners fill blackboards with equations and clog computers with data. But it is really a faith, or more accurately a set of overlapping and squabbling faiths, each with its own doctrines.
Clive Barker|That's half of your trouble," muttered the crocodile. "You believe everything's true.""That's because everything is," replied Mr. Bacchus.
Rahul Bodkhe|If you want something different, do something different. "Same crap, different day" doesn't describe the day; it describes your attitude towards it.
Martha MacIsaac|After I graduated high school and came out to do 'Buffy,' I was enrolled at my mom's university, and I was going to go get a real job. I never thought of acting and never really wanted to be an actor.
Ben Hogan|A well hit golf shot is a feeling that goes up the shaft, right through your hands and into your heart.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Here was something I already knew to be true about myself: Just as there are some wives who will occasionally need a break from their husbands in order to visit a spa for the weekend with their girlfriends, I will always be the sort of wife who occasionally needs a break from her husband in order to visit Cambodia. Just for a few days!
Charles McCarry|Since 2001, the Patriot Act has provided the means to detect and disrupt terrorist threats against the U.S. Prior to enactment of the law, major legal barriers prevented intelligence, national defense, and law enforcement agencies from working together and sharing information.
Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley|What if I said I wanted a friend?' The ship crouches among the fresh-cut stalks. 'Or a lover? That's how you make a person, yes? By affection and intimacy. By touches like knives in a salted bed.
Neil Postman|I dislike interaction. The less I say the better I feel. I was naturally a loner. I didn’t want conversation, or to goanywhere. I didn’t understand other people who wanted to share their emotions. Parties sickened me. I was drawn to all the wrong things: I was lazy, I didn’t have a god, politics, ideas, ideals. I was settled into nothingness; a kind of non-being, and I accepted it. I didn’t make for an interesting person. I didn’t want to be interesting, it was too hard. What I really wanted was only a soft, hazy space to live in, and to be left alone. Relationships never worked with me. I alwayslost interest. I simply disliked people, crowds, anywhere, except at my readings.
D.H. Lawrence|Human desire is the criterion of all truth and all good. Truth does not lie beyond humanity, but is one of the products of the human mind and feeling. There is really nothing to fear. The motive of fear in religion is base...
Brian Wilson|Leadership is hard to define and good leadership even harder. But if you can get people to follow you to the ends of the earth, you are a great leader.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|We have disagreements as to what race does and ought to mean, but we have a remarkable consensus on what it is, without any ability to define it technically.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|The starting place for your greatness is desire. The desire to succeed, to serve others, to keep on going no matter what; the desire to...
Graydon Carter|The secret is to work less as individuals and more as a team. As a coach, I play not my eleven best, but my best eleven.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|It [Foucault's Pendulum] can be very comforting for people of my generation, who ate disappointment for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.
Rufus Wainwright|I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|I used to condemn junkies, like they could get off the stuff if they really wanted to, and that is just as stupid as saying, "You could grow eyes in the back of your head if you really wanted to.
Donald McCaig|I know that throughout their history, the people of the United States defended their freedom, their liberty, their justice, and their rights - if need be - with their lives. I think their courage is so admirable.
Mary Norris, Between You  Me: Confessions of a Comma Queen|The alternative is to locate large deposits of specifically what we need, and extract it in bulk from the earth.”“That’s mining,” said the Drip. “There is a twenty-third century legend that youth was conscripted to work in mines. Anyhow, all young people were known as miners at one period.
Susan Orlean|I went to a football school, which meant that I went to a university that served up education and was simultaneously operating a sports franchise.
Romain Rolland, Above the Battle|Discussion is impossible with someone who claims not to seek the truth, but already to possess it.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I’ve never done this before. I didn’t go to human bars. Mudslides aside, I’m not much of a drinker. Club people are not my people. Now, book-club people—
Adam Haslett, Imagine Me Gone|A few months ago, a fog blinded me, thicker than ever before. I slept in the monster’s arms. I felt its breath on my neck, its scaled stomach rising and falling against my back, its head and face invisible as always. I couldn’t pretend anymore to Margaret that I was working. The children receded into noises grating on my ears. I stopped moving. Weeks went by indistinguishable one from another. I could smell the rot of myself, my armpits, my breath, my groin, as though the living part of death had already commenced, the preliminary decomposing, as the will fades. In Dante and Milton hell is vivid. Sin organizes the dead into struggle. The darkness bristles with life. There is story upon story to tell. But in the fog there is nothing to see. The monster you lie with is your own. The struggle is endlessly private. I thought it was over. That one night the beast at my back would squeeze more tightly and I would cease breathing. What remained of me hoped for it.
B.A. Gabrielle|We choose our favourite author as we do our friend, from a conformity of humour and disposition. Mirth or passion, sentiment or reflection; whichever of these most predominates in our temper, it gives us a peculiar sympathy with the writer who resembles us.
Alexis  Hall, Waiting for the Flood|The only way I survive is to never stop moving. I make sure I'm always surrounded by others, so I won't have time to think and end up imploding like a dying star.
William Shakespeare, Othello|Skylar, you have to understand... All the things I did... I did it for me. I liked it. I was good at it. And... I was... really... I was alive.
Martin Luther|Be a sinner and sin﻿﻿ boldly,﻿ but believe and﻿﻿ rejoice in Christ even more boldly.
John Locke, Second Treatise of Government|Freedom is never the ally of law. You can have freedom to choose whether you want to join or leave the society based on the rule of law. But so long as you live in such a society, you must obey the law.
Richard P. Denney, What Lies Beneath|I didn't even notice that my shoes were full of mud by the time I reached the rocky shore. There was ragged yellow police tape tied to some branches, dancing in the wind. It was as if the tape was waving, welcoming me back to place where I would have died.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|I know you're in a world of pain, but that pain will lessen. At the beginning you can't see that. You can only see your pain and you think it will never go away.But the nature of pain is that it changes— it changes like a sunset. At first, it's this intense red-orange in the sky, and then it starts getting softer and soften. The texture of pain changes as you work through it. And then one day, you wake up and realize that life isn't just about working through your incest; it's about living, too.- survivor of child sexual abuse
Denis McDonough|We have to be thankful to the Czechs that they did their duty. The Czech Republic won, I can't believe it. It was a huge party with all the people here.
Steve Maraboli|Set a high standard on how you treat women. Whether they appreciate it or not, don’t lower your own standards of behavior.
John Marsden, A Killing Frost|My survival was up to me. I had nothing and I had no one. What I did have, I told myself, was my mind, my imagination, my memory, my feelings, my spirit. These were important and powerful things.
Theodore Sturgeon|It is quite true that women like courage, and that boldness often goes a long way; but it is questionable whether with high-bred natures a subdued, quiet, and delicate manner does not go still further.
Alyssa Brugman, Alex As Well|I can see where this is going, too. Of course, I can, because I am Alex as well. But I want to dress up in gorgeous clothes and strut up and down the runway like they do in the magazines, swishing my tail. I want to dress up with Amina and Julia and giggle and be girlfriends, arm in arm. I want to be beautiful. I want other people to think I am beautiful.
Margaret Atwood|Pink is supposed to weaken your enemies, make them go soft on you, which must be why it's used for baby girls. It's a wonder the military hasn't got on to this.
Alexander Gordon Smith, The Fury|And what could the darkness be, other than humanity? This crushing, heavy mass of people who had no legitimate right to life. How many souls lived on earth now? Six billion? Seven? All of them like insects, crawling around on their hands and knees or slaughtering one another in pursuit of scraps. They were ignorant, they were cruel, they were the night that smothered the day. They did not deserve their existence.
Nadun Lokuliyanage|The biggest problem which is ever than is from the parents by saying "Don't give your money to the kids" or something like this. People must learn to risk, to make risks, not to be people which to play safety. If it is safety where is adrenaline? Where is the mess?? Where is the curiosity?? Where is the reward after all done??Where are the challanges which change your way of thinking?? Where are the lessons???Parents should teach their child or children about safety and about the risk. "They must say to them that to make risk is the part of the proccess!
Shannon L. Alder|A life out of balance is a person that doesn’t believe happiness can be achieved now, or in the future. It is as fleeting as the wind.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|No matter how long or how difficult, we will undo whatever that Moroi boy has done to you." to me.
Debasish Mridha|To solve a problem, change your awareness, perception, and consciousness about the problem.
Michelle Franklin|I am never one to judge others; I am so eccentric myself that I have no right to cast aspersions. A person may or may not like a thing, and I have little to say other than I love it too or how could you dare not like it please die promptly, but I leave everyone to find their own niches in time. We are all avid about certain things; I happen to rave over many subjects, all of which have a place in the Kingdom of Nerdonia, and whenever I hear someone unjustly disparage a thing I consider sacred, I lay it down that the person is either mistaken or a dunderwhelp, the latter being the likeliest of the two. There is a great difference between knowledge accompanied by bias and ignorance accompanied by gallantry, and while all tastes may be what they are, there are bare necessities that will immediately define a character and relationship, these things usually being how many Monty Python lines one knows and whether or not they know what Iocaine is.The strength of lasting friendships rests on whether one can sing the theme to Neverending Story.
Jonathan Safran Foer|It has shown me that everything is illuminated in the light of the past. It is always along the side of us...on the inside, looking out.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|I'm not crazy or dangerous,just a bit eccentric and lonely.
Sonja Yoerg, House Broken|In a corner of her heart she imagined her compassion as kindling that could ignite not only her tender and guarded feelings for her mother, but also jump across the void and ignite her mother’s feelings for her.
Kelle Hampton, Bloom: Finding Beauty in the Unexpected--A Memoir|She could strive for perfection only in certain, few things; beyond that, it was important only to be tidy.
Pablo Tusset, The Best Thing That Can Happen to a Croissant|To say "all that which does not exist" is to introduce, effectively, a new concept, but it does not bring into existence anything more than that very concept which it introduces. That is, a certain entity about which we know nothing except that it bears the name of "all that which does not exist.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|He was lonely because he could imagine himself as anything but himself and as anywhere but where he was. His competitiveness and self-centeredness cut him off from any thought of shared life. He wanted to have more because he thought that having more would make him able to live more, and he was lonely because he never thought of the sources, the places, where he was going to get what he wanted to have, or of what his having it might cost others. It was loneliness that sometimes even he felt; you could see it. A self-praiser has got to accept a big loneliness in order to accept a little credit.
Alison Gopnik|I've been dancing since I was two, learning so many different styles. I like dancing to rap and hip-hop, but also the Strokes, the Hives, and the Vines with carefree randomness. There's always a way to move to something.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Okay, someone’s been smoking the wacky tobacky. And keep your hands to yourself!” She smacked at his roving fingers, fighting the shivers following his touch. "I agreed to let you accompany me because, well...maybe you're right. We should try and put the animosity between our families-stop that!" She gripped his fingers and tried to twist them, but he easily pulled out of her grip. Alessandro laughed. “Darling, I haven’t laughed in ages like I do when I’m with you. I propose a clean slate, eh?” He sighed and sat back against the seat. “Brianna. I’m not going to give up until you are mine. You could make this so much easier if you just accept the inevitable.” He lifted his hand to cup the side of her face. “We belong to each other, and you know it.
Amy Harmon, The Bird and the Sword|It's been said that actions speak louder than words. Sometimes, it's what you don't say or do, that sends the loudest message.
Shannon L. Alder|Remember, the village idiot was the spiritual man who built the ark and saved his family. Keep being you and never give up marching to the beat of your own drum!
Leah Braemel, Slow Ride Home|I thought I knew what love was….I had this vision of it. Flowers and walks holding hands, and making love, and smiling, and being happy. But now I know what it really is. Love is a poison—and the only antidote is him. Without him I will die.
Anne Bishop|It was Jaenelle's voice, but...She was medium height, slender, and fair-skinned. Her gold mane--not quite hair and not quite fur--was brushed up and back from her exotic face and didn't hide the delicately pointed ears. In the center of her forehead was a tiny, spiral horn. A narrow strip of gold fur traced her spine, ending in a small gold and white fawn tail that flicked over her bare buttocks. The legs were human and shapely, but changed below the calf. Instead of feet, she had dainty horse's hooves. Her human hands had sheathed claws like a cat's. As she shifted position to slip another shard into place, he saw the small, round breasts, the feminine curve of waist and hips, the dark-gold triangle of hair between her legs.Who...?But he knew. Even before she walked over and looked at him, even before he saw the feral intelligence in those ancient, haunted sapphire eyes, he knew. Terrifying and beautiful. Human and Other. Gentle and violent. Innocent and wise.*I am Witch,* she said, a small, defiant quiver in her voice.*I know.* His voice had a seductive throb in it, a hunger he couldn't control or mask.
Garry Disher, Hell to Pay|Until now, I felt like I had no real purpose in life, I found myself just wandering through the day to day tasks that have no consequence or interpretation to the kind of woman I am. These emotions have been with me for a number of years now, and I often wonder if it has to do with the death of my mother and the suspicious circumstances in which she passed. What is it about Chas that brings new substance to my life?
Alfred Lansing|Delicious days ahead for solitude and writing and, oh yes, the holiday meal with family. Live with my characters until term starts in 2012!
Kanye West|Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
John Tesh|I have a theory that if you're famous more years than you're not famous, then you get a little nutty.
Angela B. Wade, Fallen River|I twisted my body, suddenly unable to stand his hands on me. “Do you really think I give a damn what you are? That anything else matters to me more than you, yourself? I don’t want you to stay because you think I need a protector, Daniel. I’ve been looking after myself for a very long time now, and I’ve done just fine. Dammit, have some faith in me.”“If I didn’t have faith in you, Sarah, I wouldn’t feel this way.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Several centuries ago the greatest writer in history described the two most menacing clouds that hang over human government and human society as "malice domestic and fierce foreign war." We are not rid of these dangers but we can summon our intelligence to meet them.Never was there more genuine reason for Americans to face down these two causes of fear. "Malice domestic" from time to time will come to you in the shape of those who would raise false issues, pervert facts, preach the gospel of hate, and minimize the importance of public action to secure human rights or spiritual ideals. There are those today who would sow these seeds, but your answer to them is in the possession of the plain facts of our present condition.
Ellen Burstyn|Not like Chinese food, where you eat it and then you feel hungry an hour later.
C. JoyBell C.|We must become the person who is ready to accept the thing/s that we want. Sometimes, what you want is already waiting for you, alongside the person that you are capable of becoming. Alongside the destined you. So in between here and there, you have that journey, that process, of becoming that person. Wiser, stronger, gentler. We think that to attain what we want, means simply to achieve what we wish to attain. But if we could only see ourselves-- our destined selves-- already there in the future, standing hand-in-hand with our desires, we would always know that our worthy desires are objects that call us unto a higher calling, a higher state of existence.
Ellen DeGeneres|Criticism in good faith is good. When it's targeted solely to destruction, I'm not interested.
William A. Dembski|Scientists rightly resist invoking the supernatural in scientific explanations for fear of committing a god-of-the-gaps fallacy (the fallacy of using God as a stop-gap for ignorance). Yet without some restriction on the use of chance, scientists are in danger of committing a logically equivalent fallacy-one we may call the “chance-of-the-gaps fallacy.” Chance, like God, can become a stop-gap for ignorance.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|Writing is Like waking on Water, Seems not possible at all, But Only person Understand Who Feel the Walking Sound of Tears while felling from Eyes
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Develop an 'Attitude of Gratitude.' Try this little exercise: List three things for which you are grateful at this moment. It might be monumental, like having survived a disease. It might besomething spiritual, like your relationship with God or your family. It might be simple, like the fact that your car started this morning. Whatever positive things you list, it is always good for your outlook to be grateful.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|There is no exclusivity in the comparison of emotions attached to opposites "  This means that we can not appreciate feeling good when we have never felt bad. We can never appreciate comfort without being exposed to discomfort. let's make a determined effort every day to do uncomfortable things; because it's only when we push ourselves beyond our comfort limits that we get to uncover the abundant wealth of endurance within us, and get to tap into the true essence of comfort.
Robert Frost, The Road Not Taken and Other Poems|i asked him why he carried a flask."because the bottle pours too fucking slow
Michael Barakiva, One Man Guy|You're not scared to do the right thing, even when it's harder. Like telling Mr. Weedin when he had copied that problem wrong. Or calling me out when you thought I was being homophobic. And I respect that, Alek. You've got character. That's something I want in a guy I'm going to be with. It means he's going to treat me well, and that he deserves to be treated well himself.
Jim Sasser|There has been a huge advance in technology, which has improved the safety of the cars incredibly, but there are still some heavy crash impacts and in certain circumstances there is still the chance of fire today.
Henry B. Eyring|'The Desolation of Smaug' stands alone as an action/adventure epic movie. It's visually stunning, and the 3D is incredible. Plus, it's directed by Peter Jackson, and he's extraordinary.
John L. Esposito, Who Speaks For Islam?: What a Billion Muslims Really Think|Not all Muslims become involved in acts of violence. Yet all might be held culpable. THis is because that section of Muslim--in fact, the majority--who are not personally involved, neither disown those members of their community who are engaged in violence, nor even condemn them. In such a case, according to the Islamic Shariah itself, if the involved Muslims are directly responsible, the uninvolved Muslims are also indirectly responsible. (p. 91)
Sunday Adelaja|If you believe that everyone born of God overcomes the world, your country will see the beautiful morning of a new life
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|The life-loving, smart,good-hearted deaddon't want forty days of mourningor say, "After me the deluge!"Leaving behind some helpful things- a few words, a tree, a smile -each gets up and goesand does not burden the livingwith the darkness of the tomb,carrying the weightof his stone all alone.And because they ask for nothingfrom the living, it's as if they aren't d
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|For each person I lost I found a new layer of grief to cover myself with, and each time I tried to bring something of their essence into my own being - be it unconditional love, kindness and piety.
Anonymous|Mark 12:34When Jesus saw that he had answered wisely, he said to him, 'You are not far from the Kingdom of God.
Michelle A. Valentine, Rock the Heart|I don’t get where he gets off thinking he should be able to have his cake and eat it too because news flash, this cake store is fucking closed.--Lane
Mehak Bhalla|Don’t just expect life to be a continuous streak of wins,Expect it to be a balance of wins and losses,Expect it to be a roller coaster,Expect it to be a wild ride,Expect it to be glorious,Expect it to be devastating,Expect good days,and then expect moments that will test you for everything you have.Be Strong. Be Patient. Be Compassionate. Be Wild. Be Passionate. Be energetic. Follow your dreams. Believe.
Ayn Rand|I am. That has not changed. I am the villain. I am the one you should curse, not praise. I am no hero. Heroes look to fix what lies before them and head home after the leak is patched. A villain will remain poking and prodding his achievement long after they've won. Evil never sleeps. It's always looking for more ways to expand on its conquest.
George Selden, The Cricket in Times Square|...music, music, records, records, noise to cover silence.
Sanhita Baruah|Let it rain on some days,Let yourself shiver on some cold nights, So when it's Spring you'll know why it was all worth going through.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There exist a divine soul, spirit and strength.
Adelyn Birch, Boundaries After a Pathological Relationship|Abuse can take many forms. It always involves a boundary violation, although every boundary violation is not necessarily abuse.
Winston S. Churchill|I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.
Marshall Ramsay, Dreaming is for lovers|I had a dream about you last week. It was October 31, 2002 and we met at a Halloween party. You came dressed as yourself; I knew you’ve been hiding your true self all this time.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Probability is expectation founded upon partial knowledge. A perfect acquaintance with all the circumstances affecting the occurrence of an event would change expectation into certainty, and leave nether room nor demand for a theory of probabilities.
Steve Goodier|You have a great body. It is an intricate piece of technology and a sophisticated super-computer. It runs on peanuts and even regenerates itself. Your relationship with your body is one of the most important relationships you’ll ever have. And since repairs are expensive and spare parts are hard to come by, it pays to make that relationship good.
Quetzal|I pray God it is the answer I want, but if not I will accept any answer at all and try to be grateful for what I had.
Elizabeth Bowen, The Last September|And because no one answered or cared and a conversation went on without her she felt profoundly lonely, suspecting once more for herself a particular doom of exclusion. Something of the trees in their intimacy of shadow was shared by the husband and wife and their host in the tree-shadowed room. She thought of love with its gift of importance. "I must break in on all this," she thought as she looked around the room.
Frantz Fanon, Black Skin, White Masks|The rhetoric of ‘law and order’ was first mobilized in the late 1950s as Southern governors and law enforcement officials attempted to generate and mobilize white opposition to the Civil Rights Movement. In the years following Brown v. Board of Education, civil rights activists used direct-action tactics in an effort to force reluctant Southern States to desegregate public facilities. Southern governors and law enforcement officials often characterized these tactics as criminal and argued that the rise of the Civil Rights Movement was indicative of a breakdown of law and order. Support of civil rights legislation was derided by Southern conservatives as merely ‘rewarding lawbreakers.’	For more than a decade – from the mid 1950s until the late 1960s – conservatives systematically and strategically linked opposition to civil rights legislation to calls for law and order, arguing that Martin Luther King Jr.’s philosophy of civil disobedience was a leading cause of crime.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Is it true that you shouted at Professor Umbridge?''Yes,' said Harry.'You called her a liar?''Yes.''You told her He Who Must Not Be Named is back?''Yes.'Professor McGonagall sat down behind her desk, frowning at Harry. Then she said, 'Have a biscuit, Potter-''Have- what?
Noam Chomsky|The kind of work that should be the main part of life is the kind of work you would want to do if you weren't being paid for it. It's work that comes out of your own internal needs, interests and concerns.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Adam's lips are set in a grime line. I can't tell if he's about to cry or about to punch the guard. For his sake, I hope it's the former. For you own, I hope the latter.
Tori Amos, Piece by Piece|This is very simple in the world of chicks: some are hoochies, some are not, and some should never try to be. It's no different from the idea of sports. Now, I can go on my little rowing machine for four times a week, twenty-two minutes a time, and I can feel as if I flirt with the sporting world. Similar to the idea that a woman can put on something cuter for her man, for those moments, and flirt with garments that a hoochie woman might be pushing. But never for one moment should you get confused. My little rowing machine and I cannot consider ourselves athletes. Wearing the same garment does not a hoochie woman make. So if you are a true hoochie woman, may garments below the navel always be in your future. If you are not, then please don't throw away your cotton zippy jacket.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|I generally don’t become overexcited about things anyway, I’m just not one of those people.I’m not easily surprised by things either. I think it’s because I expect that anything can happen. That makes me sound like a believer and I’m not necessarily that either. I’ll phrase it better: I just accept things that happen. All things.
James Holman|The passion for travelling is, I believe, instinctive in some natures. We have seen men persevere in their enterprises against the most formidable obstacles; and, without means or friends, and even ignorant of the languages of the various countries through which they passed, pursue their perilous journeys into remote places, until, like the knight in the Arabian tale, they succeeded in snatching a memorial from every shrine they visited.
Phoebe Kitanidis, Whisper|The greatest of all faults is to imagine you have none".
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Adrian tipped my face up toward his and kissed me. Like always, the world around me stopped moving. No, the world became Adrian, only Adrian. Kissing him was as mind-blowing as ever, full of that same passion and need I had never believed I’d feel. But today, there was even more to it. I no longer had any doubt about whether this was wrong or right. It was a culmination of a long journey . . . or maybe the beginning of one.I wrapped my arms around his neck and pulled him closer. I didn’t care that we were out in public. I didn’t care that he was Moroi. All that mattered was that he was Adrian, my Adrian. My match. My partner in crime, in the long battle I’d just signed on for to right the wrongs in the Alchemist and Moroi worlds. Maybe Marcus was right that I’d also signed myself up for disaster, but I didn’t care. In that moment, it seemed that as long as Adrian and I were together, there was no challenge too great for us.I don’t know how long we stood there kissing. Like I said, the world around me was gone. Time had stopped. I was awash in the feel of Adrian’s body against mine, in his scent, and in the taste of his lips. That was all that mattered right now.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom Vol. II: Guidance from the Book of Changes|The person with a joyous heart is a treasure to be with, a wellspring of inspiration, and a fit companion. When we are joyous of heart, we hear a resonance in the songs of the birds, see resonance in the opening of a flower, and feel it in the pressure of a friend’s hand.
Earl Campbell|If you take any world problem, any issue on the planet, the solution to that problem certainly includes education. In education, the roadblock is the laptop.
Nicki Minaj|Some years ago there was a study to discover the most stressful occupation. It turned out not to be the head of a large business, football manager or prime minister, but rather: bus driver.
Wale|I just like the company of beautiful women. I have a weakness in that department. And I suppose because I am fairly well off and a famous musician, I'm up for grabs. And that makes me an eligible bachelor in the press.
Stedman Graham|In the 21st century, I believe the mission of the United Nations will be defined by a new, more profound awareness of the sanctity and dignity of every human life, regardless of race or religion.
Shannon L. Alder|I no longer follow the voices of the sane. I follow the ill because they see farther, feel much more and change what the sane will not. This is the paradox of philosophers---trying to understand mass delusion among great people that have faith and knowledge, yet they can’t graduate from their institutions of religious theology to apply the knowledge they have gained for the shifting of Zion---- from words to action; from comfort to uncomfortable; from self serving to self giving; from competition to supporting; to tradition to unity; from bias to acceptance; from me to us.
Saul Bellow|Everybody dies. There’s nothing you can do about it. Whether or not you eat six almonds a day. Whether or not you believe in God. (Although there’s no question a belief in God would come in handy. It would be great to think there’s a plan, and that everything happens for a reason. I don’t happen to believe that. And every time one of my friends says to me, “Everything happens for a reason,” I would like to smack her.)
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|Sometimes fate or life or whatever you want to call it, leaves a door a little open and you walk through it. But sometimes it locks the door and you have to find the key, or pick the lock, or knock the damn thing down. And sometimes, it doesn't even show you the door, and you have to build it yourself. But if you keep waiting for the doors to be opened for you..." she trails off.
Sivan Ravisankar|There are two kind of people in the world those who wish to be remembered, and those who are always remembered.
Coleen Innis|Don't worry about what you can't do, do what you can do!
John Banville, The Infinities|paithin- ... he is orn! mother peytin's son, come to lead us to safety!"zifnab- thats it! orn, favors his mother-roland- no, he doesnt. look! hes human! wouldnt mother whats- her - name's kid be and elf- wait!i know! he is one of the lords of thillia! come back to us, like the legend foretold!zifnab- that too! i dont know why i didnt recognize him. the spitting image of his father!
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Bravery is not the trait of a fearless person, lest the reckless actions of a fool be considered brave. Bravery is the quality that allows us to overcome our fears and succeed.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|When we replace a sense of service and gratitude with a sense of entitlement and expectation, we quickly see the demise of our relationships, society, and economy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To create a just world for women, we must firstly teach men to be just!
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|You’re either good, or you’re clever.
Charlotte Riddell, The Gentlewomen of Evil: An Anthology of Rare Supernatural Stories from the Pens of Victorian Ladies|And the bubbles of light again rose and fell, and in their disordered, irregular, turbulent maze, mingled with the wan moonlight. And now from these globules themselves as from the shell of an egg, monstrous things burst out; the air grew filled with them; larvae so bloodless and so hideous that I can in no way describe them except to remind the reader of the swarming life which the solar microscope brings before his eyes in a drop of water - things transparent, supple, agile, chasing each other, devouring each other - forms like nought ever beheld by the naked eye. As the shapes were without symmetry, so their movements were without order. In their very vagrancies there was no sport; they came round me and round, thicker and faster and swifter, swarming over my head, crawling over my right arm, which was outstretched in involuntary command against all evil beings. ("The House And The Brain")
E. Lockhart, The Boyfriend List: 15 Guys, 11 Shrink Appointments, 4 Ceramic Frogs and Me, Ruby Oliver|We're going to investigate," Fireheart meowed. "We can't decide how to get rid of these dogs until we know exactly what we have to face. We're not going to attack them, not yet-have you got that, Cloudtail?"Cloudtail's blue eyes burned into his, and he did not reply."I won't take you, Cloudtail, unless you promise to do as you're told without question.""Oh, all right." The tip of Cloudtail's tail flicked irritably. "I want every last dog turned into crowfood, but I'll do it you're way, Fireheart.""Good." Fireheart's gaze swept over the rest of the patrol. "Any questions?""What if we come across Tigerstar?" asked Sandstorm."A cat from another Clan on our territory?" Fireheart bared his teeth. "Yes, you can attack him.Cloudtil let out a growl of satisfaction.
Michael Johnson|There isn't quite a feeling you get from playing video games that you get when you're playing sports, which is like a sense of euphoria. You just get the satisfaction of doing something active and feeling good after.
William C. Bryant|An error does not become truth by reason of multiplied propagation, nor does truth become error because nobody sees it.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|Is the beauty of the Whole really enhanced by our agony? And is the Whole really beautiful? And what is beauty? Throughout all his existence man has been striving to hear the music of the spheres, and has seemed to himself once and again to catch some phrase of it, or even a hint of the whole form of it. Yet he can never be sure that he has truly heard it, nor even that there is any such perfect music at all to be heard. Inevitably so, for if it exists, it is not for him in his littleness. But one thing is certain. Man himself, at the very least, is music, a brave theme that makes music also of its vast accompaniment, its matrix of storms and stars. Man himself in his degree is eternally a beauty in the eternal form of things. It is very good to have been man. And so we may go forward together with laughter in our hearts, and peace, thankful for the past, and for our own courage. For we shall make after all a fair conclusion to this brief music that is man.
Stormie Omartian, The Power of a Praying Woman|It’s only when we acknowledge God as the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, that we can receive His love for us.
Mahatma Gandhi|Economic progress, in capitalist society, means turmoil.
David McCaffrey, In Extremis: A Hellbound Novella|[Murder] doesn't concern the victim and the guilty only. It affects the innocent too. You and I are innocent, but the shadow of murder has touched us. We don't know how that shadow is going to affect our lives.
Robert Delaunay|The speed of communication, the speed of information transfer, the cheapness of communication, the ease of moving things around the world are a difference in kind as well as degree.
Pella Grace, Knock Love Out|Who loves you, Warren Valentine?" She did. I want Lilla to know that kind of love. The kind of love that never leaves or abandons.
Neal Shusterman, Scythe|We're roughage," Tyger said. "If we don't cause a little intestinal distress, no one knows we're there.
Joanna Gaines, The Magnolia Story|In the privacy of her century-worn house she donned an old burka to stay warm. Years earlier, the ragged garment had been discarded by her eldest sister, Sarah. Zoe secretly retrieved it so she could wrap herself in its fond memories. Those memories, good and bad, quickened her weary heart. Only one person could help when she got nerved-up.
James Fenimore Cooper, Last of the Mohicans|You are young, and rich, and have friends, and at such an age I know it is hard to die!
Lillian E. Smith|I soon realized that no journey carries one far unless, as it extends into the world around us, it goes an equal distance into the world within.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My greatest blessings are my life, my children and my family.
John Paul II|Men are like wine-some turn to vinegar, but the best improve with age.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Corned beef and cabbage and leprechaun men.Colorful rainbows hide gold at their end.Shamrocks and clovers with three leaves plus one.Dress up in green—add a top hat for fun.Steal a quick kiss from the lasses in red.A tin whistle tune off the top of my head.Friends, raise a goblet and offer this to
Winifred Gallagher|What you focus on expands. So focus on what you want, not what you do not want.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Once we lose our fear of being tiny, we find ourselves on the threshold of a vast and awesome Universe which dwarfs -- in time, in space, and in potential -- the tidy anthropocentric proscenium of our ancestors.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|Like lightning she snatched her axe, and struck him on the neck - deep - once - twice - his life-blood gushed out, staining her feet.The stars touched midnight.
Debasish Mridha|When nobody loves you, love yourself.
Kelly Osbourne|Nowadays, everybody assumes, when they wake up in the morning, if they have a question, it will get answered. Because they have the internet. No matter what the question is, someone will answer their question.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Lying is not a sin, since there has never been a law-maker or philosopher who could determine what truth is. I lie for the fun of it. I lie for the fear of the gravity of life. I lie out of boredom. How can anyone who has more fantasy than the Catholic evening paper get by without lying?
Daniel Abraham, The Dragon's Path|Court games aren't fair. They don't judge men by their worth, and they aren't about what's just. Guilty men can hold power their whole lives and be wept for when they pass. Innocent men can be spent like coins because it's convenient. You don't have to have sinned for them to ruin you. If your destruction is useful to them, you'll be destroyed.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|He had a bright, reckless tenor that was always wandering off, looking for notes in the wrong places.
Gabbo De La Parra|The problem with today’s world is that we’re so used to fucking labels we must identify as something, whatever, anything— but HUMANS.The day we stop this obsession with male, female, black, white, godly, godless, conservative, liberal, gay, straight, rich, poor, and just call ourselves HUMANS, this desperate blue planet will become a better place for all.
Josh James Riebock, mY Generation: A Real Journey of Change and Hope|Often, the best stories aren't when someone pulls one 180-degree turn, but when someone pulls 180 one-degree turns: the stories when someone experiences a slow and, at times, indistinguishable evolution; the stories where a million tiny steps produce something so brilliant; the stories where perseverance and struggle go hand in hand.
Bedil, Bedil: Selected Poems|Good. Show me a man who thinks that he knows what 'good' is, and I will probably be able to show you a horror of a person. Show me a person who really knows what 'good' is, and I will show you that he almost never uses the word.
Louis L'Amour, The Lonesome Gods|When a man is one of a kind, he will be lonely wherever he is.
Steven Erikson, Dust of Dreams|..."Were hostages ever killed?"She shook her head. "Not until the end. When everything...fell apart. "All it needs,",she said, memories clouding her mind, "is the breaking of one rule, one law. A breaking that then no one calls to account. Once that happens, once the shock passes, every law shatters. Every rule of conduct, of proper behaviour, it all vanishes. Then the hounds inside each and everyone of us is unleashed. At that moment Withal" - she met his eyes, defiant against the grief she saw in them - "we show our true selves. We are not beasts- we are something far worse. There deep inside us. You see it - the emptiness in the eyes, as horror upon horror is committed, and no one feels. No one feels a thing." --Steven Erikson... Dust of Dreams
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We are all goofs of ourselves no matter how perfect the lives of some may seem. But when we embrace our flaws and work with it, sometimes, just sometimes, we get it right.
Greg Gutfeld|Travel is hard, but entertaining is joy.
Cristin Harber, Only for Him|Just focus on me,” I whispered to her, nipping her earlobe. “Nothing matters here but us. The way you feel. The way I feel. The way we feel together.
J. Green|The weird thing about houses is that they almost always look like nothing is happening inside of them, even thought they countain most of our lives.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|Darkling I listen; and, for many a timeI have been half in love with easeful Death...
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|They're brainless girls, otherwise they wouldn't be seen dead here. They're pretty, with ugly, appealing smiles and conversations we can't hear. They breathe smoke and blow it out, and words drop from their mouths and get crushed to the floor. Or they get discarded, just to glow with warmth for a moment, for someone else to tread on later.
Colette Dowling, The Cinderella Complex: Women's Hidden Fear of Independence|Given our socialization into dependency, women are also poor risk takers. (...) We avoid new situations, job changes, moves to different parts of the country. Women are afraid that if they should make a mistake, or do "the wrong thing", they'll be pun
ngr|Many feel that writers are a dime a dozen, so the goal is to break through and make it to the value of a penny.
Artur Schnabel|The notes I can handle no better than many pianists. But the pauses between the notes-ah, that is where the art resides.
Robert Stoller|There is nothing mixed up about a woman who loves women, who wants to have sex with them, or who identifies as a lesbian. It is society that is mixed up because it punishes people for not conforming to its gender stereotypes.
C. JoyBell C.|I think the reason why I don't read so much, is because as I have observed, whole books all boil down to a drop of essence. You can read a book full of ten thousand words and at the end, sum it up in one sentence; I am more for the one sentence. I am more for the essence. It's like how you need a truckload of roses to extract one drop of rose oil; I don't want to bother with the truckload of roses because I would rather walk away with the drop of rose oil. So in my mind, I have written two hundred books. Why? Because I have with me two hundred vials with one drop of essence in each!
Peter Adejimi|You can keep waiting for somebody else to define you, or give you your place in the world, or you can decide that you're not just somebody's broken puppet anymore. Choose.
William Shakespeare, Henry VIII|And yet - and yet - one's kite will rise on the wind as far as ever one has string to let it go. It tugs and tugs and will go, and one is glad the further it goes, even if everybody else is nasty about it.
Ufuoma Apoki, The Return of Lucas|I came to understand that in life: some make it happen, some watch it happen and some say, "What happened?". The beauty is, as long as you are alive you can choose in which category you want to belong
Christina Lauren, Wicked Sexy Liar|I forgot how it feels, how insanely different it is to make love, not just hook up of get off. It isn't two bodies coming into contact for pleasure alone. It's the weird sense of getting inside that person, turning sex into a fucking revelation.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|Writing and prayer are both a form of love, and love takes courage.
Ally Carter|I hope to turn my reader into the quiet person in the corner who, even when no one is telling them anything, sees everything.
Howie Mandel|In poor countries, we still need better ways to measure the effectiveness of the many government workers providing health services. They are the crucial link bringing tools such as vaccines and education to the people who need them most. How well trained are they? Are they showing up to work?
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|But what becomes of the divinity when it reveals itself in icons, when it is multiplied in simulacra? Does it remain the supreme power that is simply incarnated in images as a visible theology? Or does it volatilize itself in the simulacra that, alone, deploy their power and pomp of fascination - the visible machinery of icons substituted for the pure and intelligible Idea of God?
Christopher Nolan|There's always an element of self delusion among people who believe they ought to be President. There's an underestimation of your opponent and an overestimation of your own abilities. This is compatible with being rich and powerful, the idea that we were blessed by God because we deserve to be blessed.
Yves Saint Laurent|There are no greater treasures than the highest human qualities such as compassion, courage and hope. Not even tragic accident or disaster can destroy such treasures of the heart.
Courtney Carola, Where We Belong|She, herself, had only been in love once and it ended worse than a train wreck would, and she hated herself for what she had become because of it. Because of her ex-boyfriend, she didn’t trust easily, she didn’t date as much anymore, and she found herself not believing in love anymore. She told herself that after him, she was never going to put her heart through love again.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|When we fear what other people think about us, we are frequently more focused on 'being interesting' and less focused on 'taking an interest.' That's why many people talk a great deal when they are anxious and why many people never feel heard. If both people and conversation are trying to be interesting, there is no one left to genuinely listen.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Everyone wants to be happy, and there is a strong energy in us pushing us toward what we think will make us happy. But we may suffer a lot because of this. We need the insight that position, revenge, wealth, fame, or possessions are, more often than not, obstacles to our happiness. We need to cultivate the wish to be free of these things so we can enjoy the wonders of life that are always available — the blue sky, the trees, our beautiful children.
Rebecca Scherm, Unbecoming|- "It says in the brochure," said Arthur, pulling it out of his pocket and looking at it again, "that I can have a special prayer, individually tailored to me and my special needs." - "Oh, all right," said the old man. "Here's a prayer for you. Got a pencil?"- "Yes," said Arthur. - "It goes like this. Let's see now: "Protect me from knowing what I don't need to know. Protect me from even knowing that there are things to know that I don't know. Protect me from knowing that I decided not to know about the things that I decided not to know about. Amen." That's it. It's what you pray silently inside yourself anyway, so you may as well have it out in the open." - "Hmmm," said Arthur. "Well, thank you"- "There's another prayer that goes with it that's very Important," continued the old man, "so you'd better jot this down, too, just in case. You can never be too sure. "Lord, lord, lord. Protect me from the consequences of the above prayer. Amen." And that's it. Most of the trouble people get into in life comes from missing out that last part.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|After spending the previous night the way I had, I felt I could afford to lose some of the daytime to sleep.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|His voice caught. I choose you, Gretchen. Every time, I'll choose you.
Earl Nightingale|When we go through life believing that we need mercy, we’re more likely to extend it. As humans our tendency is to want justice for others, but mercy for ourselves. 	It doesn’t work that way. We reap what we sow. (Galatians 6:7) And the timing isn’t ours—it’s God’s. He often extends us mercy, not when we are well behaved, but when we are miserable, helpless, wicked, ungodly, and powerless. Even when we bring on our problems by our own choices, His mercy comes when we cry for it. To refuse to cry for it because we feel unworthy, is a win for Satan.
Rachel Sontag, House Rules|A void in my chest was beginning to fill with anger. Quiet, defeated anger that guaranteed me the right to my hurt, that believed no one could possibly understand that hurt.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is a process of self-realization, a realization that peace resides inside us, in our inner calmness and tranquility.
Dillon Burroughs|It’s not about keeping up the population, it’s about passing on who we are and what we've learned, so things keep going. So we don’t just end.
Jennifer L. Scott, Polish Your Poise with Madame Chic: Lessons in Everyday Elegance|The beautiful rests on the foundations of the necessary, Ralph Waldo Emerson.
Danny Meyer|It's like being at the kids' table at Thanksgiving - you can put your elbows on it, you don't have to talk politics... no matter how old I get, there's always a part of me that's sitting there.
Thomas Jefferson, benjamin franklin,|Tea Party adherents seemed to arrive at their dislike of the federal government via three routes--through their religious faith (the government curtailed the church, they felt), through hatred of taxes (which they saw as too high and too progressive), and through its impact on their loss of honor.
Bernardino Ramazzini|Not only in antiquity but in our own times also laws have been passed...to secure good conditions for workers; so it is right that the art of medicine should contribute its portion for the benefit and relief of those for whom the law has shown such foresight...[We] ought to show peculiar zeal...in taking precautions for their safety. I for one have done all that lay in my power, and have not thought it beneath me to step into workshops of the meaner sort now and again and study the obscure operations of mechanical arts.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God’s church is a Bible-centered church, and it grows strong under persecution.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Many people know themselves but hardly believe what they know. To be a leader, knowing yourself is not enough; you must believe what you know about yourself!
Roger McGuinn|I am not a great fan of computers. I do watch videos and analyse which batsman is playing how. Batsmen can play different shots on different days. A batsman may not play cover drives well, but if he connects with two such shots, he starts playing the drive well on that day.
George Orwell, England Your England|I don't want to lie about who I am, even if it doesn't matter. It's who I am. It's part of me.
John J. Stephens, The Fire Chronicle|Achan gritted his teeth and recalled Sir Eagan's words. Love was not taking because you wanted, he'd said. Love was sacrifice.
Bill Thrall, The Ascent of a Leader Experience Guide|Character – the inner world of motives and values that shapes our actions – is the ultimate determiner of the nature of our leadership. It empowers our capacities while keeping them in check. It distinguishes those who steward power well from those who abuse power. Character weaves such values as integrity, honesty, and selfless service into the fabric of our lives, organizations, and cultures.
Isabella Rossellini|If you're an adult and you choose not to believe in science, fine, but please don't prevent your children from learning about it and letting them draw their own conclusions.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|She felt the adagio from Joaquin Rodrigo’s Concierto de Aranjuez strumming at her inner thighs like a guitar, and then slowly moving upwards until it wrapped around her heart in its denouement.
Selena Gomez|I have short goals - to get better every day, to help my teammates every day - but my only ultimate goal is to win an NBA championship. It's all that matters. I dream about it. I dream about it all the time, how it would look, how it would feel. It would be so amazing.
Hanif Kureishi, Intimacy: das Buch zum Film von Patrice Chéreau|If you never left anything or anyone there would be no room for the new. Naturally, to move on is an infidelity -- to others, to the past, to old notions of oneself. Perhaps every day should contain at least one essential infidelity or necessary betrayal. It would be an optimistic, hopeful act, guaranteeing belief in the future -- a declaration that things can be not only different but better.
Baruch Spinoza|Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious wine for mankind and makes them spiritually drunken.
Shannon L. Alder|A friend is not the shadow that mimics you, but the one who casts all shadows away.
A.E. Poynor, Somewhere West of Roads|The important thing for any writer to remember is to take the writing seriously, but not the writer.
Gloria Goldreich, Dinner with Anna Karenina|They were...no ordinary group, gathering together to kill an evening, to seek refuge from critical husbands and demanding children while idly discussing their new best-seller. They met because literature was their shared passion. Books were as important to them as breath itself. They shared the ability to immerse themselves in the lives of fictional characters, to argue passionately about the development of plots, about decisions taken, dilemmas resolved.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|To injure, ignore, disrespect, and violate the innocence of a child are among the greatest evils known to man.
الحبيب عمر بن حفيظ - Habib Umar bin Hafiz|Allah says in Surah Ar-Rahman that every thing in the Heavens and the Earth begs Allah for its needs. The argument can be made that an atheist doesn't ask Allah for anything at all. The answer to that is simple: his throat begs to Allah when it is thirsty, his heart seeks permission from Allah before beating each and every single time, and every blood cell asks Allah's permission before traveling through his veins. There is only one small part of his heart, his free will, that is in disobedience to Allah. And even that part will beg to Allah on Judgment Day.
Stephane Rolland|Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In Christ, my chains are broken.
Robert Burton|Redefining marriage will have huge implications for what is taught in our schools, and for wider society. It will redefine society since the institution of marriage is one of the fundamental building blocks of society. The repercussions of enacting same-sex marriage into law will be immense.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Let's fall, or rather rise, in Love.
John Crowley, Novelty: Four Stories|Novelty and Security: the security of novelty, the novelty of security. Always the full thing, the whole subject, the true subject, stood just behind the one you found yourself contemplating. The trick, but it wasn't a trick, was to take up at once the thing you saw and the reason you saw it as well; to always bite off more than you could chew, and then chew it. If it were self-indulgence for him to cut and polish his semiprecious memories, and yet seem like danger, like a struggle he was unfit for, then self-indulgence was a potent force, he must examine it, he must reckon with it.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Lowland|In a world of diminishing mystery, the unknown persists.
Arthur Alexander|Another sort of false prayers are our regrets. Discontent is the want of self-reliance: it is infirmity of will. Regret calamities, if you can thereby help the sufferer; if not, attend your own work, and already the evil begins to be repaired. Our sympathy is just as base. We come to them who weep foolishly, and sit down and cry for company, instead of imparting to them truth and health in rough electric shocks, putting them once more in communication with their own reason. The secret of fortune is joy in our hands. Welcome evermore to gods and men is the self-helping man. For him all doors are flung wide: him all tongues greet, all honors crown, all eyes follow with desire.
Harrish Sairaman|Life growth is like muscle growth, you have to stretch beyond, feed it properly and rest. When you meditate, rest and reflect is when growth happens!!!!
