Mehmet Murat ildan|Umbrella is comfort, rain is life! You must often leave comfort to touch the life!
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|If there's any guy crazy enough to attack me, I'm going to show him the end of the world -- close up. I'm going to let him see the kingdom come with his own eyes. I'm going to send him straight to the southern hemisphere and let the ashes of death rain all over him and the kangaroos and the wallabies.
Joe Haldeman, Thieves' World|come humans, fulfill your evolutionary purpose adn build your hound a fire." Oberon
William Wordsworth, Ode: Intimations Of Immortality From Recollections Of Early Childhood|That's what sailing is, a dance, and your partner is the sea. And with the sea you never take liberties. You ask her, you don't tell her. You have to remember always that she's the leader, not you. You and your boat are dancing to her tune.
Fran Lebowitz|Art to me is an anecdote of the spirit, and the only means of making concrete the purpose of its varied quickness and stillness.
Tove Jansson, Comet in Moominland|Are you too frightened to go any farther?" asked the silk-monkey, who found all this very easy, having four legs herself."I'm never afraid," answered Sniff. "But I think the view is better from here.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|I lean back on the pillows and look at the corners of the room. When I was a kid, I always wanted to live on the ceiling - it looked so clean and uncluttered, like the top of a cake.
Carrie Ann Ryan, An Immortal's Song|I don't want you two hurt because of me."..."At least try, sweetling. Please." At her slight nod, he did what came natural and lowered his head. She gasped into his mouth, and he pressed his lips to hers. The electric shock between them only pushed him to kiss her deeper...."I think I can try if you're going to keep kissing me like that," she finally said, and he grinned.
Dean Koontz, Saint Odd|God indeed could show up, but we must first show good stewardship by taking good care of our land.
Klaus Joehle, A Weekend with 'a' Drunken Leprechaun: "Finding Your Joy"|Well I want something to do, to create, to achieve, to whatever.... Something I can’t get enough of. You know something that I can't wait to get up in the morning to do something I can't get enough of, something that brings me joy and makes my heart sing. It could be anything, could be more than one thing but something that grabs me. Even a job, if it grabs me so that I could hardly wait to get there. Something that makes me feel good, allows me to be me, gives me freedom to grow and expand, something that grasps my heart, my joy, my excitement and leads me down the path to more joyful things, exciting challenges and challenging things. Barely stopping to take a breath I continued. Need a new journey a new destination, I want to grow to be or become, tread a new path, see what I haven't seen be what I haven't been ask what I haven't asked dare to what I haven't dared to . . . I don't even think it is so much a physical thing or mental it's just sort of un-learning some of what I learned It’s being happy, while I am happy but I want something to do that creates even more. (..)Doing it for the joy of doing it not for any other reason; also I want it from and un-edited creativity free flowing something… I have some things that seem very interesting and somehow just don’t feel right almost like I’m taking the wrong path and yet there are other things that I could be doing like writing but it seems that it does not feel good to sit and write but yet some part of me seems to love it and something in me hates it sort of like it could be the thing for me to do and yet it might not be.
Michael Bassey Johnson|People will say,"there's heaven and hell", and they take it so serious that they look so sorrowful with penitence. I would rather ask them to show me the route that leads to heaven or hell.
Camilla Läckberg, The Ice Princess|Whoever named Himmel Street certainly had a healthy sense of irony. Not that is was a living hell. It wasn't. But is sure as hell wasn't heaven, either.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Tomorrows|Then this is how you do it,’ and kissed her slowly, letting time fade away. And he couldn’t remember any other kiss that felt quite the same.
T. J. Miller|At a European auto show, I had someone from a German car company come up to me and say the Karma should cost $125,000, not $87,900, but our development process lets us lower the costs. I guarantee it's profitable.
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|I remember when I was in school I had this teacher give me this E.L. Doctorow quote: They asked him how much historical research he does for his books and he said, 'As little as possible.' So I try and adhere to that.
Mary Roach|I had a really dark time after the Olympic Games... But then I said to myself, 'This is a sport that's blessed me with a home, with an education, with some money. I can't hate this sport. This sport took me out of Louisiana. This sport gave me a chance when so many people don't get a chance. And I love this sport.'
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|This is part of what a family is about, not just love. It's knowing that your family will be there watching out for you. Nothing else will give you that. Not money. Not fame. Not work.
Tiffany King, Miss Me Not|I hope I know my own unworthiness, and that I hate and despise myself and all my fellow-creatures as every practicable Christian should.
Randi Kreger, Stop Walking on Eggshells: Taking Your Life Back When Someone You Care about Has Borderline Personality Disorder|She turned around and said, "Is there anything I can do?"It was the only thing she could have said that he couldn't answer with anger, which frustrated Janner even more. If she had asked what was wrong, he would have hurled a perfectly sassy reply right back at her. If she had told him to cheer up, he would have grouched something about how cheery he'd be if he had played with puppies all day. If she had tried to be silly to cheer him up, he would have barked that he was sorry he wasn't in the mood for games.But "Is there anything I can do?" poured cool water on his fire. It told him that she cared. It told him that she saw he needed something, even if she didn't know what. It told him that she hurt with him.
Debasish Mridha|To reach your destination, follow the directions of your heart. It knows the way.
A.J. Nuest|A false love, begins with the eye and soon spills from the eye in pain. Where a true love, begins with the eye, and settles in the heart.
Sufjan Stevens|I got given a pair of Christmas socks with penguins on. They know you're obviously not going to wear them. I think they do it just to annoy you, to be honest.
Martin Parr|I've never seen the allure of being famous, because I know what that's like. It's part of work.
Jean-Georges Vongerichten|If you're going to America, bring your own food.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|There isn't any doubt I make strange combinations, but what to do on that problem?
Willa Cather, Youth and the Bright Medusa|Even if 80 percent of the population of a country are Christian believers, they will have almost no cultural influence if the Christians do not live in cultural centers and work in culture-forging fields such as academia, publishing, media, entertainment, and the arts. The assumption that society will improve simply be more Christian believers being present is no longer valid.
Lily Cole|The greatest gift of all time is that you can make creation infectious because people spend less time being negative... If you log all the time with negativity in the while world, I wonder how much better the world would be if people sat down and did something positive. It spirals.
Tracie Molton|We all have a place within us, that would like to rewrite the way our life was written out for us....That's why people want to become authors.
Georgia Barrett|When people come to me upset and in need of advice the first thing I always suggest is to brew a nice cuppa tea. Not because this is easy advice to give, neither for lack of compassion nor understanding, but simply because I've not encountered a circumstance where tea was rendered futile. There's something concealed in the nature of tea that will consort you to a calm contemplation, a sense of purity and harmony, it lets you find your way through life's sordid deeds, and regain a sense of tranquillity, console enmity, and admire the beauty around you. I love my close friends and family so dearly that the first thing I wish upon them in a time of desperation is a nice cup of tea. So to my dearest friends, you're always invited; you, me and a cup of tea?
Meridian Way, Lost|I think of this girl, this bright light coming from such a dark place. I know that the things she believes about God and the Bible and hope and all that are very real to her. They're not nice sayings on Twitter just to fill a box. They're the things she truly believes.I'm not sure I'm ready to rejoice, and I'm not quite ready to pray.The cool thing is that Marvel knows this. She knows this and doesn't seem to mind.
Ashley Hay, The Railwayman's Wife|I have never cared for castles or a crown that grips too tight,Let the night sky be my starry roof and the moon my only light,My heart was born a Hero,My storm-bound sword won't rest,I left this harbour long ago on a never-ending quest.I am off to the horizon,Where the wild wind blows the foam,Come get lost with me, love,And the sea shall be our home.
Jack Nicholson|They say a lot of women would like to see me naked, but there's not a lens long enough for that.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Maybe we were all destined to just keep doing the same stupid things, over and over again, never really learning a single thing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Only if the humans could make a little effort from the bottom of their heart to discard their affinity with religious dogmas, and embrace their inner divinity, the world would become a true peaceful paradise with zero conflicts on the basis of religious orientation.
Rachael Bermingham|Self-pity imprisons us in the walls of our own self-absorption. The whole world shrinks down to the size of our problem, and the more we dwell on it, the smaller we are and the larger the problem seems to grow. Awareness of others is a healthy antidote to this self-focus.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|10. Comparison is the root of all feelings of inferiority. The moment you begin examining other people’s strengths against your most obvious weaknesses, your self-esteem starts to crumble!
Warren Buffett|To be successful, look for the job you will take if you don't need a job
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|Once upon a time, there was a civilization in the eastern side of the world. It was one of the most advanced civilizations on the planet that existed during that time.This civilization was the glorious Indus valley civilization. No, I am not talking about India. I am talking about the land of greatness that got lost in time. Today, in the same geographical location of that great civilization, we have a piece of earth, which is known as “India”. But do not mistake it to be the same glorious land that existed thousands of years ago, along with other magnificent civilizations, such as the Greeks, the Mayans, the Egyptians, the Babylonians etc.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Littlemouse was in danger, doubtless a prisoner, and the humans could not be trusted to handle her rescue with appropriate violence. They might be willing to leave someone alive, and Rowl was not prepared to tolerate incompetence where his personal human was concerned. He had just gotten her properly trained.
John Muir|Just as Darwin discovered the law of development of organic nature, so Marx discovered the law of development of human history: the simple fact, hitherto concealed by an overgrowth of ideology, that mankind must first of all eat, drink, have shelter and clothing, before it can pursue politics, science, art, religion, etc.
Michael Tianias|It's all a matter of perception. What one person deems to be important may be just as equally unimportant to another.What one deems to be right may seem very wrong to someone else.Your moral compass and values may not always be totally in sync with others you meet. In the end it's all just your perception of how you choose to live your life and this may not always win you friends. In fact it may gain you some enemies.Live your life how you choose to and if people don't like the way you do things then disagree if you must, but be nice & be respectful and then if you must, move on and leave it all behind you. It's your life after all and only you can live it. Choose your path and set your compass then start walking.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|You may have heard that America doesn't have enough scientists and is in danger of "falling behind" (whatever that means) because of it. Tell this to an academic scientist and watch her laugh. For the last thirty years, the amount of the U.S. annual budget that goes to non-defense related research has been frozen. From a purely budgetary perspective, we don't have too few scientists, we've got far too many, and we keep graduating more each year. America may say that it values science, but it sure as hell doesn't want to pay for it. Within environmental science in particular, we see the crippling effects that come from having been resource-hobbled for decades: degrading farmland, species extinction, progressive deforestation... The list goes on and on.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|life is short,before one can catch up with this ,time would ring the bell-hey-day is off
E'yen A. Gardner|When I see God I see Beauty, I see Love, I see Joy, I see Peace and I see You. God loves us let us love one another.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|Hope?” he says. “There is always hope, John. New developments have yet to present themselves. Not all the information is in. No. Don’t give up hope just yet. It’s the last thing to go. When you have lost hope, you have lost everything. And when you think all is lost, when all is dire and bleak, there is always hope.
Charles Dickens|So, how does he kiss?"I'm blushing. I tap my fingers on my lips before I say, "He kisses like ... like it could be his job.
Francis Bacon|Women are so much in love with compliments that rather than want them, they will compliment one another, yet mean no more by it than the men do.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|It's awful to be rich and mind-boggingly handsome and have women fawn over you. My heart bleeds for you. Poor dear, how do you manage?
Stephen Richards|Philosophers think, creators make!
Plato, The Republic|So when a man surrenders to the sound of music and lets its sweet, soft, mournful strains, which we have just described, be funnelled into his soul through his ears, and gives up all his time to the glamorous moanings of song, the effect at first on his energy and initiative of mind, if he has any, is to soften it as iron is softened in a furnace, and made workable instead of hard and unworkable: but if he persists and does not break the enchantment, the next stage is that it melts and runs, till the spirit has quite run out of him and his mental sinews (if I may so put it) are cut, and he has become what Homer calls "a feeble fighter".
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|And so, wish becomes pang; the crave, an ache; pleasure, pain. Losing all its pleasure, anticipation cuts the opposite direction and becomes merely a constant, painful reminder of what they’ve lost, forever.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|If these shadows remain unaltered by the Future, none other of my race,'' returned the Ghost, "will find him here. What then? If he be like to die, he had better do it, and decrease the surplus population.''Scrooge hung his head to hear his own words quoted by the Spirit, and was overcome with penitence and grief."Man,'' said the Ghost, "if man you be in heart, not adamant, forbear that wicked cant until you have discovered What the surplus is, and Where it is. Will you decide what men shall live, what men shall die? It may be, that in the sight of Heaven, you are more worthless and less fit to live than millions like this poor man's child. Oh God! to hear the Insect on the leaf pronouncing on the too much life among his hungry brothers in the dust!
L.A. Kuehlke, Pursuit|I think it would have to be the way that my sister looks at you when you can’t see it.”	“Yeah? And how’s that?” he asked, very interested in the answer.	“Oh, you know,” she said coolly, “like you’re the air she needs to breathe.
Nikola Tesla|Family is a unique gift that needs to be appreciated and treasured, even when they're driving you crazy. As much as they make you mad, interrupt you, annoy you, curse at you, try to control you, these are the people who know you the best and who love you.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|As a lesbian I have no face, my own people disclaim me; but I am all races because there is the queer of me in all races.
Thomas Asbridge|By now the crusaders had christened the most powerful French catapult 'Mal Voisine', or 'Bad Neighbour', while nicknaming the Muslim stone-thrower that targeted it for conter-bombardment 'Mal Cousine', or 'Bad Relation'.
Lisa Kleypas, A Wallflower Christmas|I've missed you, Sebastian.""Have you, love?" He unfastened the buttons of her robe, the light eyes glittering with heat as her skin was revealed. "What part did you miss the most?""Your mind," she said, and smiled at his expression."I was hoping for a far more depraved answer than that.""Your mind is depraved," she told him solemnly.He gave a husky laugh. "True.
Larry Elder|I wear clothes that most people in the Midwest would probably deem inappropriate at my age. And I rock a bikini all summer long. I know that it's not normal, but I just don't care. I live once.
Joss Whedon|My mom is a teacher, my dad was a writer for television, his dad was a writer for television, and combining those two has been sort of the goal of my life.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|As you become your own advocate and your own steward, your life will beautifully transform.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Yet, when these facts are seen side by side with other facts in the case, it is difficult not to become lost in superstitious awe. Their very absurdity seems to prohibit the use of the words 'chance' and 'coincidence.' For the sceptic there remains only one consolation: if there should be such a thing as superhuman Law, it is administered with sub-human inefficiency.
Manuela George-Izunwa|Being strong is not just about your physical strength, no, it is about your capacity to handle difficult problem with ease.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you.
Laurie Matthew, Groomed: An Uncle Who Went Too Far, a Mother Who Didn't Care, a Little Girl Who Waited for Justice|Probably no country was ever ruled by so mean a class of tyrants as, with a few noble exceptions, are the editors of the periodical press in this country. And as they live and rule only by their servility, and appealing to the worst, and not the better nature of man, the people who read them are in the condition of the dog that returns to his vomit.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|The Universe is very, very big.It also loves a paradox. For example, it has some extremely strict rules.Rule number one: Nothing lasts forever.Not you or your family or your house or your planet or the sun. It is an absolute rule. Therefore when someone says that their love will never die, it means that their love is not real, for everything that is real dies. Rule number two: Everything lasts forever.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Oh, the fools, like a lot of good little schoolboys, scared to death of anything they've been taught is wrong!
Elizabeth  Hunter|As time passed from solstice to mild solstice in those occluded zones of my early childhood, I played beneath the distracted majesty of my mother's blue-eyed gaze. With her eyes on me I felt as if I were being studied by flowers.
Philip K. Dick, The Skull|We all have our safe places, where none are invited. They are lonely rooms full of the musk of memory. Sanctuary rather than adventure.
Virginia Petrucci|I like my thingshurried and haunted. Night teadarktime. Sacred geometry, secret geometrypetal-flame whisper: I am here, and you aren't.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|Finally, I formulate and say a little prayer to God, and since we haven’t officially spoken since my mom and Elliott died that takes up quite a bit of my time. The rest of it I spend on trying to determine what I think love really is and what I actually feel for Tally Landon at this point. Upon deep reflection, I realize that I must be at the edge of life’s abyss. This is me. All there is left of me; and yet, I’m looking over and contemplating its meaning on whether to jump or stay. I’m not sure this feeling for Tally Landon is made up of love any more than it is of hate. This must be a kind of purgatory—the in-between place—because these pervasive feelings of rage and passion for Tally are equalized and actually co-mingle together—like fire and water—each ready to extinguish the other. I’ve come to accept the truth. There may be nothing left for us. It could go either way.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|So to all who are situated as I am, I would say--Grow up as fast as you can.
Os Guinness|Poland is quite a mediocre country in some regards. The only natural resource that we have, and with which we can compete, is freedom.
Anne Elisabeth Stengl, Moonblood|I hate you for all the years I 'll have to live without you. How can a heart hurt this much and still go on beating? How can I feel this bad without dying from it?I 've bruised my knees with praying to have you back. None of my prayers have been answered. I tried to send them up to heaven but they 're trapped here on earth, like bobwhites beneath the snow. I try to sleep and it's like I 'm suffocating.Where have you gone?Once you said that if I wasn't with you, it wouldn't be heaven.I can't let go of you. Come back and haunt me. Come back.
Viv Albertine, Clothes, Clothes, Clothes. Music, Music, Music. Boys, Boys, Boys|I love that word. Forever. I love that forever doesn't exist, but we have a word for it anyway, and use it all the time. It's beautiful and doomed.
Dada Bhagwan|Once the entrancement (Infatuation; Deluded state), in material objects, is gone; the loss in spirituality stops!
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|No sight so sad as that of a naughty child," he began, "especially a naughty little girl. Do you know where the wicked go after death?""They go to hell," was my ready and orthodox answer."And what is hell? Can you tell me that?""A pit full of fire.""And should you like to fall into that pit, and to be burning there for ever?""No, sir.""What must you do to avoid it?"I deliberated a moment: my answer, when it did come was objectionable: "I must keep in good health and not die.
Elvis Presley|More than anything else, I want the folks back at home to think right of me.
C. JoyBell C.|Walking under Dusk, Moonlit leaf shadows were cast on my skin from the trees above, every step I took was taking a step deeper into magic. Silent whispers of mystical mouthes pulling me in deeper. Then the lights from inside the house turned on. A few seconds later, the fence lights went on. Just like that, the leafy ghosts on my skin ran away and the faery voices ran home. It seems like the creations of man kill magic in so many ways— even the light bulb does this! Oh to be a race of people designing magical things, if someone could capture pieces of Moonlight and place it in a jar; or other things like that, then we could stop killing the magic and be filled with it instead. Or maybe we are already always filled with it. It's the bringing out that we have trouble with. Stop being a doorknob, darling! Be magical, instead!
Edward Humes, No Matter How Loud I Shout: A Year in the Life of Juvenile Court|we are waiting and waiting and doing nothing, until it is too late, and they commit crimes so serious that all society wants to do is punish instead of rehabilitate.
Bethany L. Brand|FLATOW: So you would - how would you treat a patient like Sybil if she showed up in your officeBRAND: Well, first I would start with a very thorough assessment, using the current standardized measures that we have available to us that assess for the range of dissociative disorders but the whole range of other psychological disorders, too. I would need to know what I'm working with, and I'd be very careful and make my decisions slowly, based on data about what she has. And furthermore, with therapists who are well-trained in dissociative disorders, we do keep an eye open for suggestibility. But that research, too, is not anywhere near as strong as what the other two people in the interview are suggesting.It shows - for example, there's eight studies that have a total of 11 samples. In the three clinical samples that have looked at the correlation between dissociation and suggestibility, all three clinical samples found non-significant correlations. So it's just not as strong as what people think. That's a myth that's not backed up by science." Exploring Multiple Personalities In 'Sybil Exposed' October 21, 2011 by Ira Flatow
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Three or four times only in my youth did I glimpse the Joyous Isles, before they were lost to fogs, depressions, cold fronts, ill winds, and contrary tides... I mistook them for adulthood. Assuming they were a fixed feature in my life's voyage, I neglected to record their latitude, their longitude, their approach. Young ruddy fool. What wouldn't I give now for a never-changing map of the ever-constant ineffable? To possess, as it were, an atlas of clouds.
Sarra Manning, It Felt Like a Kiss|Sometimes we go along, thinking"Ah, this is it - this is what true peace feels like…" Then, in a moment of grace, something shifts in our hearts, and in awestruck wonder, we whisper, "oh my, I just didn't know there could more...
Rod McKuen|It lies here deep in the heart, the small chest of painSharp words like daggers placed it hereTo fill with hurtIn filling it grew heavy and drug me downFor to not feel is not to liveUntil I rest at last in dirtThe worst of you got the best of me…
Alin Sav|I am not grown up, because I grow everyday.
Katia M. S.|I'm convinced that whatever contains human emotions is composed of the most fragile material, for it can shatter unpredictably and without effort. And yet it is a resilient marvel as well, able to mend instantly as though never affected.
Marilyn Fowler, Silent Echoes|Anyone can write but not everyone can crystallize that perfect moment which can make a heart skip a beat and dig deep into one's soul." - Elizabeth Esguerra Castillo' s Quotes
Clayton Christensen|I had been obsessed with insects and creepy-crawlies: I used to get up at five o'clock in the morning and go out into this field behind our garden and collect insects before everyone else got up, and suddenly, all I wanted to know about was music. It just seemed a very, very strange thing.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|The notion that life could be any different - that it could be better - becomes inconceivable. You forget how good it was to be normal. Worst of all, you come to believe that you prefer it this way.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|If you had a table spread for a feast, and was making merry with your friends, you would think it was kind to let me come and sit down and rejoice with you, because you’d think I should like to share those good things; but I should like better to share in your trouble and your labour.
Marvin Gaye|People always seem to assume that we have a full, back-up support team - make-up, costume and a driver - but usually, in a war zone, there's only me and the cameraman.
Eileen Anglin|The question to always be in your inner dialogue, asking yourself...is it kind?
Michelle Ivezic|You might be surrounded in a room of utter darkness, but if you light only one match, all the darkness is defeated.
Patrick Henry|I believe that Americans should be deeply skeptical of government power. You cannot trust people in power. The founders knew that. That's why they divided power among three branches, to set interest against interest.
Elizabeth McCracken|The idea of a library full of books, the books full of knowledge, fills me with fear and love and courage and endless wonder.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|We always fall in love with a story, not a name or a body but what is inscribed in the man.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The central attitudes driving the Demand Man are:It’s your job to do things for me, including taking care of my responsibilities if I drop the ball on them. If I’m unhappy aboutany aspect of my life, whether it has to do with our relationship or not, it’s your fault.You should not place demands on me at all. You should be grateful for whatever I choose to give.I am above criticism.I am a very loving and giving partner. You’re lucky to have me.
Thomas Carlyle|We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business?
Joyce Meyer|Conservatism has had from its inception vigorously positive, intellectually rigorous agenda and thinking. That agenda should have in my three pillars: strengthen the economy, strengthen our security, and strengthen our families.
Álvaro Mutis, The Adventures and Misadventures of Maqroll|Weather is a purely personal matter. There is no such thing as a climate that is cold or hot, good or bad, healthy or unhealthy. People take it upon themselves to create a fantasy in their imagination and call it weather. There's only one climate in the world, but the message that nature sends is interpreted according to strictly personal, non-transferable rules.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|They'd seen her laugh before he did, had seen her live before he had. The thought of it provoked envy inside of Wharick, and that emotion at times, could be just as powerful as jealousy."-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Connie Brockway, So Enchanting|Skip the urge to respond to a road rage invitation. I find that my days are far more smooth and pleasant when I don’t give someone the leverage to annoy or stress me. Just smile, giggle to yourself, or wave “hi” with a wag of your pinky finger, if you must. But then the incident is over, and no stress or annoyance remains, at least not in my car. The self-centered driver has the negative attitude. Don’t let someone else’s poor behavior choices become contagious.
Brenda Peterson|If we can write or sing or create in some way, even when we are dealing with difficulties or pain, then it becomes something bigger than ourselves — and often beautiful.
Mark Waid, Daredevil, Volume 7|Right now, I've got the weight of several worlds on my shoulders. My best friend is living in a cancer ward, and there's nothing I can do for him. The Serpents have hired the Jester to spark race riots with faked news stories, and I don't know how to smoke him out. My enemies are hiding all around, watching everything I do, and I can't find them. For the first time in months I find myself in the familiar, paralyzing grip of overwhelming depression.
Isaac Asimov, The Relativity of Wrong|[About describing atomic models in the language of classical physics:]We must be clear that when it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry. The poet, too, is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images and establishing mental connections.
Stevie Nicks|I would love to spend all my time writing to you; I'd love to share with you all that goes through my mind, all that weighs on my heart, all that gives air to my soul; phantoms of art, dreams that would be so beautiful if they could come true.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|I've been fighting with Acorn, alongside Acorn, on issues you care about, my entire career.
Ryan Adams, Infinity Blues|I no longer know the author of this book, for simply stopping long enough and writing it down was where I changed from a boy with his eyes squeezed shut to a man with his eyes wide open so that the sunlight might reach my heart despite all that darkness.
Stephen Dunkley, Endangered Creatures|Maybee there is no guile here," Deor suggested. "Perhaps it is just a group of dragons who have come together to raid the hold.""The diffirence? if they pretend to cooperate ... they must cooperate to pretend. It would be worse than a guile.
Candice Bergen|Impatience is the mark of independence, not of bondage.
Marty Rubin|No one knew what she was doing in Colonia Hidalgo, although it was most likely, according to the police, that she'd been taking a walk and had come upon death purely by chance.
Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You|Hmmm... that's interesting.""What?""There seems to be a gentleman walking towards us with a shotgun.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Statements of fact are after all statements, which presumes a number of questionable judgements: that those statements are worth making, perhaps more worth making than certain others, that I am the sort of person entitled to make them and perhaps able to guarantee their truth, that you are the kind of person worth making them to, that something useful is accomplished by making them, and so on.
Richelle E. Goodrich|What is the spirit of Christmas, you ask?  Let me give you the answer in a true story...On a cold day in December, feeling especially warm in my heart for no other reason than it was the holiday season, I walked through the store sporting a big grin on my face.  Though most people were far too busy going about their business to notice me, one elderly gentleman in a wheelchair brought his eyes up to meet mine as we neared each other traveling opposite directions.  He slowed in passing just long enough to speak to me."Now that's a Christmas smile if I ever saw one," he said.My lips stretched to their limit in response, and I thanked him for the compliment.  Then we went our separate ways. But, as I thought about the man and how sweetly he'd touched me, I realized something simply wonderful!  In that brief, passing interaction we'd exchanged heartfelt gifts!And that, my friend, is the spirit of Christ~mas. 
Stephan von Clinkerhoffen, Stig's Flight of Encounters|Just as he was looking at all the stars and wondering how many millions there were, they started to blink on and off repeatedly. He knew it was the Bach flying overhead. He closed his eyes, squeezing them shut, and slipped off into a restless sleep.
Jeremy Bentham, The Works Of Jeremy Bentham: Published Under The Superintendence Of His Executor, John Bowring. Volume 1|Without publicity, no good is permanent; under the auspices of publicity, no evil can continue.
Raymond Chandler|One day, everything will be like before again. And it is not like it.
S. Bear Bergman, Blood, Marriage, Wine, & Glitter|Glitter family is my long-time favourite term for this: the people who those of us pushed to society’s margins (and beyond) make our cohort. Glitter is known to be shiny and unruly, easy to get and hard to be rid of. I love the drag connotations and the femme visibility of it, as well as its unmistakably queer sensibility—look only as far as glitter-bombing for proof that nothing is as thoroughly and satisfyingly queer as glitter.
Vince Lombardi|Ambition is the path to success, persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Nick Vujicic, Life Without Limits|Instead of dwelling on that pain within, reach out to someone else's pain.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Don't you dare take the lazy way. It's too easy to excuse yourself because of your ancestry. Don't let me catch you doing it! Now -- look close at me so you will remember. Whatever you do, it will be you who do.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Patience is like ice cold water runing truth your veins, but our love will be immense
Clayton Lessor MA, LPC|There’s a wound most troubled boys share, which, at its core, comes from the feeling that they don’t have their father’s unconditional love.
John Podhoretz|I see The Rock running in 2020 and being a two-term president. I think he would be great, and I'm joking when I say I think Stephanie McMahon wouldn't be a fine president of the United States. I think she's got the leadership qualities. I see those two as potential candidates, and I see Kane as a congressional leader.
Alex Lifeson|Apart from the fact that your physical ability starts to decline, I also think someone in their fifties being childlike becomes a little sad. You've got to be careful.
Plato|Don't hold to anger, hurt or pain. They steal your energy and keep you from love.
Leah Stewart, The Myth of You and Me|I thought about that old saying, how we can never go home again. But I think it's more like a piece of us stays behind when we leave -- a piece we can never reclaim, one that awaits our next visit and demands that we remember.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't go in for the "yellowish" if what you need is "yellow". The attitude called precision is the quality that remarks the accuracy of your demand. Never settle for the less; Go for the exact thing!
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|I am a shadow. I walk the wet roads under the dim light of the pale lamps, in the darkest hour of the cold dull nights.I walk past the silent graveyard of the dead memories, towards the city of chaos plagued with gloom.I do not exist, but in the eyes of the shattered souls. In the chapter of an old book. In the poem. In the smile of a wrecked and in the tear of a broken spirit.Listen me in the songs told in the times long forgotten.Search for me in the churchs and temples, bars and brothels,pitch black nights and the colorless days.Dive down in your deepest part of your soul. And you will find my home.I have many faces but I have no face of my own. I am a shadow.
Wrede, Patricia C.|So think hard, Eff. Think about how you’d feel and what you’d regret in ten or twenty years, both ways — if you go, and if you don’t go. Then make your decision, and I’ll support it.”The Far West (Frontier Magic Book 3)
Henry Ossawa Tanner|One must always draw, draw with the eyes, when one cannot draw with a pencil.
Zarina Bibi|As the boys screamed and hauled off handfuls of mulch, Olivier had slowly, deliberately, gently taken Gabri’s hand and held it before gracefully lifting it to his lips. The boys had watched, momentarily stunned, as Olivier had kissed Gabri’s manure-stained hand with his manure-stained lips. The boys had seemed petrified by this act of love and defiance. But just for a moment. Their hatred triumphed and soon their attack had re-doubled.
Nikita Khrushchev|No cause is left but the most ancient of all, the one, in fact, that from the beginning of our history has determined the very existence of politics, the cause of freedom versus tyranny.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|I know what you might think; that being alone is a sign of loneliness. But the way I see it, sometimes being alone serves as a period of insight as to who you really are. Think about it.
Larry Wall|Every year, my boys and I create new cool gift wrap paper. We hand paint the design and come up with interesting ways to wrap each gift.
J.R. Ward, Blood Vow|Your destination, your special gift, your personal qualities and your potential are interrelated
Sarah Gavron|Many times an actor is stuck for the lack of choices. The same happened with me when I started my career. That was the time when mainly romantic films were being made, and that is what I was offered all the time.
Demetri Martin, This is a Book|It is illegal to yell “fire” in a crowded theater. If there is a fire, please yell something else instead, like “Flames!” or “Smoke maker!” or “Bad hot!
Matshona Dhliwayo|Life is short, death is long, days are narrow, and years are wide.
Lisa Wingate, Firefly Island|How many more cars, clothes, toys and trinkets do we really need before we wake up and realize that half the world goes to bed every night with empty stomachs and naked bodies?
Sydney J. Harris|You have two choices in life: you can dissolve into the mainstream or you can be distinct. To be distinct, you must be different. To be different, you must strive to be what no one else but you can be.
Deirdre-Elizabeth Parker, The Fugitive's Doctor|I know that many, if not most, women would have a problem with my acceptance of what happened with Lara.  The reality is I shall always be grateful to Lara for helping my husband when I could not do so. I couldn’t have chosen a better or kinder surrogate.
Debasish Mridha|Never criticize, complain or condemn. Never forget to appreciate with love what is good in a person.
Madhav Sadashiv Golwalkar|The profilers’ plan to coax me out of the woods resembled a comedy skit. During their search of my Cane Creek trailer, the feds had found dozens of books on the Civil War. And interviews with my friends confirmed that I was a bona fide Civil War buff. The profilers looked at all this Civil War “stimuli” and concluded that my hiding in the mountains was a form of role-playing. Starring in my own Civil War fantasy, I was a lone rebel fighting for the Lost Cause, and the task force was a Yankee army out to capture me. To talk On August 16, the task force pulled out of the woods while Bo and his rebels went in. They had to look the part, so the FBI profilers dressed them in white hats with the word “REBEL” stenciled in red letters across the front; and around their neck each rebel wore a Confederate flag bandanna.me into surrendering, they needed some of my rebel comrades to convince me thatthe war was over and it was time to lay down my arms. Colonel Gritz and his crew were assigned the role of my rebel comrades. They were there to “rescue” me from the Yankee horde.Bo’s band of rebels pitched camp down in Tusquitee, north of the town of Hayesville. Beginning at Bob Allison Campground – the place where I’d abandoned Nordmann’s truck – they worked their way west into the Tusquitee Mountains. They walked the trails, blowing whistles and yelling “Eric, we’re here with Bo Gritz to save you.” They searched for a week.I lost it when I heard on the radio that the profilers had dressed Gritz’s clowns in “REBEL” hats and Confederate flag bandannas. I laughed so hard I think I broke a rib.
Christopher Darden|If anger proceeds from a great cause, it turns to fury; if from a small cause, it is peevishness; and so is always either terrible or ridiculous.
Alamvusha|Forget Gods, Religion, Caste, Sex, Species, Everything like every single thing - Sense it, Feel it and just be Human !
Sabrina Jeffries, How the Scoundrel Seduces|Husband-hunting. Always a rousing sport. I suppose you go there dressed to kill.""No, indeed. What good is a dead husband?" She smiled airily. "I go dressed to maim only.
Gunter Grass|Life is difficult. Not just for me or other ALS patients. Life is difficult for everyone. Finding ways to make life meaningful and purposeful and rewarding, doing the activities that you love and spending time with the people that you love - I think that's the meaning of this human experience.
Chief Oduduwa|I am Cheif Oduduwa. I can cast a spell on your behalf regarding a relationship, your financial situation, future events, or whatever is important to you. I have the power and I use the power. I can change the course of your destiny. Contact me and I shall cast a spell for you. Tell me what it is you want and I shall go about my work. Is it someone or something you desire to have? Do you want wealth, or happiness, or a mate E.T.C.Lost lover specialist 1. We bring back lost lover 2. Do you want to win your loved one 3. We help single people to find partners 4. Do you want to be married? 5. Love attraction 6. Married problems & Divorce 8. Love portion 9. Have a straight friend that you want? The i can help you outAll these done in 1 - 7 Days, Privacy place strictly confidential Result 100% Guaranteed and i have divine powers that enable you to connect to your forefathers or ancestors to give you guidance in life and enable you to change the course of your destiny To inquire about my services, contact me by phone, e-mail. I will be happy to assist you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. For an immediate response please contact me by .Email: cheifoduduwa@gmail.comChief Oduduwa
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|I'd learned more about her in that exhausted, murmuring hour than in all the many months before it. Lovers find their way by such insights and confidences: they're the stars we use to navigate the ocean of desire. And the brightest of those stars are the heartbreaks and sorrows. The most precious gift you can bring to your lover is your suffering. So I took each sadness she confessed to me, and pinned it to the sky.
Debasish Mridha|We are here, not to be someone, but to live joyfully, blissfully and love everyone.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Well, that brings us to the point: There is only one way to protect ourselves from the deadly diseases that stalk the human family. It is abstinence before marriage, then marriage and mutual fidelity for life to an uninfected partner. Anything less is foolhardy and potentially suicidal. Don't let anyone tell you differently. There is no such thing as "safe sex," just as there is no "safe sin." For thousands of years, people have been trying to find ways to disobey the laws of God without suffering the consequences. It can't be done. Scripture tells us that the wages of sin is death, and we'd better believe it!
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|The most important experiences a man can have are those that take him to the very limit; that is the only way we learn, because it requires all our courage.
Kristaps Porzingis|I've always loved the mixture of crushing live drums with a programmed groove, that really cool blend, like in the verse there's a really funky drum beat that is programmed then it comes in to the chorus; you've got that enormous human feel where the band kicks in.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|If the tree doesn't hug you back, it's not a problem with the tree, it's a problem with your heart.
Johncen-k.m.f Vergara|My heart is suffering from reality,so I go to sleep and dream I'm on a fairy tale
Robert J. Braathe|You have no enemies, you say? Alas, my friend, the boast is poor. He who has mingled in the fray of duty that the brave endure, must have made foes. If you have none, small is the work that you have done. You’ve hit no traitor on the hip. You’ve dashed no cup from perjured lip. You’ve never turned the wrong to right. You’ve been a coward in the fight.
Harry Olsen|But seriously Holden, what is the island called now?”“Sentosa,” Holden said romantically and with a flourish of his unoccupied left hand.“Sentosa. Sounds romantic all right. So this is the progress you’re talking about?
Peter Clines, Ex-Heroes|So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly rise and make them miserable.
Bill Kurtis|I want to travel. Maybe I'll end up living in Norway, making cakes.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Through the realization of the potentials and possibilities within and outside of you, one connects imagination with reality. What could be becomes so. You transform what exists, causing not only its evolution, but determining to a large part the course of its evolution. It’s a kind of alchemy in that what you create has not existed before, you give birth to other potentials and possibilities, which continues and expands the program. Perhaps more importantly, the very core of existence is touched and celebrated, that being creation itself.
Isobelle Carmody, Night Gate|Elf made his way fuzzily back to the drawer, trying to think nasty thoughts about his tormentor (Mungo the dog) but he couldn't, as he was too little and his mind was formless and without messages.( "Elf" the tiny kitten Mungo tormented )
Caroline Kennedy|Because of my job, my hair gets played with a lot on set, so I try to give it little bit of breathing space when I'm not working.
Paulo Coelho|It has always seemed to me that if one falls in love with any gentleman one becomes instantly blind to his faults.But I am not blind to your faults, and I do not think that everything you do or say is right! Only—Is it being—not very comfortable—and cross—and not quite happy, when you aren’t there?” “That, my darling,” said his lordship,taking her ruthlessly into his arms,“is exactly what it s!” “Oh—!” Frederica gasped, as she emerged from an embrace which threatened to suffocate her. “Now I know! I am in love!
Katherine Mansfield, Journal of Katherine Mansfield|Take time to understand uncanny and bitter situations or else, you shall only end up creating yet another similar situation, situation after situation, time and again!
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|I hate witches. Humans had the right idea, burning them at the stake.
M. Spio, A Song for Carmine|I suppose men, even myself, are perpetually boys. The sons of parents who provide the staples of what makes up a life— a home, an example of what it means to be human, however fucked up that may be. We are molded by impressions and an example, single days that stick out, and wounds that split us open and never close. We take on other people’s pain and sometimes make them ours.
Debasish Mridha|We like to forget and underestimate the power of love and kindness, more often than not, it can change a life and a society.
Julia Mills, Her Love, Her Dragon: The Saga Begins|Even sporting a frown, his upper lip was full with a pronounced 'Cupid's bow' that inspired the image of her nibbling his tender flesh to manifest in her mind. At the thought, her cheeks heated with a blush she knew he saw by the smirk that lifted the corner of his mouth."What are ya thinkin' about?" He winked, adding insult to injury where her pride was concerned.Taking a step back and turning on her heel, Abigail growled, "I was thinking you have the manners of a stable boy but are dressed like knight.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Six monthsIt been six months since you passed How long must these feelings of loss last ?It's been six months since you died,on the surface it appears I never really cried.  I hide away my tears, my sorrow, my fears.They say time heals all woundsWounds may heal, but scars remain.No one really sees the pain that hides behind my eyes. A heart of gold stopped beatingtwo twinkling eyes closed to restGod broke our hearts that day to prove he only took the best Never a day goes by that you’re not in our hearts, our minds and in our souls. We miss you dad.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|The religious and scholarly alike arrive at conclusions as to Jesus’ nature based on the world-view they hold, the belief structure that shapes their interpretation. Inaccurate views of the function of reality can only lead to erroneous conclusions.
Karon Waddell|Knowledge is more than power, it is freedom.
Victor Hugo|I guess it's going to have to hurt, I guess I'm going to have to cry, And let go of some things I've loved to get to the other sideI guess it's going to break me down, Like fallin when you try to fly, Sad but sometimes moving on with the rest of your life starts with goodbye
Stephen Greenblatt, The Swerve: How the World Became Modern|A comparably capacious embrace of beauty and pleasure - an embrace that somehow extends to death as well as life, to dissolution as well as creation - characterizes Montaigne's restless reflections on matter in motion, Cervantes's chronicle of his mad knight, Michelangelo's depiction of flayed skin, Leonardo's sketches of whirlpools, Caravaggio's loving attention to the dirty soles of Christ's feet.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|Age is only a number. Maturity to a large extent is dependent on your exposure to life, its experiences and your lessons from them.
Dikembe Mutombo|Let me say that I consider myself a deep believer in the reality of God. I might define God quite differently from the way some people in the Christian faith would do so, but I do not doubt the reality of that experience.
Karen Joy Fowler, Sarah Canary|A man says something. Sometimes it turns out to be the truth, but this has nothing to do with the man who says it.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway to Healing After Loss: Soulfully Inspiring You Whilst Mourning Loss and Working Through Grief|Let us acknowledge the magnitude of Motherhood, by simply honoring all mothers— past & present.
Ana Monnar|Let us see what tomorrow will bring us? Will it be joy and triumph, chaos and glory, love and growth, or victory and success?
Nuno Roque|I'm a Baroque person. More than Baroque, I'm a Rococo person. I don't draw straight lines.
Andrena Sawyer|We are never short on opportunities to answer the call to assist the widows, support the homeless, stand up for justice and to preach Christ crucified and resurrected. That is the true calling of every believer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Refuse to seek for the road to paradise, because every beautiful place is already a paradise!
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|Human communication, it sometimes seems to me, involves an exaggerated amount of time. How briefly and to the point people always seem to speak on the stage or on the screen, while in real life we stumble from phrase to phrase with endless repetition.
Lewis Black|If you're working out in front of a mirror and watching your muscles grow, your ego has reached a point where it is now eating itself. That's why I believe there should be a psychiatrist at every health club, so that when they see you doing this, they will take you away for a little chat.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Joe|How did I get to be a grown-up? At times, I find myself still sitting on the hillside, plotting revenge against the adult world.
Helen Freeman|The beauty in the genome is of course that it's so small. The human genome is only on the order of a gigabyte of data...which is a tiny little database. If you take the entire living biosphere, that's the assemblage of 20 million species or so that constitute all the living creatures on the planet, and you have a genome for every species the total is still about one petabyte, that's a million gigabytes - that's still very small compared with Google or the Wikipedia and it's a database that you can easily put in a small room, easily transmit from one place to another. And somehow mother nature manages to create this incredible biosphere, to create this incredibly rich environment of animals and plants with this amazingly small amount of data.
Sharon Salzberg|What is the good of drawing conclusions from experience? I don't deny we sometimes draw the right conclusions, but don't we just as often draw the wrong ones?
Joyce Meyer|In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
D.C. Grace, The Sacred Oath: Book One of The Guardians Series|You expect me to believe you're a witch? A broom riding, cauldron stirring, poison apple witch? Witches are Fae, Angelina," Dasan mocked."No, you creeper, witches are not Fae. Maybe some are, but there are mortals who practice witchcraft, and I'm one of them!" Angelina almost spit the words at him. "And we don't ride brooms, get real! How Hans Christian Anderson are you, anyway? As for poison apples, you'll be lucky to not get served one in your lifetime! I mean, you and your buddy here turn into giant... what are you... dogs... but you can't believe in a little earth magic? Grow up!""See, this is the kind of conversation that would crop up on like a third or fourth date," I chimed in, unable to help myself.-told by Finley in The Sacred Oath
William Osler|when the press and problems of humanity become too much, I love to escape into books, where people are served up in digestible portions and can be pushed to one side when one is satiated.
Jo Ann V. Glim, Begotten with Love: Every Family Has Its Story|Behind every successful man there is a woman, behind every successful woman there are wonderful parents
Malcolm X|In suggesting gifts: Money is appropriate, and one size fits all.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|The artist is a servant who is willing to be a birthgiver. In a very real sense the artist (male or female) should be like Mary who, when the angel told her that she was to bear the Messiah, was obedient to the command....I believe that each work of art, whether it is a work of great genius, or something very small, comes to the artist and says, "Here I am. Enflesh me. Give birth to me." And the artist either says, "My soul doth magnify the Lord," and willingly becomes the bearer of teh work, or refuses; but the obedient response is not necessarily a conscious one, and not everyone has the humble, courageous obedience of Mary.As for Mary, she was little more than a child when the angel came to her; she had not lost her child's creative acceptance of the realities moving on the other side of the everyday world. We lose our ability to see angels as we grow older, and that is a tragic loss.
Naomi Novik, His Majesty's Dragon|Temeraire said, 'It is very nice how many books there are, indeed. And on so many subjects!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|God's grace, mighty deeds.
Bonnie Eaker Weil, Financial Infidelity: Seven Steps to Conquering the #1 Relationship Wrecker|Over time, any deception destroys intimacy, and without intimacy couples cannot have true and lasting love.
Janet Miles, Images of Women in Transition|Two TreesA portion of your soul has beenentwined with mineA gentle kind of togetherness, whileseparately we stand.As two trees deeply rooted inseparate plots of ground,While their topmost branchescome together,Forming a miracle of laceagainst the heavens.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|A woman can tolerate delays knowing they are not denials; she is diligent, and composed. She is not easily irritated like love; she endures all things, beans all things and can be stretched to any limit.
Raven|I was eleven, then I was sixteen. Though no honors came my way, those were the lovely years.
Bobby Seale|Knowledge is power. Most of us agree that something has to be done to strengthen Social Security, and I believe it's irresponsible to arbitrarily dismiss any idea, Republican nor Democrat, without giving it a hard look.
Steph Jagger, Unbound: A Story of Snow and Self-Discovery|True resilience is found in our ability to get up, to create space for a message we may not want to hear, to listen like we’ve never listened before, the then to act on that message – even if that means changing the way we’ve been hurtling down our path in life for decades.
Sharon Nir, The Opposite of Comfortable|Every crossroad in life has four options – quit, adapt, proceed, or accept, but quitting is a dead-end.
Natalie   Perry, Dad #1, Dad #2: A Queerspawn View from the Closet|Ultimately, the one thing that makes a family is love.
Emilie Barnes|It's laughter that lubricates our irritations, that releases our tensions, that feeds our joy… it’s the laughter that helps keep things warm and joyful even in the midst of pain.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|The preachers tell us that pride is a great sin, but the preachers are wrong. Pride makes a man, it drives him, it is the shield wall around his reputation... Men die, they said, but reputation does not die.
Thomas E. Mann|We have a country to turn around. This week you will nominate the most experienced executive to seek the presidency in 60 years in Mitt Romney. He has no illusions about what makes America great, and he doesn't confuse the presidency with celebrity, or loftiness with leadership.
Howard Jacobson|The teaching thing, the one where I have to impart my knowledge, is probably what comes the least naturally to me because I'm an absorber of things.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|If I was harsh with you, it was because I cannot bear to see you treat yourself as if you are worth nothing. Whatever part you might act to the contrary, I see you as you really are, my blood brother. Not just better than you pretend to be, but better than most people could hope to be.
Jessica Day George, Thursdays with the Crown|Hard. That was what he looked like. That was what you first noticed about him: a hard, chiselled face, like that that of some ancient Greek statue.
Sarra Manning, It Felt Like a Kiss|Grace does not depend on what we have done, but on what God has done for us.
Brian A.  Jackson, Mushroom Medicine: The Healing Power of Psilocybin & Sacred Entheogen History|One of my goals is to reduce the possible negative moments in life that I can have direct influence over. Bad situations and events will inevitably happen in everyone's life, at some point, but your reaction can affect the situation more than the initial problem if you allow it to. You have power over your actions. A negative moment can ruin your life, or be the foundation of your success. Being nice and smiling allows you the most opportunities to gain positive experiences in life.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Call me crazy for asking this, but, um, are Lissa and I going with you?""No""No?""No.
Diane Ackerman, A Natural History of the Senses|For me, life offers so many complexly appealing moments that two beautiful objects may be equally beautiful for different reasons and at different times. How can one choose?
Patti Callahan Henry, Between The Tides|Grief wraps around people, takes them to a place they would not go otherwise.
Mark Spitz|I think we're much smarter than we were. Everybody knows that abstract art can be art, and most people know that they may not like it, even if they understand there's another purpose to it.
Quinn Loftis, Elfin|Fine, but if you get yourself killed I reserve the right to flush your ashes down the toilet while I sing the theme from Titanic.
Anna C. Brackett|Every therapeutic cure, and still more, any awkward attempt to show the patient the truth, tears him from the cradle of his freedom from responsibility and must therefore reckon with the most vehement resistance.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|She came closer, reaching up to inspect the cut on my brow, her breasts so close to my chest, the heat of her body warmed me right through our clothes. “Jason, we need to get you to a hospital. Your brain could be swelling.”Oh, something was swelling for sure, but it was nowhere near my brain.
Sunday Adelaja|People with victim mentality get accustomed to life with an assistance of someone’s mind, waiting for someone to make decisions for him
Monica Burns, His Mistress|Think of this- that the writer wrote alone, and the reader read alone, and they were alone with each other.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|Mae's first impulse was to die of shame, but she realized after a hot, stomach-clenching moment that this was probably impractical.
Jeroninio Almeida, Karma Kurry for the Mind, Body, Heart & Soul|Sizing up succinctly his lack of formal education compared with his determination to learn from others, the author writes, "I went to college with every person I ever met.
Radclyffe, Oath of Honor|Dearly beloved...The president’s daughter and Cameron Roberts faced each other, hands lightly clasped, eyes locked.I, Blair Allison Powell, take you, Cameron Reed Roberts, to be my friend, my lover, the mother of my children, and my wife. I will be yours in times of plenty and in times of want, in times of sickness and in times of health, in times of joy and in times of sorrow, in times of failure and in times of triumph. I promise to cherish and respect you, to care for and protect you, to comfort and encourage you, and to stay with you, for all eternity.A willowy blonde stepped to Blair’s side, and Blair lifted a gleaming gold band from her palm. She lifted Cam’s left hand and slid the ring securely on her third nger. With this ring, I thee wed.Cameron Roberts’s gaze never wavered from Blair’s face, her voice ringing strong and clear. I, Cameron Reed Roberts, take you, Blair Allison Powell, to be my friend, my lover, the mother of my children, and my wife. I will be yours in times of plenty and in times of want, in times of sickness and in times of health, in times of joy and in times of sorrow, in times of failure and in times of triumph. I promise to cherish and respect you, to care for and protect you, to comfort and encourage you, and to stay with you, for all eternity.Roberts accepted the matching ring from a young dark-haired woman who leaned on a plain wood cane, and slipped it onto Blair’s nger. With this ring, I thee wed.An anticipatory breath shuddered through the crowd. Six uniformed of cers, the Guard of Honor, stepped in sync to form a path from the proceedings area, facing one another in a line, white-gloved hands on shining saber hilts.By the power vested in me by the United States Army, the President of the United States, and the Commonwealth of...The three male and three female of cers drew their swords with a slick of steel, their blades raised and touching to form the Arch of Sabers....I pronounce you wed.The couple kissed, the crowd clapped...
Seamus Heaney|There are so many awful things in this world, but I wanted readers to share with me the small, beautiful, enjoyable things. Things like cute clothes, beautiful art and pretty flowers; items that are overflowing with beauty. If you just become obsessed with your own problems, you miss these things. When you discover them, you become happy.
David    Allen, Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity|The greater the volume of thoughts you have to work with, the better the context you can create for developing options and trusting your choices.
Thomas Newkirk, The Art of Slow Reading: Six Time-Honored Practices for Engagement|We can learn to pay attention, concentrate, devote ourselves to authors. We can slow down so we can hear the voice of texts, feel the movement of sentences, experience the pleasure of words--and own passages that speak to us. (p. 41)
Debasish Mridha|There is a song in your heart, only you can hear it. In silence, that is the song of longing and love.
Germany Kent|With God, you are stronger than your struggles and more fierce than your fears. God provides comfort and strength to those who trust in Him. Be encouraged, keep standing, and know that everything's going to be alright.
Amanda Carpenter, Rose-Coloured Love|Surely,' she said, much quieter, more reasonable, 'surely you've been with other women?'His glance at her was dry. 'What do you think?'She looked away at random. 'I think that it appears we have a double standard, here. Men can have sex, women can't. Who, then, do the men have sex with?
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|And that is why I consider promiscuity immoral. Not because sex is evil, but because sex is too good and too important... What sex should involve is a very serious relationship. Whether that relationship should or should not become a marriage is a question which depends on the circumstances and the context of the two persons' lives. I consider marriage a very important institution, but it is important when and if two people have found the person with whom they wish to spend the rest of their lives -- a question of which no man or woman can be automatically certain. When one is certain that one's choice is final, then marriage is, of course, a desirable state. But this does not mean that any relationship based on less than total certainty is improper. I think the question of an affair or a marriage depends on the knowledge and the position of the two persons involved and should be left up to them. Either is moral, provided only that both parties take the relationship seriously and that it is based on values.
Estelle Maskame, Did I Mention I Need You?|You've got nothing to be worried about," he whispers slowly, his breath hot against my cheek, "because, baby, I'm all yours.
Hugh Jackman|I'm a visual thinker, really bad at algebra. There's others that are a pattern thinker. These are the music and math minds. They think in patterns instead of pictures. Then there's another type that's not a visual thinker at all, and they're the ones that memorize all of the sports statistics, all of the weather statistics.
Dorothy Gravelle, Paradox Love|All at once, she was confronted with the full understanding of it. And if she admitted it to herself, she could only be left with the grotesque truth. She didn’t want to let go of the pain. She didn’t want it to be lessened. She wanted to carry it. And whatever path she took from this point forward would serve to take it away.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|It is a good thing to know what it is to be poor, and a better thing if you can do it in company.
Robert Macfarlane, The Old Ways: A Journey on Foot|Judging by the photograph it seemed like I hadn’t been there at all. As if it was my camera that had been on holiday, and not me.
Lawrence M. Krauss|There are many ways to say I love you in this cold, dark, silent universe, as many as the twinkling stars.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|Prayer mirrors the gospel. In the gospel, the Father takes us as we are and gives us his gift of salvation. In prayer, the Father receives us as we are because of Jesus and gives us his gift of help.
Nora Ephron|Sometimes I think we're alone. Sometimes I think we're not. In either case, the thought is staggering.
Debasish Mridha|You are here to feel the joy of life by empowering, enabling, enlightening humanity so that humanity may find its own joy.
Jerome K. Jerome|Obviously, Jay-Z is one of the greatest entertainers of the world today. Not only is he a remarkable rhetorical genius, he's also a man of deep sympathy and empathy for those who are lost and vulnerable, but especially under-educated youth of all cultures and stripes.
Lara Biyuts, The Sunless Parlour|At liminality, at a transitional point between his last night dream and reality, he realizes he has made a big mistake and happiness is possible without death. (Coming back to himself.)
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|When someone is suffering, there is a deep, visceral reaction in the core of our being, a flood of empathy and a frightfully desperate compulsion to give aid.
Matthew  Johnson, Irregular Verbs and Other Stories|So now I lye by Day and toss or rave by Night, since the ratling and perpetual Hum of the Town deny me rest: just as Madness and Phrensy are the vapours which rise from the lower Faculties, so the Chaos of the Streets reaches up even to the very Closet here and I am whirl'd about by cries of Knives to Grind and Here are your Mouse-Traps. I was last night about to enter the Shaddowe of Rest when a Watch-man, half-drunken, thumps at the Door with his Past Three-a-clock and his Rainy Wet Morning. And when at length I slipp'd into Sleep I had no sooner forgot my present Distemper than I was plunged into a worse: I dreamd my self to be lying in a small place under ground, like unto a Grave, and my Body was all broken while others sung. And there was a Face that did so terrifie me that I had like to have expired in my Dream. Well, I will say no more.
Annabel Crabb|When men and women produce a baby together for the first time, it's an absolute festival of mutual incompetence.
Hugh Grant|I've never tried to reach a certain demographic of an audience or try to say, 'OK, now I'm going to do this type of film to transition myself into more adult roles.' Or a romantic hero. Or whatever it may be - you know what I mean?
Thomas M. Disch, Yes, Let's: New and Selected Poems|If you accept others as equals, you embrace them unconditionally, now and forever. But if you let them know that you tolerate them, you suggest in the same breath that they are actually an inconvenience, like a nagging pain or an unpleasant odour you are willing to disregard.
Ted Cruz|As a legal matter, my mother is an American citizen by birth.
Philip Yancey, What's So Amazing About Grace?|In essence, Satan doesn't want you to believe what God thinks of Himself and what God thinks about you.
Jen Campbell, The Bookshop Book|Perhaps that is the best way to say it: printed books are magical, and real bookshops keep that magic alive.
Kim Chestney|Technology is important to Art because it connects creativity with innovation and the spirit of inventiveness. Whether we are using technology to create our art, or to share our art, it challenges artists to explore new realms of aesthetic experience and cultural relevance. But, on the other hand, Art is important to Technology for the most important reason of all. Art gives Technology its humanity. And our humanity is the driving force behind every new technology we design and every product we manufacture. We are all makers. Without creativity, we don’t make anything. If we don’t make anything, we don’t progress.
Alex Z. Moores, Living in Water|The way the snowflakes float like tiny feathers—there’s an elegance to it. I could watch for hours. It’s hypnotic. It reminds me of the feeling I get when I stand on the beach, watching the waves. I’m mesmerized by the power, the vastness, and the mysteries of nature. There’s definitely something holy or divine about it. I wonder if it’s the same feeling people get when they enter a church.
Christos Tsiolkas, Barracuda|She knew that pleasure, to be pleasure, must come to an end.
Dan Skinner, The Bible Boys|Sometimes, even pretty simple situations can become tough, when the thing you love the most and the thing you have to sacrifice is the same.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|She was sitting up now. My arm was around her and she was leaning back against me, and we were quite calm. She was looking into my eyes with that way she had of looking that made you wonder whether she really saw out of her own eyes. They would look on and on after every one else's eyes in the world would have stopped looking. She looked as though there were nothing on earth she would not look at like that, and really she was afraid of so many things,
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Are you going to answer my questions, or do I have to whack you with a stick until delicious candy surprises fall out?
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|S'mimasen," Alyss said repeatedly as they brushed against passerby. "What does that mean?" Will asked as they reached a stretch of street bare of any other pedestrians. He was impressed by Alyss's grasp of the local language. "It means 'pardon me,'" Alyss replied, but then a shadow of doubt crossed her face. "At least, I hope it does. Maybe I'm saying 'you have the manners of a fat, rancid sow.
Jan Jansen|If We see in Everything something Positive a smile wil sooner be There then a tear,
Poppet, Aisyx|The problem with all of you is you think in isolation instead of realizing we are one community, when one of us falls, we all fall.
William Blake, Songs of Experience|Twas a sheep not a lamb that strayed awayIn the parable Jesus told,A grown-up sheep that strayed awayFrom the ninety and nine in the fold.And why for the sheep should we seekAnd earnestly hope and pray?Because there is danger when sheep go wrong;They lead the lambs astray.Lambs will follow the sheep, you know,Wherever the sheep may stray.When sheep go wrong, it won’t take longTil the lambs are as wrong as they.And so with the sheep we earnestly pleadFor the sake of the lambs today,For when sheep are lost, what a terrible costThe lambs will have to pay!
Sultan Alsasi|Coaching is like a magic mirror, reflecting what you are thinking, feeling and saying about everything in life. By working together, you'll understand your own mirror and break all the boundaries to become limitless
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Most people say use your head; I say use your heart. It will guide you closer to where you want to be. The head should be following the heart, not the other way around.
Phoebe Stone, The Boy on Cinnamon Street|The Congresswoman was depressed by the fact that a woman of her standing could no longer count on making it to the rest room "in time" during the extensive rehabilitation that followed her shooting. Her husband, commander of a space shuttle crew, encouraged her by identifying with her limitation. Even revered astronauts, he revealed, have bodily limits and have to rely on Huggies during extended launch exercises.
Philip Reeve, Goblins|You know…it always seems obvious to outsiders when someone is doing something wrong, but when your mind is in the midst of evil, it is easy to be manipulated by crueller instincts.
Louisa May Alcott|The power of mathematics is often to change one thing into another, to change geometry into language.
Jane Cousins, To Shackle A Shrew|Turning her attention back to her Aunt she sighed softly.  “I’d really like my security deposit back on this place, so if you do end up having to kill him… well…”Nabha laughed softly, patting her niece on the arm. “Don’t worry, I’ll do it outside.”“Good.”  Devon sighed with relief. That was one less thing to worry about.  “As long as we’re on the same page.
Debasish Mridha|Be the leader, not the boss.
Jeff VanderMeer, Annihilation|They are near the bottom of the food chain - a meal for fish and birds - while humans eat from the top of the food chain, consuming an astonishing array of what lies on the planet. But eventually, even we become food for the worms. Shakespeare saw this connection, writing in Hamlet, "A man may fish with a worm that hath eat of a king, and eat of a fish that hath fed of that worm.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|Sometimes, you have to love beyond yourself! And that's how you learn to love! That's why you had to drink the bitter glass of your love.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|The emotional place where a marriage begins is not nearly as important as the emotional place where a marriage finds itself toward the end, after many years of partnership.
Rachel Cusk, Arlington Park|She was surprised to discover that Paola was thirty-four. 'What have you been doing all this time?' she wanted to ask, but instead she said, 'What brought you to England?''There was a man,' Paola said. 'When the man left, I decided to stay.''An Italian man?'Barely perceptibly, Paola nodded.'He had a job here. He is an -' She paused. '- aeronautical engineer. After a year he had to go home.'Solly was seething with questions. It was strange: in Paola's presence she felt herself to be a failure, yet a part of her believed that a woman of thirty-four with no husband or children was the greatest failure of all. It was a kind of unstoppable need for resolution that grew from her like ivy over the prospect of freedom and tried to strangle it. She couldn't bear the idea of loose threads, of open spaces, of stories without ends. Did Paola not want to get married? Did she not want children, and a house of her own? She sat there in her white sweater, delicately eating. Solly, a sack stuffed with children, a woman who had spent and spent her life until there was none left, sat opposite her, impatient for more.
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man|The story of evolution is more dramatic, more compelling, more intricate than any creation myth. Yet like any creation myth, it is a tale of transformations, of sudden and spectacular changes, eruptions of innovation that transfigured our planet, overwriting past revolutions with new layers of complexity. The tranquil beauty of our planet from space belies the real history of this place, full of strife and ingenuity and change. How ironic that our own petty squabbles reflect our planet's turbulent past, and that we alone, despoilers of the Earth, can rise above it to see the beautiful unity of the whole.
Greg F. Gifune, The Bleeding Season|Are designations congruent with things? Is language the adequate expression of all realities?It is only by means of forgetfulness that man can ever reach the point of fancying himself to possess a "truth" of the grade just indicated. If he will not be satisfied with truth in the form of tautology, that is to say, if he will not be content with empty husks, then he will always exchange truths for illusions.
Marina Abramovic|I used to do my best thinking while staring out airplane windows. The seat-back video system put a stop to that. Now I sit and watch old' Friends' and 'Everybody Loves Raymond' episodes. Walking is good, but here again, technology has interfered. I like to listen to iTunes while I walk home. I guess I don't think anymore.
Nicolas Lemery, Cours de Chymie, Opa(c)Rations Qui Sont En Usage Dans La Ma(c)Decine|At my urgent request the Curie laboratory, in which radium was discovered a short time ago, was shown to me. The Curies themselves were away travelling. It was a cross between a stable and a potato-cellar, and, if I had not seen the worktable with the chemical apparatus, I would have thought it a practical joke.(Wilhelm Ostwald on seeing the Curie's laboratory facilities.)
Nalo Hopkinson|I learned the hard way that people are quick to judge, will jump at the chance of a cheap ego boost at another's expense.
T.A. Barron, The Seven Songs of Merlin|All of us, all living things, have the potential to change.
Frank Herbert, Dune|Give as few orders as possible," his father had told him once long ago. "Once you've given orders on a subject, you must always give orders on that subject.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are no new sins—only new sinners. There are no new crimes—only new criminals, No new evils—only new evildoers. No new pleasures—only new pleasure seekers. We must distinguish between wholesome, God-ordained pleasure and sinful, worldly pleasure.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your mind shines brightest when you enlighten others; your heart, when you encourage others; your soul, when you elevate others; and your life, when you empower others.
Katherine Rundell|Sometimes, I like to pick the brightest star and wish upon it. Pop always said to wish on falling stars, but I've never seen any.”	“Me, neither.” He paused and finally let himself look at her. “What do you wish for?”	Her cheeks turned a soft pink and she smiled. “If I told you,” she whispered, “it wouldn't come true.
Louise Rennison, On the Bright Side, I'm Now the Girlfriend of a Sex God|Poor Oscar. Without even realizing it he'd fallen into one of those Let's Be Friends Vortexes, the bane of nerdboys everywhere. These relationships were love's version of a stay in the stocks, in you go, plenty of misery guaranteed and what you got out of it besides bitterness and heartbreak nobody knows. Perhaps some knowledge of self and women.
David F. Jakielo|If you don't like change, you're going to like irrelevance even less.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Many network theorists note that human beings differ dramatically from the rational profit maximizer of social science theory. Neuroscientists exploring different regions if the brain, sociologists mapping an increasingly networked society, and entrepreneurial enthusiasts of the sharing economy challenge the highly individualist conception of the individual that many economists embrace. Instead of homo economicus, let s consider homo sociologicus, a person driven as much by the desire to belong and connect as by her individual goals.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|We've seen how beautiful it can be to follow Jesus into this new way of being human. But one of the things I love most about Jesus is how much He loves humanity in its brokenness. If He was surrounded by fractured people then, why would we expect it to be any different now? I actually think it is a larger mistake when we Christians attempt to pretend that our lives are more together than they really are in order to "manage our image" before the broader culture. Come look at our perfect church and our perfect family. And if you join us, maybe one day you, too, can have a perfect life! That kind of spin is a breeding ground for disappointment.
Roopleen|If you have a dream, don’t just sit there. Gather courage to believe that you can succeed and leave no stone unturned to make it a reality.
Corrie ten Boom|Child, you have to learn to see things in the right proportions. Learn to see great things great and small things small.
Criss Jami|As for the belief that humanity is mostly good, Secular humanism, when in that alignment, always presumes the existence of a higher power, or some god-like influence on man. Because it then becomes the belief that people are generally good and should be protected from the wiles of religion, as though this dark, vague and ignorant force once fell from the heavens, latched onto the purer hearts and minds of men and women, and, in all its forms, controlled and polluted the whole of human history. He says, 'When we defeat religion, humanity will be free.' But, if he were duly consistent, if he were really at all as secular as he claims, he might as well admit to what is actually an underlying brand of nihilistic cynicism: 'When we defeat humans, humanity will be free.
Amy Chua|To me, the avocation of a teacher has something elevating and exciting. While surrounded by the young, one may always be doing good.
Djayawarman Alamprabu, Feared Intellectualism|An Idea is nothing but Information, It won't do us any harm until we accept it as perception of truth in our mind, which in time will potentially evolve and construct major events in history.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|Her quickness of mind was like a hiss, a dart, a lethal bite.
Zbigniew Kotowicz, R.D. Laing and the Paths of Anti-Psychiatry|The anti-psychiatrists held various, sometimes conflicting views but one particular line of reasoning is attributable to all of them—they all pitched their arguments against the power of the psychiatric establishment. They argued that the psychiatric diagnosis is scientifically meaningless. It is a way of labeling undesirable behaviour, under the guise of medical intervention. Those who are diagnosed ill are subjected to treatment which is a violation of human rights and dignity. The situation amounts to psychiatry having a mandate to declare some citizens unfit to live in an ‘ordinary’ community. It claims to cure but the supposed beneficiaries of that cure are often held in hospitals against their will. Within a structure like this it is impossible to understand the real nature of mental suffering and it is just as impossible to develop a coherent system of help.
Usman W. Chohan|Policymakers cannot take the situation lightly, for at its worst, it speaks to “intergenerational inequity” – a breaking of the social contract between two generations.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|What would you here, unhappy mortal, and for what cause have you left your own land to enter this, which is forbidden to such as you? Can you show reason why my power should not be laid on you in heavy punishment for your insolence and folly?" Then Beren looking up beheld the eyes of Luthien, and his glance went also to the face of Melian; and it seemed to him that words were put into his mouth. Fear left him, and the pride of the eldest house of Men returned to him; and he said: "My fate, O King, led me hither, through perils such as few even of the Elves would dare. And here I have found what I sought not indeed, but finding I would possess for ever. For it is above all gold and silver, and beyond all jewels. Neither rock, nor steel, nor the fires of Morgoth, nor all the powers of the Elf-kingdoms, shall keep from me the treasure that I desire. For Luthien your daughter is the fairest of all the Children of the World." Then silence fell upon the hall...
Bill Bright, Abundant Living: Who You Are in Christ|The father who would taste the essence of his fatherhood must turn back from the plane of his experience, take with him the fruits of his journey and begin again beside his child, marching step by step over the same old road.
Andy Stanley, Enemies of the Heart: Breaking Free from the Four Emotions That Control You|What is freedom? It consists in two things: to know each his own limitations and accept them – that is the same thing as to know oneself, and accept oneself as one is, without fear, or envy, or distaste; and to recognise and accept the conditions under which one lives, also without fear or envy, or distaste. When you do this, you shall be free.
Debra Levinson, Italy Luxury: Family Hotels & Resorts|One of the great joys of traveling through Italy is discovering firsthand that it is, indeed, a dream destination.
Roald Dahl|And above all, watch with glittering eyes the whole world around you because the greatest secrets are always hidden in the most unlikely places. Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
Jesse Haubert, We Found a Horse and Other Stories|There is a very good organization called "Make a Wish Foundation" that helps make a dying child's wishes come true. People go out of their way and work together to create an unbelievable lasting memory for a deserving person. What just dawned on me was:Why do we wait until someone is dying in order to do that?We have the opportunity to do this everyday for many, many, many people over our lifetime. It doesn't have to be a really big wish, small wishes add up fast.Imagine how much better the world would be if we all granted each other small wishes that came true every day. Find someone today and implement the "Make a Wish" concept in your life.Watch what happens.
Nina Easton|The person who takes the oath of office in the next four months will shape not just the next four years, but the next forty years of our nation. In these next four years, we need proven leadership, proven judgment and proven values. America needs four more years of President Barack Obama.
Jacques Pepin|To me, there's no great chef without a great team.
Raymond Arroyo|Cheating is not the American way. It is small, while we are large. It is cheap, while we are richly endowed. It is destructive, while we are creative. It is doomed to fail, while our gifts and responsibilities call us to achieve. It sabotages trust and weakens the bonds of spirit and humanity, without which we perish.
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Yoga is not a religion. It is a science, science of well-being, science of youthfulness, science of integrating body, mind and soul.
Tiffany Snow, Blank Slate|Um, h-h-hi,” Sophie stammered, closing the door behind her. Meeting her gaze were crystal eyes like blue shards of glass.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Lodore|The motto above the lintel of the main entrance was in the raised script of the prayer language: My life for a thousand.She remembered swearing an oath with that at its core: My life for yours, for ours, for Nasheen. My life for a thousand.
Charles Stross, Neptune's Brood|As a product of Anglo-Saxon-Protestant culture, I am familiar with its centuries-old tradition of hiding its abuse of women under pretty packaging.
Philippe Petit|I feel about aging the way William Saroyan said he felt about death: Everybody has to do it, but I always believed an exception would be made in my case.
Mark Twain|The little room was full of ordinary things that had already become precious, that I couldn't help but want to have again, to feel like whoever it was I used to be, whether it was my past or someone else's.
Clive Sinclair|Many great works of art, poetry, and music are inspired by astral memories. The desire to do noble, beautiful things here on Earth is also often a carryover of astral experiences between a person's earth lives.
Billy Gardell|The vast Pacific Ocean has ample space for China and the United States. We welcome a constructive role by the United States in promoting peace, stability and prosperity in the region. We also hope that the United States will fully respect and accommodate the major interests and legitimate concerns of Asia-Pacific countries.
Jude Deveraux|Even at the United Nations, where legend has it that the building was designed so that there could be no corner offices, the expanse of glass in individual offices is said to be a dead giveaway as to rank. Five windows are excellent, one window not so great.
Krishan Kumar, Utopianism|Utopia's value lies not in its relation to present practice but in its relation to a possible future. Its "practical" use is to overstep the immediate reality to depict a condition whose clear desirability draws us on, like a magnet.
Christian Lous Lange|The bottom line is, when people are crystal clear about the most important priorities of the organization and team they work with and prioritized their work around those top priorities, not only are they many times more productive, they discover they have the time they need to have a whole life.
Robert Olen Butler|I've always liked the minds of criminals, they seem similar to artists.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, Celebrating Silence: Excerpts from Five Years of Weekly Knowledge 1995-2000|But all these were things he could not want, because they were things he could not have, and wanting what you could not have led to misery and madness.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Discriminations suit animals, not humans. And yet, the unfortunate reality is, it is the humans that discriminate each other on the grounds of imaginary labels, not the animals. This way, animals are more civilized than humans.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|To some people, employment is a distraction. To all entertainers, distraction is employment.
Edwidge Danticat|A spirit, breathing the language of independence, is natural to Englishmen, few of whom are disposed to brook compulsion, or submit to the dictates of others, when not softened by reason, or tempered with kindness.
Wordions|When your intuition speaks, listen. When your ego speaks, shut it up.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa|I think… that love encompasses the experience of the possible transition from the pure randomness of chance to a state that has universal value. Starting out from something that is simply anencounter, a trifle, you learn that you can experience the world on the basis of difference and not only in terms of identity. And you can even be tested and suffer in the process. In today’s world, it is generally thought that individuals only pursue their own self-interest. Love is an antidote to that. Provided it isn’t conceived only as an exchange of mutual favours, or isn’t calculated way in advance as a profitable investment, love really is a unique trust placed in chance. It takes us into key areas of the experience of what is difference and, essentially, leads to the idea that you can experience the world from the perspective of difference. In this respect it has universal implications: it is an individual experience of potential universality, and is thus central to philosophy, as Plato was the first to intuit.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|I see you as Lily. I see you for who you are, even though you don't.” -Julian
Isabella MacDonald Alden|We hear a great deal about the rudeness of the ris- ing generation. I am an oldster myself and might be expected to take the oldsters' side, but in fact I have been far more impressed by the bad manners of par- ents to children than by those of children to parents. Who has not been the embarrassed guest at family meals where the father or mother treated their grown-up offspring with an incivility which, offered to any other young people, would simply have termi- nated the acquaintance? Dogmatic assertions on mat- ters which the children understand and their elders don't, ruthless interruptions, flat contradictions, ridicule of things the young take seriously some- times of their religion insulting references to their friends, all provide an easy answer to the question "Why are they always out? Why do they like every house better than their home?" Who does not prefer civility to barbarism?
Barbara Lieberman, The Unchained Spirit: Or, the Glass Is Half-Full But I've Forgotten Where I Put It|Soul work is the 'more' that we need to do to heal our souls.Soul retrieval is one more step toward balance and wholeness. The trauma of major illness, death, financial devastation, abuse, terror, and other stressors in our lives will not cease while we live and breathe. But, knowing they can rob us of our soul allows us to address those loses before or as they occur, so that we do not have to struggle to survive without that which makes us who we are.
Chris Baty, No Plot? No Problem!: A Low-Stress, High-Velocity Guide to Writing a Novel in 30 Days|When your novel first peeks its head into the world, it will look pretty much like every newborn: blotchy, hairless, and utterly confused.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Punctuation, is? fun!
Jostein Gaarder|It’s all part of it, man.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Never forget that when we are dealing with any pleasure in its healthy and normal and satisfying form, we are, in a sense, on the Enemy's ground...All the same, it is His invention, not ours...All we can do is to encourage the humans to take the pleasures which our Enemy has produced, at times, or in ways, or in degrees, which He has forbidden...An ever increasing craving for an ever diminishing pleasure is the formula.
Meg Collett, Fear University|There is something to be said for the night. The darkness holds a sense of promise, as if anything could happen. Maybe something good, like a handsome stranger or something with snarling teeth that whispers pretty things as it eats you. Thus, the night is a test. A test of fear and the sweet promise of pain.
Laurence J. Peter|Well, if I called the wrong number, why did you answer the phone?
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|Any process that fails the Common Sense Test, cannot pass a Biblical Test. Those who have more should share with those who have none or less; not the other way round. Prosperity Gospel is antichrist.
Judy Collins|I wasn't originally taking drama, but the drama teacher asked me to audition for Bye, Bye Birdie. I did and got the lead role. Initially I was kind of scared, but once I did it I got bitten by the bug and loved it.
Nell Zink|For future Snowdens, we want to show there is an organization that will do what we did for Snowden - as much as possible - in raising money for legal defense and public advocacy for whistleblowers so they know if they come forward there is a support group for them.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Imagine, if you will:A bright yellow star lit the darkness somewhere in deep space, accompanied by its rather dysfunctional family of nine deceptively ordinary-looking planets. During its enormously long lifetime many beings had named it from the far ends of distant telescopes, including it into numerous star clusters and constellations as they were perceived from their vantage points. Once, or maybe twice, creatures simply looked up into their own skies to name it from their own now long dead and deserted worlds. In more recent times, beings from a world that orbited a different sun far away gave it a name too – creatures that called themselves Human, who travelled here and settled on one of its inner planets. The planet they chose to make a new home on? They called that Deanna. They called the star Ramalama.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|Until they feel what we feel, they will never fully understand the own hell they caused.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Happiness is a state of mind, a choice, a way of living; it is not something to be achieved, it is something to be experienced.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man|There is something about the very idea of a city which is central to the understanding of a planet like Earth, and particularly the understanding of that part of the then-existing group-civilization which called itself the West. That idea, to my mind, met its materialist apotheosis in Berlin at the time of the
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|the harsh truth of every relationship, even between those who love each other, like fathers and sons and daughters, or husbands and wives, is that the love is always unequal.
Rick Moody|My idea of literature, as I have often said, is that it should save lives. My idea of literature is that it once did save lives, and was of consequence in that way. I believe it can do so again. With every book, to the best of my ability, I try to put this belief in action, even if, as in some of the recent books, the best way to save lives is to cause laughter. Bring on your problems, and I will listen, and bear witness, and when the occasion permits, I will respond, according to certain general rules, on this page, in this hope that here too words may be redemptive.
Debasish Mridha|You are not what you think, but you are the reflection of what you think.
Eileen Anglin|Globally, our soul lessons have become more frequent and intense as we are called to evolve.
Natalie Massenet|I started running to different albums, and I was starting with the short albums and moving on to the longer albums. I was interested in how they built up, in tempo and intensity. it made me interested in albums again, too.
John Ridley|I'm learning to be braver with colorful clothes, even if they're a little wild.
Kate Atkinson, When Will There Be Good News?|Mum had a Charles-and-Diana wedding mug that had survived longer than the marriage itself. Mum had worshipped Princess Di and frequently lamented her passing. "Gone," she would say, shaking her head in disbelief. "Just like that. All that exercise for nothing." Diana-worship was the nearest thing Mum had to a religion.
Bradley B. Dalina|Sam," she said."I'm trying!""Sam," she repeated."No," he spat, hearing her tone. "No!"He began screaming for help then. Celaena pressed her face to one of the holes in the grate. Help wasn't going to come-not fast enough."Please," Sam begged as he beat and yanked on the grate, he tried to wedge another dagger under the lid. "Please don't."She knew he wasn't speaking to her.The water hit her neck."Please," Sam moaned, his fingers now touching hers. She'd have one last breath. Her last words."Take my body home to Terrasen, Sam," she whispered. And with a gasping breath, she went under.
Katherine Allred|Josh and I started out so easy, so fun, and now we're like strangers. I'll never have that person back, who I knew better than anyone and who knew me so well.
Cassandra Clare, The Fiery Trial|Her soft lips met mine over and over, scorching my soul as she gradually pulled back. "If I had known werewolves were such great kissers, I would've found one much sooner.
Christian de Portzamparc|We need to rediscover the essence of the meaning of 'the use.' Architecture is, above all, here for a better living. Every gesture, every shape must be justified by various reasons that would reinforce their reason to be, their use, and will give more sense to their beauty.
Svetlana Alexievich, Czasy secondhand. Koniec czerwonego człowieka|Pretty soon, I'll be decomposing into phosphorous, calcium, and so on. Who else will you find to tell you the truth? All that's left are the archives. Pieces of paper. And the truth is... I worked at an archive myself, I can tell you first hand: paper lies even more than people do.
James Howard Kunstler|Two centuries ago, a former European colony decided to catch up with Europe. It succeeded so well that the United States of America became a monster, in which the taints, the sickness and the inhumanity of Europe have grown to appalling dimensions
Godspower Oparaugo, The Power of Decision: Your Destiny Lies in Your Decisions|Risk is one of the qualities of any good decision. This is so because, decision itself is a risk. Therefore, making a decision literally means, taking a risk... In tracing the histories of successful men and women, the first thing to notice in their lives is risk.
Gary Brecher, The War Nerd|1. Most wars are asymmetrical or irregular.2. In these wars, the guerrillas/irregulars/insurgents do not aim for military victory.3. You can not defeat these groups by killing lots of their members. In fact, they want you to do that.4. High-tech weaponry is mostly useless in these wars.5. “Hearts and minds,” meaning propaganda and morale, are more important than military superiority.6. Most people are not rational; they are tribal: “My gang yeah, your gang boo!” It really is that simple. The rest is cosmetics.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|I'll never be ready. Yet at the same time, you always want to reach the end. You can't fly to a destination and linger in the air. I want to reach the end of this thing, and I feel terrible about it.
George Lakoff, The Political Mind: Why You Can't Understand 21st-Century American Politics with an 18th-Century Brain|Why didn't the Democrats accomplish more right after the 2006 elections that gave them control of Congress? It wasn't just that they didn't have votes to override a presidential veto or block a filibuster. They didn't use their mandate to substantially change how the public--and the media-- thought about issues. They just tried to be rational, to devise programs to fit people's interests and the polls. Because there was little understanding of the brain, there was no campaign to change brains. Indeed, the very idea of "changing brains" sounds a little sinister to progressives-- a kind of Frankenstein image comes to mind. It sounds Machiavellian to liberals, like what the Republicans do. But "changing minds" in any deep way always requires changing brains. Once you understand a bit more about how brains work, you will understand that politics is very much about changing brains-- and that it can be highly moral and not the least bit sinister or underhanded.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|It would be an undoubted advantage if we were to leave God out altogether and honestly admit the purely human origin of all the regulations and precepts of civilization. Along with their pretended sanctity, these commandments and laws would lose their rigidity and unchangeableness as well. People could understand that they are made, not so much to rule them as, on the contrary, to serve their interests; and they would adopt a more friendly attitude to them, and instead of aiming at their abolition, would aim only at their improvement.
A.S.A. Harrison, The Silent Wife|There are lots of reasons why a woman stays with a man, even when she's given up on changing him and can predict with certainty the shape that the rest of her life with him is going to take.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Full Cupboard of Life|What the devil is 'wordsharing'? Does the word for 'speak' mean 'listen' just as well? If I said, 'Listen to me!' you might talk, instead.""What use is the one without the other? It took me a long time to see this distinction in Valan speech."Spinel thought over the list of 'share forms': learnsharing, worksharing, lovesharing. "Do you say 'hitsharing,' too? If I hit a rock with a chisel, does the rock hit me?""I would think so. Don't you feel it in your arm?"He frowned and sought a better example; it was so obvious, it was impossible to explain. "I've got it: if Beryl bears a child, does the child bear Beryl? That's ridiculous.""A mother is born when her child comes.""Or if I swim in the sea, does the sea swim in me?""Does it not?"Helplessly he thought, She can't be that crazy. "Please, you do know the difference, don't you?""Of course. What does it matter?
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|One of the greatest statements you can ever make on earth is to say “I am right, but I may be wrong”. Find out where you go wrong and make corrections!
Kevin Bacon|I have a firm belief in such things as, you know, the water, the Earth, the trees and sky. And I'm wondering, it is increasingly difficult to find those elements in nature, because it's nature I believe in rather than some spiritual thing.
Marie Lu, Legend|If you want to rebel, rebel from inside the system.That's much more powerful than rebelling outside the system.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|The maturity of man—that means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play
Angelica Hopes|You can like an immoral character because she’s interesting, not because you want to have her over for dinner.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Christmas is a response to bring mankind back, to restore some original intent that could never be even remotely restored by any effort of mankind regardless of how grand or majestic any such effort might be.
Kris Kidd|Another piano falls, but this time it's me— or my lascivious loneliness, or my grab bag of mental instabilities and emotional shortcomings, or whatever.
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|But maybe that's one of the important things about America—that somebody would even ask a nobody like me what America means to her. In America, it matters what you think. You can bet that Hitler's not asking his people what Germany means to them. He's telling them what it means to him, and if it doesn't mean the same thing to them, they get shipped off to prison. Here at least a person has the right to complain and to vote and to complain some more if the fellow they vote for doesn't win.
Laurann Dohner, Burning Up Flint|You found it,” she announced.I smiled, knowing what she meant. She and I’d had conversations since I was a small child about finding true love. She’d fallen deep with my grampa, who I hadn’t met, he’d died before I was born in a work accident, but she’d never sought out anyone else. She couldn’t imagine her life without him. She’d told me that some people could find love over and over but others found it once and it was so perfect, so ‘it’ that they’d never look elsewhere, even if they lost it. They’d had such good from it that they were topped up for life.
Oliver Sacks|I am the unseen. For centuries I have been here, beneath this great city, this metropolis. I know your language. I know all languages. . . . My cave is broad and cool. The sun cannot send its heat down here. The damp soil is rich and fragrant. I turn softly on my back and place my eight legs to the cave ceiling. Then, I listen. I am the spider. I see sound. I feel taste. I hear touch. I spin this story. This is the story I’ve spun.
Little Black Book|I believe we write our own stories. And each time we think we know the end - we don't. Perhaps luck exists somewhere between the world of planning, the world of chance, and in peace that comes from knowing that you just can't know it all. You know, life's funny that way. Once you let go of the wheel, you might end up right where you belong.
Josh Klinghoffer|If you believe in what you do and you really want to be in music, just stick at it. It's always a learning process. Enjoy it because I think making music is a privilege, really. In an ideal world, it should also always be fun. As much as possible, make it fun.
Vironika Tugaleva|Unconditional love goes beyond holding on and letting go. Real love is about truth. It's about looking at what's really going on instead of the stories we tell ourselves about it. It's about being able to love someone from afar, when we need to, because we see that closeness turns us into the worst versions of ourselves.
Bimal Shah|Happiness is in all of us and it comes from progress. The root cause of a multiplier effect or a destroyer effect lies inside of us. The multiplication of the happiness in us on a daily basis makes us unique and powerful and gives us the reason for our existence." --Bimal Shah.
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|That the loss of a man, even if he had been the love of her life, was not the end of a woman's existence.
Rick Atkinson|When I was a young man, I was poor. In a war with other nations, I was in eighty-seven fights. There I received my name and was made Chief of my nation. But now I am old and am for peace.
Tarang Sinha|I feel like part of getting better at writing is knowing where to find that inspiration. Right after something happens to me, the first thing I’ll do is go write when those feelings are really, really fresh.
Larry David|It is indeed a matter of great difficulty to discover, and effectually to distinguish, the true motions of particular bodies from the apparent because the parts of that immovable space, in which those motions are performed, do by no means come under the observation of our senses.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Each appointment brought fear, uncertainty and discouragement. Ann’s constant concern was, What if I have cancer?
Matt Taibbi, Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America|That’s kind of creepy,
C.S. Lewis|If you love deeply, you're going to get hurt badly. But it's still worth it.
Casey  Carter|Books. The reading, writing and cultivation of books is my form of meditation. The books in my life have brought me the closet to divinity.
Don Cornelius|Now God be praised, I will die in peace.
Warren Spector|Our educational establishment is failing; it is past time for courage, honesty, and action commensurate with the need, particularly here in the United States.
Alexander Zalan, Pavilion of Thoughts|Contention with all its variations is one of the most destructive forces in home and society. Lying and stealing are only extensions of basic problems in the home environment. Some psychologists of the day would label such malfunctions as 'normal.' 'Ignore it,'they say. 'It's a normal stage which children will outgrow.'The fact is that quarreling, lying, and stealing are not necessary or normal to proper growth and development and are as much a menace to society as to the home and the individuals. Almost all children have some of these feelings in their makeup. Nut learning to control feelings rather than letting the feelings control the person is the secret to happiness.
Dashiell Hammett|If you have a story that seems worth telling, and you think you can tell it worthily, then the thing for you to do is to tell it, regardless of whether it has to do with sex, sailors or mounted policemen.
Hermann Hesse|The mind cannot live in nature, only against nature, only as its counterpart.
Tanmaya Guru|Oh...oh... "You" the big job... should we be impressed!?
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|When it comes to competing with the best and brightest in whatever your talents or educational skills are, you have to have the confidence within yourself that you are able to achieve.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|I want, I don’t want.How can one live with such a heart?
Eric Hobsbawm, How to Change the World: Marx and Marxism 1840-2011|Capitalism does not merely oppressworkers on the factory floor. It creates anentire culture in which the logic of oppressionand competition become commonsense. It turns people against each otherand their mvn humanity. Like Franz Kafka'scharacter in The Metamorphosis, GregorSamsa, people are alienated from theirhuman selves, isolated from their fellmvbeings, and tortured by the loss of all thatcould be possible.
James Fenimore Cooper|Nevertheless, likin' is a tender plant, and never thrives long when watered with tears. Let the 'arth around your married happiness be moistened by the dews of kindness.
Robert Collier|Talent, lying in the understanding, is often inherited; genius, being the action of reason or imagination, rarely or never.
Steve Goodier|The truth is, I can choose to view tough times as growing times, I can choose to see aging as seasoning and I can choose to focus on whatever good there is to be found in living. I choose. After all, it’s my point of view.
John Perkins, The Secret History of the American Empire: Economic Hit Men, Jackals & the Truth about Global Corruption|The very desire to be certain,to be secure,is the beginning of bondage.It's only when the mind is not caught in the net of certainty,and is not seeking certainty, that it is in a state of discovery.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|When the founding fathers conceived of this new nation, they understood that the education of its citizens would be essential to the health of their democratic enterprise. Knowledge was not just a luxury; it was essential.
Steve Chandler, Reinventing Yourself: How to Become the Person You've Always Wanted to Be|Do it badly; do it slowly; do it fearfully; do it any way you have to, but do it.
Ashly Lorenzana|I believe in energies. Good energy has served me well. Being fair with others, compassionate towards them, remaining humble, and making a difference to someone are just a few of the things that I have seen create good energy. Beautiful things. Human things. I do my best to surround myself with these types of things, to generate an atmosphere thick with such energy. It has kept me safe in many situations. I have taken risks in the past, and managed to avoid harm by the protection of the good energy I have created around me. I believe that ugliness creates more ugliness. And no matter how touched by ugliness you are, you do not have to give in to it and start spreading it beyond yourself. I have seen this sickness and what it does to a person, and those around them.
Jeff Garvin, Symptoms of Being Human|Gender is but a doorway to a vast inner universe of ultimate relationships between oneness and duality, manifest and divine, being and nonbeing, temporal and eternal.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Christ would be a national advertiser today, I am sure, as He was a great advertiser in His own day. He thought of His life as business.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|The problem with a wish list was what it told you about the person who wrote it. If it's honest, it's a rock-bottom, barebones, clear shot all the way to someone's soul.Hats can do the same thing.
John Lundin, Journey to the Heart of the World|You are the sun and the rain, the water and the plants, the birds and the animals. There is no such thing as ‘nature,’ apart from you and me. You are nature, I am nature, just as you are me and I am you.
Donna Lynn Hope|Bravery is the ability to endure, even unto death, all types of terrible, terrifying and painful situations and we live in a time when people do all that they can to avoid hardship and pain, never realizing that strength and courage is found in both.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|One must always be aware, to notice—even though the cost of noticing is to become responsible.
Robert Jordan, The Eye of the World|What did you spend so much time talking about with Ila? If you weren’t dancing with that long-legged fellow, you were talking to her like it was some kind of secret.”“Ila was giving me advice on being a woman,” Egwene replied absently. He began laughing, and she gave him a hooded, dangerous look that he failed to see.“Advice! Nobody tells us how to be men. We just are.”“That,” Egwene said, “is probably why you make such a bad job of it.
Marsha M. Linehan|Responding to a suicide attempt by insisting that it must stop, and devoting the full resources of therapy to preventing it, is a communication with compassion and care at its very core.
Bakhtiyar Ali, I Stared at the Night of the City|Everything in this world is the fruit of the imagination. If there is no imaginary garden in our head, we can't plant a real one.
Charles Bukowski|I sat back down and poured a glass of wine. I left my door open. The moonlight came in with the sounds of the city: juke boxes, automobiles, curses, dogs barking, radios . . . We were all in it together. We were all in one big shit pot together. There was no escape. We were all going to be flushed away.
W. Somerset Maugham|We all experience many freakish and unexpected events - you have to be open to suffering a little. The philosopher Schopenhauer talked about how out of the randomness, there is an apparent intention in the fate of an individual that can be glimpsed later on. When you are an old guy, you can look back, and maybe this rambling life has some through-line. Others can see it better sometimes. But when you glimpse it yourself, you see it more clearly than anyone.
John Donne|If ever any beauty I did see,Which I desired, and got, 'twas but a dream of thee.
Stephen Hawking|Your intellect may be confused, but your emotions will never lie to you.
Charles Williams, Descent into Hell|. Nature's so terribly good. Don't you think so, Mr. Stanhope?"Stanhope was standing by, silent, while Mrs. Parry communed with her soul and with one or two of her neighbours on the possibilities of dressing the Chorus. He turned his head and answered, "That Nature is terribly good? Yes, Miss Fox. You do mean 'terribly'?""Why, certainly," Miss Fox said. "Terribly--dreadfully--very.""Yes," Stanhope said again. "Very. Only--you must forgive me; it comes from doing so much writing, but when I say 'terribly' I think I mean 'full of terror'. A dreadful goodness.""I don't see how goodness can be dreadful," Miss Fox said, with a shade of resentment in her voice. "If things are good they're not terrifying, are they?""It was you who said 'terribly'," Stanhope reminded her with a smile, "I only agreed.""And if things are terrifying," Pauline put in, her eyes half closed and her head turned away as if she asked a casual question rather of the world than of him, "can they be good?"He looked down on her. "Yes, surely," he said, with more energy. "Are our tremors to measure the Omnipotence?
Steve Maraboli|(Episode 9. Hijikata finds Gintoki on a rooftop and challenges him to a duel to avenge Kondo's defeat earlier. Gintoki doesn't want to fight him, so breaks Hijikata's sword easily, and leaves. It's then revealed that Okita and Kondo had been watching them clash, from another rooftop.)Okita Sougou: "He's an interesting man. I'd like to cross swords with him, myself."Kondo:"Don't bother. He'll kick your ass, Sougou.""He's the kind of guy fighting another battle far away, even as a sword swings at his throat.""Fair or unfair, it doesn't matter to him."(Not knowing that Kondo & Okita were watching his duel from a high vantage point, Hijikata lights a cigarette and sits back.)Hijikata (watching the blue sky above him):"Sorry, Kondo-san. I lost to him, as well ...
Robin  Gregory|When you're trapped in a prison, and your heart is broken, and you can't move a finger because you don't know what to do, that's when you wake up.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To be compassionate, you have to forget your own comfort zone and live well because you live beyond yourself.
Antoine D. Ongolo, A Letter to God|The Bible is not a tested hypothesis, it is not a theory but it is God's Breath.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Some people are trapped by the belief that love comes in finite quantities, and that our kind of love exhausts the supply upon which they need to draw. I do not accept competitive models of love, only additive ones.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Now this was one of the things I had been brought up to eschew like disgrace; it being held by my father neither the part of a Christian nor yet of a gentleman to set his own livelihood and fish for that of others, on the cast of painted pasteboard.
Empress Eugenie of France|You didn't find any trace of her?" asked d'Arnot. // Tarzan shook his head. "None. In the jungle, I could have found her; but here –-here, in civilization, a man cannot even find himself.
Priyanka Naik, Twists Of Fate|There were differences between memories and dreams. He had only dreams of things he had wanted to do, while Lespere had memories of things done and accomplished. And this knowledge began to pull Hollis apart, with a slow, quivering precision.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|What! Would I be turned back from doing a thing that I had determined to do, and that I knew to be right, by the airs and interference of such a person, or any person I may say? No, I have no idea of being so easily persuaded. When I have made up my mind, I have made it.
Chuck Wendig|The Russian-born novelist's writing habits were famously peculiar. Beginning in 1950, he composed first drafts in pencil on ruled index cards, which he stored in long file boxes. Since Nabokov claimed, he pictured an entire novel in complete form before he began writing it, this method allowed him to compose passages out of sequence, in whatever order he pleased...
Connie Willis, The Best of Connie Willis: Award-Winning Stories|I remembered my father telling me when I was a little girl, "Guilt is bullshit. Don't ever let anyone make you feel guilty.
Avery Flynn, Make Me Up|Nobody fucks with my girl."	Life snapped back into her mahogany-colored eyes. "I'm not your girl."	"But you will be.
Anuj Kr. Thakur|She(my love) said to me, what's the matter with you?.......I replied.....'NOTHING
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|It lingers in this room like the voices that still echo here, some belonging to a man who’d once been alive, and the rest belong to others who’ve never drawn breath.
Mary Renault, The Persian Boy|People like me are blamed for curiosity; having lost part of our lives, we are apt to fill the gap from the lives of others. In this I am like the rest, and make no pretences.
Mary Roach, Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex|I've had more difficulty accepting myself as bisexual than I ever did accepting that I was a lesbian. It felt traitorous. A few years ago, I admitted to myself that I was still interested in men in more than a "Brad Pitt is slick hot sexy" kind of way. But I worried whatmy friends, exes, and the Community would think. I never even broached the subject with my parents. Because what bothered me the most was that people would think that being a lesbian had been a phase for me, when that was so very not the case. What I feared was that I would no longer be part of a community, that I might be seen with my boyfriend and not be recognized as something not the same. 
Brian Halweil, Eat Here: Reclaiming Homegrown Pleasures in a Global Supermarket|In the modern food landscape, the Krafts, Monsantos, and Archer Daniels Midlands are standing in the way of food democracy.
Adam Grant|In the city, we work until quitting time. On the farm, we work until the job is finished.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Gold Bug|You will observe that the stories told are all about money-seekers, not about money-finders.
Beth Ditto|Like everything which is not the involuntary result of fleeting emotion but the creation of time and will, any marriage, happy or unhappy, is infinitely more interesting than any romance, however passionate.
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|The issue is fear. But the deeper issue is trust. Can we trust our lives, our futures, and the lives of those we love to God? Can we trust a God we can't control? Can we trust this God whose take on life and death and suffering and joy is so very different from our own? Yes. Yes, we can. Because we know him. And we know he is good.
Edward Hirsch|Cotton was a force of nature. There's a poetry to it, hoeing and growing cotton.
Leanna Renee Hieber, The Darkly Luminous Fight for Persephone Parker|Persephone is just a name for a spirit of beauty at a certain time in history. I'm sure we could argue a biblical place for her if it matters. Your wife has the name of that pagan goddess, but the fact remains that she's your mortal bride in the Year of Our Lord 1888- and she's Catholic, so pray for her, damn it, I don't care how confusing it is. And pray for us, to anyone. If the dead are about to flood Athens, divine goodwill couldn't hurt. Your prayers can be in Hindu, if you like. Now go home.
Victor Shamas, The Way of Play: Reclaiming Divine Fun & Celebration|We are all equally capable of spiritual awakening. It may not seem that way, at times. Some of us are so caught up in the drama of our day-to-day existence that we have lost track of who we really are. But eventually, all of us will make the discovery of our true nature.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|Such loyalty is admirable, of course,” said Scrimgeour, who seemed to be restraining his irritation with difficulty, “but Dumbledore is gone, Harry. He’s gone.”“He will only be gone from the school when none here are loyal to him,” said Harry, smiling in spite of himself.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|I struggled to think pure thoughts, as Hector sucked out my psyche with his eyes.
Margaret C. Sullivan, The Jane Austen Handbook: A Sensible Yet Elegant Guide to Her World|How to explain the sheer tingling joy one experiences when two interesting, complex, and occasionally aggravating characters have at last settled their misunderstandings and will live happily ever after, no matter what travails life might throw in their path, because Jane Austen said they will, and that's that? How to describe the exhilaration of being caught up in an unknown but glamorous world of balls and gowns and rides in open carriages with handsome young men? How to explain that the best part of Jane Austen's world is that sudden recognition that the characters are just like you?
Jani Ortlund, Fearlessly Feminine|Why the delay? Why does God let evil and pain so flagrantly exist, even thrive, on this planet?...He holds back for our sakes. Re-creation involves us; we are, in fact, at the center of his plan...the motive behind all human history, is to develop us, not God. Our very existence announces to the powers in the universe that restoration is under way. Every act of faith by every one of the people of God is like the tolling of a bell, and a faith like Job's reverberates throughout the universe.
Kate Atkinson, A God in Ruins|The world makes, and hates, bachelors.
Gilles Dauvé|If one looks at modern society, it is obvious that in order to live, the great majority of people are forced to sell their labour power. All the physical and intellectual capacities existing in human beings, in their personalities, which must be set in motion to produce useful things, can only be used if they are sold in exchange for wages. Labour power is usually perceived as a commodity bought and sold nearly like all others. The existence of exchange and wage-labour seems normal, inevitable. Yet the introduction of wage-labour involved conflict, resistance, and bloodshed. The separation of the worker from the means of production, now an accepted fact of life, took a long time and was accomplished by force.In England, in the Netherlands, in France, from the sixteenth century on, economic and political violence expropriated craftsmen and peasants, repressed indigence and vagrancy, imposed wage-labour on the poor. Between 1930 and 1950, Russia decreed a labour code which included capital punishment in order to organise the transition of millions of peasants to industrial wage-labour in less than a few decades. Seemingly normal facts: that an individual has nothing but his labour power, that he must sell it to a business unit to be able to live, that everything is a commodity, that social relations revolve around market exchange… such facts now taken for granted result from a long, brutal process.By means of its school system and its ideological and political life, contemporary society hides the past and present violence on which this situation rests. It conceals both its origin and the mechanism which enables it to function. Everything appears as a free contract in which the individual, as a seller of labour power, encounters the factory, the shop or the office. The existence of the commodity seems to be an obvious and natural phenomenon, and the periodic major and minor disasters it causes are often regarded as quasi-natural calamities. Goods are destroyed to maintain their prices, existing capacities are left to rot, while elementary needs remain unfulfilled. Yet the main thing that the system hides is not the existence of exploitation or class (that is not too hard to see), nor its horrors (modern society is quite good at turning them into media show). It is not even that the wage labour/capital relationship causes unrest and rebellion (that also is fairly plain to see). The main thing it conceals is that insubordination and revolt could be large and deep enough to do away with this relationship and make another world possible.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Exciting happiness is joy, celebration, travelling, being in bed with a woman you desire.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|Oh, this yearning to be white, this yearning to have straight hair, this lifelong striving to be different from the way one is created this great difficulty in accepting oneself, I knew it and saw only my own longing from outside, saw the absurdity of our yearning to be different from what we are...
David Steindl-Rast|While the ingrates duke-it-out about the true God, you take each breath in holy gratitude.
Robert Hugh Benson, By What Authority?|For our anxiety is the one thing we cannot place on the shoulders of others, it suffocates them.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Dream a Little Dream|Mom is my best friend not because she is my mom, but because-She is the one who understand me without my saying,She is the one who can read my eyes,she is the one who can read my painful heart,She is the one who can give love without any return,She is the one who never leave my hand no matter how much i fight with her,She is the one who never complains for anything you do to her,She is the one with whom i can share everything without fear,She is my best guide,She fight for me when i am innocent,She trust me when others don't,This is why She is the one who is my Best Friend. Love you mom...
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|The love of learning, the sequestered nooks,And all the sweet serenity of books
Alice Sebold|Oh sweetheart, do you really think if youseal it up, that the pain's gonna go away?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Science proves that what appears to be solid is simply moving at a slower rate. Whereas, what is moving, grooving, and flowing, has a higher rate of vibration. We as humans work the same way.
Rebecca Rosenblum, So Much Love|Is the person I was before dead? Or will the worst things that happened to me eventually get diluted by the rest of my life, become just a part of the story that I've always been writing?
J.C. Patrick, The Reinvention of Janey|The old Janey only drank cheap wine and light beer. The new Janey is classy, prefers cocktails, and even drinks alone.
Winston Brown, Nomad|A flat tire is like a bad attitude, you won't go anywhere until you change it.
Ginger Rogers|In the adjustment of the new order of things, we women demand an equal voice; we shall accept nothing less.
Michael Jordan|I'm proud of my hard work. Working hard won't always lead to the exact things we desire. There are many things I've wanted that I haven't always gotten. But, I have a great satisfaction in the blessings from my mother and father, who instilled a great work ethic in me both personally and professionally.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies heonly appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people tocry at his funeral. All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always willexist. The Tralfamadorians can look at all the different moments just that way we canlook at a stretch of the Rocky Mountains, for instance. They can see how permanent allthe moments are, and they can look at any moment that interests them. It is just anillusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on astring, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever.'When a Tralfamadorian sees a corpse, all he thinks is that the dead person is in a badcondition in that particular moment, but that the same person is just fine in plenty of othermoments. Now, when I myself hear that somebody is dead, I simply shrug and say whatthe Tralfamadorians say about dead people, which is "so it goes.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|The Eternal Smiler strode forth, handing her one, as well. I considered the psychology behind her smile and formed the conclusion that, despite its obvious coating of pleasantry, it was an understandable psychological decision.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|By reading the writings of the most interesting minds in history, we meditate with our own minds and theirs as well. This is to me is a miracle.
Diane Lane|My greatest gift in life was being dyslexic. It made me special. It made me different. If I had not been dyslexic, I wouldn't have needed sports.
J. C. Watts|I didn't like Barbie dolls, so I used to have this overactive imagination, and I used to pretend to be all these different things. My weird childhood fetishes seem to have come to life now as an actor.
Kellan Lutz|Beauty, pleasure, freedom and plenty of sleep: these are the hallmarks of a successful idler's break. Travel should not be hard work.
B.K.S. Iyengar|Acharya Balkrishna" on the Origin of Yog and its Greatness"Standing upright facing all storms and tempests like Devalaya, Yog too is like a monument, established like saints and sages, reaching where all the trials and turbulences cease. Even adversities strengthen the bricks and a stone of this temple – such is the power of Yog. The same way, the evasive flow of time might seldom limit the greatness of Yog and Yogis.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Growing your leadership capacity demands personal effectiveness. Being effective is the ability to do the right thing at all times, no matter the cost.
E.M. Forster|You’re too sensitive’ victims of sexual abuse are told over and over by those whose reality depends on being insensitive. Most adults who have been in the victim role cringe when anyone tells them they are sensitive. In fact, sensitivity is a lovely trait and one to be cherished in any human being.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If the crookies don't crumble, you don't try other pastries
Phil Wohl, Death Made Me Famous|We live in the information age and the sheer volume of it being available everywhere, creates a need for information that has value. Yes, we can look anything up on Google but who has the time? Can we trust that the information comes from a trustworthy source? Your experience has given you a deep knowing of your subject matter. You have insights and ideas that others may not figure out on their own. You are holding a roadmap that has great value to someone. What has been stopping you from sharing your knowledge? Perhaps you have been afraid to put yourself out there because of a fear of rejection? Let me get straight to the point. Get over it right now! Ponder the following quote for a moment and then move on with the decision to write rather than not to write, because not to write is not “to be”. You deny yourself and your audience. You have had an incredible journey to get to where you are and have amassed experience and knowledge. Now combine that with your unique voice and be heard. You are already an expert. Accept it.
Kersten Hamilton, Tyger Tyger|Ugh," he said after a few swallows. "Dead blood." Jace's eyebrows went up. " Isn't all blood dead?" "The longer the animal whose blood I'm drinking has been dead, the worse the blood tastes," Simon explained. "Fresh is better." "But you've never drunk fresh blood. Have you?" Simon raised his own eyebrows in response. "Well, aside from mine, of course," Jace said. "And I'm sure my blood is fan-tastic.
Miguel de Unamuno, Tragic Sense of Life|Yes, yes, I see it all! — an enormous social activity, a mighty civilization, a profuseness of science, of art, of industry, of morality, and afterwords, when we have filled the world with industrial marvels, with great factories, with roads, museums and libraries, we shall fall exhausted at the foot of it all, and it will subsist — for whom? Was man made for science or was science made for man?
Jenny  Lawson, Furiously Happy: A Funny Book About Horrible Things|1. Santa Claus is real. However, your parents are folkloric constructs meant to protect and foritfy children against the darknesses of the real world. They are symbols representing the return of the sun and the end of winter, the sacrifice of the king and the eternal fecundity of the queen. They wear traditional vestments and are associated with certain seasonal plants, animals, and foods. After a certain age, no intelligent child continues believing in their parents, and it is embarrassing when one professes such faith after puberty. Santa Claus, however, will never fail us.
Abel Aganbegyan|A new planting is like having another child, requiring patience and sacrifice and a resounding optimism for the future
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|Married life had taught Toran the futility of arguing with a female in dark-brown mood. He shrugged, and left her.
Gregory Maguire, Son of a Witch|Sometimes thought Liir-his first thought in weeks and weeks-sometimes I hate this marvelous land of ours. It's so much like home, and then it holds out on you.
Rob Liano|Selfish love hurts, selfless love heals.
Anthony Boucher, The Case of the Solid Key|In movies, everyone is always surprised the door is unlocked.
Mallory Smart|My emotions have already spilled out on a canvas; I need you my king, to rescue me from the madness!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Have you ever asked yourself this question "what can God do through me?" The preacher has no platform if the people has no sense of mission.
Stephen Richards|When you fail, that is when you get closer to success.
Michael Jordan|Baseball is a game where a curve is an optical illusion, a screwball can be a pitch or a person, stealing is legal and you can spit anywhere you like except in the umpire's eye or on the ball.
Alexander McCall Smith, The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency|Boys, men," she said. "They're all the same. They think that this [their manhood] is something special and they're all so proud of it. They do not know how ridiculous it is.
Dan Millman, Way of the Peaceful Warrior: A Book That Changes Lives|It's a thought," I said with a grin."That's exactly what it is, Dan - a thought - no more real than the shadow of a shadow. Consciousness is not In the body; the body is In Consciousness. And you Are that Consciousness - no the phantom mind that troubles you so. You are the body, but you are everything else, too. That is what your visions revealed to you. Only the mind resists change. When you relax mindless into the body, you are happy and content and free, sensing no separation. Immortality is Already yours, but not in the same way you imagined or hope for. You have been immortal since before you were born and will be long after the body dissolves. The body is in Consciousness; never born; never dies; only changes. The mind - your ego, personal beliefs, history, and identity - is all that ends at death. And who needs it?" Socrates leaned back into his chair."I'm not sure all of that sank in.""Of course not." He laughed. "Words mean little unless you realize the truth of it yourself. And when you do, you'll be free at last.
Neil Gaiman|Science fiction is the most important literature in the history of the world, because it's the history of ideas, the history of our civilization birthing itself. ...Science fiction is central to everything we've ever done, and people who make fun of science fiction writers don't know what they're talking about.
Brian John, On Angel Mountain|I’m not trying to start an argument with you,” William assured him. “I suppose I don’t know what it’s like to be a true revolutionary, though I think I’ve held some…similar…ideals. At times. Thought I could change things, if I fought hard enough.”“What did you try to change?”“Myself, in hopes that it would change others’ opinions of me.”“That is a bit more selfish than what we aspire to,” Luis clarified.William shrugged. “If it makes you feel better, I pressed others to change as well. Guess I just didn’t fight hard enough for any of it.
John Keats, Endymion: A Poetic Romance|I have clung	To nothing, lov’d a nothing, nothing seen	Or felt but a great dream!
Lorelei James, Saddled and Spurred|I plan to use my hands, my mouth, and my cock to fuck that basic vanilla sex right outta you.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Our culture's quest to hide death behind a facade of denial has made fools and pretended immortals of us all. Perhaps it would be more helpful and liberating to begin each day by repeating the words of Crazy Horse, "Today is a good day to die.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|You don't know what would have happened if I hadn't pushed. Nobody knows. I did it the way I did it, and it worked. Above all, it worked.
Zayn Malik, Zayn: The Official Autobiography|Women have been the most intelligent, peaceful and positive influences in my life, I don't want to generalize too much, but definitely in my experience, I've found the whole macho world of male aggression and insecurity to be a lot more difficult to exist in.
Kim Harrison, For a Few Demons More|Can you really talk to the dead?" She gave me the look that I was familiar with by now: equal parts derision, skepticism, and curiosity. “How much would it be? I mean, how much do you charge?
Maggie Stiefvater|This new world was a vicious, sleek world made of street lights and tight jeans, sharp smiles and fast cars. This was a city, edited. A city, pared down to its bare minimums, beautiful and abusive.
Anna Seward, Original sonnets on various subjects; and odes paraphrased from Horace|Not the slow Hearse, where nod the sable plumes,     The Parian Statue, bending o'er the Urn,     The dark robe floating, the dejection worn     On the dropt eye, and lip no smile illumes; Not all this pomp of sorrow, that presumes     It pays Affection's debt, is due concern     To the FOR EVER ABSENT, tho' it mournFashion's allotted time. If Time consumes, While Life is ours, the precious vestal-flame     Memory shou'd hourly feed;—if, thro' each day,     She with whate'er we see, hear, think, or say, Blend not the image of the vanish'd Frame,     O! can the alien Heart expect to prove, In worlds of light and life, a reunited love!
Oppong Amankwaa|If you want to succeed in making a son of Africa stupid, simply give him power or money. But If you intend to make him more stupid, then give him the two.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Now let's talk about dreams. Yes. Dreams. I believe that dreams are one of the best thing in the world. It's so powerful. Because of people dreaming; things are being done and things are being made. Things happen. Dreams are being manifested to beautiful things. Dreams can make people happy, but sad as well (if they don't happen). Well let me tell you, I believe dreams come true because one person decided it so.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|The seed of the gift may come, but a seedling that isn't nourished dies quickly.
Joely Richardson|Security depends not so much upon how much you have, as upon how much you can do without.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|Love and religion! thought Clarissa, going back into the drawing room, tingling all over. How detestable, how detestable they are!
John Locke|Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth.
James Madison|The teeth!—the teeth!—they were here, and there, and everywhere, and visibly and palpably before me; long, narrow, and excessively white, with the pale lips writhing about them, as in the very moment of their first terrible development.
David Haig, Pressure|I want you too, so much,” she whispered.	He murmured in her ear, “Then take me.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes to love people, I must completely avoid them. Sometimes, to be strong, I must completely fall apart. Sometimes, to create, I must completely destroy.
Andrew Palau, The Secret Life of a Fool: One Man's Raw Journey from Shame to Grace|The dream giver [God] will remove mountains, He'll fill valleys, He'll straighten crocket ways for you to fulfil your dreams. And His timing is the best.
Henry Miller, Stand Still Like the Hummingbird|As artists, we are eternally heartbroken.
The Weeknd|I do really silly dancing. I love dancing, but I'm not cool when I dance. It's not about my moves, it's not about how cool I am, it's not about how slick I look on the dance floor, it's about having a great time.
Roseanne Barr|Adelaide believes that all children should have enough grown-ups around who love them so that one can tell them to fight, one can tell them not to, and one can tell them not to worry so much.
Dara Horn, The World to Come|It is no different from the way it is on Earth, if one is paying attention. If only people would pay closer attention, to everything. Then they would know what mattered without stumbling blindly (albeit at times willingly) in the wrong direction. Man may be born to trouble, be he doesn't have to stay there.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|History is the lie. History's words stain otherwise pristine books, drops of inky poison frosted in sugared deception.
Walt Disney|In all my years as an actor, I had never been me - I had always hidden behind my glasses, mustaches and funny voices.
Yukio Mishima|Of course, chaos can lead to failure and extinction. But so can order. Far more nations, people, and ideas die of atrophy than die from revolution. Both order and chaos are necessary ingredients for long run success - for sustainability.
Edward de Bono|In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.
Stephen Richards|To put it simply, the lizard brain is purely concerned with survival.
Brad Hirschfield|When faith simplifies things that need to remain complex, instead of giving us strength to live with complexity, when it gives us answers where none exist, instead of helping us appreciate the sacredness of living with questions, when it offers certainty when there needs to be doubt, and when it tells us that we have arrived when we should be searching-then there is a problem with that faith.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|Breathing seemed harder in the cemetery, and selfish, somehow...
Tina Brown|I was perceived to be a first- to third-rounder. I kind of had a tough junior year and fell to the fifth round. At that time, it was motivational.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|It appears - because it has been the case for twenty years - that every problem is solvable...that no matter how badly the world economy slumps there is a pain-free way out of it. Once the realization dawns that there is not, and that the pain will be severe, the question is posed that has not really been posed for twenty years: who should feel it?
Thomas Traherne|There was never a tutor that did professly teach Felicity, though that be the mistress of all other sciences. Nor did any of us study these things but as aliena, which we ought to have studied as our enjoyments. We studied to inform our knowledge, but knew not for what end we so studied. And for lack of aiming at a certain end we erred in the manner. Howbeit there we received all those seeds of knowledge that were afterwards improved; and our souls were awakened to a discerning of their faculties, and exercise of their powers.
Elizabeth Wein, The Pearl Thief|I ken who you are! You're Strathfearn's granddaughter. Julie Stuart, is it? Och, aye, Lady Julia! Well then, Lady Julia, tell me -- who don't you deserve a glass of water?
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|I closed my eyes under the fluroescent lights and tried to make another birthday wish, a onetime do-over, a rebate, a trade-in on the kitchen sink kiss that started everything, offered up for just one last miracle.
Robert Louis Stevenson|Literature, although it stands apart by reason of the great destiny and general use of its medium in the affairs of men, is yet an art like other arts. Of these we may distinguish two great classes: those arts, like sculpture, painting, acting, which are representative, or as used to be said very clumsily, imitative; and those, like architecture, music, and the dance, which are self-sufficient, and merely presentative.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|As artists, it is our job to question the rules and ask if they are relevant or outdated, necessary or arbitrary, helpful or oppressive.
Taylor Rhodes, Sixteenth Notes: The Breaking of the Rose-Colored Glasses|The smell of cigarette smoke in the air in a tavern that changes names often,a bar cursed because of a girl who died of a drug overdose in the basement, we put a few coins in the jukebox;chose “Angel Band” by Johnny Cash and sat down at the bar,ordered a soda, you wanted a whiskey on the rocks.We saw the coal miner who moved here from West Virginiaknocking back liquor like I drink sweet tea.No one asked why he was so solemn today.It was warm. It was relatively quiet.To anyone else, this place could feel sinister.But to us, it was freedom. It was a hiding place.No one was ever here long enough to know us.And we liked it that way.
Alvin Plantinga, Warranted Christian Belief|De jure objections are arguments of claims to the effect that Christian belief, whether or not true, is at any rate unjustifiable, or rationally unjustified, or irrational, or not intellectually respectable, or contrary to sound morality, or without sufficient evidence, or in some other way rationally unacceptable, not up to snuff from an intellectual point of view.
James Purdy, Cabot Wright Begins|Some of us think we already know the answer. They are the people who close a book and never think about it again. To them, the story ends at the words 'The End' and that's that.
Donald Grey Barnhouse|No sin is original, no matter what the bright young things may hope. We're all merely playing to a theme.
Craig Clevenger, The Contortionist's Handbook|Stephanie had been raped, beaten and left for dead on the Atlantic City Boardwalk several times. You'd think she would have hit rock bottom after those experiences. But no. None of that made her quit. It just made her want to use even more drugs, to forget her miserable life. As long as she could get high, she didn't care if she was being raped in a dark alley. At this point in her life, a lethal overdose probably would have felt like her salvation.
James Patterson, The Christmas Wedding|You looked strange climbing in the tree like that."Tiger Lily pulled her braids between her fingers, her sudden self-consciousness feeling foreign and strange to her. "I didn't do it to look nice," she said."But you do care."Tiger Lily studied the tree and decided if she did care, she would now choose not to. "I don't," she said."All girls do," he added, pushing the point."You must not know many girls.""I know a million," Peter said, dark and serious. There was a long awkward silence, but if Peter regretted his words, I couldn't tell.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|People are, at their heart, constantly moving toward a state of entropy. Much like this ship. We’re all spiraling out of control.
A.Z. black|If a problem is clearly stated, it has no further interest to the physicist.
Alexa Vega|There is nothing more important than a good, safe, secure home.
Collette West, Inside Game|Regret isn't real," Tuck said. "It's something invented to punish ourselves.
Mark F. LaMoure|Visualize yourself at your best. Be determined to earn the title of being excellent. From working hard and practicing, one day you will earn its badge of honor.
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|It was at first almost as if he hadn't wanted to kiss her. His mouth was hard on hers, unyielding; then he put both arms around her and pulled her against him. His lips softened. She could feel the rapid beat of his heart, taste the sweetness of apples still on his mouth. She wound her hands into his hair, as she'd wanted to do since the first time she'd seen him. His hair curled around her fingers, silky and fine. Her heart was hammering, and there was a rushing sound in her ears, like beating wings
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|What do confidence and command look like when you see them? Moving one step past a healthy self-esteem, they project an air of authority, respect, and deliberate intention.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|So...just kissing ...?”If he was disappointed, he didn’t show it. Kudos to him. “Some feeling up is allowed, but nothing below the waist. And absolutely no sex.” Just saying it out loud was getting her all hot and bothered. Him too if the flare of his nostrils was any indication. God, she’d missed this. All of it. The flirting. The chase. The dance. Surprisingly she wasn’t even that rusty. It was all coming back to her.“So it’s making out. Like in high school.”“Exactly.” She smiled.“High school sucked.
Frank Capra|In New York I'd go to the movies three or four times a week. Here I've upped it to six or seven, mainly because I'm too lazy to do anything else. Fortunately, going to the movies seems to suddenly qualify as an intellectual accomplishment, on a par with reading a book or devoting time to serious thought. It's not that the movies have gotten any more strenuous, it's just that a lot of people are as lazy as I am, and together we've agreed to lower the bar.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|let yourself cry, OK? One of the worst feelings in the world is being unable to cry and eventually it…starts to make things darker.
Robin Rose Bennett, The Gift of Healing Herbs: Plant Medicines and Home Remedies for a Vibrantly Healthy Life|Nobody wants to die! So why do people let themselves go?Why kill yourself off?Stop and think, get fit and strong! Even a good shag will burn the calories off and pump your heart!There is no excuse - you know it!
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Gundar seemed to come to a decision. "Well, as my old mam used to say, if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck and walks like a duck, it's probably a duck." "Very wise," Halt said. "And what exactly do your mother's words of wisdom have to do with this situation?" Gundar shrugged. "It looks like a channel. It's the right place for a channel. If I were digging one, this is where I'd dig a channel. So. . ." "So it's probably the channel?" Selethen said. Gundar grinned at him. "Either that or it's a duck.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In the race of life, what matters is to complete your race.
Penny Reid, Neanderthal Seeks Human|I know about how you need to be left alone to do work. I know why. This job, you'll be allowed to do that. You'll report to me, but when you're here, you'll be working on tasks that I assign and that you'll be able to do by yourself.
Unarine Ramaru|He who fears alcohol MUST also fear ANGER, for anger is more powerful and dangerous than the alcohol.
John Durham Peters, Speaking into the Air: A History of the Idea of Communication|I'm Valerie Rye,' she said, savoring the words. 'It's all right for you to talk to me.
Knut Hamsun, Knut Hamsun Remembers America: Essays and Stories, 1885-1949|Americans bred like rabbits, expecting the reaper to slaughter at least a few before they reached ripeness.
Helmut Kohl|If the label presents them with a contract that the band don't want to sign, all the label has to do is wait. There are a hundred other bands willing to sign the exact same contract, so the label is in a position of strength.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|But if I am not a criminal, I beg to be permitted to go abroad with my wife temporarily, for at least one year, with the right to return as soon as it becomes possible in our country to serve great ideas in literature without cringing before little men, as soon as there is at least a partial change in the prevailing view concerning the role of the literary artist. (“Letter To Stalin”)
Martina Boone, Illusion|I know the devices of a demon. I was taught as a child about the demon lover. I was told about a beautiful temptress who came to a young man's room. And he, if he were wise, would demand that she turn around, because demons and witches have no back, only what they wish to present to you.
Giordano Bruno|If the butterfly wings its way to the sweet light that attracts it, it's only becasue it doesn't know that the fire can consume it.
Melinda Salisbury, The Sin Eater’s Daughter|I've read all of the old stories now – "Red Blood and Dirty Gold", "The Winter Witch", "The Scarlet Varulv" – and I want more. Though I want fantasy – made-up, impossible things – I don't want stories that step out of the pages and into the world around me.
Sheryl Crow|Happiness is not having what you want, it is wanting what you have.
Kimberly Sabatini, Touching the Surface|Once heaven is done with grandma, we'd like her back, thanks.
Gregory David Roberts|One Said, 'My grandfather once planted a Langra tree but, before he could eat the fruit, he had to marry it to another tree. A tamarind. Custom decreed it.''I know about that custom,' said a colleague. 'The jasmine is considered a suitable bride for a mango.
G.H. Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology|You’re probably better at math than I am, because pretty much everyone’s better at math than I am, but it’s okay, I’m fine with it. See, I excel at other, more important things—guitar, sex, and consistently disappointing my dad, to name a few. By the way, it's apparently true that you'll never use it in the real world. Math, I mean.
Kari L. Greenaway, He Had You at Belief|That drew a laugh from Jessamy, but he said, after a moment: “You had better flay me. It was my fault—all my fault!”“I was wondering how long it would be before you contrived to convince yourself that you were to blame,” said Alverstoke caustically. “I haven’t the slightest wish to know how you arrived at such an addlebrained conclusion, so don’t put yourself to the trouble of telling me!
Roy H. Williams, The Wizard of Ads|67% of all shoppers intend to return home with the item they are shopping for, but that only 24% actually do so.
Blaise Cendrars, Moravagine|As a special branch of general philosophy, pathogenesis had never been explored. In my opinion it had never been approached in a strictly scientific fashion--that is to say, objectively, amorally, intellectually.All those who have written on the subject are filled with prejudice. Before searching out and examining the mechanism of causes of disease, they treat of 'disease as such', condemn it as an exceptional and harmful condition, and start out by detailing the thousand and one ways of combating it, disturbing it, destroying it; they define health, for this purpose, as a 'normal' condition that is absolute and immutable.Diseases ARE. We do not make or unmake them at will. We are not their masters. They make us, they form us. They may even have created us. They belong to this state of activity which we call life. They may be its main activity. They are one of the many manifestations of universal matter. They may be the principal manifestation of that matter which we will never be able to study except through the phenomena of relationships and analogies. Diseases are a transitory, intermediary, future state of health. It may be that they are health itself.Coming to a diagnosis is, in a way, casting a physiological horoscope.What convention calls health is, after all, no more than this or that passing aspect of a morbid condition, frozen into an abstraction, a special case already experienced, recognized, defined, finite, extracted and generalized for everybody's use. Just as a word only finds its way into the Dictionary Of The French Academy when it is well worn stripped of the freshness of its popular origin or of the elegance of its poetic value, often more than fifty years after its creation (the last edition of the learned Dictionary is dated 1878), just as the definition given preserves a word, embalms it in its decrepitude, but in a pose which is noble, hypocritical and arbitrary--a pose it never assumed in the days of its vogue, while it was still topical, living and meaningful--so it is that health, recognized as a public Good, is only the sad mimic of some illness which has grown unfashionable, ridiculous and static, a solemnly doddering phenomenon which manages somehow to stand on its feet between the helping hands of its admirers, smiling at them with its false teeth. A commonplace, a physiological cliche, it is a dead thing. And it may be that health is death itself.Epidemics, and even more diseases of the will or collective neuroses, mark off the different epochs of human evolution, just as tellurian cataclysms mark the history of our planet.
Janette Oke, Love Comes Softly|He must be suffering, too. She had noted the weary sag of his shoulders, the quivering lips, the tear- filled eyes. Somehow she had never thought of him as hurting- of being capable of understanding how she felt.
Lindsay Fox|I remember opening my dad's closet and there were, like, 40 suits, every color of the rainbow, plaid and winter and summer. He had two jewelry boxes full of watches and lighters and cuff links. And just... he was that guy. He was probably unfulfilled in his life in many ways.
Michelle Franklin|You can tell a lot about an area from its library, and I'd never discount the usefulness of town archives.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|In the quagmire of feelings and emotions that engulf us on our drab and monotonous days and starry, resplendent nights, the ones that bring back past memories hold a special place, almost a unique pedestal, in our hearts! The distinct fragrance of nostalgia that serenades us in our minds is incomparable and is akin to a feeling of ecstasy. A feeling that hovers in our minds for a humongous period of time, one that takes us to leviathan heights in the midst of chaos and cacophony. It is as if we found a new elixir that rejuvenates us and makes us spring back into life.
Elisa Albert|Even though our journey as parents of a medically fragile child began with emotional turmoil, it has since become a purposeful odyssey that brings meaning and depth to our lives. This is the road we were born to travel.
Patrick O'Brian, Post Captain|Compulsion is the death of friendship, joy.
Diane Ackerman, Cultivating Delight: A Natural History of My Garden|I may enter a zone of transcendence, in which I marvel at all the accidents of fate, since the beginning of life on earth, that led to my genes being created and my standing in this particular garden in a contemplative and imagining mind. I’ve been reading recently how reflection evolved. what a fascinating solution to the rigors of survival…how amazing that a few basic ingredients- the same ones that form the mountains, plants, and rivers- when arranged differently and stressed could result in us.More and more of late, I find myself standing outside of life, with a sense of the human saga laid out before me. it is a private vision, balanced between youth and old age, a vision in which I understand how caught up in striving we humans get, and a little of why, and how difficult it is even to recognize, since it feels integral to our nature and is. but I find it interesting that, according to many religions, life and begins and ends in a garden.
Benjamin Kilham, In the Company of Bears: What Black Bears Have Taught Me about Intelligence and Intuition|When we think of social animals-that is, animals who live together in well-defined groups, and form enduring relationships- we usually think of the great apes, of wolves and other members of the dog family, and, or course, of humans. Science considers bears to be solitary animals. But while bears don't live in established groups or obey rigid hierarchies as chimps and wolves do, they have amazingly complex social relationships.
Sunday Adelaja|When you know who you are, you won’t have false modesty
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|For it was through books that she felt her life to be unjudged Look at all of the great mix-ups, messes, confinement, and double-dealings in Shakespeare, she thought.Identities disguised continually, in a combative dance of illusion and discovery.
Luke Scott|All real freedom springs from necessity, for it can be gained only through the exercise of the individual will, and that will can be roused to energetic action only by the force of necessity acting upon it from the outside to spur it to effort.
Charles Jencks|Consciousness permits us to develop the instruments of culture - morality and justice, religion, art, economics and politics, science and technology. Those instruments allow us some measure of freedom in the confrontation with nature.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|I wonder if any night on earth will be like this one. It is like a night in a dream. The people about me are like some uncanny, half-human beings. There must be spirits abroad tonight.
Pat Cadigan|As computers have become more powerful, computer graphics have advanced to the point where it's possible to create photo-realistic images. The bottleneck wasn't, 'How do we make pixels prettier?' It was, 'How do we engage with them more?'
Charles Mackay|The ideological premise, however, "can" not be defective; it is sacrosanct. ... Whatever does not seem right, whatever does not fit, must be explained by something wrong outside of the ideology; for its perfection is beyond all doubt. In (t)his way the ideology immunizes itself by offering more and more hair-splitting accusations. Betrayal and the dark powers of inner and outer enemies lie in wait everywhere. Theories about conspiracies develop and conveniently hide the absurdity of the premise, necessitating and justifying bloody purges.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|There are two paths of which one may choose in the walk of life; one we are born with, and the one we consciously blaze. One is naturally true, while the other is a perceptive illusion. Choose wisely at each fork in the road.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|To live in this world, I realized, is to leave pieces of your heart in various places; and to move toward any place is to move away from another.
John O. Brennan|I'm old enough to remember the end of World War II. On Aug. 14, 1946, a year after the Japanese were defeated, most newspapers and magazines had single articles commemorating the end of the war.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|Journeys end in lovers meeting, Every wise man's son doth know.
Richard Hammond|Often motivated by a desire to maintain the existing status quo, sloth almost cost the U.S. its auto industry, as it refused for decades to build fuel-efficient cars to compete with Japanese, Korean and European imports.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I name you today, heart fears. I am small, but you are smaller. You will not stop me. You have a voice, fears, and I must listen, but then I will open my heart. I will love you right to death.
Maxine Hancock, Living on Less and Liking It More: How to Reduce Your Spending and Increase Your Living|Real poverty is when hunger pangs force from my mind all thoughts but those of food. Real poverty is when the children are not dressed warmly enough for winter. Real poverty is when the housing we can afford is not adequate to the needs of our families. On the other hand, real poverty is - equally - when I have eaten so much that I am uncomfortable, and again, my thoughts center on food. Or when I have so many clothes that I have to spend a lot of mental energy making choices among them or finding ways to store them. Or when, regardless of my living conditions, I am discontent and brooding about how to have more. Real poverty is when material things are uppermost and pressing - whether because we have too few or too many of them. It is poverty, because the human mind and spirit are made for higher things, worthier pursuits.
Zia Haider Rahman|Beauty of office, is profession in place
Ahmed El Sokkary|One day My father taught me a ‎lesson "never compete with someone who sold the world for his ‎dream"... I have learned the lesson and decided to be this one so, no one can compete with me.
Milena Michiko Flašar, I Called Him Necktie|Feelings aren't right or wrong, they just are, and we can accept all feelingsno matter what they are...If you can take that in, it will free you up.
Ariel Gore|That kind of thinking [that writers must alleviate their guilt for leading a creative life] is based on the idea that the creative life is somehow self-indulgent. Artists and writers have to understand and live the truth that what we are doing is nourishing the world. William Carlos Williams said, "It is difficult to get the news from poems yet men die miserably every day for lack of what is found there." You can't eat a book, right, but books have saved my life more often than sandwiches. And they've saved your life... But we don't say, oh, Maya Angelou should have silenced herself because other people have other destinies. It's interesting, because artists are always encouraged to feel guilty about their work. Why? Why don't we ask predatory bankers how they alleviate their guilt? 
Debasish Mridha|In matters of love, spread kindness like a flower.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Two great European narcotics, alcohol and Christianity.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|It's hopeless. And it's stupid. It's suicidal. But love is a weapon they have no answer for. They know how you think, but they can't know what you feel.
Dorothy Allison, Skin: Talking about Sex, Class and Literature|I became a feminist activist propelled in part by outrage and despair, and a stubborn determination to shape a life, and create a literature, that was not a lie.
Stephen W. Porges, The Polyvagal Theory: Neurophysiological Foundations of Emotions, Attachment, Communication, and Self-regulation|Playing nice" comes naturally when our neuroception detects safety and promotes physiological states that support social behavior. However, pro-social behavior will not occur when our neuroception misreads the environmental cues and triggers physiological states that support defensive strategies. After all, "playing nice" is not appropriate or adaptive behavior in dangerous or life-threatening situations. In these situations, humans - like other mammals - react with more primitive neurobiological defense systems. To create relationships, humans must subdue these defensive reactions to engage, attach, and form lasting social bonds. Humans have adaptive neurobehavioral systems for both pro-social and defensive behaviors.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|It is also the irrational instinct of religionism, the vague yearning for something to worship—a reflection or shadow of the true devotional principle—which prompts men to project a subjective image of the lower, personal mind, and to endow it with human attributes, and then to claim to receive "revelations" from it; and this—the image of the Beast, or unspiritual mind,—is their anthropomorphic God, a fabulous monster the worship of which has ever prompted men to fanaticism and persecution, and has inflicted untold misery and dread upon the masses of mankind, as well as physical torture and death in hideous forms upon the many martyrs who have refused to bend the knee to this Gorgonean phantom of the beast-mind of man. Truly, where the worshipers of this image of the Beast predominate, the man whose brow and hand are unbranded by this superstition, who neither thinks nor acts in accordance with it, suffers ostracism if not virulent persecution.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Hey, S.T.," Sydney says finally. I don't budge. She nudges me with her elbow. "You want to know something?"I still can't look up. But I nod."It's not your fault either." She says this like it's not big deal. Like it's nothing.But it's everything.
Helen  Bell, Playing a Dark Game - Book 3 of the Ilmaen Quartet|I'm sorry,’ she told him finally, because there was nothing else to say. His dazed expression slowly turned to a frown, but not of anger; it was a look nearer to disappointment.‘No, ye're not.’ Penor spoke without anger or venom, in a voice of pure reason. ‘Ye're glad it weren't Kerin. Better any of us, just so long as it’s not Kerin.
Karen   White, Sea Change|...Being a mother is like being a gardener of souls. You tend your children, make sure the light always touches them; you nourish them. You sow your seeds, and reap what you sow.
Nick Lake, Hostage Three|If the people of Old Earth, our ancestors and their descendants today who remain, could keep building, could keep trying, how can we do less? We are their children, and while we bought to the stars with us all the faults and the problems and the flaws of the past, we also bought the good things, the determination, and the willingness to help others, and the imagination to build things greater then every shortcoming humanity has ever known.
Brian Eshleman|Why study what the world thinks? I believe this practice will actually make us more gracious and merciful. Engaged in interactions with worldlings, we are likely to see each person and each situation individually and to allow them to infuriate us. But, stepping back to see the world's pattern of thought rather than a particular instance in which we are wronged, we can gain perspective. By seeing this lost person's dealings as another example of blindness to Your Truth and of what Paul calls vain imaginations, we are more likely to turn our assertiveness to prayer rather than maneuvering for human advantage.
william gass|I love metaphor the way some people love junk food. I think metaphorically, feel metaphorically, see metaphorically. And if anything in writing comes easily, comes unbidded, often unwanted, it is metaphor. Like follows as as night the day. Now most of these metaphors are bad and have to be thrown away. Who saves used Kleenex? I never have to say: "What shall I compare this to?" a summer's day? No. I have to beat the comparisons back into the holes they pour from. Some salt is savory. I live in a sea.
Ford Madox Ford, No More Parades|But always, at moments when his mind was like a blind octopus, squirming in an agony of knife-cuts, she would drop in that accusation.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You can’t exist on this plane for long purely one thing or another. A totally evil creature is so destructive that it obliterates itself. A totally good one… the same. So, we mix a bit of coffee with our cream.
Heather  Marsh, Binding Chaos: Mass Collaboration on a Global Scale|All of society’s problems which could be solved by money, were caused by money.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When the headlines get black and foreboding, the sale of alcohol and barbiturates rises in the country, as millions try to escape from the grim realities of [such] dangers.
Catherine W. Scott|For the courage to write above myself; For the guts to shout down the Critic within;Fir the willingness to release the past, the future, I thank You, that which Inspires.
John Brunner, The Sheep Look Up|She recalled him as a forceful and witty speaker with a ready repartee and a penetrating voice. He had once, for example, put down a spokesman for the pesticide industry with a remark that people still quoted at parties: "And I presume on the eighth day God called you and said, 'I changed my mind about insects!
Deyth Banger|We came to the street light in the corner, and I wondered how many times Dill stood there hugging the fat pole, watching, waiting, hoping. I wondered how many times Jem and I had made this journey, but I entered the Radley front gate for the seecond time in my life. Boo and I walked up the steps to the porch. His fingers found the doorknob. He gently released my hand, opened the door, enter inside, and shut the door behind him. I never saw him again.Neighbors bring food with death and flowers with sickness and little things in between. Boo was our neighbor. He gave us two soap dolls, a broken watch and chain, a pair of good-luck pennies, and our lives. But neighbors give in return. We never put back into the tree what we took out of it: w had given him nothing, and it made me sad.
April Adams, Drawing the Dragon|Anders looked up and saw Rik’s chocolate eyes. Even though they were brown, a closer look revealed a blue corona around the dark, almost mahogany brown irises. He’d seen a piece of agate like that once on a dig; a perfect marriage of brown and blue in the depths of a broken stone.
Lisa Schroeder, The Day Before|We have a lot of questions, and we want to understand.Music helps with that .Music helps with everything.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|I have loved you all my life, Mal," I whispered through my tears. "There is no end to our story.
Mickey Rivers|Men find it more difficult than women to be alone. They function better with someone in their lives. Being married, they are rooted, so they feel safe to go and do what they want to do.
David Chipperfield|Any design, whether it's for a ship or an airplane, must be done in anticipation of potential failures.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|One of the many things I learned at the end of that Classics corridor down which I ventured at the age of 18, in search of something I could not then define, was this, written by the Greek author Plutarch: What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. That is an astonishing statement and yet proven a thousand times every day of our lives. It expresses, in part, our inescapable connection with the outside world, the fact that we touch other people’s lives simply by existing.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|It’s a saying from thousands of years ago, written in a language called Latin about a place called Rome,” he explains. “Panem et Circenses translates into ‘Bread and Circuses.’ The writer was saying that in return for full bellies and entertainment, his people had given up their political responsibilities and therefore their power.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|12. There will come a day, much quicker than your parents would wish, when you will no longer be comfortable living at home. You will want to move out and establish a home of your own. After that time, your mother and father will be more like your friends than your parents. And someday, if they live long enough, you will be more like a parent to them than a son or daughter.
Calvin Coolidge|After great pain, a formal feeling comes. The Nerves sit ceremonious, like tombs.
Himmilicious|The biggest mystery of the people is "The People".
Joshua Oppenheimer|The study of history requires investigation, imagination, empathy, and respect. Reverence just doesn't enter into it.
Sunday Adelaja|When you invest in life, you are being fruitful and productive
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|The First Mobile, if one is sent, must be warned that unless he is very self-assured, or senile, his pride will suffer. A man wants his virility regarded, a woman wants her femininity appreciated, however indirect and subtle the indications of regard and appreciation. On Winter they will not exist. One is respected and judged only as a human being. It is an appalling experience.
Rob Bignell, Editor|Often as writers, we are surprised by what we learn about ourselves. It runs counter to what we’ve thought about who we are. But it is closer to the truth.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|Into the breach, then. Against mobs of middle-aged moms and frightening harridans we shall prevail.”She nodded sharply, raising an invisible sword. “And damned be he—she—who cries, ‘Hold, enough!’”“Misquote Shakespeare in front of Samuel, I dare you,” I told her, and she laughed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you fail to control your thought, your thought will never fail to control you! Master the art of controlling your thought better and your thought will control you better
Connor Franta, Note to Self|today my heart was ripped in twoone half for me, one half for you take a half and keep it neari have mine and will always be here crossing paths before the endonce a lover, forever a friend
Junaid Raza|When weakness becomes power, it leads you to success.
Debasish Mridha|Just like you can’t reap a harvest without planting seeds, so you can’t get without giving.
Eliyahu M. Goldratt, The Goal: A Process of Ongoing Improvement|More importantly, our software worked. I don't just mean that it didn't bump, or that it performed according to the written specifications, or that it was efficient in producing reports. It really worked
Stephen Richards, The Secret of Getting Started: Strategies to Triumph over Procrastination|Shine bright, be yourself.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|Usually when we hear or read something new, we just compare it to our own ideas. If it is the same, we accept it and say that it is correct. If it is not, we say it is incorrect. In either case, we learn nothing.
Treasure Stitches|I've got plenty.” Isabelle smiled, kicking her feet up so that her anklets jingled like Christmas bells. "These, for instance. The left one is gold, which is poisonous to demons, and the right one is blessed iron, in case I run across any unfriendly vampires or even faeries, faeries hate iron. They both have strength runes carved into them, so I can pack a hell of a kick. ""Demon hunting and fashion," Clary said. "I never would have thought they went together.
Alain Ducasse|If I had the choice to travel to two places in Europe, it would be Paris and London.
C. JoyBell C.|I don't understand dating.. and the other things that people do.. all I know is that you ought to find the one you recognize. The one who gives you four arms, four legs, four eyes, and has the other half of your heart. There's only one of those, so what are all the other things for? Like dating?
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|On close inspection, we shall find that religion, and not fear, has ever been the cause of the long-lived prosperity of an absolute government.
Haruki Murakami, The Elephant Vanishes|Okay, let’s put it this way. I would like to sleep with you. But it’s alright if I don’t sleep with you. What I’m saying is I’d like to be as fair as possible. I don’t want to force anything on anybody, any more than I’d want anything forced on me. It’s enough that I feel your presence or see your commas swirling around me.
Anne Frank|Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Joan Didion|She knew all the indices to the idle lonely, never bought a small tube of toothpaste, never dropped a magazine in her shopping card.
Pam Gems|War can only be abolished through war, and in order to get rid of the gun it is necessary to take up the gun.
Yiyun Li, Dear Friend, from My Life I Write to You in Your Life|Dat's a some joke, Hey Boss.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Vasudeva listened with great attention. Listening carefully, he leteverything enter his mind, birthplace and childhood, all that learning,all that searching, all joy, all distress. This was among theferryman's virtues one of the greatest: like only a few, he knew howto listen. Without him having spoken a word, the speaker sensed howVasudeva let his words enter his mind, quiet, open, waiting, how hedid not lose a single one, awaited not a single one with impatience,did not add his praise or rebuke, was just listening. Siddhartha felt,what a happy fortune it is, to confess to such a listener, to burry inhis heart his own life, his own search, his own suffering.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|But beauty, real beauty, ends where an intellectual expression begins. Intellect is in itself a mode of exaggeration, and destroys the harmony of any face.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Be patient, persistent and above all, believe.
John Flanagan|You can't help respecting anybody who can spell TUESDAY, even if he doesn't spell it right; but spelling isn't everything. There are days when spelling Tuesday simply doesn't count.
G.K. Chesterton|It is the modern literature of the educated, not of the uneducated, which is avowedly and aggressively criminal..The vast mass of humanity, with their vast mass of idle books and idle words, have never doubted and never will doubt that courage is splendid, that fidelity is noble, that distressed ladies should be rescued, and vanquished enemies spared. There are a large number of cultivated persons who doubt these maxims of daily life.
Christina Engela|The coining of their new catch-phrase 'homophiliac' displayed in contrast to 'homophobic' was rather amusing, though to think that they believe it means anything different to 'homophobic' is just facetious. It's like someone trying to create a difference in definition between 'genocide' and 'ethnic cleansing' - or to make the one look better or less reprehensible than the other.
Lou Andreas-Salomé|The closer two people stand to each other inwardly, the more readily they become for each other the condition under which alone their two beings find expression.
Annie Dillard|I think it would be well, and proper, and obedient, and pure, to grasp your one necessity and not let it go, to dangle from it limp wherever it takes you.
Sarah Strohmeyer, The Cinderella Pact|I believe that within every one of us is a woman of undiscovered beauty, a woman who is charming and talented and light of heart
Italo Calvino, Difficult Loves|Don't you ever get tired of reading?" she asked. "You could hardly be called good company! Don't you know that, with women, you're supposed to make conversation?" she added; her half smile was perhaps meant to be ironic, though to Amedeo, who at that moment would have paid anything rather than give up his novel, it seemed downright threatening.
Russell Means, Where White Men Fear to Tread: The Autobiography of Russell Means|In fact, there is nothing so easily remade as our definitions of ourselves.
James Comey|We do have a two against one rule. If two sisters feel very strongly about a design or trend we want to try, we go for it.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|We believe in ordinary acts of bravery, in the courage that drives one person to stand up for another.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Abide in the vine, you will bear much fruits.
Plato|Fear is a question: What are you afraid of, and why? Just as the seed of health is in illness, because illness contains information, your fears are a treasure house of self-knowledge if you explore them.
Jorge Luis Borges|One of the schools in Tlön has reached the point of denying time. It reasons that the present is undefined, that the future has no other reality than as present hope, that the past is no more than present memory.
Christine Fonseca, Transcend|Bitterblue had never seen a man naked, and she was curious. She decided the universe owed her a few minutes, just a few, to satisfy her curiosity. So she went to him and knelt, which shut him up.
Robert A. Heinlein, Have Space Suit—Will Travel|I had never been much interested in Pluto, too many facts and too much isolation.
Debasish Mridha|Without poetry, love has no exuberance.
Abhijit Naskar|Teach the children compassion and empathy, for all creatures are born selfish.
Toba Beta|In no man's land, alien is the queen.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|And who among the company at Monseigneur's reception in that seventeen hundred and eightieth year of our Lord, could possibly doubt, that a system rooted in a frizzled hangman, powdered, gold-laced, pumped, and white-silk stockinged, would see the very stars out!
Mary Anne Radmacher|As we work to create light for others, we naturally light our own way.
Amita Trasi, The Color of our Sky|The truth remains quiet inside us,floundering like a battered bird,desperately wanting to spread itswings and fly away.-TARA
Compton Gage|O Lord that bear rule, even we all are full of impiety. And for our sakes peradventure it is that the floors of the righteous are not filled, because of the sins of them that dwell upon the earth.
Steven Erikson, Memories of Ice|We humans do not understand compassion. In each moment of our lives, we betray it. Aye, we know of its worth, yet in knowing we then attach to it a value, we guard the giving of it, believing it must be earned, T’lan Imass. Compassion is priceless in the truest sense of the wold. It must be given freely. In abundance.
Amber L. Johnson|Golden lads and girls all must, like chimmney-sweepers, come to dust.
James Joyce, Ulysses|I am longing to be with you, and by the sea, where we can talk together freely and build our castles in the air.
Gian Kumar|The struggle between God and man breaks out in everyone, together with the longing for reconciliation. Most often this struggle is unconscious and short-lived. A weak soul does not have the endurance to resist the flesh for very long. It grows heavy, becomes flesh itself, and the contest ends. But among responsible men, men who keep their eyes riveted day and night upon the Supreme Duty, the conflict between flesh and spirit breaks out mercilessly and may last until death.
Erik Pevernagie|When a soothing wind blows gently love through the thistledown of expectations, hope may inveigle the future for timeless care and tenderness to be anchored in a bay of good luck. ("Happiness blowing in the wind" )
Valentine Glass, Between Kay and You: A Bisexual Girl's Cumming-of-Age Confession|More than that, the thought rattled uncomfortably in my child brain that I would one day become one of them. My body then was sexless. Though I had seen the curves of adults, I couldn’t fathom the chrysalis that would turn my featureless body into something with heft and gravity, curves and the inclination to use them.
Mark Strong|But when you lose a family member or something tragic happens, that stays with you forever. You never get over it. Knowing that you have to deal with that for the rest of your life... Football is important, but not as important as you once thought it was.
Auliq Ice|I dispute the right of conservatives to be automatically complacent on these points. My own Marxist group took a consistently anti-Moscow line throughout the 'Cold War,' and was firm in its belief that that Soviet Union and its European empire could not last. Very few people believed that this was the case: The best known anti-Communist to advance the proposition was the great Robert Conquest, but he himself insists that part of the credit for such prescience goes to Orwell. More recently, a very exact prefiguration of the collapse of the USSR was offered by two German Marxists, one of them from the West (Hans Magnus Enzensberger) and one from the East (Rudolf Bahro, the accuracy of whose prediction was almost uncanny). I have never met an American conservative who has even heard of, let alone read, either of these authors.
Anna Akhmatova|All's taken away: my love and my power.The body, thrown into city it hates,Finds no joy in the sunlight. With every hourThe blood grows colder in my veins.
Ron Gutman|Winning the World Cup was very special because it meant so much to so many. One thing about our country that is constant is cricket. The smile it brought to people's faces was the thing I shall always remember. It reminded me, reminded all of us, of our importance to the lives of the Indian people less lucky than we are.
Joan D. Chittister, In a High Spiritual Season|Spirituality without a prayer life is no spirituality at all, and it will not last beyond the first defeats. Prayer is an opening of the self so that the Word of God can break in and make us new. Prayer unmasks. Prayer converts. Prayer impels. Prayer sustains us on the way. Pray for the grace it will take to continue what you would like to quit.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|You cynical shit," he told himself. Then he started to weep."Don't be so fucking sentimental," Crake used to tell him. But why not? Why shouldn't he be sentimental? It wasn't as if there was anyone around to question his 
Robert Reed|In science, the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not to whom the idea first occurs.
Fabrice Luchini|I'm interested in all forms of performance, yet I think it's difficult to be as equally talented in all of them as they call for such different skills. At the moment, I still feel I'm learning and want as much experience and variety as possible.
Brandon Gray, The Soulstealer's Child|Love is more than desire. It’s more than passion and moonlight and poetry. Love is a choice you make; it’s things you do. Love is holding hands when your wife’s morning sickness is so bad she wants to die. It’s forgiving when you’re mad, and listening to her when you want to talk. It’s rubbing her feet when she’s tired and you want a whole lot more. It’s seeing each other at your worst and choosing to overlook what you know is true because you believe they can be better. It’s doing the right thing for the other person. Even when it’s hard. Especially when it’s hard. That is love, Jaime.
Dan Alatorre|Who do I think would appreciate my book?I’m surprised anybody does. Oops, did I say that out loud?
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|The walls that caged me were not of this world, but were within my mind.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|Turing presented his new offering in the form of a thought experiment, based on a popular Victorian parlor game. A man and a woman hide, and a judge is asked to determine which is which by relying only on the texts of notes passed back and forth.Turing replaced the woman with a computer. Can the judge tell which is the man? If not, is the computer conscious? Intelligent? Does it deserve equal rights?It's impossible for us to know what role the torture Turing was enduring at the time played in his formulation of the test. But it is undeniable that one of the key figures in the defeat of fascism was destroyed, by our side, after the war, because he was gay. No wonder his imagination pondered the rights of strange creatures.
John Niven, Kill Your Friends|The notion of children makes me ill. The thought of having one... when you see those guys in the supermarket, wheeling the trolley around while their brats whine and wheedle and some blundering sow questions every little thing they take off the shelves. I mean, just the fucking idea of it, the very word: family. Whenever I see it, on travel brochures, on house schedules... I feel sick.
Bruce Robinson, Withnail and I: the Original Screenplay|Those with the money are eccentric. Those without, insane.
Megan Jacobson, The Build-up Season|Doing goodness, but doing goodness only is the best and the most superior religion of all the times!
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Compassion, acceptance and LOVE is the cure to MOST of the issues that plague this world.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|If I guess your secret, will you tell me if I'm right?" His father laughed but didn't answer.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|I do not know by what extraordinary mental accident modern writers so constantly connect the idea of progress with the idea of independent thinking. Progress is obviously the antithesis of independent thinking. For under independent or individualistic thinking, every man starts at the beginning, and goes, in all probability, just as far as his father before him. But if there really be anything of the nature of progress, it must mean, above all things, the careful study and assumption of the whole of the past.
Hilari Bell, Crown of Earth|I do give them to you," he announced. "Of my free will. Because this is my sword." He laid a hand on Arisa's shoulder. "And Weasle is my shield. What you hold are only pieces of iron.
David Gilmour|As a company grows, communication becomes its biggest challenge.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Most of my kin are bastards," [Tyrion] said with a wry smile, "but you're the first I've had to friend.
F. H. Bradley|This is not a country that has had a tremendous sympathy for poor people, so I think that the notion that somehow we have slipped into an era in which poor people don't matter is not quite the way our history would define it.
Etgar Keret, The Seven Good Years|Flights are expansive moments when the phone doesn't ring and the Internet doesn't work. The maxim that flying time is wasted time liberates me from my anxieties and guilt feelings, and it strips me of all ambitions, leaving room for a different sort of existence. A happy, idiotic existence, the kind that doesn't try to make the most of time but is satisfied with merely finding the most enjoyable way to spend it.
Debasish Mridha|The more you appreciate the things of beauty all around you, the more beautiful things will fill your life.
Amit Kalantri|There is no truth I hate, it is blinded by rage.
Tracey Bond|What brought you here isn't your fault. We human beings have to live each day to its fullest and do our best in whatever environment we find ourselves in. There's no need to feel any shame just because your "fullest" and "best" look different from those of others.
Amanda Fieldsend, One from the Sea|One of the greatest gifts that God gives to each of us is the love we share with our family, friends, and fellowmen. It is this divine gift of love that enriches us, gives meaning and purpose to life, and makes it all worth living. Everything else in life is secondary. Everything. And when our time here on earth is over, our lives will not be measured by the riches we accumulate, the honors we receive, the degrees we acquire, or the professional success we achieve, but by our capacity to love and be loved.
David McRaney, You Are Not So Smart: Why You Have Too Many Friends on Facebook, Why Your Memory Is Mostly Fiction, and 46 Other Ways You're Deluding Yourself|Every day you feel like you can't control the forces affecting your fate-your job,the government,your addiction,your depression,your money. So you stage micro-revolts. You customise your ringtone,you paint your room,you collect stamps. You choose.Choices,even small ones,can hold back the crushing weight of helplessness,but you can't stop there. You must fight back your behavoir and learn to fail with pride. Failing often is the only way to ever get the things you want out of life. Besides death your destiny is not inescapable.You are not so smart,but you are smarter than dogs and rats. Don't give in yet.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|Church didn't answer that. Instead he said, "The darkness is all around us. Very few people have the courage to light a candle against it.""I'm not that kind of idea
George Orwell, Animal Farm|Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself.
Rachel Van Dyken, Fearless|My heart feels strong for you, my desire isn’t just to marry you and let this be our moment, Kiersten. I want to marry you and create a million moments every single day.
Karen Hancock, The Shadow Within|If only [there] really was a door and [you] could walk through it into another life, where threads didn't snarl and stitches didn't go all tight and tiny. Where people loved you and didn't leave you for someone else.
John Wesley|The work of healing is not my work, but by faith, healing is done. The work of deliverance, great and mighty deliverance, is not my work but is my faith in Him. It is not the works of righteousness which I have done, but according to His grace. I am a product of His grace.
Jennifer McMahon, Don't Breathe a Word|Once you tell somebody a story, you are all in the same world and you can all speak to each other about the same things and understand the same things.
Edward Hirsch|Poetry is a form of necessary speech... I have sought to restore the aura of sacred practice that accompanies true poetic creation, to honor both the rational and the irrational elements of poetry.
Donna Lynn Hope|With the persistence of data, there is, too, the persistence of people. If you friend someone as a ten-year-old, it takes positive action to unfriend that person. In principle, everyone wants to stay in touch with the people they grew up with but social networking makes the idea of "people from one's past" close to an anachronism. Corbin reaches for a way to express his discomfort. he says "For the first time, people will stay your friends. It makes it harder to let go of your life and move on." Sanjay, sixteen, who wonders if he will be "writing on my friends' walls when I'm a grown-up," sums up his misgivings: "For the first time people can stay in touch with people all of their lives. But it used to be good that people could leave their high school friends behind and take on new identities.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Each affects the other, and the other affects the next, and the world is full of stories, but the stories are all one.
Grant McLachlan|Many opportunities are missed, since we fail to give it a try.
Natasha Tsakos|Let’s create positive change on this planet; With either: the hyper sophisticated tools we have, or the mobile device we are
Connie Willis, Passage|I’ve never had a rat, never chased one. I chase my own tail and that’s enough. I must now make plans for the day I catch it.
Charles Bukowski, Play the Piano Drunk Like a Percussion Instrument Until the Fingers Begin to Bleed a Bit|Outcasts, callused from being in exile for too long, learn to thrive on being the hated; the attention and infamy of our actions fuel us to become antiheroes. Too often do we forget: we risk self-destruction if we fail to follow what we know is right; our talents too often become misplaced, misdirected, misguided from what could have been something wonderful.
AainaA-Ridtz|If you truly want LOVE to enter your Heart, you HAVE to give a DAMN about what's going on around you!!
Thomas Campbell|With every drop of water you drink, every breath you take, you're connected to the sea. No matter where on Earth you live. Most of the oxygen in the atmosphere is generated by the sea.
Kathryn Stockett, Paix ? L?exposition|Life is short, precious, and should not be wasted. Everyone has a chance at it. We’re equals after all. There are no pawns, no kings, and no queens. We’re all humans and we all have the same value.
Jenna Dewan|My mom always taught me - you know, little boys listen to their moms too much - that whatever you put into something is what you're going to get out of it.
Khalil al-Sakakini|All my moral and intellectual being is penetrated by an invincible conviction that whatever falls under the dominion of our senses must be in nature and, however exceptional, cannot differ in its essence from all the other effects of the visible and tangible world of which we are a self-conscious part. The world of the living contains enough marvels and mysteries as it is—marvels and mysteries acting upon our emotions and intelligence in ways so inexplicable that it would almost justify the conception of life as an enchanted state. No, I am too firm in my consciousness of the marvelous to be ever fascinated by the mere supernatural which . . . is but a manufactured article, the fabrication of minds insensitive to the intimate delicacies of our relation to the dead and to the living, in their countless multitudes; a desecration of our tenderest memories; an outrage on our dignity.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|Away from the bright motion of the party, she carried her sadness like a dark stone clenched in her palm.
Dana Marie Bell, Noble Blood|What if all those strange and unexplainable bends in history were the result of supernatural interference? At which point I asked myself, what's the weirdest most eccentric historical phenomenon of them all? Answer:the Great British Empire. Clearly, one tiny little island could only conquer half the known world with supernatural aid. Those absurd Victorian manners and ridiculous fashions were obviously dictated by vampires. And, without a doubt, the British army regimental system functions on werewolf pack dynamics.
Isabel Allende, The House of the Spirits|But these few are the salt of the earth; without them, human life would become a stagnant pool. Not only is it they who introduce good things which did not before exist, it is they who keep the life in those which already existed.
Dmitry Glukhovsky, Metro 2033|El ser humano ha sido siempre un asesino muy superior al resto de criaturas".
Mae West|You don't go into anything contemplating failure, because if you did, you wouldn't make it.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|So, am I some sort of Savior? Not hardly. Save yourself the worry about needing to be saved from anything.
Ronnie Musgrove|I was named after my Jewish grandfather who left Poland early in the 20th century. What I knew from an early age was that he had lived most of his life in England, his Jewish wife had died, and he married a non-Jewish woman who was my grandmother.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|Do you believe in eternity?We will encounter each other again and again, as the time goes by, as we change form, we will fall in love and tied together.We are on top of a never-ending circle, each doesn't have a beginning or an ending.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Who are we really? Combinations of common chemicals that perform mechanical actions for a few years before crumbling back into the original components? Fresh new souls, drawn at random for some celestial cupboard where God keeps an unending supply?Or the same soul, immortal and eternal, refurbished and reused through endless lives, by that thrifty Housekeeper? In Her wisdom and benevolence She wipes off the memory slates, as part of the cleaning process, because if we could remember all the things we have experienced in earlier lives, we might object to risking it again.
Howard Schultz|There is just a lot of creativity and theatricality in performers who happen to be gay. Maybe there's a success in numbers, so by the law of averages we are going to get these jobs.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|If I ever form a clan, we'll be the anti-cheerleaders and walk under the bleacher forming mild acts of mayhem.
Jason Fried|One day Augustus asked Newt to ride along with him, much to Newt’s surprise. In the morning they saw a grizzly, but the bear was far upwind and didn’t scent them. It was a beautiful day—no clouds in the sky. Augustus rode with his big rifle propped across the saddle—he was in the highest of spirits. They rode ahead of the herd some fifteen miles or more, and yet when they stopped to look back they could still see the cattle, tiny black dots in the middle of the plain, with the southern horizon still far behind them.
N. R. Narayana Murthy|I have seen in the Halls of Congress more idealism, more humanness, more compassion, more profiles of courage than in any other institution that I have ever known.
Camille Paglia, Sexual Personae: Art and Decadence from Nefertiti to Emily Dickinson|[H]ow the force of one's adolescent curiosity and incipient lust often must war with the need to protect oneself from disgusting and wicked violators, how pleasure can coexist with awful degradation without meaning the degradation was justified or a species of wish fulfillment; how it feels to be both accomplice and victim; and how such ambivalences can live on in an adult sexual life.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|But as long as something is never even started, you never have to worry about it ending. It has endless potential.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Desire, believe and receive it.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|I advise, however, moderation in this task of setting goals, or else risk becoming tangled up in a Gordian knot of life’s many disappointments.
Narciso Rodriguez|The lesson of travel seems to be so banal, but so great, which is that people are just so amazingly decent the world over. Given the disparity of income and wealth, it's amazing not just that you don't get robbed everywhere - it's amazing you don't get eaten.
Devania Annesya, Queen: Ingin Sekali Aku Berkata Tidak|A single bead of water rolled along the length of his spine and glided down the powerful lines of his body. Mariel moistened her lips and watched its seductive descent, overwhelmed with the temptation to trace its path with the tip of her tongue.
Mehmet Murat ildan|As the bell rang he would look back at the departing year. He always found it a moving experience. Sometimes he was racked by sorrow and regret. Even when the sentimentality of the announcers repelled him, the tolling of the bells echoed in his heart.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Insist on yourself; never imitate. Your own gift you can offer with the cumulative force of a whole life's cultivation, but of the adopted talent of another, you have only an extemporaneous, half possession.
Hanif Kureishi, The Nothing|To awaken to the living dream within one’s life and remain awake in a world trying to lull everyone to sleep involves repeated struggle, yet also presents something truly worth fighting for.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|That seductive aroma of unchecked power was more than enough to commit genocide and mass sexual assault while unashamedly carrying their nation’s flag draped around a crucifix. People completely devoid of introspection, flaunting their entitlement and a self-importance that masked an endless pit of dejection that demanded more gold, land, and power. The Spanish crown was a plague of miserable dimensions for Chamorros.
Munia Khan|When I ache to live, my mind loves to stay with the peaceful whiteness of a pigeon’s care...in boundless amity..
Patricia Highsmith, Carol|If God made gay people, then did God not intend them to be gay? Did the Potter's hand slip?
Nikki Rowe|You won't find me dancing in a club at night but you will find me climbing mountains to see the sunrise, with a glimmer of hope and a smile on my face ~ this is life baby and freedom fills my days.
Paul C. Vitz, The Self: Beyond the Postmodern Crisis|It never meant anything, Moses says. Not to the god above it and not to the earth below it. It never did. Not even when they first did it. But it’s the doin it that counts. It’s something. You draw imaginary lines. That’s what you do.The Vestal looks at him kindly, a smile on her lips that seems affectionate--even maybe admiring.Then what do you do with the lines? she asks.And Moses looks at her straight and true. He says:Then you pick one side or the other and you stand there.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|C'mon. We can turn it into a fun game - What's Scarier, The Basement Or The Attic?
Darrell Drake, A Star-Reckoner's Lot|Ashtadukht slumped and let thenightingale’s song flood her brain. She knew that empty tone, that defeatedoutlook; she knew it intimately. Even now, it burned in her as limply as asnuffed flame. Passion burned with unchecked verve, devoured its fuel, andsputtered out. Despair required no upkeep; it heaped barely-glowing coals inthe back of your mind and fuelled itself.
Sandra Bullock|With my divorce, and even during the end of my marriage before it even got publicly bad, how I decided to cope with things was to go on the treadmill for an hour.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you study the rhythm of life on this planet, you will find that everything moves in perfect symphony with everything else — by grand divine design. The earth has the ability to heal and regenerate itself, just as our oceans have the ability to replenish themselves by turning over their debris with the waves to wash them ashore. This perfect orchestration of the cycle of life is one of the Creator's greatest and most beautiful miracles. The earth will continue to exist with or without us. So the real concern should be, will we be able to continue to co-exist with each other?
Jacob Nordby|Infancy is the perpetual Messiah, which comes into the arms of fallen men, and pleads with them to return to paradise.
William Shakespeare, Twelfth Night|He could have a break at last, albeit a short one, one he sorely needed. And with that appealing thought he further squelched the subconscious screams, true message lost in the deceptive world of emotion and will.
John Calvin, Institutes of the Christian Religion, 2 Vols|It is now clear that faith is a singular pledge of paternal love, treasured up for the sons whom he has adopted.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair|Peace is the way, not the destination.
Charley Pride, Pride: The Charley Pride Story|Pride costs us more than hunger, thirst, and cold.
Sean Michael, Trust|He had always thought the Holy Grail would be finding a girl who submitted gladly and whole- heartedly to his leadership. Now he saw how much more powerful it was when the surrender was a bit reluctant, when she had to overcome her own strong will before yielding to his. He didn’t want an off-the-shelf submissive after all. He wanted a girl with a mind of her own, whose heart and will had to be tamed, who would submit to him and him alone.
Fred Hampton|I always find it funny when I watch actors talking about, 'I chose to do this part.' A lot of times it's 'you're lucky to get the job.' We're like, 'Thank you so much.'
Washington Irving, The Legend of Sleepy Hollow|Balt Van Tassel was an easy indulgent soul; he loved his daughter better even than his pipe, and, like a reasonable man and an excellent father, let her have her way in everything.
Roberta Pearce, Famous Penultimate Words|Within this restless, hurried, modern worldWe took our hearts' full pleasure - You and I,And now the white sails of our ship are furled,And spent the lading of our argosy.Wherefore my cheeks before their time are wan,For very weeping is my gladness fled,Sorrow has paled my young mouth's vermilion,And Ruin draws the curtains of my bed.But all this crowded life has been to theeNo more than lyre, or lute, or subtle spellOf viols, or the music of the seaThat sleeps, a mimic echo, in the shell.
Diane Wakoski|That sense of a life in natural objects, which in most poetry is but a rhetorical artifice, was, then, in Wordsworth the assertion of what was for him almost literal fact.
Kenkō Hōshi (Yoshida Kenkō)|What happiness to sit in intimate conversation with someone of like mind, warmed by candid discussion of the amusing and fleeting ways of this world ... but such a friend is hard to find, and instead you sit there doing your best to fit in with whatever the other is saying, feeling deeply alone.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|When a man takes a mistress, he doesn't turn around and divorce his wife.
Scott Turow|Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.
Elvis Mitchell|Two nations between whom there is no intercourse and no sympathy; who are as ignorant of each other's habits, thoughts, and feelings, as if they were dwellers in different zones, or inhabitants of different planets. The rich and the poor.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|A mother is always a mother, since a mother is a biological fact, whilst a father is a movable feast.
Ben Mitchell|Don't ever be afraid to show who you really are, because as long as you are happy with yourself, no one else's opinion matters.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|Give me my Romeo. And when I shall die,Take him and cut him out in little stars,And he will make the face of heaven so fineThat all the world will be in love with nightAnd pay no worship to the garish sun.
Brigid Pasulka, A Long, Long Time Ago and Essentially True|If everyone knows so much about it, why do they need to make a documentary?
Elmore Leonard|It's not given to people to judge what's right or wrong. People have eternally been mistaken and will be mistaken, and in nothing more than in what they consider right and wrong.
John F. Kennedy|I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute - where no Catholic prelate would tell the President (should he be Catholic) how to act, and no Protestant minister would tell his parishioners for whom to vote - where no church or church school is granted any public funds or political preference - and where no man is denied public office merely because his religion differs from the President who might appoint him or the people who might elect him.I believe in an America that is officially neither Catholic, Protestant nor Jewish - where no public official either requests or accepts instructions on public policy from the Pope, the National Council of Churches or any other ecclesiastical source - where no religious body seeks to impose its will directly or indirectly upon the general populace or the public acts of its officials - and where religious liberty is so indivisible that an act against one church is treated as an act against all.
Pema Chödrön|Greater in battlethan the man who would conquera thousand-thousand men,is he who would conquerjust one —himself.Better to conquer yourselfthan others.When you've trained yourself,living in constant self-control,neither a deva nor gandhabba,nor a Mara banded with Brahmas,could turn that triumphback into defeat.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|This was once Mazama, I kept reminding myself. This was once a mountain that stood nearly 12,000 feet tall and then had its heart removed. This was once a wasteland of lava and pumice and ash. This was once an empty bowl that took hundreds of years to fill. But hard as I tried, I couldn't see them in my mind's eye. Not the mountain or the wasteland or the empty bowl. They simply were not there anymore. There was only the stillness and the silence of that water: what a mountain and a wasteland and an empty bowl turned into after the healing process.
Stephanie Meyer|We must remember that regardless of our differences in rank we are all equal as human beings. You can always tell how caring and compassionate others are in their actions towards those "below" them. Of course you are going to treat your black belt professor kindly, but how do you treat the white belt taking their first class? In spite of the division in belt rank there must be no division as people.
Honeysuckle Weeks|If I was sad or afraid, I would sit in a corner and sing. If I was happy I would jump into the middle of the room and sing. It was how I expressed my emotions.
Meg Cabot, Ninth Key|It's kind of depressing, if you think about it. I mean, me being so young, and yet so cynical and suspicious.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Philip wooed me with all the patience of someone trying to coax a half-wild animal into the house and, like many a stray, I found myself domesticated before I thought to resist.
Rachel Robins, How To Feel Good About Yourself - Boost Your Confidence & Tackle Low Self Esteem. Packed with Self Improvement Techniques, Positive Thinking Tips & Inspirational Quotes|Saying thanks to the world, and acknowledging your own accomplishments, is a great way to feel good and stay positive.
|Don't go into a relationship with an empty heart, and expect your partner to complete it for you. No heart can ever be complete without the presence of unconditional self-love.
Mark T. Barnes, The Obsidian Heart|Mrs Beaumont shrugged. ‘Dougie travelled light in life,’ she said. ‘He knew it was people who were important.
Sara Nović, Girl at War|The other dangerous delusion from which those who are wilfully or otherwise blind to realities suffer, is summed up in the word "integration." To be integrated into a population means to become for all practical purposes indistinguishable from its other members.Now, at all times, where there are marked physical differences, especially of colour, integration is difficult though, over a period, not impossible. There are among the Commonwealth immigrants who have come to live here in the last fifteen years or so, many thousands whose wish and purpose is to be integrated and whose every thought and endeavour is bent in that direction.But to imagine that such a thing enters the heads of a great and growing majority of immigrants and their descendants is a ludicrous misconception, and a dangerous one.
Tom Wolfe, The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test|What do you mean, blindly? That baby is a very sentient creature… That baby sees the world with a completeness that you and I will never know again. His doors of perception have not yet been closed. He still experiences the moment he lives in.
William Temple|I'm healthy now. I probably wouldn't say I'm at my best fitness level and I haven't played that much lately, but I'm healthy and that's all that matters.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Loving what you do doesn’t mean you are never going to be faced with trials. It rather means, you are highly qualified to persist, persevere and endure till the end because you are enthusiastic about seeing the joyous end.
Dave Eggers, How the Water Feels to the Fishes|She needs a new journal. The one she has is problematic. To get to the present, she needs to page through the past, and when she does, she remembers things, and her new journal entries become, for the most part, reactions to the days she regrets, wants to correct, rewrite.
Craig DiLouie|Housing projects can seem like labyrinths to outsiders, as complicated and intimidating as a Moroccan bazaar. But we knew our way around.
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land and Other Writings|You gave me hyacinths first a year ago;	They called me the hyacinth girl.'	 —Yet when we came back, late, from the Hyacinth garden,	 Your arms full, and your hair wet, I could not	 Speak, and my eyes failed, I was neither	 Living nor dead, and I knew nothing,	 Looking into the heart of light, the silence.	 Od' und leer das Meer.
Steven Magee|I regard taking healthy sea level adapted children to the 13,796 feet very high altitude summit of Mauna Kea as a form of child abuse.
Confucius|Without feelings of respect, what is there to distinguish men from beasts?
Keith Haring|When artists make art, they shouldn't question whether it is permissible to do one thing or another.
Jack Sparrow|You ought to explore, search and seek the unlimited possibilities in life
Anna Deavere Smith|I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself.'
Katelyn S. Bolds|Everyone's on the cliff edge of normal. Everyone finds life an utter nightmare sometimes, and there's no 'normal' way of dealing with it... There is no normal, Evelyn.
Shelle Sumners, Grace Grows|I loved the story but also enjoyed the format of the book, which includes e-mail messages. Janice L. Jones
Jesse Ventura|I love my country, not my government.
Leinad Eibam, Published Poet|To truly strip a man of everything, one must take away his money, community, and the core of his beliefs until he is bathed in the agony of isolation.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|Matthews' shout of treason in the House was no random outburst of lunacy, but the last act in an astonishing adventure: one that might indeed have changed the history of Europe. But by this point there was no-one left to confirm the truth of the story. Most of the witnesses were dead, and those who were alive were not interested in talking.
Alicia Cook, Stuff I've Been Feeling Lately|If you are lucky enough to have a childhoodfriend, try your hardest to grow old with them.These friends are a unique, irreplaceable breed.These friends lived through curfews andPolaroid pictures with you. These friends knowyour parents and siblings because they had to callyour house first to speak with you. Your memoriesare not frozen in time on social media, but live onnonetheless.Most importantly, they remember the personyou were before the world got ahold of you, sothey have this crazy ability to love you no matterwhat.They are the living, breathing reflection ofwhere you have been. And so, just when you thinkyou’ve lost yourself for good, they are there tobring you face-to-face with your true self, simplyby sharing a cup of coffee with them.As your world grows and becomes larger andmore complicated than your backyard, even if youestablish a life elsewhere, I hope your childhoodfriends remain lifelong allies, because mine havesaved my life on more than one occasion.
Hillary DePiano, New Year's Thieve|MOTHER TIME: The past is always with us, dear, for better or worse. It is what it is and you can't change it. All you can do is learn how to live with it in the present.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|But what was good tween us must have been nothing but bodies, she say. Cause I don't know the Albert that don't dance, can't hardly laugh, never talk bout nothing, beat you and hid your sister Nettie's letters. Who he?
Epictetus, The Art of Living: The Classical Manual on Virtue, Happiness and Effectiveness|Remember, it is not enough to be hit or insulted to be harmed, you must believe that you are being harmed. If someone succeeds in provoking you, realize that your mind is complicit in the provocation. Which is why it is essential that we not respond impulsively to impressions; take a moment before reacting, and you will find it easier to maintain control.
Tahereh Mafi, Shatter Me|A stylized sun and moon, joined by a horizontal bar, floated above a country divided in two by a river that snaked between them.
Drew Busby|To see how Christ was prophesied and described therein, consider and mark, how that the kid or lamb must be with out spot or blemish; and so was Christ only of all mankind, in the sight of God and of his law.
Damien Hirst|Authoritarianism, an unrealistic occidental imagination - these issues will never be settled. Turkey will continue to take Europe as a model; it will continue to pursue its search for democracy.
Joseph Butler|When Kate was born, she was born into a world of joy and happiness and confidence. The difference between the children is night and day. She's happy, she's thriving, she's full of self-confidence. I tell her she's beautiful every day before I send her off to school.
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|To get the most out of the relationship you are in, it won't be helpful to listen to the ego's stories about it. They will only bring separation and conflict. Essence would tell a different story about your loved one. It would probably be something like: "This person is in my life for me to love to the best of my ability. Let's see what happens if I do that." As Essence, we are here to serve others and serve life. The ego, on the other hand, is all about serving itself.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|We’re going down to the Margarita Grill to smell the lobster, then we’re going to watch the sunrise, and in between we’ll probably have hot, unsafe animal sex.
Tony Dungy|What I think is so amazing about having everything, and feeling like I have everything, is that I don't really find happiness within materialistic things. Like, it's cool if I can buy myself a new car, and I think it's amazing for a week, but then the thrill is over, and I'm like, 'Oh, so I guess that wasn't really happiness.'
Mark Hyman|The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.
Rashida Jones|Old as she was, she still missed her daddy sometimes.
Rolf Gates Katrina Kenison|Matter is a medium of communication between minds, and everything that exists in the mind can also exist in the body. Furthermore, the body—being the expression of a mental state is developed as a manifestation of the mind.
Marcia Lebhar|The Israelites in the desert found that hoarded manna rotted. They were permitted no bank accounts and no insurance policies. God is enough. He will be tomorrow who he was today. Later, through Jeremiah (Jeremiah 2:13) God chastises Israel for digging cisterns next to streams of living water, hedging their bets just in case God forgets to be God...or neglects to be good. God is enough. Will he not be tomorrow who he has been today?
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Not every puzzle is intended to be solved. Some are in place to test your limits. Others are, in fact, not puzzles at all...
Debasish Mridha|A person who can understand, appreciate, and sing along with a tree has a deeper perception on life.
Adeosun Olamide|My dear, a little smile, a little courtesy, a little kindness is what beauty entails. Some are not roses, some are oranges.
Sonya Hartnett, Surrender|If I told you, you might be forced to lie about it. Not that you aren't really good at it, but why put an old man in that position?
Eckhart Tolle|Every public speaker likes his hearer to imagine his oratory as an unpremeditated gift of nature, and not the result of prolonged and patient study [Lionel Logue said]
Thomas Wolfe|People who have tried it, tell me that a clear conscience makes you very happy and contented; but a full stomach does the business quite as well, and is cheaper, and more easily obtained.
Mark S. Hertzog|Never fails. Every new book I write seems impossible, writes like I'm typing from dictation, edits like I didn't write it, and finishes like I couldn't possibly have written it.
Charles Caleb Colton|Men are freest when they are most unconscious of freedom. The shout is a rattling of chains, always was.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|The higher a man stands on the social ladder, the greater the number of people he is connected with, the more power he has over other people, the more obvious is the predestination and inevitability of his every action.
Kristen Henderson|I dream for an absentee and oft maligned device—the accident-maker, the soul-taker, my camera; its factory guaranteedthird eye, without which I am duly dimand memory denied. No picturesfor my contrived Arbus to declare, excepting some stitch of Sextonmanages these sentences of despair.
Hanimoz Obey|i DO NOT WHY BUT i KEEP THINKING OF YOU, WHAT DID YOU EVER DO TO ME?I have tried na nikashindwa kukudelete from my system, IMEKATAA.i KNOW YOU HAVE TRIED TOO, IT LEAVES ME WONDERING WHAT IS THESE.It can only be explained by the gods.
Noel DeJesus|The successes and failures of yesterday are gone, today is a new day.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|[W]ithout the League, you'd be nothing.
Sarah Thornton, Seven Days in the Art World|The contemporary art world is what Tom Wolfe would call a "statusphere." It's structured around nebulous and often contradictory hierarchies of fame, credibility, imagined historical importance, institutional affliction, perceived intelligence, wealth, and attribution such as the size of one's art collection.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Respect? Of course, always, to all, because everything seems funnier when you're trying to show respect.
Frances Hardinge, The Lost Conspiracy|Who am I? The shell-selling Lace girl, the attendant of Lady Arilou, Mother Govrie’s other daughter, the thing of dust, the victim, the revenger, the diplomat, the crowd-witch, the killer, the rescuer, the pirate?I am anything I wish to be. The world cannot choose for me. No, it is for me to choose what the world shall be.
Beth Moore, To Live Is Christ|Someone suddenly had direct, unabashed access to my heart.
Natasha Rendell, Arthur's Cosmic Heaven|If my mother will not go to heaven, I renounce the privilege
Edward St. Aubyn|It is from the death of the social that socialism will emerge, as it is from the death of God that religions emerge.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|I love theologians, they know god cannot speak so they spend their energy trying to explain to us what his silence means
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|As I enlarged my vision to see the bigger picture of my dad’s full life, I was better able to let go of being stuck in memories of its end.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of Time|And hearing her breathe softly by his side, Wells understood that, as so often happened, his wife knew what he wanted so much better than he did, and that if only he had asked her, he could have saved all that time he taken coming to a decision which, in addition, now proved to be the wrong one. Yes, he told himself, sometimes the best way to find out what we want is to choose what we do not want.
Trae Crowder, The Liberal Redneck Manifesto: Draggin' Dixie Outta the Dark|The next day was wonderful...and terrible. So, overall, I guess it was okay.
James Maxey, Dragonforge|I decided long ago that life's absurd. If you don't develop a sense of humor, it will drive you mad.
Hedi Slimane|Hosting the Olympic Games of course guarantees the world's attention, but there is more to it than simply bathing in the global spotlight. Most importantly, host cities can use the opportunity to create a positive and lasting legacy, resulting in both tangible and intangible returns to local communities.
A. Manette Ansay, Vinegar Hill|I should have imagined how ugly life could be without you, how painful without your love and how lonely without your smiles.
Erynn Mangum, Katie in Waiting|Never be content with your work, even if you are good at what you do, look at tightrope walkers – they don't stay in one place for a long time, they keep moving because no matter how confident they are about the efforts and skill set, a strong wind factor can hinder all the efforts. Improve & improvise because this time it was the wind, next time it could be rain, hailstones or sand storms.
Sarvani Rajdeep|As a boy, I remember my father telling me a bedtime story about the day my grandfather was decapitated.
Sesan Kareem|Life is full of beauty, notice it and live your life to the fullest potential. Go after your dreams.
Vivian Gornick, The Odd Woman and the City: A Memoir|My friendship with Leonard began with me invoking the laws of love: the ones that involved the expectancy. "We are one," I decided shortly after we met. "You are me, and I am you, and it is our obligation to save each other." It took me years for me to realize this sentiment was off the mark. What we are, in fact, is a pair of solitary travelers slogging through the country of our lives, meeting up from time to time at the outer limit to give each other border reports.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|Fac quod faciendum est,' " Jo read aloud. "Do what must be done.
Kevin J.  Donaldson|Some business coaches may disagree with me, but I wholeheartedly teach my community to start businesses around what you love doing.
Khloe Kardashian|Religion is a complex and often contradictory force in our world. It fosters hope and comfort but also doubt and guilt. It creates both community and exclusion. It brings societies together around shared belief and tears them apart through war. However, what unites the faithful, whatever their religion, is the unshakeable force of generosity.
Ernie Harwell|Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have - life itself.
Nick Kroll|Revolutionaries were depressed and close to emotional breakdown; after the failure, they left successively.
Louis MacNeice|I accept all interpretations of my films. The only reality is before the camera. Each film I make is kind of a return to poetry for me, or at least an attempt to create a poem.
Barbara Tuchman|[Blinker] Hall, operating on the quaint theory that the Navy might be needed for battle and that whatever increased the ship's efficiency was a criterion for change, had continued trampling on the toes of orthodoxy.
Robert L. Park, Voodoo Science: The Road from Foolishness to Fraud|Society, in fact, often holds it to be a virtue to adhere to certain beliefs in spite of evidence to the contrary. Belief in that which reason denies is associated with steadfastness and courage, while skepticism is often identified with cynicism and weak character. The more persuasive the evidence against a belief, the more virtuous it is deemed to persist in it. We honor faith. Faith can be a positive force, enabling people to persevere in the face of daunting odds, but the line between perseverance and fanaticism is perilously thin. Carried to extremes, faith becomes destructive—the residents of Jonestown for example, or the Heaven’s Gate cult. In both cases, the faith of the believers was tested; in both cases, they passed the test.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|That’s the thing about fear. It can only hang around until faith enters the room, then it’s forced to flee.
Arthur Miller|A good newspaper, I suppose, is a nation talking to itself.
Wendell Berry, Another Turn of the Crank|I take literally the statement in the Gospel of John that God loves the world. I believe that the world was created and approved by love, that it subsists, coheres, and endures by love, and that, insofar as it is redeemable, it can be redeemed only by love. I believe that divine love, incarnate and indwelling in the world. summons the world always toward wholeness, which ultimately is reconciliation and atonement with God.I believe that health is wholeness. For many years I have returned again and again to the work of the English agriculturist SirAlbert Hovvard, who said, in The Soil and Health, that "the whole problem of health in soil, plant, animal, and man [is] one great subject."I am moreover a Luddite, in what I take to be the true and appropriate sense. I am not "against technology" so much as I am for community. When the choice is between the health of a community and technological innovation, I choose the health of the community I would unhesitatingly destroy a machine before I would allow the machine to destroy my community.I believe that the community-in the fullest sense: a place and all its creatures-is the smallest unit of health and that to speak of the health of an isolated individual is a contradiction in terms.
Sōseki Natsume|what we call a home is merely any place that succeeds in making more consistenly available to us the important truths which the wider world ignores, or which our distracted and irresolute selves have trouble holding onto." (p123) Architecture of Happiness
Ellen Ullman|I have a lot of friends who, especially in Tennessee, were looking forward to getting married who wanted to wait until it was legal in the state that they live in to get married.
Christie Brinkley|From the very early stage when I started doing performance art in the '70s, the general attitude - not just me, but also my colleagues - was that there should not be any documentation, that the performance itself is artwork and there should be no documentation.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|The key to the trap is, of course, education. The feminine mystique has made higher education for women seem suspect, unnecessary and even dangerous. But I think that education, and only education, has saved, and can continue to save, American women from the greater dangers of the feminine mystique.
Daniel Suarez|When we care, we share.
Noor Iskandar|I write about myself so you can fathom a personification of sadness. About God because when you asked me if I were religious I told you faith is what I try my darndest to keep dearest. About fear so that I gradually gain perspectives between the night sky and stars. About love because that concept seems out of reach I am not built with the capacity for much. About a leaf falling because tears are pretty much similar. About romance because hope sometimes settles in the dark. About nature because forces are both abstract and concrete it blows the temple in my heart. About loneliness so I can hear you say I am not the only one feeling that way. I write about feelings so I can cope with the fear that they might one day not be able to come again. About hell because there are odds and possibilities. About us because there are odds and possibilities, albeit lesser. About heaven because days are too warm here I hope it rains tonight. I write about death so when it comes it tastes like rain, at night, in heaven. I write about you so perhaps you won't forget to remember me.
Fred Barnett|We won’t be able to sleep without the sound of her self-loathing orgasms crying out into the night." —Bats 2015
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|There is much of our world, we do not see. So, it is easy to assume nothing exciting happens in our quadrant of space, but we are dead wrong. Crazy, impossible things occur all the time. We simply need to know where to look.
Dan Brown, Origin|Now it turns out that a few broadsheet film critics in Britain do indeed belong to a category of people who would have resisted Hitler when he came to power. So the great shame is, clearly film critics should have been running Austria at the time, because Hitler would have represented no problem to them at all. [The Guardian's] Peter Bradshaw would have known exactly what to do, and he would not have been remotely fallible to any Nazi who threatened his life. No, he would have died in heroic acts of individual resistance. So it's a privilege to live among people who enjoy such moral certainty.
John McAfee|I trust and use RakEM for my private messages and calls. Other messengers collected metadata about who I messaged, when and where - RakEM does not collect metadata, encrypts local files, and uses the strongest end-to-end encryption around.
Josh Young|I was 17 when my body started changing, and I worried about what I did wrong. I went through a period where I didn't eat at all. I also had someone who was encouraging me to take diet pills. I pushed myself to the extreme because I woke up one day and had hips - and a butt - and thought, 'Oh my gosh, I'm getting fat!'
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|If you’d saved the girl, you’d be a hero. Next time.
Jeffrey Zeldman|I am passionate about what design can do - how far it can support the new ideas and the new ways of living of this 21st Century. Good design accelerates this exciting future where manufacturing is local, materials and processes are cradle to cradle, business models are both socially and financially driven.
Maverick Myth novel|And in the darkness, he found reality.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Repentance means turning from as much as you know of your sin to give as much as you know of yourself to as much as you know of your God, and as our knowledge grows at these three points so our practice of repentance has to be enlarged.
Nancy Zafris, The Home Jar: Stories|Graceful. Lean. Coordinated as she whirls, though how she knows what dancing is, [her grandfather] could never guess.The song plays on. He lets it go too long. The antenna is still up, probably dimly visible against the sky, the whole attic might as well shine like a beacon. But in the candlelight, in the sweet rush of a concerto, Marie-Laure bites her lower lip, and her face gives off a secondary glow, reminding him of the marshes beyond the town walls, in those winter dusks when the sun has set but isn't fully swallowed, and big patches of red pools of light burn - places he used to go with his brother, in what seems like lifetimes ago.
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|Ya no la quiero, es cierto, pero tal vez la quiero.Es tan corto el amor, y es tan largo el olvido.
Avi Steinberg, Running the Books: The Adventures of an Accidental Prison Librarian|In his library he had been always sure of leisure and tranquility; and though prepared, as he told Elizabeth, to meet with folly and conceit in every other room in the house, he was used to be free from them there
Sunday Adelaja|When we teach people to run after miracles, we make them helpless.
Linda Deir|You'll have more visions and thoughts to prepare you. Your heart's desire shows you the future. We put Angels in the sky to show you that we are in your life, and you are on path.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|He's kissing me and though this is the first time, it feels like recovering a long-forgotten memory. My body seems to say, "Yes, this," and then I'm kissing him back as if I were born to be in his arms. I never realized how tightly guilt and fear had been wound about me until this moment, when they unwind into the air and fly away, leaving me with nothing but this guileless delight.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|That unthinkable, adult truth: that need is not transitive, that one may need without oneself being needed.
Dorothy Day, The Reckless Way of Love: Notes on Following Jesus|Love is an exchange of gifts,' Saint Ignatius had said. It was in these simple, practical, down-to-earth ways that people could show their love for each other. If the love was not there in the beginning, but only the need, such gifts made love grow.
Jamie Lee Curtis|We go into parenting, and we discover that we don't have the answers. We are at a loss.
Kathryn Stockett, The Help|That was the day my whole world went black. Air looked black. Sun looked black. I laid up in bed and stared at the black walls of my house….Took three months before I even looked out the window, see the world still there. I was surprised to see the world didn’t stop.
Albert Camus|Don't you think our society is designed to kill in that way? Of course, you've surely heard about those tiny fish in the rivers of Brazil which attack the swimmer by the thousands, eat him up in a few moments in quick little mouthfuls and leave only a perfectly clean skeleton behind? So, that's the way they're constituted. 'Do you want a clean life, like everyone else?' Of course the answer is yes. How could you not? 'Fine. We'll clean you up. Here's a job, here's a family, here's some organized leisure.' And the little teeth bite into the flesh, right down to the bone. But i'm being unfair. I shouldn't have said, 'the way they're constituted', because after all, it's our way, too: it's a case of who strips whom.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein; or, The Modern Prometheus|I shall die. I shall no longer feel the agonies which now consume me, or be the prey of feelings unsatisfied, yet unquenched ... Some years ago, when the images which this world affords first opened upon me, when I felt the cheering warmth of summer, and heard the rustling of the leaves and the chirping of the birds, and these were all to me, I should have wept to die; now it is my only consolation.
Mahatma Gandhi|People face difficulties, no matter who you are. I faced difficulties with a lot of things. I face opposition every day, but I didn't kill myself and now, thank God, I'm here.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you're quiet, you're not living. You've got to be noisy and colorful and lively.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Never judge someone By the way he looks Or a book by the way it's covered; For inside those tattered pages, There's a lot to be discovered
Toby Frost, Space Captain Smith|Remember you’re all representing your country, and you ought to behave as the Empire does.’ ‘So we can kill and loot at will, steal their goods and claim the planet as our own?’ Suruk said.
David Sheldrick|Being socialized female and spending my life "othered" by this world gives me a unique perspective. In the past, this has felt like shit. In the present, it feels pretty good. In the future I hope somebody loves me enough to watch me age ungracefully.
Goitsemang Mvula|Homelessness is not the result of not having a house, it's lack of a soul in a body.
Giacomo Casanova|I eat soup noodles for comfort. In fact, noodles of any kind. It's a food that is very easy to eat; it's very soothing and comfortable, too. If I could choose any, I'd say buckwheat was my favourite: it has a very good flavour and is healthy, too.
Shannon L. Alder|The Warrior Woman Code:A confident woman doesn't beg a man to stay, cry if they don't or need to tear down other women to be loved. She knows her value. When the person she is meant to be with finds her, that person will know it also. He won't be confused by it. He will fight for her because without her he feels incomplete. She will always be foremost in his mind above anyone else. She doesn't have to scheme to keep or entice him. She is okay walking away from him because she doesn't want to be seen as a choice or a woman that has some potential. She demands to be seen as "the one." To settle for anything less than that is an admission of insecurity and lack of self love.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|Then, I feel it; it was a hot that was like a burning sword, fine, slicing my skin in pieces, and not even my jacket could protect me from the hot. Then it goes, as unexpected like it came, lifting dirt from the floor and a smell I remember, metal, and the only thing it could be: blood.
Diane Wood Middlebrook, Anne Sexton: A Biography|If suffering like hers had any use, she reasoned, it was not to the sufferer. The only way that an individual's pain gained meaning was through its communication to others.
Sondra Faye|Hidden inside every flower are seeds of imagination, destiny and future dreams.
S.N. Goenka|When one experiences truth, the madness of finding fault with others disappears.
Earl Warren|My father has acted in over 700 films. My mother acted in one film, 'Kismat with Mithun Chakraborty,' in which my father also had a role. My father fell in love with her and would drive her around in his sports car, and they subsequently got married. My mom is the most beautiful woman and I think she has taken some serum to look young all her life.
Pooja Ruprell|Where love is absent, violence is a glaring possibility. Introduce love into any situation and violence gradually evaporates.
Albert Camus, The Plague|Silence promotes the presence of God, prevents many harsh and proud words, and suppresses many dangers in the way of ridiculing or harshly judging our neighbors ... If you are faithful in keeping silence when it is not necessary to speak, God will preserve you from evil when it is right for you to talk.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|He looks at me, and I don't know what he sees. I used to think it was Rose. But she's not here with us now, in this room. It's just him and me, and the books. I feel like our lives are in those books. I feel like all the words on the pages are for us.
Glenn Haybittle, The Memory Tree|That you should not be here when something we've both wanted happens is no new thing for me. Today too, as always, you're not here.
Debasish Mridha|Like a rose bud, my heart always desires to bloom and spread the fragrance of love, beauty, and kindness of mankind.
Saint Basil|We should all grow our own food and do our own waste processing, we really should.
Sesan Kareem|The personal development triangle includes, "knowledge" "Skills" and "Attitude." Knowledge is the foundation of all successes. the right skills will take us to great heights of accomplishment within a short period of time. But ultimately, the right attitude of faith, hope, commitment, patience, giving and determination will make anyone a super achiever.
Alison Sweeney|Improvement of civic facilities is among our priorities, and for this purpose, education, health, infrastructure and transport sectors are being improved through revolutionary steps. Citizens will benefit from all these projects, and their living standard will be raised.
Roy  Bennett|Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, knowing something is more important than fear and taking action in the face of fear.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|Seniority has nothing to do with intellectuality, your individuality wins the majority or minority, simply because you maintained the status quo of your peculiarity.
Quran|O mankind, fear your Lord, who created you from one soul and created from it its mate and dispersed from both of them many men and women. And fear Allah , through whom you ask one another, and the wombs. Indeed Allah is ever, over you, an Observer. Quran The Women 4 :1
Mahatma Gandhi|When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it--always.
John Banville, The Sea|We carry the dead with us only until we die too, and then it is we who are borne along for a little while, and then our bearers in their turn drop, and so on into the unimaginable generations.
Nicole Gulla, The Lure of the Moon|Murder doesn’t bother you much, does it?”“Not as much as your endless questions.
Graeme Galton, Forensic Aspects of Dissociative Identity Disorder|But if I feel, may I never express?” “Never!” declared Reason.I groaned under her bitter sternness. Never - never - oh, hard word! This hag, this Reason, would not let me look up, or smile, or hope; she could not rest unless I were altogether crushed, cowed, broken-in, and broken down. According to her, I was born only to work for a piece of bread, to await the pains of death, and steadily through all life to despond. Reason might be right; yet no wonder we are glad at times to defy her, to rush from under her rod and give a truant hour to Imagination - her soft, bright foe, our sweet Help, our divine Hope.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|Oh, poor baby,” she said, mimicking his drawl.“Whew. You’re back. There was this other Susie here a minute ago, and she was really nice to me. She scared the shit out of me.”She laughed. “They locked her back up in the loony bin.”“Good, because there’s only one Susie for me—the one who calls me on my crap and doesn’t let me get away with jack shit. That’s the Susie I need. That’s the Susie I’ve missed coming home to over the last year.” He kissed her. “And that’s the Susie who’s going to leave a gaping hole in my heart and my life if she doesn’t give me another chance.
Richard Branson, Losing My Virginity: How I've Survived, Had Fun, and Made a Fortune Doing Business My Way|Fun is at the core of the way I like to do business and it has been key to everything I've done from the outset. More than any other element, fun is the secret of Virgin's success. I am aware that the ideas of business as being fun and creative goes right against the grain of convention, and it's certainly not how the they teach it at some of those business schools, where business means hard grind and lots of 'discounted cash flows' and net' present values'.
Philip K. Dick, Paycheck and Other Classic Stories|If you can’t change the world with chocolate chip cookies, how can you change the world?
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|The generative function is strictly nothing but an animal one, and can never be anything else. True spirituality demands its utter extirpation; and while its proper exercise for the continuation of the human race, in the semi-animal stage of its evolution, may not be considered sinful, its misuse, in any way, is fraught with the most terrible consequences physically, psychically and spiritually; and the forces connected with it are used for abnormal purposes only in the foulest practices of sorcery, the inevitable result of which is moral death—the annihilation of the individuality.
Coco J. Ginger|I miss your silent stature, your avoided days of disaster, your present state of distress.I’m cinnamon, cloves and fire, you are the rested cedarwood of desire.
Ayad Akhtar|The magic happens when you take facts and figures, features and benefits, decks and PowerPoints - relatively soulless information - and embed them in the telling of a purposeful story. Your 'tell' renders an experience to your audience, making the information inside the story memorable, resonant and actionable.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Are you the fruit of redemption? If yes, then make a delightful noise unto Him.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|No doubt the female self and the male self can be as useful as any other social identity in the right circumstances. But flexible, context-sensitive, and useful is not the same as “hardwired”.
Hillary DePiano, New Year's Thieve|MOTHER TIME: Life goes by so very fast, my dears, and taking the time to reflect, even once a year, slows things down. We zoom past so many seconds, minutes, hours, killing them with the frantic way we live that it's important we take at least this one collective sigh and stop, take stock, and acknowledge our place in time before diving back into the melee. Midnight on New Year's Eve is a unique kind of magic where, just for a moment, the past and the future exist at once in the present. Whether we're aware of it or not, as we countdown together to it, we're sharing the burden of our history and committing to the promise of tomorrow.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|Often the question of, "Who am I?" should be answered with, "Whose am I?
Donna Lynn Hope|I think anyone who opened their heart enough to love without restraint and subsequently were devastated by loss knows that in that moment you are forever changed; a apart of you is no longer whole. Some will never again love with that level of abandon where life is perceived as innocent and the threat of loss seems implausible. Love and loss, therefore, are linked.
Lee R. Edwards, Woman: An Issue|. . since [no] women whose acquaintance I had made in fiction had much to do with the life I led or wanted to lead, I was not female. . . . if Molly Bloom was a woman. what was I? A mutant or a dinosaur.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|Maybe I'll really try to kiss her, even if I fall through her like a raindrop.
Brit Bennett, The Mothers|It was strange learning the contours of another’s loneliness. You could never know it all at once; like stepping inside a dark cave, you felt along the walls, bumped into jagged edges.
Tina Gabrielle|For her, their romantic interlude atop the staircase had been a glorious, magical, enlightening introduction to pleasure. For him,it had merely been Friday evening.
indonesia123|Sweet wine makes drunk, sour wine (insult) is "tetelestai". Life is not about what we have done and become, but how God to be fully glorified.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Word-centered people who enter counseling will be more likely follow the guidance set out in Scripture. Because they know more of the depth of their sin, they are more willing to allow other church members to help them stay on that right path.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|For if there are (at a venture) seventy-six different times all ticking in the mind at once, how many different people are there not – Heaven help us – all having lodgment at one time or another in the human spirit?
Katherine Ewell, Dear Killer|For him morality was neither conformism nor philosophic wisdom, but living the infinite fullness of possibilities. He believed in morality’s capacity for intensification, in stages of moral experience, and not merely, as most people do, in stages of moral understanding, as if it were something cut-and-dried for which people were just not pure enough. He believed in morality without believing in any specific moral system. Morality is generally understood to be a sort of police regulations for keeping life in order, and since life does not obey even these, they come to look as if they were really impossible to live up to and accordingly, in this sorry way, not really an ideal either. But morality must not be reduced to this level. Morality is imagination. This was what he wanted to make Agathe see. And his second point was: Imagination is not arbitrary. Once imagination is left to caprice, there is a price to pay.
Li Keqiang|Washington worked very hard to create his legacy. Even before the War of Independence was over, he was assembling his papers and making sure they were going to be in a state of preservation that would represent as best he could the official side of what occurred during the Revolution.
Evgeny Morozov|Everywhere we remain unfree and chained to technology, whether we passionately affirm or deny it. But we are delivered over to it in the worst possible way when we regard it as something neutral; for this conception of it, to which today we particularly pay homage, makes us utterly blind to the essence of technology.
Steven Herrick, Love, Ghosts, & Facial Hair|The ground was silvery, as if some stars had fallen there.
Colin Wilson|‎'The demon cried, waving its furry arms above his head like a demented orangutan.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|He talked about luck and fate and numbers coming up, yet he never ventured a nickel at the casinos because he knew the house had all the percentages. And beneath his pessimism, his bleak conviction that all the machinery was rigged against him, at the bottom of his soul was a faith that he was going to outwit it, that by carefully watching the signs he was going to know when to dodge and be spared. It was fatalism with a loophole, and all you had to do to make it work was never miss a sign. Survival by coordination, as it were. The race is not to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but to those who can see it coming and jump aside. Like a frog evading a shillelagh in a midnight marsh.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.
G.A. Aiken|For each man kills the thing he loves yet each man does not diehe does not die a death of shame on a day of dark disgracenor have a noose about his neck, nor a cloth upon his facenor drop feet foremost through the floor into an empty spaceHe does not sit with silent men who watch him night and dayWho watch him when he tries to weep and when he tries to prayWho watch him lest himself should rob the prison of its prey
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Our emotions hold more power over us than blade or poison alike. To embrace freely the entire spectrum of our emotions is to allow a multitude of Trojan horses containing hidden emotional poisons to circumvent the walls of rationalization – walls we need to protect our trust, confidence, understanding, and self-control.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|As if you could pick in love, as if it were not a lightning bolt that splits your bones and leaves you staked out in the middle of the courtyard. (...) You don't pick out the rain that soaks you to the skin when you come out of a concert.
David Amerland, The Sniper Mind: Eliminate Fear, Deal with Uncertainty, and Make Better Decisions|Confidence, even when under pressure, has a way of turning an impossible situation into just another challenge to be met.
Michel Foucault, Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison|The chronicle of a man, the account of his life, his historiography, written as he lived out his life formed part of the rituals of his power. The disciplinary methods reversed this relation, lowered the threshold of describable individuality and made of this description a means of control and a method of domination.
James         Scott|Ransomware is unique among cybercrime because in order for the attack to be successful, it requires the victim to become a willing accomplice after the fact
Peter D. Schiff|For the primary goal of the American Revolution which transferred American life and introduced a new era in human history, was not the overthrow or even the alteration of the existing social order but the preservation of political liberty threatened by the apparent corruption of the constitution, and the establishment in principle of the existing conditions of liberty.
Ogden Nash|You must try to generate happiness within yourself. If you aren't happy in one place, chances are you won't be happy anyplace.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|Yeah, it never fails to amaze me how a single lie can undo an entire lifetime of good. (Aiden)
Jim Thompson, A Hell of a Woman|Did you ever think much about jobs? I mean, some of the jobs people land in? You see a guy giving haircuts to dogs, or maybe going along the curb with a shovel, scooping up horse manure. And you think, now why is the silly bastard doing that? He looks fairly bright, about as bright as anyone else. Why the hell does he do that for living?You kind grin and look down your nose at him. You think he’s nuts, know what I mean, or he doesn’t have any ambition. And then you take a good look at yourself, and you stop wondering about the other guy…You’ve got all your hands and feet. Your health is okay, and you make a nice appearance, and ambition-man! You’ve got it. You’re young, I guess: you’d call thirty young, and you’re strong. You don’t have much education, but you’ve got more than plenty of other people who go to the top. And yet with all that, with all you’ve had to do with this is as far you’ve got And something tellys you, you’re not going much farther if any.And there is nothing to be done about it now, of course, but you can’t stop hoping. You can’t stop wondering……Maybe you had too much ambition. Maybe that was the trouble. You couldn’t see yourself spending forty years moving from office boy to president. So you signed on with a circulation crew; you worked the magazines from one coast to another. And then you ran across a little brush deal-it sounded nice, anyway. And you worked that until you found something better, something that looked better. And you moved from that something to another something. Coffee-and-tea premiums, dinnerware, penny-a-day insurance, photo coupons, cemetery lots, hosiery, extract, and God knows what all. You begged for the charities, You bought the old gold. You went back to the magazines and the brushes and the coffee and tea. You made good money, a couple of hundred a week sometimes. But when you averaged it up, the good weeks with the bad, it wasn’t so good. Fifty or sixty a week, maybe seventy. More than you could make, probably, behind agas pump or a soda fountain. But you had to knock yourself out to do it, and you were standing stil. You were still there at the starting place. And you weren’t a kid any more.So you come to this town, and you see this ad. Man for outside sales and collections. Good deal for hard worker. And you think maybe this is it. This sounds like a right town. So you take the job, and you settle down in the town. And, of course, neither one of ‘em is right, they’re just like all the others. The job stinks. The town stinks. You stink. And there’s not a goddamned thing you can do about it. All you can do is go on like this other guys go on. The guy giving haircuts to dogs, and the guy sweeping up horse manute Hating it. Hating yourself.And hoping.
Mary Kay Ash|When you take a flower in your hand and really look at it, it's your world for the moment. I want to give that world to someone else. Most people in the city rush around so, they have no time to look at a flower. I want them to see it whether they want to or not.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground|Being stuck in your own head not only cheats you of intimate interactions with others, but it also impacts your relationship with God. - From the Book: Removing Your Shame Label
Madhav Sadashiv Golwalkar|Security is not having things, it’s handling things.
John Locke|To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|Often times you may find yourself in a relationship with a guy who looks like he is a mature adult, but then you find out that he’s just a selfish baby underneath that wonderful expensive cologne.
H.W. Charles, The Money Code: Become a Millionaire With the Ancient Jewish Code|What a wise man knows, therefore, is how to construct a pattern that, given the human situation, is likely to lead to a good life.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|All stories are about wolves. All worth repeating, that is. Anything else is sentimental drivel.
Gail Sheehy|Here's the thing: the unit of reverence in Europe is the family, which is why a child born today of unmarried parents in Sweden has a better chance of growing up in a house with both of his parents than a child born to a married couple in America. Here we revere the couple, there they revere the family.
Warren Farrell, The Myth of Male Power|Men’s greatest weakness is their facade of strength, and women’s greatest strength is their facade of weakness.
Alan Ross, Cricket Heroes: 21 leading writers, members of the Cricket Writers Club, on great cricketers|The little house is not too smallTo shelter friends who come to call.Though low the roof and small its spaceIt holds the Lord's abounding grace,And every simple room may beEndowed with happy memory.The little house, severly plain,A wealth of beauty may contain.Within it those who dwell may findHigh faith which makes for peace of mind,And that sweet understanding whichCan make the poorest cottage rich.The little house can hold all thingsFrom which the soul's contentment springs.'Tis not too small for love to grow,For all the joys that mortals know,For mirth and song and that delightWhich make the humblest dwelling bright.
Elton Gallegly|However saying that I totally support the concept of civil partnerships in the eyes of the law, and think it a disgrace that same sex couples have had to wait so long for legal rights, protection and recognition.
Thomas Sowell, The Vision of the Anointed: Self-Congratulation as a Basis for Social Policy|What sense would it make to classify a man as handicapped because he is in a wheelchair today, if he is expected to be walking again in a month, and competing in track meets before the year is out? Yet Americans are generally given 'class' labels on the basis of their transient location in the income stream. If most Americans do not stay in the same broad income bracket for even a decade, their repeatedly changing 'class' makes class itself a nebulous concept. Yet the intelligentsia are habituated, if not addicted, to seeing the world in class terms.
L.R.W. Lee|To change someone's mind, requires only that you speak a more compelling narrative about their situation than their current one.
Catherine B. Roy, Live From Your Heart and Mind: The Secret to the Simplicity of Connecting your Heart and Mind on the Road to Happiness and Success.|Laugh every day for five minutes, without any reason, then repeat it for 21 days straight and it will become your habit to do.
Toni Aleo, Empty Net|And I just think that if you believe in something and you want it so much and you're not hurting anyone else, you have to go for it. Which sometimes means taking a risk, even if it's scary. But the thing you want most to happen doesn't stand a chance unless you give it one.
Brian Patrick O'Donoghue, My Lead Dog Was A Lesbian: Mushing Across Alaska in the Iditarod--the World's Most Grueling Race|A black pit bull barreled against the fence, jaws dripping with saliva, viciously barking like Old Yeller after the hydrophobia kicked in.
Daniel M. Gilbert|We live in a world in which people are censured, demoted, imprisoned, beheaded, simply because they have opened their mouths, flapped their lips, and vibrated some air. Yes, those vibrations can make us feel sad or stupid or alienated. Tough shit. That's the price of admission to the marketplace of ideas. Hateful, blasphemous, prejudiced, vulgar, rude, or ignorant remarks are the music of a free society, and the relentless patter of idiots is how we know we're in one. When all the words in our public conversation are fair, good, and true, it's time to make a run for the fence.
Baha'u'llah|Happiness? A good cigar, a good meal, a good cigar and a good woman - or a bad woman; it depends on how much happiness you can handle.
René Girard|If we choose Jesus as our model, we simultaneously choose his own model, God the Father. Having no appropriative desire, Jesus proclaims the possibility of freedom from scandal. But if we choose possessive models we find ourselves in endless scandals, for our real model is Satan. A seductive tempter who suggests to us the desires most likely to generate rivalries, Satan prevents us from reaching whatever he simultaneously incites us to desire.
Dan Savage|You can do the best research and be making the strongest intellectual argument, but if readers don't get past the third paragraph you've wasted your energy and valuable ink.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|For a moment, I’m captivated. He’s seducing me with his eyes. A nervous flutter swims through my stomach. I can feel my heartbeat in my throat. Pounding. Constricting. I swallow hard.
Amanda Leigh, Scarred|I receive Income from you, can you point one reason why not to be nice with ya?
Felix Adler|By limiting or denying freedom of speech and expression, we take away a lot of potential. We take away thoughts and ideas before they even have the opportunity to hatch. We build a world around negatives - you can't say, think, or do this or that.
Carla Reighard, Settlers|I watch her close the door and I think to myself, there goes my heart.
Cathy Hopkins, Mates, Dates, and Sole Survivors|I can see clearly now, my brain is gone.Lucy
Bayard Rustin|although the stress response was involuntary, the relaxation response required practice.[6]
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The day is ending. It's time for something that was beautiful to turn into something else that is beautiful. Now, Let go.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I do not want to discourage you, but if you really feel something for Larsson TIGER, try to forget him! He is not the right man for you. In fact, he is not a right man for any woman in this world." She stands and walks to the bathroom saying, "Larsson TIGER only thinks about tigers, money and fun.
Arthur Darvill|Never in our country's history have we witnessed a natural disaster that has impacted so many people in such a wide area. In fact, as of the writing of this column, millions of people along the Gulf Coast have been displaced from their homes in a period of only five days.
Anonymous|The true optimist not only expects the best to happen, but goes to work to make the best happen. The true optimist not only looks upon the bright side, but trains every force that is in him to produce more and more brightness in his life….
Jane Campion|I learned to impersonate the kind of person that talks about poetry. It comes from teaching, I think.
Natalie Lloyd|Sometimes even doing the right thing will leave you with scars. But beauty comes from ashes, too. And I know that to be true.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|It has started to snow. We all ran out when it began, and played at catching flakes as we used to when we were children. But it was cold, and our boots and gloves and cloaks were soon wet - you feel these things more when you are grown-up.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|But [Everett] and McCandless, at least they tried to follow their dream. That’s what was great about them. They tried. Not many do.
Jillian Michaels, Winning by Losing: Drop the Weight, Change Your Life|Cultural legacies are powerful forces. They have deep roots and long lives. They persist, generation after generation, virtually intact, even as the economic and social and demographic conditions that spawned them have vanished, and they play such a role in directing attitudes and behavior that we cannot make sense of our world without them.
Vishwas Chavan, SoulBliss: a poetic tale of cosmic love|Many are the noble words in which poets speak concerning the actions of men; but like yourself when speaking about Homer, they do not speak of them by any rules of art: they are simply inspired to utter that to which the Muse impels them, and that only; and when inspired, one of them will make dithyrambs, another hymns of praise, another choral strains, another epic or iambic verses- and he who is good at one is not good any other kind of verse: for not by art does the poet sing, but by power divine.
Debbie Lynne Costello, Shattered Memories|It can be hard at times, but you must trust God. You shouldn't take things into your own hands. He always knows best.
J.N. Race|If you want to be a writer, you have to keep writing, all the time, and when you're not writing, be thinking about and planning writing.
Victoria Pendleton|When you write about sports, you're allowed to engage in mischief. Nothing is at stake.
Mike  Norton|War can condition a person to be resilient, tolerant, dependable, strong, and capable of so much more than one who had experienced nothing of it; it can bring out the very best in us, but also the very worst. Where is it, I ask, the proper conduit through which a soldier should be raised from whence they would become an upstanding citizen of the world, instead of a single country?
Samuel Johnson|Difficult do you call it, Sir? I wish it were impossible. [on hearing a famous violinist]
Steve Irwin|When I was 18, I thought my father was pretty dumb. After a while when I got to be 21, I was amazed to find out how much he'd learned in three years.
Angela Louise McGurk, Absolution|By so giving up, of course, it renews itself- that is the secret
Branch Rickey|Give me an entrepreneur with a lot of courage, gusto and who iterates rapidly, and I will back that person day in and day out.
Iris Murdoch|I think being a woman is like being Irish... Everyone says you're important and nice, but you take second place all the time.
Anurag Kashyap|People need to be made conscious of a very simple reality: we have no choice but to share this planet, this small blue sphere floating in the vast reaches of space, with all of our fellow 'passengers.'
José Rizal|Pure intuitive faith differs as much from fanaticism as fire from smoke, or music from mere noise; those who confuse the two are like the deaf.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|A big part of (Janice) Marturano's success in bringing mindfulness to this unlikely venue was that she talked about it not as a "spiritual" exercise but instead as something that made you a "better leader" and "more focused," and that enhanced your "creativity and innovation." She didn't even like the term "stress reduction." "For a lot of us," she said, "we think that having stress in our lives isn't a bad thing. It gives us an edge.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|As a matter of face, Zen is at present most fashionable in America among those who are least concerned with moral discipline. Zen has, indeed, become for us a symbol of moral revolt. It is true, the Zen-man's contempt for conventional and formalistic social custom is a healthy phenomenon, but it is healthy only because it presupposes a spiritual liberty based on freedom from passion, egotism and self-delusion. A pseudo-Zen attitude which seeks to justify a complete moral collapse with a few rationalizations based on the Zen Masters is only another form of bourgeois self-deception. It is not an expression of healthy revolt, but only another aspect of the same lifeless and inert conventionalism against which it appears to be protesting.
Annie Hughes, The Sound of You|I’ve broken your heart, haven’t I?”“A million times. And you can break it a million times more, Luna Moon. There will never be a day in my life that I don’t love you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t live life, without an enthusiasm of existence.
Terry Pratchett, Eric|The Tezuman Empire in the jungle valleys of central Klatch is known for it organic market gardens, its exquisite craftsmanship in obsidian, feathers and jade, and its mass human sacrifices in honor of Quezovercoatl, the Feathered Boa, god of mass human sacrifices.
Gena Showalter, Twice as Hot|I wasn’t sure anymore what made a good marriage. There had to be love, of course, but there were so many different kinds of love. And clearly, some love was more enduring than others.
Janey Colbourne|Gratitude makes the world a softer, kinder place. It softens that brittle shell of defence. There is always something to be grateful for, no matter how small or simple.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|Fine! I'll throw on some clothes. Turn around. I'm in my pj's""I'm a guy. That's like asking a kid not to glance at the candy counter.
Derric Yuh Ndim|Each child is a new being, a potentialprophet, a new spiritual prince, a new spark of light.... Whoare we to decide that it is hopeless (impossible)?
John Tesh|For years, I had no time for exploratory travel.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|The stars glittered through the atmosphere, and he thought of the distances that light must take to hit his eye at exactly that moment. Without him here, those photons would have been wasted.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Just because there is an obstaclein your path, that doesn’t meanyou have to get off the road.
Demetri Martin|You might have, as a character, 30 pages of dialogue a day if you're what they call a 'front-burner story.' So you go home, you learn your lines for the next day, you get up, you're there at 7 in the morning, you do a quick rehearsal, you're on camera, you might leave, you know, at 7 at night and start the whole thing over again.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|No matter where we come from, there is one language we can all speak and understand from birth, the language of the heart, love.
Chris     Murray|Think upon the numbers I have been sharing with you. Of your competitors, five out of ten will do little more than take their customer's money immorally. A further three out of ten will leave them dissatisfied.
John Stuart Mill, Inaugural Address Delivered to the University of St Andrews, 2/1/1867|Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
Angela Carter, Love|By the end of the affair, she had acquired so much miserable information about men and women she almost decided to give up relationships for good.
Jeff Bezos|It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
Marissa Meyer, Stars Above|Щом зима се озъби паки камък пука в леден мрак,замръзва вир, замръзва лес —не тръгвай в Пущинака днес!When winter first begins to biteand stones crack in the frosty night,when pools are black and trees are bare,’tis evil in the Wild to fare.
Pam Brown|When sisters stand shoulder to shoulder, who stands a chance against us?
Haruki Murakami, A Wild Sheep Chase|Time does not expand.""But time is actually expanding, isn't it? You yourself said that time adds up.""That's only because time needed for transit has decreased. The sum total of time doesn't change. It's only that you can see more movies.
Wole Soyinka|For now, let us simply observe that the assault on human dignity is one of the prime goals of the visitation of fear, a prelude to the domination of the mind and the triumph of power
Bertrand Russell|She seemed to be lovely still to herself, as if no amount of looking into mirrors could ruin her illusion.
Nikita Khrushev|Politicians sre the same all over.They promise to build bridges, even where there are no rivers.
Abelardo Morell, A Book of Books|At times, I have been convinced that books hold all the material of life--at least all the stuff that fits between an A and a Z.
Tori Amos, Tori Amos - Scarlet's Walk|Thou shalt not use poetry, art or music to get into girls’ pants - use it to get into their heads.
Sharon Sant, The Young Moon|Jacob glanced across at the woman. 'She'd have you for breakfast, mate.''Yeah,' Luca countered, 'maybe I want to be had for breakfast.
Vann Chow|I am a loser in my own plot, but I might be the hero in someone else's plot.
