Harry Connick, Jr.|There has been a time on earth when poets had been young and dead and famous - and were men. But now the poet as the tragic child of grandeur and destiny had changed. The child of genius was a woman, now, and the man was gone.
Geraldine McCaughrean, Peter Pan in Scarlet|Not everyone can be rich,' Peter went on. 'Not everyone can be strong or clever. Not everyone can be beautiful. But we can ALL be brave! If we tell ourselves we can do it; if we say to our hearts, 'don't jump about'; if we carry ourselves like heroes... we can all be brave! We can all look Danger in the face and be glad to meet it, and draw our swords and say, 'Have at you, Danger! You don't scare me!' Courage is just there for the taking; you don't need money to buy it. You don't need to go to school to learn it! Courage is the thing, isn't it? Don't you think so, people? Aren't I right? Courage is the thing! All goes if courage goes!
Alanis Morissette|All I can tell you is that I've never met a woman who is not strong, but sometimes they don't let it out. Then there's a tragedy, and then all of a sudden that strength comes. My message is let the strength come out before the tragedy.
Christy Leigh Stewart|A novel is no different than graffiti in a bathroom stall, it's just more pretentious.
Dr. Kid Brain, Navigating the Turbulent Middle School Years: Common-Sense Solutions for Problems and Behaviors|I was facing him before the last word was out, but I should have been dead by then. In a way I did die, right there, all that time ago, and this is a ghost who has been telling you stories and drinking your wine. You don't understand. Never mind.
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|And if you don't find what you're looking for?"At Roy's question Addie looked up."Then all I've lost is time.
Confucius, The Analects|A legendary horse is praised not for its strength, but for its Integrity.
Roberto Benigni|If you've never had a mother or a father, you grow up seeking something you're never going to find, ever. You seek it in love and in people and in beauty.
Rob Liano|Image is everything, self image that is.
Hillary Jordan, When She Woke|I figure if there is a God, She's good and surged right now about the state of things down here.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|Let me just unsubscribe to my own mind already, because I don't get any of it.
Erma Bombeck|When your mother asks, "Do you want a piece of advice?" it's a mere formality. It doesn't matter if you answer yes or no. You're going to get it anyway.
Rick Riordan, Camp Half-Blood Confidential|He turned to Harley, the oddly muscular eight-year-old son of Hephaestus. "Want to come with? I might need help with the projector.""A projectile! Yes!" Harley pumped his
Ford Madox Ford, Parade's End|I knew I'd never have another moment like this. Just a single place in time where everything had come together to breathe in harmony. Time slowed and I had gathered all her restless strands in my hands; where I had come from, where I was and where I was going was one long thread as I emerged to make my way into the world.
Lori Cash Richards, Letting the Upside In: Discovering the code that grants us access to the extraordinary treasures contained within our hearts|To see another as God intended, we must come from a place of loving inside ourselves, as God intended.
Cherie Colyer, Hold Tight|You sure you're not just trying to get into my pants?" I joked, but I was already trying to figure out what one wears to a detox session in her boyfriend's dungeon-like bedroom.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|When silence is a choice, it is an unnerving presence. When silence is imposed, it is censorship.
H. Raven Rose, Caffè Latte|Irony of the day: arthritis medication with a cap that old people can't get off, because of their arthritis.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|She was so upset about a blog that maybe a total of six people read yet had no compassion for her granddaughters who had suffered the physical and emotional pains of sexual abuse and whose lives were changed forever. The two cannot even be compared, yet when someone is in denial about what happened, they cannot perceive what is true. It seemed too hard for her to let her mind go there and believe her grandson could do such terrible things.
Ramana Pemmaraju|We live in a strange world where people don’t try to know who we are, rather they go by, what they think we are!
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|None of your knowledge, your reading, your connections will be of any use here: two legs suffice, and big eyes to see with. Walk alone, across mountains or through forests. You are nobody to the hills or the thick boughs heavy with greenery. You are no longer a role, or a status, not even an individual, but a body, a body that feels sharp stones on the paths, the caress of long grass and the freshness of the wind. When you walk, the world has neither present nor future: nothing but the cycle of mornings and evenings. Always the same thing to do all day: walk. But the walker who marvels while walking (the blue of the rocks in a July evening light, the silvery green of olive leaves at noon, the violet morning hills) has no past, no plans, no experience. He has within him the eternal child. While walking I am but a simple gaze.
Julianna Baggott, Burn|Here, falling in love can be an event, a proclamation without acknowledging that everyone you love could die an awful death, that loving someone is an acceptance of impending loss.
Thomas Hooker|When I was a boy, the priest, my uncle, carefully inculcated upon me this proverb, which I then learned and have ever since kept in my mind: 'Dico tibi verum, Libertas optima rerum; Nunquam servili, sub nexu vivito, fili.' 'I tell you a truth: Liberty is the best of things, my son; never live under any slavish bond.'
Leon Trotsky|Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.
L.M. Montgomery, The Story Girl|There is such a place as fairyland - but only children can find the way to it. And they do not know that it is fairyland until they have grown so old that they forget the way. One bitter day, when they seek it and cannot find it, they realize what they have lost; and that is the tragedy of life. On that day the gates of Eden are shut behind them and the age of gold is over. Henceforth they must dwell in the common light of common day. Only a few, who remain children at heart, can ever find that fair, lost path again; and blessed are they above mortals. They, and only they, can bring us tidings from that dear country where we once sojourned and from which we must evermore be exiles. The world calls them its singers and poets and artists and story-tellers; but they are just people who have never forgotten the way to fairyland.
Nefrida Namira Maaruf|What is this?! I couldn't die back when I would've been glad to die anywhere, anytime, but now that dying would take hardly any effort, suddenly I can't afford to yet? What the hell am I supposed to do?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have no one, you are poor; if you have an acquaintance, you are fortunate; if you have a friend, you are privileged; if you have a lover, you are rich; if you have a soulmate, you are wealthy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Americans in 1763 lived always in the shadow and presence of death. Death was not yet romanticized as it would be in the 19th century, nor yet sanitized as it would be in the 20th century.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Have a clear-cut plan on what you wish to improve, and seek opportunities to improve it. The more conscious and honest we can be about our shortcomings, the more strength we will have to improve them. We are going to train hard anyway, we are not going to sweat any more or less. It is simply imperative that the sweat is properly directed.
Rick Bragg|But I hope I will never have a life that is not surrounded by books, by books that are bound in paper and cloth and glue, such perishable things for ideas that have lasted thousands of years, or just since the most recent Harry Potter. I hope I am always walled in by the very weight and breadth and clumsy, inefficient, antiquated bulk of them, hope that I spend my last days on this Earth arranging and rearranging them on thrones of good, honest pine, oak, and mahogany, because the just feel good in my hands, because I just like to look at their covers, and dream of the promise of the great stories inside.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|Sometimes, breaking out of a certain mentality is like planning a prison break. You can't just go for it and hope for the best; it requires strategy.
Hoda Kotb|Imagine having all of your freedoms taken away, being forced to work against your will, and constantly living under the threat of violence - in short, being forced to live as a slave. Sadly, this situation is a reality for millions of children, women, and men each year as part of the global human trafficking industry.
Hillary Jordan, When She Woke|That wasn't enough. They weren't enough.Nor, she soon realized, was Will, though by every rational measure he ought to have been. ... He became ardent, spoke of love, hinted at marriage. She stilled his roving hands and deflected his near-proposals. Finally, when his frustration turned to anger, she cut him loose, bleeding and disoriented, her own heart perfectly intact.Aidan wouldn't leave it intact, she'd known that from the first. Long before they became lovers, she could foresee that there would be an after, and that it would lay waste to them both.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Since 1985 our [American's] consumption of all added sugars- cane, beet, HFCS, glucose, honey, maple syrup, whatever- has climbed from 128 pounds to 159 pounds per person.
April Mae Monterrosa|You must however pay attention to the fact that we don’t only lose time to lateness. We also lose time to jokes, gossip, empty talks, sleep on duty, social media etc.
Oglala Lakota|Motherfuckers will read a book that’s one third Elvish, but put two sentences in Spanish and they [white people] think we’re taking over.
Anna Politkovskaya, Is Journalism Worth Dying For?: Final Dispatches|I teach my students that you can't be a journalist if you are going to be judgmental. If you have a judgmental nuance as you pose a question, people will close down.
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|If you lived a good life, you either lived to save or died to save… that which must be saved and kept. Your life would never be meaningless. Not even for a moment.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|Since the Word became flesh (John 1.14), heaven and earth remain indissolubly joined.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|Can there be a completely different set of laws of physics in a different universe, or do the laws of physics as we understand them hold true in all possible universes? If the answer is that a different set of laws can operate in a different universe system, this would suggest (from a Buddhist perspective) that even the laws of physics are entangled with the karma of the sentient beings that will arise in that universe.
Judy Garland|If the great American people will only keep their temper, on both sides of the line, the troubles will come to an end, and the question which now distracts the country will be settled just as surely as all other difficulties of like character which have originated in this government have been adjusted.
James Altucher|If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend.
Robert  Black|Centuries have passed since the wars of religion ceased in Europe, and since men stopped dying in large numbers because of arcane theological disputes. Hence, perhaps, the incredulity and denial with which Westerners have greeted news of the theology and practices of the Islamic State. Many refuse to believe that this group is as devout as it claims to be, or as backward-looking or apocalyptic as its actions and statements suggest."Their skepticism is comprehensible. In the past, Westerners who accused Muslims of blindly following ancient scriptures came to deserved grief from academics—notably the late Edward Said—who pointed out that calling Muslims 'ancient' was usually just another way to denigrate them. Look instead, these scholars urged, to the conditions in which these ideologies arose—the bad governance, the shifting social mores, the humiliation of living in lands valued only for their oil."Without acknowledgment of these factors, no explanation of the rise of the Islamic State could be complete. But focusing on them to the exclusion of ideology reflects another kind of Western bias: that if religious ideology doesn’t matter much in Washington or Berlin, surely it must be equally irrelevant in Raqqa or Mosul. When a masked executioner says Allahu akbar while beheading an apostate, sometimes he’s doing so for religious reasons.
Ryan Reynolds|The eight years of war since 9/11 had meant several Christmases away from home for most of these men. For soldiers at war, there's comforting continuity in the traditions and inevitability of Christmas.
Pope Benedict XVI|The mature fruit of mystagogy is an awareness that one's life is being progressively transformed by the holy mysteries being celebrated. The aim of all Christian education, moreover, is to train the believer in an adult faith that can make him a "new creation", capable of bearing witness in his surroundings to the Christian hope that inspires him.
Michael  Collins, Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journey|We are off! And do we know it, not just because the world is yelling "Lift-off" in our ears, but because the seats of our pants tell us so! Trust your instruments, not your body, the modern pilot is always told, but this beast is best felt. Shake, rattle and roll!
Carrie Jones, Need|Oh.” I touch my cheeks. “You licked me.”He laughs and leans over, giving a tiny tongue swipe to my hand. “You’re very lickable.”I try to hit him. He laughs harder and grabs my hands.“No fair! Mere mortal against werewolf,” I complain.“Fine.”He lets go, but first he kisses my fingers, each of them. I sigh happily.
Kyung-Sook Shin|But, Aunt... I don't want to go to the grave site set aside for me a few years ago at the ancestral grave site. I don't want to go there. When I lived here and woke up from the fog in my head, I would walk by myself to the grave site set aside for me, so that I could feel comfortable if I lived there after death. It was sunny, and I liked the pine tree that stood bent but tall, but remaining a member of this family even in death would be too much and too hard. To try to change my mind, I would sing and pull weeds, sitting there until the sun set, but nothing made me feel comfortable there. I lived with this family for over fifty years; please let me go now.
Sherif Mekdam, The Trinity's Dream|to all those who slept through the nightmare till it ended, you will remember your nightmares and it will be easier to confront them when they come again for you.
P.C. Cast, Awakened|Zoey~ 'Listen to me, whinning about money and a scarf. Ah, hell! I'm starting to sound like Aphrodite.'Stark~ 'If you turn into Aprodite I'm going to stab myself.'Zoey~ 'If I turn into Aprodite, stab me first.'Stark~ 'Deal.'Zoey~ 'Deal.
John Bingham, An Accidental Athlete: A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to Middle Age|Rage swept over her at being young, young and little, as if some evil fairy had put that spell on her. Why must you be locked up in this dreadful cage of childhood for twenty or a hundred years? Nothing in life was possible unless you were old and rich, until then you were only small and futile before your tormentors, desperately waiting for the release that only years could bring.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Always be good, but be wickedly beautiful.
Brooklyn Ann, Bite at First Sight|She raised the shovel, ready to plunge it into the soft soil. "I am not afraid. I am not."	"You should be." A sinister, accented voice pierced her consciousness.	The shovel fell from her nerveless fingers, thudding onto the cold ground.	Cassandra knew that voice; it had the rich, dark cadence that had haunted her dreams since the night she'd first met him. She spun around, the hood of her cloak falling to her shoulders.	Rafael Villar stepped out from behind a mausoleum. The shadows embraced his bronze skin, obscuring the scars on the left side of his face while moonlight highlighted his exotic Mediterranean features on the right....	"You! You've been the one disturbing my people?
Jim Butcher, Ghost Story|Bob, would you be willing to take on Evil Bob?"Bob's eyes darted nervously. "I'd . . . prefer not to. I'd really, really prefer not to. You have no idea. That me was crazy. And buff. He worked out.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Much as a teacher may wince at the thought, he is also an entertainer—for unless he can hold his audience, he cannot really instruct or edify them.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|If they're dumb enough to walk away be , strong enough to let them go
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|And the trouble with bad times is, you can't sleep through them.
Joss Whedon|Without ethics, science would be cruelty.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|Against my mouth she groaned. "I hate being quiet." 	A breathless chuckled escaped me.	"Me too. Once we're home..."	"Lots of noise.
Jeff Dunham|Traditionally Presidents Day was Washington's birthday. It was celebrated as a public holiday on February 22 each year, in peace or in war.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|They cannot hurt you; their active participation, the enthusiasm in their willingness to try, proves their natural affinity and disposition to ruin, chaos, and sabotage.Some do not learn you to earn you, they learn you to burn you.
Traci Lea LaRussa|Judge tenderly, if you must. There is usually a side you have not heard, a story you know nothing about, and a battle waged that you are not having to fight.” ― Traci Lea LaRussa
Paul Wade, Convict Conditioning: How to Bust Free of All Weakness Using the Lost Secrets of Supreme Survival Strength|I get knocked down, But I get up again, You’re never going to keep me down
Deb Caletti|I know I have this kind of teaching element in me, but I don't want to become a 'teacher of theater' because that would formalize something that I'd much rather keep casual.
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|Humans make mistakes. They get angry, they do stupid things they're not proud of, and they hurt the people they love the most.
Jill Shalvis|Yes. This. It was just what she needed, because here, held by him like this, her guilt, her regret, her fears . . . all of it gave way to this heady, languid sensation of being desired and she didn’t want it to stop.Any of it.
John  Adams, The Works Of John Adams, Second President Of The United States|There is nothing which I dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties, each arranged under its leader, and concerting measures in opposition to each other. This, in my humble apprehension, is to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our Constitution.
Julia Quinn, Minx|George was full of hatred. Of his own weakness and stupidity, of his magic, of the stubbornness and the pride of Beatrice and Marit, and, last of all, hatred of Dr. Gharn, who had started it all.But the hatred swayed to pity. Then to hopelessness. Then back to anger.Every once in a great while, he felt a moment of peace, usually when he caught a glimpse of Beatrice and Marit together. He loved them both in different ways. But that could not be.He turned away, and the cycle began again.
Tina Brown|Drinking water that does not meet a federal health guideline will not necessarily make someone ill. Many contaminants are hazardous only if consumed for years. And some researchers argue that even toxic chemicals, when consumed at extremely low doses over long periods, pose few risks.
Tullian Tchividjian, One Way Love:  Inexhaustible Grace for an Exhausted World|God loves you unconditionally, as you are and not as you should be, because nobody is as they should be. It is the message of grace.~Quote by Brennan Manning
Matt Haig|Learning from the experiences of our ancestors, let us together create knowledge for all that benefits all.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|We never pray against our government or call down curses on them. Instead, we have learned that God is in control both of our own lives and the government we live under. God has used China's government for His own purposes, molding and shaping His children as He sees fit. Instead of focusing our prayers against any political system, we pray that regardless of what happens to us, we will be pleasing to God.
Jinat Rehana Begum, First Fires|Scar tissue — it’s a new layer of tender skin, lightly covering the wound. Still a vulnerable spot, the slightest little knock might tear the skin so it bleeds and the remembered ache from the old wound intensifies the pain from the latest blow.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic Takes Manhattan|There's no luck in business. There's only drive, determination, and more drive.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All sciences have their mysteries and at certain points the apparently most obvious theory will be found in contradiction with experience. Politics, for example, offers several proofs of this truth. In theory, is anything more absurd than hereditary monarchy? We judge it by experience, but if government had never been heard of and we had to choose one, whoever would deliberate between hereditary and elective monarchy would be taken for a fool. Yet we know by experience that the first is, all things considered, the best that can be imagined, while the second is the worst. What arguments could not be amassed to establish that sovereignty comes from the people? However they all amount to nothing. Sovereignty is always taken, never given, and a second more profound theory subsequently discovers why this must be so. Who would not say the best political constitution is that which has been debated and drafted by statesmen perfectly acquainted with the national character, and who have foreseen every circumstance? Nevertheless nothing is more false. The best constituted people is the one that has the fewest written constitutional laws, and every written constitution is WORTHLESS.
Jonathan Wells, The Politically Incorrect Guide to Darwinism and Intelligent Design|It looks as if the offspring have eyes so that they can see well (bad, teleological, backward causation), but that's an illusion. The offspring have eyes because their parents' eyes did see well (good, ordinary, forward causation).
Nathan Myhrvold|You know I don't care about what I eat. I love food so much, I can't affect the way I eat.
Auliq-Ice|Freedom and dignity for everyone in the world, is the hardest thing to achieve, but we must not give up.
James E. Faust|If people do not know what is going to make them better off or give them pleasure, then the idea that you can trust people to do what will give them pleasure becomes questionable.
Robert Liparulo, House of Dark Shadows|Now that you know the wishing ways, you'll feel the wishes around you. They'll make you itchy, 'cause you know you can do something about them, but that ain't always the best idea.
Timothy Norr|Anger is good... Anger, you see, is to people what fuel is to an automobile. Without it, we would not be motivated to rise to any challenge, and life would be no more than mere existence. Anger is an energy that compels us to define what is right and wrong, good and bad, just and unjust.Anger is also like electricity. Electricity is powerful-- so powerful, in fact, that it can cause devastating destruction if it is mishandled or abused. But if channeled properly and intelligently, it is highly useful to mankind.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|The return to the "Father from whom all fatherhood takes its name" allows me to let my dad be no less than the good, loving, but limited human being he is, and to let my heavenly Father be the God whose unlimited, unconditional love melts away all resentments and anger and makes me free to love beyond the need to please or find approval.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|And so really, you have given me no choice but to take you shopping byforce.” She sighed, then reached up, dropping her sunglasses down fromtheir perch on her head to cover her eyes. “Do you even realize how happythe average teenage girl would be in your shoes? I have a credit card. We’reat the mall. I want to buy you things. It’s like adolescent nirvana.”- Cora
Michael Montoure, Slices|The sky is always beautiful. Even when it’s dark or rainy or cloudy, it’s still beautiful to look at. It’s my favorite thing because I know if I ever get lost or lonely or scared, I just have to look up and it’ll be there no matter what...and I know it’ll always be beautiful.
Howard Tayler, Resident Mad Scientist|Captain, I'm fairly unique among artificial intelligences. I am FREE.I work for you because I want to. I fly your ship for you because I enjoy it. I am compelled to accept orders only by my conscience.This makes me an equal with the rest of your troops. They aren't hard-wired to obey you, yet they'll follow you to the ends of the Universe.
Baruch Spinoza|whatsoever is, is in God, and without God nothing can be, or be conceived
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|Against all odds, when the 'no' out-weighs the 'yes' faith become the only bridge to your answer
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Success is not usually the result of pure chance or fluke. Mind you, neither is a failure the result of bad luck.
Russell D. Moore, Adopted for Life: The Priority of Adoption for Christian Families and Churches|Rosie had to keep her room neat enough so James would not freak out, but not so neat that they could figure it all out, break the code, of who you truly were, what you were up to, your values, your truest parts. ... you were layer upon layer of ideas and erasures and new ideas and soul and images. [p. 68]
Tad Williams|As for monkeys, I would have five, and they would be named: See No Evil, Hear No Evil, Speak No Evil, Do Pretty Much Whatever The Hell You Want, and Expensive Attorney.
Rebecca McNutt|Some of the most evil human beings in the world are psychiatrists. Not all psychiatrists. Some psychiatrists are selfless, caring people who really want to help. But the sad truth is that in today's society, mental health isn't a science. It's an industry. Ritalin, Zoloft, Prozac, Lexapro, Resperidone, happy pills that are supposed to "normalize" the behavior of our families, our colleagues, our friends - tell me that doesn't sound the least bit creepy! Mental health is subjective. To us, a little girl talking to her pretend friends instead of other children might just be harmless playing around. To a psychiatrist, it's a financial opportunity. Automatically, the kid could be swept up in a sea of labels. "not talking to other kids? Okay, she's asocial!" or "imaginary friends? Bingo, she has schizophrenia!" I'm not saying in any way that schizophrenia and social disorders aren't real. But the alarming number of people, especially children, who seem to have these "illnesses" and need to be medicated or locked up... it's horrifying. The psychiatrists get their prestigious reputation and their money to burn. The drug companies get fast cash and a chance to claim that they've discovered a wonder-drug, capable of "curing" anyone who might be a burden on society... that's what it's all about. It's not about really talking to these troubled people and finding out what they need. It's about giving them a pill that fits a pattern, a weapon to normalize people who might make society uncomfortable. The psychiatrists get their weapon. Today's generations get cheated out of their childhoods. The mental health industry takes the world's most vulnerable people and messes with their heads, giving them controlled substances just because they don't fit the normal puzzle. And sadly, it's more or less going to get worse in this rapidly advancing century.
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|Let me have war, say I: it exceeds peace as far as day does night; it's spritely, waking, audible, and full of vent. Peace is a very apoplexy, lethargy; mulled, deaf, sleepy, insensible; a getter of more bastard children than war's a destroyer of men.
Avina Celeste|If you are willing to work for it, you can obtain whatever you want. Just put in the hard work and watch everything begin to move your way.
Tom Petty|Complaining is dangerous business. It can damage or even destroy your relationship with God, your relationships with other people, and even with your relationship with yourself.
John Zogby, The Way We'll Be: The Zogby Report on the Transformation of the American Dream|In 1991, though, began an uprising that would propel those reptilian Republicans from a tiny splinter group into the state’s dominant political faction, that would reduce Kansas Democrats to third-party status, and that would wreck what remained of the state’s progressive legacy. We are accustomed to thinking of the backlash as a phenomenon of the seventies (the busing riots, the tax revolt) or the eighties (the Reagan revolution); in Kansas the great move to the right was a story of the nineties, a story of the present.
Jim George|I trutly believe we are a rollercoaster, we are up, down have twist´s, but at the end, you discover you had join it.
Ernest Hemingway|I understand from experience that unity is easy to call for, but it takes the right kind of leadership to achieve.
John Boswell, Christianity, Social Tolerance, and Homosexuality: Gay People in Western Europe from the Beginning of the Christian Era to the Fourteenth Century|There is no indication that any church official suggested or supported the emperor's action against gay people. On the contrary, the only persons known by name to have been punished for homosexual acts were prominent bishops.
Anita Brookner, Hotel du Lac|You are wrong if you think you cannot live without love, Edith.''No, I am not,' she said, slowly. 'I cannot live without it. Oh, I do not mean that I go into a decline, develop odd symptoms, become a caricature. I mean something far more serious than that. I mean that I cannot live well without it. I cannot think or act or speak or write or even dream with any kind of energy in the absence of love. I feel excluded from the living world. I become cold, fish-like, immobile. I implode. My idea of absolute happiness is to sit in a hot garden all day, reading or writing, utterly safe in the knowledge that the person I love will come home to me in the evening. Every evening.''You are a romantic, Edith,' repeated Mr Neville, with a smile.'It is you who are wrong,' she replied. 'I have been listening to that particular accusation for most of my life. I am not a romantic. I am a domestic animal. I do not sigh and yearn for extravagant displays of passion, for the grand affair, the world well lost for love. I know all that, and know that it leaves you lonely. No, what I crave is the simplicity of routine. An evening walk, arm in arm, in fine weather. A game of cards. Time for idle talk. Preparing a meal together.
Kofi Awoonor|No more can this Angel teach her,Yet, this guiding wing shall not forsake ...
William Dietrich|Stand tall, my friends, when the fool comes around.
Patrick Rothfuss|But it isn’t a rough draft either. The one I turned in several months ago was rough. There were some bad plot holes, some logical inconsistencies, pacing problems, and not nearly enough lesbian unicorns.
DeWayne Owens|There is no greater truth than this: God created you for success. He gave you all the physical. mental, and spiritual DNA to succeed. He loves you through your mistakes and loves you enough to correct you when you step out of line. If you have not done it lately, Grab on to His great big hands of love and let Him take you places you have never dreamed of going. He’s that AWESOME!
Tomie dePaola|In art, at a certain level, there is no 'better than.' It's just about trying to operate for yourself on the most supreme level, artistically, that you can and hoping that people get it. Trusting that, just because of the way people are built and how interconnected we are, greatness will translate and symmetry will be recognised.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Time is basically an illusion created by the mind to aid in our sense of temporal presence in the vast ocean of space. Without the neurons to create a virtual perception of the past and the future based on all our experiences, there is no actual existence of the past and the future. All that there is, is the present.
John Stuart Mill|Her heart is of a much harder material... A diamond. Beautiful, but deadly…And amid people with hearts of diamonds, it is best to remember that no one is exempt from their malevolence. Not even themselves.
Lindsey Graham|Expressive speech, with modulation in pitch and volume, and a minimum of noticeable pauses, boosts credibility and enhances the impression of intelligence.
Wednesday Martin, Primates of Park Avenue|Mother is the reflective principle, the balancing agent for the child. Like a guru, she allows the child to make mistakes and loves the child without condition. Like nature, she allows consequences to unfold and balance to be restored when it is lost.
Hilary Mantel, An Experiment in Love|I think now that this is the great division between people. There are people who find life hard and those who find it easy. There are those who have a natural, in-built, expectation of happiness, and there are those who feel that happiness is not to be expected: that it is not, in fact, one of the rights of man. Nor, God knows, one of the rights of women.
Shannyn Leah, Lakeshore Secrets|Did you know, ji,’ Zulu offered, ‘that the map of Tolkien’s Middle earth fits quite well over central England and Wales? Maybe all fairylands are right here, in our midst.
Andy Zaltzman|Nice mix of Tory MPs saying this issue shouldn't be used for petty political pointscoring, & Tory MPs trying to score petty political points.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|Never trust a demon. He has a hundred motives for anything he does ... Ninety-nine of them, at least, are malevolent.
Michael Montoure, Counting From Ten|He'd wanted to - he didn't know. Break bottles. Break windows, crash cars. Burn down the world. Find solace at the bottom of countless more bottles of wine, this time consumed in solitude. In the end he did none of these things; while he knew the shapes and forms of rage and grief, he had, in truth, nothing more than gentleness inside to sustain him.
Jennifer Bernard, The Fireman Who Loved Me|I've lied all my life. I'm just now learning how to tell the truth, and I'm not going to start playing games again, especially not with you.
Colette|It is only in pain that a woman is capable of rising above mediocrity. Her resistance to pain is infinite; one can use and abuse it without any fear that she will die, as long as some childish physical cowardice or some religious hope keeps her from the suicide that offers her a way out.
Henry Rollins|I wonder what it's like to be from a state that is spread across a few islands way out in the Pacific Ocean, only added to the United States in 1959. Not only that but to be the birthplace of America's first black president? Pretty cool, I bet.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It's simple, it's not that simple; or life is simple, but the things in it are not. When a man does not understand it, he tends to inflate it. When he does, he tends to deflate it. In the end, neither images are fully accurate.
Marcel Proust|If you call yourself a leader, then you have to be decisive. If you're decisive, then you have the chance to be a leader. These are two sides to the same coin.
Willard Van Orman Quine|Physical objects are conceptually imported into the situation as convenient intermediaries not by definition in terms of experience, but simply as irreducible posits comparable, epistemologically, to the gods of Homer . . . For my part I do, qua lay physicist, believe in physical objects and not in Homer's gods; and I consider it a scientific error to believe otherwise. But in point of epistemological footing, the physical objects and the gods differ only in degree and not in kind. Both sorts of entities enter our conceptions only as cultural posits.
Ben Affleck, Good Will Hunting|See, the sad thing about a guy like you is, in 50 years you're gonna start doin' some thinkin' on your own and you're going to come up with the fact that there are two certainties in life: one, don't do that, and two, you dropped 150 grand on a fuckin' education you could have got for a dollar fifty in late charges at the public library!
Dipin Damodharan|We live with mutual thought processes in relationships; less with the physical attractions, less with the fame, less with the social status, and less with any sort of materialistic attributes.
Elizabeth George|No matter what you’re facing, embrace life in trust and contentment based on your faith in Jesus.
Lisa Samson, Finding Hollywood Nobody|Jesus, do you always show up like this, at the craziest of times and in the oddest of places? I sure hope so.
Mark Twain|Under certain circumstances, profanity provides a relief denied even to pr
Steven Magee|Love is the key, love is the secret.
Cherie Blair|If supporters of equality for women want to vote for the best candidate, they must look to a person regardless of gender and must disregard the gender of political opponents.
Victoria Aveyard, King's Cage|Cameron, my heart is quite literally in this,
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|It seems to me that no matter what religion you subscribe to, acts of kindness are the stepping-stones to making the world a better place--because we become better people in it.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|He acts like an animal, has an animal's habits! Eats like one, moves like one, talks like one! There's even something -sub-human -something not quite to the stage of humanity yet! Yes, something - ape-like about him, like one of those pictures I've seen in - anthropological studies! Thousands and thousands of years have passed him right by, and there he is - Stanley Kowalski - survivor of the Stone Age! Bearing the raw meat home from the kill in the jungle! And you - you here - waiting for him! Maybe he'll strike you or maybe grunt and kiss you! That is, if kisses have been discovered yet! Night falls and the other apes gather! There in the front of the cave, all grunting like him, and swilling and gnawing and hulking! His poker night! - you call it - this party of apes! Somebody growls - some creature snatches at something - the fight is on! God! Maybe we are a long way from beng made in God's image, but Stella - my sister - there has been some progress since then! Such things as art - as poetry and music - such kinds of new light have come into the world since then! In some kinds of people some tendered feelings have had some little beginning! That we have got to make grow! And cling to, and hold as our flag! In this dark march towards what-ever it is we're approaching . . . Don't - don't hang back with the brutes!
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|You don't want him," she said to the pink-haired girl. "He has syphilis."The girls stared. "Syphilis?""Five percent of people in America have it," said Ty helpfully."I do not have syphilis," Mark said angrily. "There are no sexually transmitted diseases in Faerieland!"”Sorry," Jules said. "You know how syphilis is. Attacks the brain.
John Irving, The World According to Garp|Talk about something else. Tell me about this book you are writing." "What book?" I say. Then : "Oh, I know what you mean. I am not doing that anymore. I couldn't finish._________I don't think he knows, not really. Not yet. In my haste to finish this story before death overtakes me, inevitably I have left out many things, and often I have expresses myself inelegantly, and no doubt here and there I have said more than I meant to. When you return, my dear type writer, we will review what we have done, and add this and subtract that. This work has become my hobby and my consolation, and I enjoy it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Change your mind, change your life.
Huston Smith|You have this mounting aggressive ignorance with the rabbit's foot of their particular religion. You don't really have any kind of spiritual law, just a kind of a rabid mental illness. The songs are a little slice of life.
Gerry Geek|Make project plan as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Marsha Qualey, Just Like That|He sighed profoundly, and flung himself - there was a passion in his movements which deserves the word - on the earth at the foot of the oak tree. He loved, beneath all this summer transiency, to feel the earth's spine beneath him; for such he took the hard root of the oak tree to be; or, for image followed image, it was the back of a great horse that he was riding; or the deck of a tumbling ship - it was anything indeed, so long as it was hard, for he felt the need of something which he could attach his floating heart to; the heart that tugged at his side; the heart that seemed filled with spiced and amorous gales every evening about this time when he walked out. To the oak tree he tied it and as he lay there, gradually the flutter in and about him stilled itself; the little leaves hung, the deer stopped; the pale summer clouds stayed; his limbs grew heavy on the ground; and he lay so still that by degrees the deer stopped nearer and the rooks wheeled round him and the swallows dipped and circled and the dragonflies shot past, as if all the fertility and amorous activity of a summer's evening were woven web-like about his body.
Catherine Zeta-Jones|Trying to meet new women, it's always a little more difficult as opposed to calling somebody I knew that's single and trying to rebuild that connection.
Genelia D'Souza|The idea behind diet confusion is, you have to keep your body off-kilter. So by changing the type of foods that you eat, the frequency of the foods that you eat, you can keep your metabolism revved up.
Katie Douglas|In the beginning of a movie, they don't tell you what's going to happen. You just have to wait and go on the adventure with them
Euripides|When a good man is hurt, all who would be called good must suffer with him.
Nina LaCour, Everything Leads to You|According to Joss [Whedon], “TV is a question, movies are an answer.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|Then I think of Charlie and our first New Year’s apart, and how I miss him. I miss him so much, but it’s confusing, because I missed him long before he was dead, and that’s the bitch of it all. I missed him long before he was dead.
Ralph  Webster, A Smile in One Eye: a Tear in the Other|I thought those were others. Soon, I was to learn that they were us.
Karan Johar|The only way to find peace is when you are not separated, when you are not fighting, when you part of the whole.
Jorge Luis Borges, Other Inquisitions, 1937-1952|I suspected once that any human life, however intricate and full it might be, consisted in reality of one moment: the moment when a man knows for all time who he is.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|In many cases, people hold on so tightly to their past pains to avoid letting go of the “excuses” and the fear of having to be accountable for their life.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|For some reason Miss Jenner had seen fit to come uninvited to Sebastian’s home at a scandalously late hour. To make the situation even more compromising, she was unaccompanied—and spending more than a half minute alone with Sebastian was sufficient to ruin any girl. He was debauched, amoral, and perversely proud of it. He excelled at his chosen occupation—that of degenerate seducer—and he had set a standard few rakes could aspire to.
Kahoko Yamada|Nothing was better than good sex.Chubby Chaser, 11/21/14. Available for preorder on Amazon.
Shane K.P. O'Neill, Bound By Blood: Volume 1 (Bound By Blood, #1)|The beauty of a woman is that no two are the same. They are all different. It follows then that to be successful as a lover, you cannot make love to any two in the same way.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|But I knew a lot more than that; I knew exactly what sort of man he was in his old age, so it wasn't hard to guess what he must have been like as a young man--for a man's character doesn't change after he's thirty. It only becomes more firmly set, and is more deeply marked in his features.
Lori Ann Gerlisky|PS. Docendo discimus. (Latin. By teaching, we learn.)
Ann H. Gabhart, Summer of Joy|Oh... oh guess who is coming?It's comming GreenHollyWood, he thinks that he deserv respect?? Really?I give him awesome and very interesting stuff, he sometimes give awesome and interesting stuff... and after all he wants respect???Do you know how to gain it?Here is two tips first tip, do what I give you like watch the films which I give you and read the books which I give you show that you are interested, that's called sirious (BUt so far this is other topic isn't it?)Second tip suck somebody's dick that's called respect,.. isn't it?
P.H. Newby, Something to Answer For|It’s me, you fool. Who do you think it is? I’m coming in.” He was already naked. She turned away from him as he slipped in by her side but he caught her in his arms and felt her body thaw his belly and thighs. That was all, just to lie there listening to the breathing and the silence and feel the warmth colour his belly and thighs and head. She never wore clothes in bed. They were naked and the warmth run out of her. He wanted to laugh, because it was such a marvelous discovery to make, this warmth. She was hissing like a snake.“No, it’s wrong.” She went on hissing. She brought an elbow back smartly and struck him in the paunch. She seemed all elbows, shoulder blades and heels. It was like trying to make love to a dough-mixing machine. She wanted it, didn’t she, otherwise why all this hissing and moaning?
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or|Having two non-functional parties is not a democracy, it's a losing coin flip.
Janet Evanovich, High Five|For a split second longer she stood motionless. Then, somehow, she had caught at the front of his shirt and pulled him toward her. His arms went around her, lifting her almost out of her sandals, and then he was kissing her—or she was kissing him, she wasn’t sure, and it didn’t matter. The feel of his mouth on hers was electric; her hands gripped his arms, pulling him hard against her. The feel of his heart pounding through his shirt made her dizzy with joy. No one else’s heart beat like Jace’s did, or ever could.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|We all suffer ills at the hands of others; however, reactions to these injustices differ like night and day. Many seek to punish the world for their suffering, while some work hard to save the world from experiencing similar grief.
Clint Eastwood|Extremism is so easy. You've got your position, and that's it. It doesn't take much thought. And when you go far enough to the right you meet the same idiots coming around from the
Kelton Wright, Anonymous Asked: Life Lessons from the Internet's Big Sister|And regardless of whomever I’m with for whatever amount of time, I’ll be with myself the whole time and I want to be good to her. I want her to have a heart like an ocean: endlessly vast, full of wonder, and navigable only by the brave.
Tare Munzara|The landscape of human emotion is ominously changing. The visceral sensation of loneliness and solitude is no longer as palpable and intellectually profound as it was a couple of decades ago because technology has already relieved us, as much as possible, from the burden of any emotional and existential isolation. The intense feeling of being nostalgic or being alone, for instance, is receding from the human emotion because we can now communicate with live video and send messages through any social media to a distant friend or loved one. Consequently, the exponential progress of technology is altering the phenomenological experience of human sensation, robbing us of our ability to get in touch with our humanity and reflect upon the triumphs and madness of our techno-society. Ironically, in our obstinate desire to humanize robots and Artificial Intelligence, our individual existence is, in turn, being digitized and robotized by our own technological inventions. Horribilis! (Danny Castillones Sillada, The Alienation of Solitude and Sorrow)
Amy Plum, Die for Me|Besides the alternate universe offered by a book, the quiet space of a museum was my favorite place to go. My mom said I was an escapist at heart . . . that I preferred imaginary worlds to the real one. It’s true that I’ve always been able to yank myself out of this world and plunge myself into another.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your soul, your spirit and your body.
Li Keqiang|Environmental activism against the resource industry is widespread all over the world, but at the same time we have to realise that these are basic materials on which civilisation depends. We need to tap natural resources in a sustainable manner.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Thankfully, the nature of pain reminds us of what the ease of pleasure foolishly allows us to forget.
Tehya Sky, A Ceremony Called Life: When Your Morning Coffee Is as Sacred as Holy Water|What our consciousness is experiencing is just a sliver of the infinite, multiple realities where we exist simultaneously
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Success must be personalised, contextualized and internalized. Success means something different to each one of us. We each have a unique and peculiar mission in life.
Patricia Schroeder|If you want to thrive in today's economy, you must challenge the status quo and get the financial education necessary to succeed.
Maria Kvilhaug, The Hel Runes Claim: Life of the Oseberg priestess (783-834 AD)|Though I did not know her exact address, that she appeared to live almost within breathing distance of Robin, and that I lived with him, and that her pictures showed that she was now dating the mysterious Rupert Hunter, our despotic mothers, our absent fathers, the borders we had both crossed, all our many parallels and connections at every point, could not be chance. I saw it as evidence of the hidden connections between things, an all-powerful algorithm that sifted through chaos, singling out soulmates.
Jane Smiley|In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it.
frank jymz|And if redemption was self-serving, coming as it did ribbon-tied to what he wanted most in life? For once, Akiva's shame wouldn't rise to the bait. He wanted what he'd always wanted, and he'd better just say it, his own worries and fears be damned.
Stephen King, The Stand|For God’s sake, Larry, grow up. Develop a little self-righteousness. A lot of that is an ugly thing, God knows, but a little applied over all your scruples is an absolute necessity! It is to the soul what a good sunblock is to the skin during the heat of the summer. You can only captain your own soul, and from time to time some smart-ass psychologist will question your ability to even do that.
Lorne Ladner, The Lost Art of Compassion: Discovering the Practice of Happiness in the Meeting of Buddhism and Psychology|People sometimes imagine that without desire there would be no enjoyment. The opposite is true. When you're caught up in craving, you never really enjoy anything very much because your mind is always pulling you on to the next desire and the next after that. When you let go of desire, then you're free to enjoy whatever is right in front of you.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|To Jana's mind everybody seemed happy to see BAbichka and resisted returning her, like a misplaced package sent to the wrong address. It was as if the recipient opened it up, knowing it should be returned, but wondering who long they could legitimately keep it before being changed with theft.
Meg Greenfield|There is a type of snobbish, pompous journalist who thinks that the only news that has any validity is war, famine, pestilence or politics. I don't come from that school.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|He who fears he shall suffer, already suffers what he fears.
Adrian Tchaikovsky, Dragonfly Falling|Ah, but it is an interesting thing, that these things can so seldom be proved. If I were to perform some piece of, hrmf, magic for you, here in this room, you would claim a thousand ways it could have been done. Indeed, those ways might be exceedingly unlikely, but you would cling to them rather than accept the, mmn, the chance that magic, the eternal inexplicable, might be the true agent, and if you were strong enough in yourself, unafraid, unthreatened, here in your own chambers, well perhaps there would be no magic worked at all. It is a subjective force, you see, whereas the physical laws of the artificers are objective. A gear-train will turn without faith, but magic may not. And so, when your people demand, mmn, proof, there is none, but when you have forgotten and dismissed it, then magic creeps back into the gaps where you do not look for it.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|We can never go back again, that much is certain. The past is still close to us. The things we have tried to forget and put behind us would stir again, and that sense of fear, of furtive unrest, struggling at length to blind unreasoning panic - now mercifully stilled, thank God - might in some manner unforeseen become a living companion as it had before.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|You have to take opportunities and make an opportunity fit for you, rather than the other way around.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|If I don't take a chance with Gavin Murphy, I think I'll always regret it.
Marcus du Sautoy, The Great Unknown: Seven Journeys to the Frontiers of Science|Life is a field of cosmic consciousness, expressing itself in million ways in space-time through quantum entanglement
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|She did not know where her home was anymore, and this idea didn’t frighten her like it should. - Bohemian Grove
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|You wouldn't walk with your underpants stuck in your bottom, you'd adjust them. So don't treat the inconvenience in your life like ill-fitting wandering underpants, adjust it to be comfortable again.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes a strong wind blows suddenly and you leave your beloved tree without saying even goodbye, like a pale autumn leaf! This uncertainty of life makes every moment in life infinitely precious.
Anthony Liccione|No matter how well you garnish a dish, it wouldn't impress anyone if it didn't taste good.
Joshua Loth Liebman|Count Ayakura’s abstraction persisted. He believed that only a vulgar mentality was willing to acknowledge the possibility of catastrophe. He felt that taking naps was much more beneficial than confronting catastrophes. However precipitous the future might seem, he learned from the game of kemari that the ball must always come down. There was no call for consternation. Grief and rage, along with other outbursts of passion, were mistakes easily committed by a mind lacking in refinement. And the Count was certainly not a man who lacked refinement.Just let matters slide. How much better to accept each sweet drop of the honey that was Time, than to stoop to the vulgarity latent in every decision. However grave the matter at hand might be, if one neglected it for long enough, the act of neglect itself would begin to affect the situation, and someone else would emerge as an ally. Such was Count Ayakura’s version of political theory.
Barry López, About This Life|Over the years, one comes to measure a place, too, not just for the beauty it may give, the balminess of its breezes, the insouciance and relaxation it encourages, the sublime pleasures it offers, but for what it teaches. The way in which it alters our perception of the human. It is not so much that you want to return to indifferent or difficult places, but that you want to not forget.
Homer Rice|You can motivate by fear, and you can motivate by reward. But both those methods are only temporary. The only lasting thing is self motivation.
Isabella Koldras, Reclaiming my Life.|Identity the greatest thing that ever happened to all humanity on earth. Identity the source of knowing who you are and where you come from. Identity the source of understanding yourself and makes you proud to be the person who you are, the daughter, the son of the Most High God.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|It took me awhile to learn the rules. OK, it took the librarian in me weeks of careful obsessive research to learn the rules. There was a label maker involved. I'd rather not go into it.
K.C. Green, Graveyard Quest|I work at the graveyard. It's a family business passed down to me. I seem to be the last in line, however. But I don't plan to stop. I forget to stop and just keep going. Work to be done. Always something to do. I've been working here for hundreds of years. Burying more and more. It's a family business.
Jerry Gladstone|No shortcuts, no letups, no compromise, keep moving forward under any and all conditions!
Anthea Carson, The Dark Lake|To be a hero is to become a paradox. The very act of wanting to be a hero implies that you wish danger upon others in order to save them, for one cannot be a hero without needing someone to save.
Tammy Ferebee|One person's disapproval shouldn't make you quit. If it's your passion, a thousand people screaming 'No!' still won't stop you!
J.A. Armstrong, Under Construction|In my experience, if they love you, they'll find their way to where you are. It just takes some people a little more time than others. If they don't? Well, sometimes you just have to accept that and move on. Candace watched tension etch Jameson's features. Relax, she said. You worry too much about things you can't control, sweetheart.
Girl vs Monster|Verily, a man without fear is either dead or happy to die.
Henry Paulson|When you have a certain fitness projection, it's going to give you an advantage. Having strength, stamina and speed is important because I'm working with dogs who can kill me.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|We've forgotten much. How to struggle, how to rise to dizzy heights and sink to unparalleled depths. We no longer aspire to anything. Even the finer shades of despair are lost to us. We've ceased to be runners. We plod from structure to conveyance to employment and back again. We live within the boundaries that science has determined for us. The measuring stick is short and sweet. The full gamut of life is a brief, shadowy continuum that runs from gray to more gray. The rainbow is bleached. We hardly know how to doubt anymore. (“The Thing”)
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|Because we want to be inwardly secure, we are constantly seeking methods and means for this security, and thereby we create authority, the worship of another, which destroys comprehension, that spontaneous tranquility of mind in which alone there can be a state of creativeness.
Salman Rushdie, Joseph Anton: A Memoir|Nobody ever wanted to go to war, but if a war came your way, it might as well be the right war, about the most important things in the world, and you might as well, if you were going to fight it, be called "Rushdie," and stand where your father had placed you, in the tradition of the grand Aristotelian, Averroës, Abul Walid Muhammad ibn Ahmad ibn Rushd.
Luise Rainer|I'm very free with all my emotions, whether it's happy, sad, mad, glad, whatever.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You became moon dust in my soul, I couldn't quite brush you away because somehow you always returned to haunt my heart.
Colleen Chen|Apply the lie detector to everything. You will be amazed at how many lies you will discover. Beware tough, you may discover that you are a lie.
Joanna Russ, The Female Man|We would gladly have listened to her (they said) if only she had spoken like a lady. But they are liars and the truth is not in them.Shrill… vituperative… no concern for the future of society… maunderings of antiquated feminism… selfish femlib… needs a good lay… this shapeless book… of course a calm and objective discussion is beyond… twisted, neurotic… some truth buried in a largely hysterical… of very limited interest, I should… another tract for the trash-can… burned her bra and thought that… no characterization, no plot… really important issues are neglected while… hermetically sealed… women's limited experience… another of the screaming sisterhood… a not very appealing aggressiveness… could have been done with wit if the author had… deflowering the pretentious male… a man would have given his right arm to… hardly girlish… a woman's book… another shrill polemic which the… a mere male like myself can hardly… a brilliant but basically confused study of feminine hysteria which… feminine lack of objectivity… this pretense at a novel… trying to shock… the tired tricks of the anti-novelists… how often must a poor critic have to… the usual boring obligatory references to Lesbianism… denial of the profound sexual polarity which… an all too womanly refusal to face facts… pseudo-masculine brusqueness… the ladies'-magazine level… trivial topics like housework and the predictable screams of… those who cuddled up to ball-breaker Kate will… unfortunately sexless in its outlook… drivel… a warped clinical protest against… violently waspish attack… formidable self-pity which erodes any chance of… formless… the inability to accept the female role which… the predictable fury at anatomy displaced to… without the grace and compassion which we have the right to expect… anatomy is destiny… destiny is anatomy… sharp and funny but without real weight or anything beyond a topical… just plain bad… we "dear ladies," whom Russ would do away with, unfortunately just don't feel… ephemeral trash, missiles of the sex war… a female lack of experience which… Q. E. D. Quod erat demonstrandum. It has been proved.
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|I believe in kindness and karma—which could make me a Buddhist. I believe in mystic healing and crystals’ powers—which could make me a witch. I believe in truth, honor, and forgiveness—which could make me a Christian. I even believe in the existence of past lives and that each and every one of us is watched over by guides from the other side—which, to some, would make me totally woo-woo squared.
J. Lynn|Okay.” Chase paused for a beat. “But can I give you a word of advice?”	“No.”	Chase grinned and went on. “If you make Bridget unhappy, you’re gonna make Maddie unhappy. And that’s going to make me very unhappy.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|The unstated premise that nature is nice lies behind many of the objections to the Darwinian theory of human sexuality. Carefree sex is natural and good, it is assumed, so if someone claims that men want it more than women do, it would imply that men are mentally healthy and women neurotic and repressed. That conclusion is unacceptable, so the claim that men want carefree sex more than women do cannot be correct. Similarly, sexual desire is good, so if men rape for sex (rather than to express anger towards women), rape would not be as evil. Rape is evil; therefore the claim that men rape for sex cannot be correct. More generally, what people instinctively like is good, so if people like beauty, beauty would be a sign of worth. Beauty is not a sign of worth, so the claim that people like beauty cannot be correct.These kinds of arguments combine bad biology (nature is nice), bad psychology (the mind is created by society), and bad ethics (what people like is good). Feminism would lose nothing by giving them up.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|Try to remember some details. For the worldis filled with people who were torn from their sleepwith no one to mend the tear,and unlike wild beasts they liveeach in his lonely hiding place and they dietogether on battlefieldsand in hospitals.And the earth will swallow all of them,good and evil together, like the followers of Korah,all of them in their rebellion against death,their mouths open till the last moment,praising and cursing in a singlehowl. Try, tryto remember some details.
Stuart Finlay, What Churchill Would Do|All the nut eaters and food faddists I have ever known, died early after a long period of senile decay - Winston Churchill
Don Roff|Creativity and intelligence, rather than violence, are the best problem solvers.
Kaya McLaren, How I Came to Sparkle Again|God, in his wisdom, sent us his angels, to whisper our names on the wind. God, in his anger, released his devils, to pester our souls to the end.
Hannah Kent|In boxing, I had a lot of fear. Fear was good. But, for the first time, in the bout with Muhammad Ali, I didn't have any fear. I thought, 'This is easy. This is what I've been waiting for'. No fear at all. No nervousness. And I lost.
Arlaina Tibensky, And Then Things Fall Apart|Computers are quiet and clean and totally distracting because the Internet is there, lying in wait for a moment of weakness to pounce on your creativity and progress.
Dawn Garcia|I had feared this end, wondered where I would go from it, from the moment I first stepped on this footpath in the desert. But I found I was not afraid of reaching it now. I was happy. I hadn't found every answer for where I was going, but I now had all I needed to take these next steps. I knew I would do what I needed to become a writer now.
Sandeep Sahajpal|If we contest with a lesser opponent, we reduce ourselves, and in the process wind up being lesser accomplished.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|You know, when it works, love is amazing. It's not overrated.
Dave Barry|I have been feeling very clearheaded lately and what I want to write about today is the sea. It contains so many colors. Silver at dawn, green at noon, dark blue in the evening. Sometimes it looks almost red. Or it will turn the color of old coins. Right now the shadows of clouds are dragging across it, and patches of sunlight are touching down everywhere. White strings of gulls drag over it like beads.It is my favorite thing, I think, that I have ever seen. Sometimes I catch myself staring at it and forget my duties. It seems big enough to contain everything anyone could ever feel.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Unspoken|I think that love is like candy.""I don't like candy either," I say. He smiles at me and shakes his head. "I think anyone who says they don't like candy just hasn't found the right flavor.
T.S. Eliot|Let’s just say that once the party was over, the Tribe had the decency to put most of the things back into place with the possible, and otherwise notable, exception of the platypus and a moronic drinking game that later evolved into the imperial measurement system.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|The palimpsests of molecules need not be overwritten, for machines make once-ephemeral words persist: they collect in gutters; they pile up and require sweeping; they hang in air like morning fog.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|In the silence, while awaiting the distant footsteps of death he heard someone weeping! O God, was that you?
E.M. Youman, The Prince's Plan|I had drunk myself to oblivion,Stepped from the room into a dreamless slumber,My consciousness had parted ways,Taking a well-earned vacation.
Bob Newhart|If you look at Jack Benny, George Burns, or Don Rickles, they've all had long, successful marriages. So, I think there's something about laughter and the durability of a marriage.
Jon Woodson|Something refused to come into focus in my thinking. Indistinctly, as though in a fog, shapes moved toward me and retreated just beyond cognition. But that getting a hold of things is the uncertainty. As the Tractatus says right at the beginning, “The world is everything that is the case.” It seemed as though the Mammy≈Divas® were just like Steve Jobs, trying to have reality bent to their own wills. Objectively, the iPhone was a muddle of mysticism and logic—breakable glass, non-ergonomic design, lousy battery life, lousy irreplaceable battery, lousy headphone jack, lousy virtual keyboard, lousy email, lousy memory, lousy lice, etc., etc, and an interface that you had to adapt to by pretending as an article of faith that no adaptation was required. The Mammy≈Divas® promised a seamless racial interface—eternal blackness ordered and majestic. They put a benign face on their lust for panoptic power. They promised to discipline and punish with pancakes.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|Literature is my Utopia. Here I am not disenfranchised. No barrier of the senses shuts me out from the sweet, gracious discourses of my book friends. They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness.
Dashiell Hammett|Like many men who experience fatherhood relatively late in life, Martin Luther was a devoted parent. Luther wrote his children letters of touching intensity, patiently converting the joys of the Christian life into a language of storytelling fit for the very young. A home with children brought out the best in Luther in a way that theological disputation patently did not.
H. G. Wells|A failure doesn't mean you are unworthy, nor does it preclude success on the next try.
Todd Stocker|The problem Christians have isn’t our belief in what God could do, but on what God should do.
Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden|Ava's father believed that myths and fairy tales - like dreams - opened a window into the unconscious. by listening to the language of dreams and old tales, he said, all humans could learn to understand themselves and the world, better.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|Doffing the ego'ssafe glory, he findshis naked reality.
Eli Clare, Exile and Pride: Disability, Queerness, and Liberation|People have wanted to narrate since first we banged rocks together & wondered about fire. There’ll be tellings as long as there are any of us here, until the stars disappear one by one like turned-out lights.
Katie MacAlister, Dragon Fall|Oh, boy," Jim said, giving an excited wiggle. "Cat fight! Wish I had some popcorn.
Laurie Perez, Torpor: Though the Heart Is Warm|Now, what’s stirring in this murky sea of complexity and foolishness is an almost suffocating need to breathe fresh history.
Robert B. Oxnam, A FRACTURED MIND: MY LIFE WITH MULTIPLE PERSONALITY DISORDER|I resolved to come right to the point. "Hello," I said as coldly as possible, "we've got to talk.""Yes, Bob," he said quietly, "what's on your mind?" I shut my eyes for a moment, letting the raging frustration well up inside, then stared angrily at the psychiatrist."Look, I've been religious about this recovery business. I go to AA meetings daily and to your sessions twice a week. I know it's good that I've stopped drinking. But every other aspect of my life feels the same as it did before. No, it's worse. I hate my life. I hate myself."Suddenly I felt a slight warmth in my face, blinked my eyes a bit, and then stared at him."Bob, I'm afraid our time's up," Smith said in a matter-of-fact style."Time's up?" I exclaimed. "I just got here.""No." He shook his head, glancing at his clock. "It's been fifty minutes. You don't remember anything?""I remember everything. I was just telling you that these sessions don't seem to be working for me."Smith paused to choose his words very carefully. "Do you know a very angry boy named 'Tommy'?""No," I said in bewilderment, "except for my cousin Tommy whom I haven't seen in twenty years...""No." He stopped me short. "This Tommy's not your cousin. I spent this last fifty minutes talking with another Tommy. He's full of anger. And he's inside of you.""You're kidding?""No, I'm not. Look. I want to take a little time to think over what happened today. And don't worry about this. I'll set up an emergency session with you tomorrow. We'll deal with it then."RobertThis is Robert speaking. Today I'm the only personality who is strongly visible inside and outside. My own term for such an MPD role is dominant personality. Fifteen years ago, I rarely appeared on the outside, though I had considerable influence on the inside; back then, I was what one might call a "recessive personality." My passage from "recessive" to "dominant" is a key part of our story; be patient, you'll learn lots more about me later on. Indeed, since you will meet all eleven personalities who once roamed about, it gets a bit complex in the first half of this book; but don't worry, you don't have to remember them all, and it gets sorted out in the last half of the book. You may be wondering -- if not "Robert," who, then, was the dominant MPD personality back in the 1980s and earlier? His name was "Bob," and his dominance amounted to a long reign, from the early 1960s to the early 1990s. Since "Robert B. Oxnam" was born in 1942, you can see that "Bob" was in command from early to middle adulthood.Although he was the dominant MPD personality for thirty years, Bob did not have a clue that he was afflicted by multiple personality disorder until 1990, the very last year of his dominance. That was the fateful moment when Bob first heard that he had an "angry boy named Tommy" inside of him. How, you might ask, can someone have MPD for half a lifetime without knowing it? And even if he didn't know it, didn't others around him spot it?To outsiders, this is one of the most perplexing aspects of MPD. Multiple personality is an extreme disorder, and yet it can go undetected for decades, by the patient, by family and close friends, even by trained therapists. Part of the explanation is the very nature of the disorder itself: MPD thrives on secrecy because the dissociative individual is repressing a terrible inner secret. The MPD individual becomes so skilled in hiding from himself that he becomes a specialist, often unknowingly, in hiding from others. Part of the explanation is rooted in outside observers: MPD often manifests itself in other behaviors, frequently addiction and emotional outbursts, which are wrongly seen as the "real problem."The fact of the matter is that Bob did not see himself as the dominant personality inside Robert B. Oxnam. Instead, he saw himself as a whole person. In his mind, Bob was merely a nickname for Bob Oxnam, Robert Oxnam, Dr. Robert B. Oxnam, PhD.
Dule Hill|A few weeks after my mom passed in November of 2013, I came back from an injury and entered the Egg Bowl in the second half against Ole Miss. I'll never forget the feeling when I walked back out on the field. As I walked into the Egg Bowl, the crowd stood up and clapped like they were enveloping me in a giant hug.
Ace Antonio Hall, Lord of the Flies: Fitness for Writers|When Learning to "LOVE YOURSELF", you attract two types of energies: Lovers & Haters. Lovers should take you higher, haters should inspire. Both should give you fire to illuminate your environment.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|It's like this,' began the elder. 'All these sentences of hard labour in Siberian prisons, and formerly with flogging, too, do not reform anyone and, what's more, scarcely deter even one criminal, and, far from diminishing, the number of crimes are steadily increasing. You have to admit that. It therefore follows that society is not in the least protected, for though a harmful member is cut off automatically and exiled to some remote spot just to get rid of him, another criminal takes his place at once, and often, two, perhaps. If anything does protect society even today and indeed reforms the criminal himself and brings about his regeneration, it is, again, only the law of Christ, which reveals itself in the awareness of one's own consciousness. Only by recognizing his own guilt as a son of a Christian society, that is, of the Church, does the criminal recognize his guilt towards society itself, that is, towards the Church. The criminal today, therefore, is capable of recognizing his guilt only towards the Church, and not towards the State.
Sunday Adelaja|Be an instrument of redemption, there are still unreached people
Zadie Smith, Swing Time|To her credit, though, Trace didn't lose her famous temper, not at that moment. At eighteen she was already expert at the older woman's art of fermenting rage, conserving it, for later use.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|Like time suspended, a wound unmended-- you and I.  We had no ending, no said goodbye;  For all my life, I'll wonder why.
Alan W. Watts|During this journey it was as if he again thought over his whole life and reached the same old comforting and hopeless conclusion: that there was no need for him to start anything, that he had to live out his life without doing evil, without anxiety, and without wishing for anything.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|I got my lawyer to visit me in the jail. He couldn’t believe the bruising over my body, so he pulled the governor and asked why I was covered in marks. The governor said to my lawyer that it was ‘self-inflicted’ and was caused by my ‘running into walls’. That part was disproved because walls don’t leave footprints all over your body.
Philip Larkin|Never such innocence,Never before or since,As changed itself to pastWithout a word--the menLeaving the gardens tidy,The thousands of marriagesLasting a little while longer:Never such innocence again.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|That is how sin works. Having nothing in itself by which to convince, on what other resources but good and truth can it draw to make itself attractive and plausible? We must use the natural law to recognize the abuse of the natural law; there is nothing else to use.
Thomas Aquinas|The truth of our faith becomes a matter of ridicule among the infidels if any Catholic, not gifted with the necessary scientific learning, presents as dogma what scientific scrutiny shows to be false.
Darren L. Johnson|It's not a case of the glass being half full or half empty; more that we tipped a whole half-pint into an empty pint pot. I had to see how much was there, though, and now I know.
Albert Szent-Gyorgyi|I don't care about having money. It's about being happy, man.
Louis L'Amour, The Proving Trail|I'm sorry! I really am! I wanted to get out of this place! I want to live! I want to get away from here and never see it again! I hate everything about it!""You will hate the next place, too," I said. "What you are you will carry with you.
Amitav Ghosh, Sea of Poppies|There's so much one doesn't know; it wasn't my business to know. I mean, when a child asks you how a helicopter works or who made the world–well, what are you to answer if you're a Beta and have always worked in the Fertilizing Room? What are you to answer?
Amit Kalantri|Eccentricity of a creative mind may not be pleasing for the people around it, but it is important for the progress.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|In the world of so-called villains, what we need is not another hero. What we need is to stop the influx of people who dress themselves as menaces and proceed to harm others.
Andrew Wommack, A Better Way to Pray|If loving and communing with God isn’t your primary purpose in prayer, you’re missing out on what Christianity is all about!
Heather     James, Fire|While they argued, the pain blazed on. My blood boiled in my veins. Why was I doing this? Was he worth all of this pain? Why should I care if he lived or died?"I love him." The words came out as a whisper, but they seemed to diminish the heat. I felt stronger and more sure of myself.
Billie Holiday|In a full heart there is room for everything, and in an empty heart there is room for nothing.
Michael Grant, Gone|I didn't know the real reason that she was crying. I was just carried away by the feeling of her in my arms, trembling and warm.
Christian Wiman, Every Riven Thing: Poems|And I Said To My Soul, Be LoudMadden me back to an afternoonI carry in menot like a woundbut like a will against a woundGive me again enough manto be the childchoosing my own annihilationsTo make of this severed limba wand to conjurea weapon to shatterdark matter of the dirt daubers' nestsgalaxies of glassWhacking glintsbash-dancing on the cellar's fireI am the sound the sun would makeif the sun could make a soundand the gasp of rotstabbed from the compost's lumpen living deathis meO my life my war in a jarI shake you and shake youand may the best ant winFor I am come a whirlwind of wasted thingsand I will ride this tantrum back to Goduntil my fixed self, my fluorescent selfmy grief–nibbling, unbewildered, wall–to–wall selfwithers in me like a salted slug
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|I bought you love poetry! 'I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.'" I blink at him. "Neruda. I starred the passage. God," he moans. "Why didn't you open it?
Anita Baker|Every five years, I like to do a big birthday party. I had my 45th birthday with 75 friends in Marrakesh, Morocco.
Mike Rogers|When I went to the University, the medical school was the only place where one could hope to find the means to study life, its nature, its origins, and its ills.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When employees are motivated and love what they do you will see higher productivity, less turnover, healthier communication, increased loyalty, and a happier environment.
Zoe McLellan|I am just as ordinary as anyone else, and I also have my problems, but I also am responsible for my own health. So I'll be on that exercise bike, I'll be out there walking and try to improve my health and diet as much as I'm expecting of other Tasmanians.
Chris Tomlin, And If Our God Is for Us...|Our God is Greater, Our God is Stronger, God, you are Higher than any other, Our God is Healer, Awesome in Power, Our God,Our God.
Jules Barnard, Deep Blue|She thinks you're stalking me.""Why the hell would I do that? I see too much of your ugly mug as it is.
Sasha Alsberg, Zenith Part 1|Dex crouched down next to her, lips level with her ear. "You know, you were a lot more fun three years ago."It was like he wanted her to kill him.She turned, unfazed that their faces were separated by mere centimeters. So close she could see the pores in his caramel skin, the deep brown of his eyes, and the raised scar that rested near his temple.She'd given him that scar.What she also noticed was how her heart no longer fluttered like it used to when he looked at her. She used to love his eyes, their unspoken words. The feel of his skin against hers during their passionate nights, but now those thoughts made her cringe. She guarded herself against those details scrounged from distant memories. They were no longer part of a blissful reality but a hurtful past."A lot has changed in three years, Dextro," Andi said calmly. "Now if you don't move, I'll give you a new scar, and this time," she said, pointing to his right temple, "it will be across your neck."He put his arms up in defense before rising, distancing himself from her.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|I began a lifelong affair with nostalgia, with only the vaguest notions of what I was nostalgic for.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Roads go ever ever on,Over rock and under tree,By caves where never sun has shone,By streams that never find the sea;Over snow by winter sown,And through the merry flowers of June,Over grass and over stone,And under mountains of the moon.Roads go ever ever onUnder cloud and under star,Yet feet that wandering have goneTurn at last to home afar.Eyes that fire and sword have seenAnd horror in the halls of stoneLook at last on meadows greenAnd trees and hills they long have known
Erich Neumann, The Fear of the Feminine and Other Essays on Feminine Psychology|The result of this one-sided patriarchal stance, demonstrable in all areas of life, is an un integrated man who is attacked by his repressed side and often enough overwhelmed by it. This transpires not only in the fate of the individual man as seduction by a "lower" anima, but equally through seduction by a compensatory ideology, for example materialism, to which "spirit" men are especially susceptible.The man wants to remain exclusively masculine and out of fear rejects the transformative contact with a woman of equal status. Negativizing the Feminine in the patriarchate prevents the man from experiencing woman as a thou of equal but different status, and hence from coming to terms with her. The consequence of the patriarchal male's haughtiness toward women leads to the inability to make any genuine contact with the Feminine, i.e., not only in a real woman but also with the Feminine in himself, the unconscious. Whenever an integral relationship to the Feminine remains undeveloped, however, this means that, due to his fear, the male is unable to break through to his own wholeness that also embraces the Feminine. Thus the patriarchal culture's separation from the Feminine and from the unconscious becomes one of the essential causes for the crisis of fear in which the patriarchal world now finds itself.
José Rizal, Noli Me Tángere|I can concede that the government has no knowledge of the people, but I believe the people know less of the government. There are useless officials, evil, if you like, but there are also good ones, and these are not able to accomplish anything because they encounter an inert mass, the population that takes little part in matters that concern them.
Neal Shusterman, Dread Locks|Anyone who would rejoice to see someone else live a life of destruction is also, living an unrighteous life.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you're a square peg in a society full of round holes, it's time to change the playing board.
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|The moment you inject information, education, and an entrepreneurial spark in a community, it gets empowered enough to inspire, build, and uplift itself.
Enock Maregesi|I have written all the 406 pages of my book in Swahili words. Even the countries are in Swahili. Instead of 'Nigeria', for example, I have written 'Nijeria'. That is how it is written in the Swahili dictionary. This can seem as a minor detail and that people may find my mission close to ridiculous! However, single letters and commas matter.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With heavy rainfall, the river will overflow its banks. This is spirit of gratitude; the more grateful you are, the more your life overflow with abundance.
Arthur Conan Doyle|I always felt that a scientist owes the world only one thing, and that is the truth as he sees it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It’s cruelty that gets to me. Still, it’s important to read about cruelty.“Why is it important?” Because when you read about it, it’s easier to recognize. That was always the hardest thing in the refugee camps—to hear the stories of the people who had been raped or mutilated or forced to watch a parent or a sister or a child be raped or killed. It’s very hard to come face-to-face with such cruelty. But people can be cruel in lots of ways, some very subtle. I think that’s why we all need to read about it. I think that’s one of the amazing things about Tennessee Williams’s plays. He was so attuned to cruelty—the way Stanley treats Blanche in A Streetcar Named Desire. It starts with asides and looks and put-downs. There are so many great examples from Shakespeare—when Goneril torments King Lear or the way Iago speaks to Othello. And what I love about Dickens is the way he presents all types of cruelty. You need to learn to recognize these things right from the start. Evil almost always starts with small cruelties.
Saadi, The Bustan of Sa'di|If we are quiet enough, we can hear it: the space between us filling up fast with all the things we are too afraid to say to each other.
Marcha A. Fox, A Dark of Endless Days|We women have intuition," Barby said loftily. "I wouldn't expect you to understand. I can't imagine why there aren't more women detectives.
Ali Harris, The First Last Kiss|It's amazing how, over the course of one's life, you collect so much music you don't like, so many movies you don't watch and so many books you have no intention of reading. If only regret stopped with the trivial things such as these.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|I think if you went back to the eighteenth century and you asked a fifteen year old boy, 'Would you like to marry a woman who has had plastic bags needlessly inserted into her breasts?', that fifteen year old boy would probably be like, 'what's plastic?'.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|You can't look back - you just have to put the past behind you, and find something better in your future.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I worship her, Alyosha, worship her. Only she doesn't see it. No, she still thinks I don't love her enough. And she tortures me, tortures me with her love. The past was nothing! In the past it was only that infernal body of hers that tortured me, but now I've taken all her soul into my soul and through her I've become a man. Will they marry us? If they don't I will die of jealousy. I imagine something every day...
Ally Condie, Matched|Ever since the day of the mistake with my Match. I've never known which life is my true one. Even with the reassurances of the Offical that day in the greenspace, I think a part of me hasn't felt at peace. It was as though I saw for the first time that life could branch into different paths, take different directions.
Bill Nye|I do not recognize the right of the public to break in the front door of a man's private life in order to satisfy the gaze of the curious... I do not think it right to dissect living men even for the advancement of science. So far as I am concerned, I prefer a post mortem examination to vivisection without anaesthetics.
David Nicholls|Listen to me, Madison. I can’t have you running away from me. I know you needed some time today to process and work through everything, but don’t push me away. I don’t like it. I want to be the one you run to, not the one you run from.
D.A. Rhine, Vampires of the Chesapeake: Rees Morgan|When her gaze landed upon his lips, he scooted closer and brushed his mouth over hers. Fire ignited low in his belly and desire coursed through his veins. No doubt, his John Thomas was doing all the thinking; he knew he should listen to the head between his shoulders, the one telling him this was a mistake, but the one between his legs was more insistent.
M.R. Neer, The Elixir of Freedom|In every time, in every culture, ordinary people have done extraordinary things.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|Student-people are different from other people. They spend their entire life asking questions, and as soon as they have found out the answers, they start all over again with new, harder questions... when a student-person finds a good answer to a hard question, the other student-people will gasp, hug each other, and then throw a party. Those parties never last long, for student-people are in a hurry to go back to work and find new answers.
D.H. Lawrence|No matter how far away we are from each other in distance, or in time, when we look up into the clear night Sky. We will always see the same Moon.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|After a traumatic experience, the human system of self-preservation seems to go onto permanent alert, as if the danger might return at any moment.
Kassandra Cross, Sex with the CEO: A Billionaire Romance|Although she was beautiful, he knew that that wasn’t enough anymore.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Love wasn't to be measured, much less restricted, by methodology. Love wasn't a method. Love was a faculty of the highest order, imagined or unimagined. Love wasn't an activity. Love was an experience. Love was the second coming of innocence.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Watches are the only jewelry men can wear, unless you're Mr. T.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Because this business of becoming conscious, of being a writer, is ultimately about asking yourself, How alive am I willing to be?
Gustave Flaubert, Sentimental Education|The hearts of women are like those little pieces of furniture with secret hiding - places, full of drawers fitted into each other; you go to a lot of trouble, break your nails, and in the bottom find some withered flower, a few grains of dust - or emptiness!
Hannah Arendt, The Human Condition|When you are born, outside world already exists. When you begin to understand life, all you acquire is the outside world’s beliefs, and different experiences and impressions from the outside world. In the process, you forget to know the person, who entered into this earth and the purpose of his birth.
Marcus J. Borg, Speaking Christian: Why Christian Words Have Lost Their Meaning and Power - And How They Can Be Restored|For most of the hours of the day—and most of the months of the year—the sun had the town trapped deep in dust, far out in the chaparral flats, a heaven for snakes and horned toads, roadrunners and stinging lizards, but a hell for pigs and Tennesseans.
John Elder Robison, Look Me in the Eye: My Life with Asperger's|Just as she was unaware of the hidden currents of politics running below the surface of College affairs, so the Scholars, for their part, would have been unable to see the rich seething stew of alliances and enmities and feuds and treaties which was a child’s life in Oxford. Children playing together: how pleasant to see! What could be more innocent and charming?
Sasha Martin, Life from Scratch: A Memoir of Food, Family, and Forgiveness|If the sun isn't shining where you are, be the sunshine where you are.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|Just when we thought everything was going to be okay, we all fell apart.
Colleen Houck|I don’t understand how I could have believed you were a warm, affectionate, and tenderhearted person! You’re obviously as prickly as a porcupine and any man who comes close to you will end up with a face full of quills!
Stephen Hawking|As a football team, you head into the season the same way with confidence and a positive mindset that you are going to win a bunch of football games.
Olly Murs|One of my most vivid memories from 1974 was the gas station at the foot of the hill below my Southern California high school - car lines snaking out into the street, heralding the failure of the government's price controls and lame ideas such as odd-even rationing.
Mary McLeod Bethune|I actually do not believe that there are any collisions between what I believe as a Christian, and what I know and have learned about as a scientist. I think there's a broad perception that that's the case, and that's what scares many scientists away from a serious consideration of faith.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Life is beautiful in all its colors, even the darker ones, they’re here for a reason.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|For a long time, she sat and saw.She had seen her brother die with one eye open, on still in a dream. She had said goodbye to her mother and imagined her lonely wait for a train back home to oblivion. A woman of wire had laid herself down, her scream traveling the street, till it fell sideways like a rolling coin starved of momentum. A young man was hung by a rope made of Stalingrad snow. She had watched a bomber pilot die in a metal case. She had seen a Jewish man who had twice given her the most beautiful pages of her life marched to a concentration camp. And at the center of all of it, she saw the Fuhrer shouting his words and passing them around.Those images were the world, and it stewed in her as she sat with the lovely books and their manicured titles. It brewed in her as she eyed the pages full to the brims of their bellies with paragraphs and words.
Jim Harrison|A poet must discover that it’s his own story that is true, even if the truth is small indeed.
Narendra Modi|Upon the subject of education, not presuming to dictate any plan or system respecting it, I can only say that I view it as the most important subject which we, as a people, can be engaged in.
Rachel Caine, Lord of Misrule|God is forgiving or we would not still be walking this world. But to be moral is not to need his divine forgiveness, I think.
V.S. Naipaul|I liked to feel I had to do things perfectly; I felt I was earning my freedom. Though I was in hiding, and though I worked every day until midnight, I felt I was much more in charge of myself than I had ever been.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|They say it's impossible.I refuse to believe it. The journey may be difficult and the desired end unlikely. My patience and commitment may be tested by something that won't happen overnight. It may be that I veer off the path or quit before reaching my goal, but that doesn't mean it is impossible.
Troye Sivan|We could argue about what constitutes the creepiest line in pop music, but for me it's early Beatles- John Lennon, actually- singing 'I'd rather see you dead, little girl, than to be with another man.
Gary D. Schmidt|Would you have left a guy being beat up to go find a teacher?' I asked.My father, he wiped his hand across his face, and what was left behind was a smile.Really, a smile.'Not in a million years,' he said.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Whole life is a search for the splendor of love, companionship, and beauty. When I found you, my search ended, and we began a magnificent journey of one heart, one mind, and one destiny.
David W. Earle|...the state of perfection is an elusive goal; demanding something so obscure as almost unattainable and can become a compulsive, crazy making squirrel-on-a-wheel way of living.
Akif Pirinçci, Felidae|Everyone wants to rule the world . . . Really, absolutely everyone. That's what it's all about, isn't it? That's what it's always about in the end. And every species believes it's number one. Every individual is firmly convinced that he or she alone has the right to ascend to the throne and issue orders to get rid of others. And in reality everyone is fooling themselves, because up there on the throne it's lonely and cold.
Robert Lynn Asprin|When things are at their blackest, I say to myself, 'Cheer up, things could be worse.' And sure enough, they get worse.
Paul Simon|You know the funny thing, I don't get along with rich people. I get along with the middle class and the poor people better than I get along with the rich people.
Rose Wynters, Phase One: Identify|She turned back to the reporter, holding out the microphone. “I'm not an expert, I'm a survivor. I hope you can learn how to be one yourself.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|Deanna Durbin's movies are about innocence and sweetness. They're from a different time and a different place. Outside the movie house, there was Depression, poverty, war, death, and loss. Audiences then were willing to pretend, to enter into a game of escape. No one really thought that the world was like a Deanna Durbin movie, they just wanted to pretend it was for about an hour and a half.
Charles B. Rangel|Any spending should be debated openly on the floor of the House and voted on in open session, with the American people having a chance to watch and listen.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|Standing there small among the boxes of Kandy Kakes that rose like brownish cartoon cliffs around him, he resembled the videos I'd seen of sea lions floating angelically among the kelp, black bodies filmed from below, their shapes cut out in bright sunlight, bodies mistakable for those of a human being. I felt the memory of a shadowy arm around me, a watcher again, sitting there on the couch with my boyfriend, watching the animals become prey. Somewhere there were giant whales feeding on creatures too small to see, pressing them against fronds of baleen with a tongue the size of a sedan. There were polar bears killing seals, tearing ovoid chunks from out of their smooth, round bellies. In the surrounding vastness of the warehouse, I heard something scratching against the concrete floor and knew there were rats here, scraping a thin film of nutrient from the dry packaged matter that surrounded them. Life was everywhere, inescapable, imperative.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Sadly, it seems that I have the proclivity to create plenty of devils, but most of the time I don’t even go looking for angels.
Kamisese Mara|Leave part of the yard rough. Don't manicure everything. Small children in particular love to turn over rocks and find bugs, and give them some space to do that. Take your child fishing. Take your child on hikes.
Unknown|Humanity’s first faster-than-light spacecraft crashed into Pluto and vaporised a significant portion of it. Oops. Pluto’s status as a planet had been a matter of contention since the early twenty-first century and had come close to starting the fourth world war at the beginning of the twenty-second century. Making it even smaller did absolutely nothing to help the situation, and humanity came five minutes, and one hasty phone call, from another world war.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Dirty Fighting : Lethal Okinawan Karate|Not only was it impossible to truly belong in America, but he didn't fit in here anymore either. He was a dweller of two lands, accepted by none.
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|There are many rivers to cross to our successful destinations. Never fear the crocodiles. They may look frightful, but they will not harm you. You will get there! With the right attitude, you ignore the ugly face of the shore and you can paddle your boat to the right destination!
Buzz Aldrin|It is the strange fate of man, that even in the greatest of evils the fear of the worst continues to haunt him.
Richard Attias|In chess, knowledge is a very transient thing. It changes so fast that even a single mouse-slip sometimes changes the evaluation.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Forgiveness doesn’t make one person better, or the other guy smaller. Forgiving is just letting go. It’s turning back toward being what we really are.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Playing someone… the concept of pulling strings at all times, without the other party knowing, or even suspecting anything. Why do we do it?Because we can.
Michael Cox, The Meaning of Night|For Death is the meaning of night;The eternal shadowInto which all lives must fall, All hopes expire.
J.I. Packer|God uses chronic pain and weakness, along with other afflictions, as his chisel for sculpting our lives. Felt weakness deepens dependence on Christ for strength each day. The weaker we feel, the harder we lean. And the harder we lean, the stronger we grow spiritually, even while our bodies waste away. To live with your ‘thorn’ uncomplainingly — that is, sweet, patient, and free in heart to love and help others, even though every day you feel weak — is true sanctification. It is true healing for the spirit. It is a supreme victory of grace.
John Ratzenberger|A farce, or slapstick humor, does well universally.
Toni Morrison, Tar Baby|At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough. No record of it needs to be kept and you don't need someone to share it with or tell it to. When that happens — that letting go — you let go because you can.
Kim Jong Il|In our family, as far as we are concerned, we were born and what happened before that is myth.
Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake|When they're gone out of his head, these words, they'll be gone, everywhere, forever. As if they had never been.
Louise Erdrich, The Blue Jay's Dance: A Birth Year|The French believe that all errors are distant, someone else's fault. Americans believe that there is no distance, no difference, and therefore that there are no errors, that any troubles are simple misunderstandings, consequent on your not yet having spoken English loudly enough.
Jack Kerouac|It no longer makes me cry and die and tear myself to see her go because everything goes away from me like that now — girls, visions, anything, just in the same way and forever and I accept lostness forever.
H.L. Mencken|The trouble with Communism is the Communists, just as the trouble with Christianity is the Christians.
Ashley Cope, Unsounded - Volume 1: The Zombie & The Brat|Don't crack anything unless it's a smile, or an Easter egg :)
Leon Trotsky|It's a failure of national vision when you regard children as weapons, and talents as materials you can mine, assay, and fabricate for profit and defense.
Dariush Youkhaneh, Serving the living God|Your boast does not take you in any place , But your love, YES.
Irving Stone, Lust for Life|Many people have wonderful dreams, but die without realizing them. It is because they do not know how to get a hold of a dream and work with it to make it happen. Everything happens by laws." (From the Secrets To Divine Manifestations by Alain Yaovi M. Dagba
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|Hey, even the Mona Lisa is falling apart.
Guy de Maupassant, The Complete Short Stories of Guy de Maupassant, Part One|Treat your woman with respect, because one day someone will do the same to your daughter.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The degree of ignorance cannot easily be expressed. We may say, for instance, that nearly two-thirds of them cannot read or write. This but partially expresses the fact. They are ignorant of the world about them, of modern economic organization, of the function of government, of individual worth and possibilities,—of nearly all those things which slavery in self-defence had to keep them from learning. Much that the white boy imbibes from his earliest social atmosphere forms the puzzling problems of the black boy’s mature years. America is not another word for Opportunity to all her sons.
Max H. Bazerman|Finding a new ethics or esthetics, as Dr. Douglass asks, will not put us in a state of grace. Existence is not given meaning by importing it into a revelation from the outside. The meaning is —there, in more closely contacting the actual situation, the only situation that there is, whatever it is. As our situation is, closely contacting it would surely result in plenty of trouble and perhaps in terrible social conflicts, terrible opportunities and duties, during which we might learn something and at the end of which we might know something, even a new ethics; for it is in such conflicts that new ethics are discovered. But it is just these conflicts that we do not observe happening. Everybody talks nice. At most there is some unruliness and dumb protest, and some withdrawal.So urging the juveniles to go to church is not serious, for how will the church give them faith? What opportunity will it open?
E.M. Forster|I did not fear that I might tread upon a live rail and be killed. I feared something far more intangible-doing what was not contemplated by the Machine. Then I said to myself, “Man is the measure”, and I went, and after many visits I found an opening.
James Madison|As a corollary to the proposition that all institutions must be subordinated to the law of equal freedom, we cannot choose but admit the right of the citizen to adopt a condition of voluntary outlawry. If every man has freedom to do all that he wills, provided he infringes not the equal freedom of any other man, then he is free to drop connection with the state—to relinquish its protection, and to refuse paying towards its support. It is self-evident that in so behaving he in no way trenches upon the liberty of others; for his position is a passive one; and whilst passive he cannot become an aggressor. It is equally selfevident that he cannot be compelled to continue one of a political corporation, without a breach of the moral law, seeing that citizenship involves payment of taxes; and the taking away of a man’s property against his will, is an infringement of his rights.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Silence: The Power of Quiet in a World Full of Noise|When feeling lonely or anxious, most of us have the habit of looking for distractions, which often leads to some form of unwholesome consumption -- whether eating a snack in the absence of hunger, mindlessly surfing the Internet, going on a drive, or reading. Conscious breathing is a good way to nourish body and mind with mindfulness.
Gigi Hadid|I don't know of too many double Christmas albums, so it is something that's new, and hopefully will be fun, and there's plenty of stuff out there to cut.
Steven Pressfield, The Virtues of War: A Novel of Alexander the Great|A horse must be a bit mad to be a good cavalry mount, and its rider must be completely so.
Benjamin Kofi Quansah|I give 100% to my job because I love what I do. I get 101% in return. What great things love, attitude, passion, and hard work can accomplish!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Everlasting light, everlasting glory.
Abhijit Naskar|Religion is not a book, it is not an institution, and it is not even a person. True Religion is realization of the self.
P.K. Page, Hologram LP: A Book of Glosas|Ah, those foolish days, those foolish days when we were unselfish and pure-minded; those foolish days when our simple hearts were full of truth, and faith, and reverence! Ah, those foolish days of noble longings and of noble strivings! And oh, these wise, clever days when we know that money is the only prize worth striving for, when we believe in nothing else but meanness and lies, when we care for no living creature but ourselves!
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|When tea becomes ritual, it takes its place at the heart of our ability to see greatness in small things. Where is beauty to be found? In great things that, like everything else, are doomed to die, or in small things that aspire to nothing, yet know how to set a jewel of infinity in a single moment?
Debasish Mridha|If we knew how to use the power of our thoughts, we could travel the world in a second.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|A month ago she would have been embarrassed at the confidence. Now she felt a surprising kinship. She was a citizen of the new land, a country she had never before visited, only a rumor, this vast unseen tract, its boundary exactly that of the whole world, taking up the space and shape of the world but completely unlike it. It had a different atmosphere, hard to breathe, and how heavy you were here, it pulled you down like the gravity on Jupiter.
Wilkie Collins, The Moonstone|It is always tedious when someone tells you that if you don't stop crying, they will give you something to cry about, because if you are crying then you already have something to cry about, and so there is no reason for them to give you anything additional to cry about, thank you very much.
Frank O'Connor, Collected Stories|I feel I am the perfect lover, because I love equally all beautiful girls.
Tabi Card, Mersong|I know I play with danger every time I swim, but I need this. I’m Mer and the ocean is mine.
Cameron Dokey, Sunlight and Shadow: A Retelling of The Magic Flute|Soon the grizzly was joined by a brown bear, a sun bear, and a beaver suffering from an identity crisis of magnificent proportion
Charlotte Rogan, The Lifeboat|The stories themselves aren't what moves him now...What moves him are the shadowy people behind the stories, the workers weary from their days, gathering at night in front of a comforting bit of fire...The world then was no less terrifying than it is now, with our nightmares of bombs and disease and technological warfare. Anything held the ability to set of fear...a nail dropped in a the hay, wolves circling at the edge of the woods...
Linda Sue Park, When My Name Was Keoko|A mistake made with good in your heart is still a mistake, but it is one for which you must forgive yourself.
Tamara Summers, Never Bite a Boy on the First Date|It’s the beauty that helps us return from the harshness. If it wasn’t there, we would have nothing to live for.
Raymond Chandler|The realistic style is easy to abuse: from haste, from lack of awareness, from inability to bridge the chasm that lies between what a writer would like to be able to say and what he actually knows how to say. It is easy to fake; brutality is not strength, flipness is not wit, edge-of-the-chair writing can be as boring as flat writing; dalliance with promiscuous blondes can be very dull stuff when described by goaty young men with no other purpose in mind than to describe dalliance with promiscuous blondes.
Sami Abouzid|Why do want to find him so bad?’ I ask after a while, but she’s not listening. I watch her a bitlonger. ‘Why do you want to find him so bad?’ I ask again.She blinks and comes out of her dream. She flicks the band on her wrist. ‘I just do.’ - Ed Skye
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Surrounding the two of them was the love they shared but also an overwhelming feeling of fear--fear of a future filled with the emptiness which would consume them if they remained apart. A fear of a future of being separated forever, and it gripped both of their hearts, demanding preventative action.
Trevor Noah, Born A Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood|A man is not determined by how much he earns. You can still be the man of the house and earn less than your woman. Being a man is not what you have , it's who you are. Being more of a man doesn't mean your woman has to be less than you.
Sandy Blair, A Man In A Kilt|Get a grip on your heart and pride, girl. Nobody has or ever will give a damn whether you're happy or not.
Michael Treanor|Once I stop spending energy trying to prevent things I have no control over, I have a tremendous amount of energy to focus on the places where I can make a difference.
Felix Salten, Bambi|A good wife is Royal in Heart. She is a crown to her husband, and pride to the home where she was raised. She is called a W.I.F.E because she is a Woman In Full Effect.
April White, Waging War|I am the most pious person in the room. Even though I have no pie - I have pizza, and what can be more virtuous than eating all by yourself?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|While it may seem to be a mysterious, ineffable quality—charisma is enhanced and enriched by a person’s attitude and confidence, their aims and optimism, expressive body language, and natural effervescence.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath|By noon Carter reached the jasper terraces of Kiran which slope down to the river's edge and bear that temple of loveliness wherein the King of Ilek-Vad comes from his far realm on the twilight sea once a year in a golden palanquin to pray to the god of Oukranos, who sang to him in youth when he dwelt in a cottage by its banks. All of jasper is that temple, and covering an acre of ground with its walls and courts, its seven pinnacled towers, and its inner shrine where the river enters through hidden channels and the god sings softly in the night. Many times the moon hears strange music as it shines on those courts and terraces and pinnacles, but whether that music be the song of the god or the chant of the cryptical priests, none but the King of Ilek-Vad may say; for only he had entered the temple or seen the priests. Now, in the drowsiness of day, that carven and delicate fane was silent, and Carter heard only the murmur of the great stream and the hum of the birds and bees as he walked onward under the enchanted sun.
George Meredith, The Ordeal of Richard Feverel|This medical view of an ideal male who was insulated from pathogens was inextricably bound up with a parallel discourse about the maintenance of strong ego boundaries, a psychic investment in one’s bodily peripheries that effected a gradual closing (and, one might say, a closing off) of the male body, at once from the outer world of dangerous stimuli and from the inner world of threatening passions. Without a doubt, as Norbert Elias has shown, in the western world both men and women experienced a shift in their sense of personal boundaries during the early modern era where, amid changing social circumstances, rising thresholds of repugnance and shame were manifested among the upper-classes as a growing aversion to their own bodily functions and to the bodies of others. The changes wrought by new developments in table manners and etiquette were extended by the introduction of hygienic practices in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries that endeavored to maximise the order and cleanliness of the social body while futher compartmentalising the bourgeois self as a discrete bodily unit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Cut out some of your “important social engagements,” and make your home the center of your social life. God will honor you, and your children will grow up to call you “blessed” [Proverbs 31:28].
Dolly Parton|I never thought, in my lifetime, that you'd be able to watch movies, read books and listen to music from a phone, but I guess the technology of tomorrow is here today.
Gaurav GRV Sharma|If I burn the candles, it means not only giving you light. It means to show you the fire which I have inside.
Anthony T. Hincks|Things don’t only change, they also change you; sometimes for good, sometimes not.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the world stands in between a man and the woman he loves, he will set out to conquer it.
نزار قباني|In some parallel universe, there was a Gansey who could tell Blue that he found the ten inches of her bare calves far more tantalizing than the thirteen cubic feet of bare skin Orla sported. But in this universe, that was Adam’s job. He was in a terrible mood.
Haidji, Harables: Short Stories 1|Love does not choose belief, place, time, situations, or race. love happens between two souls.
Norman Lloyd|I inherited my weight problem from my mum. She was always on diets. If there was a box of chocolates in the house, she'd eat half a chocolate, then put the other half back. She loved me, but she did encourage me to diet in my teens.
De Finod|I'm hardnosed about luck. I think it sucks. Yeah  if you spend seven years looking for a job as a copywriter  and then one day somebody gives you a job  you can say  "Gee  I was lucky I happened to go up there today." But dammit  I was going to go up there sooner or later in the next seventy years. ... If you're persistent in trying and doing and working  you almost make your own fortune.
Winston Churchill|Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
Val Uchendu|Success is the ability to turn a pickle, a bump or an epic failure into an opportunity for success
A.E.  Kirk, Midnight Poison|My mother had a philosophy that guided her through many a rough time. 'Only worry when you can do something about it--whatever it is. Then it's not worry, it's thinking things through, trying to decide what's best. When there's nothing you can do, it's just plain worry, and it's pointless and self-destructive.
Marjane Satrapi|When I was a kid, I really loved watching 'Cinderella.' It's a fantasy, and every girl knows that real life isn't always like these movies, but as a child, I just really loved the story of 'Cinderella.' I found it to be so romantic and just a beautiful movie to watch.
Daisy Whitney, The Mockingbirds|I can explain myself: If you want to be safe, walk in the middle of the street. I’m not joking. You’ve been told to look both ways before crossing the street, and the sidewalk is your friend, right? Wrong. I’ve spent years walking sidewalks at night. I’ve looked around me when it was dark, when there were men following me, creeping out of alleyways, attempting to goad me into speaking to them and shouting obscenities at me when I wouldn’t, and I suddenly realised that the only place left to go was the middle of street. But why would I risk it? Because the odds are in my favour. In the States, someone is killed in a car accident on average every 12.5 minutes, while someone is raped on average every 2.5 minutes. Even when factoring in that, one, I am generously including ALL car-related accidents and not just those involving accidents, and two, that the vast majorities of rapes still go unreported […] And, thus, this is now the way I live my life: out in the open, in the middle of everything, because the middle of the street is actually the safest place to walk.
Edwin Way Teale|I believe no matter who you are, respect yourself, respect others.
Stephanie Witter, Be A Doll|What happened tonight won't change a thing.""You're mistaken, Lila. Everything started changing the moment we met.
Lisa Wingate, The Sea Glass Sisters|Seen like that, he was just a shadow; darkness, a nothingness, before real power. The men of this world, epics included, would pass from time. I might be a worm to him, but he was a worm himself in the grand scheme of the universe.
RVM|Don’t surrender your life to a Face, a Farce, a Fence or a Force. Don’t be a Slave, be Brave.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|One who utters speech that isn't rough But instructive and truthfulSo that he offends no one, Him I call Brahmin.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Can-do" is the parent of "Have-done". No passion, no production!
M.F. Moonzajer|I am neither a philosopher nor a thinker, but simply follower of my own thoughts.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Whatever we may say, all of us suffer from disturbed sleep at times.Some in truth hardly sleep, though some who sleep copiously swear that they do not.Some are disquieted by incessant dreams, and a fortunate few are visited often by dreams of delightful character.Some will say that they were at one time troubled in sleeping but have 'recovered' from it, as though awareness were a disease, as perhaps it is.
G.H. Hardy|People joke, in our field, about Pythagoras and his religious cult based on perfect geometry and other abstract mathematical forms, but if we are going to have religion at all then a religion of mathematics seems ideal, because if God exists then what is He but a mathematician?
Keith Hart|Look at a coin from your pocket. On one side is "heads" - the symbol of the political authority which minted the coin; on the other side is "tails" - the precise specification of the amount the coin is worth as payment in exchange. One side reminds us that states underwrite currencies and the money is originally a relation between persons in society, a token perhaps. The other reveals the coin as a thing, capable of entering into definite relations with other things.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|Ifemelu would also come to learn that, for Kimberly, the poor were blameless. Poverty was a gleaming thing; she could not conceive of poor people being vicious or nasty because their poverty had canonized them, and the greatest saints were the foreign poor.
Vladimir Onufrievich Kovalevskiĭ|Natural science in England, as Darwin already knew to his cost, was still the purview of Christian scholars. But here was a question that Darwin found compelling: if God had created all the creatures of the world, what possible reason could there be for the variations found in the Galápagos?
Joshua Waitzkin|But if we learn to think of it as anticipation, as learning, as growing, if we think of the time we spend waiting for the big things of life as an opportunity instead of a passing of time, what wonderful horizons open out!
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|Beck behaved himself, though it was really difficult, especially during the slow dances when they were so tantalizingly close. He savoured the feel of her against his body, the light scent of her perfume, the in her eyes that told him he was the center of her universe. It was a new and totally overwhelming experience.
Dave Barry|I heard the bells on Christmas DayTheir old, familiar carols play,And wild and sweetThe words repeatOf peace on earth, good-will to men!
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Indeed, of the major religions, Islam offers no discernible sliver of valid notion for How Life Works.
Avina Celeste|The best investment you can make is an investment in yourself. Spend your time, money, and energy on improving your life and self.
Susan B. Anthony|True freedom is the capacity for acting according to one's true character, to be altogether one's self, to be self-determined and not subject to outside coercion.
Alan James Roll, Milky Way Dreamer|LamentFor JAmong the small graves a soft shaft of sunlight gently rainsOn a memory; etches, as a glittering finger,Golden corn field hair, ignites eyes sweet as the seas blue plains,Traces lips pink as Marys carnation tears and lingersThen is gone. Oh ancient sun above how shall I tellOf the hearts deep yearnings that the years can never quell?
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Men wouldn't lie that much to the women in their life, if the women don’t ask so many questions.
Eileen Anglin|Unbelievably, while many non-governmental organizations like Amnesty International and America’s Watch have denounced the human rights situation in Cuba, there has been a continuing love affair on the part of the media and many intellectuals with Fidel Castro.
Thomas S. Monson|Whenever, wherever, however You want me, I'll go. And I'll begin this very minute. Lord, as I stand up from this place, and as I take my first step forward, will You consider this is a step toward complete obedience to You? I'll call it the step of yes.
Amit Ray, OM Sutra: The Pathway to Enlightenment|There came a time in my life when I had to admit to myself that I have some very clear narcissistic tendencies. Ironically, it occurred during the writing of my book The Emotionally Abused Woman. As I listed the symptoms of narcissism, I was amazed to find that I recognized myself in the description of the disorder.It should have been no surprise to me because I come from a long line of narcissists. My mother and several of her brothers suffered from the disorder, as did her mother. For some reason, though, I imagined that I’d escaped our family curse. I should have known that it’s not that easy to.
L.R.W. Lee|The luckiest people are the hardest working people." - L. R. W. Lee
James A. Michener|In the U.S., the '50s and '60s marked the documentary's golden age, especially at CBS, where pioneering television journalist Edward R. Murrow, immortalised in George Clooney's 'Good Night, and Good Luck,' produced such landmark investigations as the CBS Reports programme 'Hunger in America.'
Lawrence Eagleburger|'UFO's' attitude toward the subject is very similar to mine. It's not an advocacy; its philosophy is more 'I want to believe this, but I want it proved.'
John Seabrook|Lundin says, “Denniz was an arrangement genius.” He adds, “like Steve Jobs, he knew what to take out. ‘You can get rid of that, that. Keep it simple.’ ” As Denniz put it, “A great pop song should be interesting, in some way. That means that certain people will hate it immediately and certain people will love it, but only as long as it isn’t boring and meaningless. Then it’s not a pop song any longer; then it’s something else. It’s just music.
Richard Diaz|Science is a tool of Common Sense. When we insist that all valid information come from science or doctors, Common Sense becomes uncommon or lost forever.
Jay M. Bylsma|Calvin: The more you know, the harder it is to take decisive action. Once you are informed, you start seeing complexities and shades of gray. You realize nothing is as clear as it first appears. Ultimately, knowledge is paralyzing. Being a man of action, I cannot afford to take that risk. Hobbes: You're ignorant, but at least you act on it.
F.T. McKinstry, The Gray Isles|Oh yes," said Jana. "You want the birdbath." She let him down onto the rim of the birdbath, then watched as he dipped his head, lowered his chest into the water, and raised it. Having finished his bath, he did a dance of sheer joy, flapping his wings and shaking off the water in a circle of drops. "He enjoys life," said a voice. Mr. Powell the optometrist, a closed umbrella in hand, was letting his two dachshunds chase each other around the park. "As do your dogs," said Jana. "Yes," said Mr. Powell,"they have fun in a simpler and more joyous way than most humans do. Their pleasures seem more reliable. All you have to do is say the word 'walk' and they're wiggling from head to toe....
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|Before she came ill, David's mother would often tell him that stories were alive. They weren't alive in the way that people were alive, or even dogs or cats. (...) Stories were different, though: they came alive in the telling. Without a human voice to read them aloud, or a pair of wide eyes following them by torch light beneath a blanket, they had no real existence in our world. (...) They lay dormant, hoping for the chance to emerge. Once someone started to read them, they could begin to change. They could take root in the imagination and transform the reader. Stories wanted to be read, David's mother would whisper. They needed it. It was the reason they forced themselves from their world into ours. They wanted us to give them life.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|Writing is...creating tattoos which are invisible, under your skin
Marya Hornbacher, Wasted: A Memoir of Anorexia and Bulimia|In her presence, I was reminded again of why I was an anoretic: fear. Of my needs, for food, for sleep, for touch, for simple conversation, for human contact, for love. I was an anoretic because I was afraid of being human. Implicit in human contact is the exposure of the self, the interaction of the selves. The self I'd had, once upon a time, was too much. Now there was no self at all. I was a blank.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom has a hundred eyes to see opportunities, courage has a hundred feet to seek opportunities, and strength has a hundred arms to seize opportunities.
Julie SeranoBitchfest Skirt Chasers Why the Media Dresses the Trans Revolution in Lipstick and Heels|While mass-media images of biological "males" feminizing themselves have the subversive potential to highlight ways conventionally defined femininity is artificial (a point feminists make all the time), the images rarely function this way. Trans women are both asked to prove their femaleness through superficial means and denied the status of "real" women because fo the artifice involved. After all, masculinity is generally defined by how a man behaves, while femininity is judged by how a woman presents herself.Thus, the media is able to depict trans women donning feminine attire and accessories without ever allowing them to achieve "true" femininity or femaleness. Further, by focusing on the most feminine of artifices, the media encourages the audience to see trans women as living out a sexual fetish. But sexualizing their motives for transitioning not only belittles trans women's female identities; it also encourages the objectification of women as a group....Thus...[this type of message] sexualizes the very concept of female identity and reduces all women (trans or otherwise) to mere feminine artifacts [ex. applying make-up, perfume, putting on jewelry].
Kristen Bell|In the investigation of a neurotic style of life, we must always suspect an opponent, and note who suffers most because of the patient's condition. Usually this is a member of the family.
Sharon E. Rainey, Making a Pearl from the Grit of Life|I had to clear up my messy life. By letting go of the debris and filth, I have come to a deeper, more soulful beauty and clarity like an oasis in the desert. From that place of clarity, a vision of what I could have, what I could do, who I could be has emerged if I allow my heart to become a place of compassion, acceptance and forgiveness.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Cheerful poor is rich with a smile, sulky rich is poor with a bullion of gold.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|And slowly, infinitely slowly, he began to trust. Not the sea, from from it; no one should make that mistake!
Kirsty Moseley, The Boy Who Sneaks in My Bedroom Window|Stop,” he murmured, or at least that’s what he meant to say. It came out sounding more like “Yes,” which probably wasn’t the same thing at all.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|Colin : “Perhaps now is the time to tell you that I have a weakness for agreeable women.”Sugar Beth : “Well, that sure does leave me out.”Colin : “Exactly. With agreeable women, I’m unendingly considerate. Gallant even.”Sugar Beth : “But with tarts like me, the gloves are off, is that it?”Colin : “I wouldn’t exactly call you a tart. But then, I tend to be broad-minded.”She suppressed the urge to dump her porridge in his lap.
Denis Leary|We know that without food we would die. Without fellowship, life is not worth living.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|Myrnin was silent for a beat, and then he said, "Bob would be very disappointed in you.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|There are no conditions to which a person cannot grow accustomed, especially if he sees that everyone around him lives in the same way.
Debasish Mridha|There is only one attraction, one law, one power and that is the power of love.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Jehovah, the Christian name for God derived from the Hebrew Yahweh, (from the letters YHWH), is translated as "I AM." YOU ARE the essence of life—the Cosmic Consciousness that creates, lives in, and destroys all things. In Buddhism, your true nature is referred to as your “Buddha Nature.” Muslims refer to it as Allah, Native tribes have often called it the Great Spirit, Taoists refer to it as the Tao, and numerous other cultures throughout history have all created their own distinctive names for it. But the one eternal reality that these cultures point to remains the same—and this reality is YOU.
Janet M. Tavakoli, Archangels: Rise of the Jesuits|Ricci created memory palaces in his mind. Each item in the palace represented a series of concepts. The rooms and locations within the palace served as directories and files, similar to computer data storage. Ricci instantaneously learned, retained and retrieved hundreds of new Chinese kanji, to the astonished delight of Chinese nobles.
Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things|Interpretation of laws and it's right application in its true spirit is the bedrock of any judicial mechanism and a legal system..There is a need to check the crevices of its precedents in the light of the laws at hand and the facts that have been dealt with. Though primafacie this may seem as a miniscule idea, it is wisdom to bear in mind that the purpose of the law is executing proper justice and executing order, and if this is ignored then, the purpose of the existence of such a mechanism of justice is itself thwarted. Thereby discussion on the principles of application of laws and it's interpretation in administration of justice is called for.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|The few trees still upright were stripped of their branches, lonely flagpoles without a nation to claim them.
Garth Nix, Superior Saturday|I am not going to change who I am. I am human and I know how to love, and be kind, and be compassionate to those who are weaker than me. Just because I have power doesn't mean I have to use it!
LaShonda Bowman, My Soul Is Satisfied|But that’s what He does. Waits until the darkness seems too deep to be overcome, and then, here comes the light.
Pascal Bruckner, The Tyranny of Guilt: An Essay on Western Masochism|We must tell the world that even though we elected a bigot, bigotry will not prevail.
Léon Bloy|Every man who begets a free act projects his personality into the infinite. If he gives a poor man a penny grudgingly, that penny pierces the poor man’s hand, falls, pierces the earth, bores holes in suns, crosses the firmament and compromises the universe. If he begets an impure act, he perhaps darkens thousands of hearts whom he does not know, who are mysteriously linked to him, and who need this man to be pure as a traveller dying of thirst needs the Gospel’s draught of water. A charitable act, an impulse of real pity sings for him the divine praises, from the time of Adam to the end of the ages; it cures the sick, consoles those in despair, calms storms, ransoms prisoners, converts the infidel and protects mankind
Cobie Smulders|Nicole Richie invited me to her birthday party, and it was at Michael Jackson's Neverland!
Benjamin Zander|...the player who looks least engaged may be the most committed member of the group. A cynic, after all, is a passionate person who does not want to be disappointed again.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Mirroring is especially helpful when our differences may divide. Think of the times when you have made a diligent effort to speak in another person’s native language to communicate and connect with comfort. By doing this, you are extending a considerate courtesy to meet them where they are, thus removing barriers and improving engagement.
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|She was not filled up with the sight of him, the way she had seen her sisters fill up, like silk balloons, like wineskins. Instead, he seemed to land heavily within her, like a black stone falling.
Bob Marley|Good man! Genuine gentleman! God bless George Thompson, the great-hearted friend of my race.
Deyth Banger|Mom, mom, mama, mama wake up, wake up, wake up... (As far I see she won't wake up... she will wake up one moment on 80 then 90 and her life devastated and lost... What do I gain from here?From her work?? She will die and she won't realise that everything was useless what more worst than that???)
Scott Westerfeld, Goliath|You know, there's no more dangerous creature on Earth than the teenage girl.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|WE COMMENTED TO Corrie about the practicalness of the things she recalled, how her memories seemed to throw a spotlight on problems and decisions we faced here and now. "But," she said, "this is what the past is for! Every experience God gives us, every person He puts in our lives is the perfect preparation for a future that only He can see.
Bruce Obee|There are three certainties in a writer's life: death, taxes, and rejection letters.
Georgi Tenev, Party Headquarters|Like a needle jabbed into your arm, reality stings you, hurting you more than your skin and flesh. You realize that you're nobody. The electricity's gone out, the darkness is your sudden enemy...you have to protect yourself from the dark. Otherwise the world goes out, along with the artificial lights from the power plant. The night once again disintegrates into atoms, changes from cultivated to wild, fitting itself afterward into its original black hues, its cat skin.
Michel Foucault|All of us have to be prevaricators, hypocrites, and liars every day of our lives; otherwise the social structure would fall into pieces the first day. We must act in one another's presence just as we must wear clothes. It is for the best
Biancco Gardner|Making Money online is not the easiest, That's why my business grows daily with people who need my service. I will help you understand in a simple way how to cut out all the middle men and increase daily business in less than 1 hour per day.
George Foster, Amazing Peace-PI|Like other spiritual fruit, joy must be cultivated.
Frank Delaney, Ireland|When I come out on the road of a morning, when I have had a night's sleep and perhaps a breakfast, and the sun lights a hill on the distance, a hill I know I shall walk across an hour or two thence, and it is green and silken to my eye, and the clouds have begun their slow, fat rolling journey across the sky, no land in the world can inspire such love in a common man.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals|It is a kiss that, once begun, never really ends. Interrupted, yes. Paused, certainly. But from that very moment onward, Vera sees the whole of her life as only a breath away from kissing him again. On that night in the park, they begin the delicate task of binding their souls together, creating a whole comprising their separate halves.
Robert C. Shannon|Never pity missionaries; envy them. They are where the real action is -- where life and death, sin and grace, Heaven and Hell converge.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|That fall, after the summer when they both died, she and my father, there was a point when I wanted to say to them, All right, you have died, I know that, and you've been dead for a while, we have all absorbed this and we've explored the feelings we had at first, in reaction to it, surprising feelings, some of them, and the feelings we're having now that a few months have gone by--- but now it's time for you to come back. You have been away long enough.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|The first time Calypso came to check on [Leo], it was to complain about the noise.“Smoke and fire,” she said. “Clanging on metal all day long. You’re scaring away the birds!”“Oh, no, not the birds!
Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn|Love, being in love, isn’t a constant thing. It doesn’t always flow at the same strength. It’s not always like a river in flood. It’s more like the sea. It has tides, it ebbs and flows. The thing is, when love is real, whether it’s ebbing or flowing, it’s always there, it never goes away. And that’s the only proof you can have that it is real, and not just a crush or an infatuation or a passing fancy
Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado|Oh, sweetheart. What can anyone do? That's just the way things are. You really think you can change the world?
Janice  Anderson|The purity of peace, which is genuine happiness, cannot be found outside of you in material possessions, accomplishments, or other people. Pleasure is a fleeting emotion based on an external factor. But true happiness is who you are, and does not depend on anything else. When you are at peace, you are more than enough. You are pure life--complete, fulfilled, whole, and you are everything you could possibly want or need. You feel sufficiently independent and whole, yet connected to life and every being on the planet. Peace is true fulfillment. Once peace is consistently maintained, it is unwavering, no matter the strength of the storm surrounding you.
Liu Yiming, Awakening to the Tao|Enlightenment is achieved only when, in addition to knowing what an author says, you know what he means and why he says it.
Isaac Asimov|We relish news of our heroes, forgetting that we are extraordinary to somebody too.
Richard A. Epstein, Why Progressive Institutions Are Unsustainable|This revolutionary idea of Western citizenship—replete with ever more rights and responsibilities—would provide superb manpower for growing legions and a legal framework that would guarantee that the men who fought felt that they themselves in a formal and contractual sense had ratified the conditions of their own battle service. The ancient Western world would soon come to define itself by culture rather than by race, skin color, or language. That idea alone would eventually bring enormous advantages to its armies on the battlefield. (p. 122)
James Madison, The Federalist Papers|He had always been a middle-of-the-road sort. He had never submitted word for word to anyone's command, but neither had he passionately rebelled against anyone's advice. Depending upon the interpretation, this was the posture of a schemer or the strategy of a born vacillator. If he himself had been confronted with either of these charges, he could not have avoided wondering if they might not be true. But in large part, this was to be attributed neither to artifice nor to vacillation but rather to the flexibility of his vision, which allowed him to look in both directions at once. To this day, it was precisely this capacity that had always dampened his determination to advance singlemindedly toward a particular goal. It was not unusual for him to stand paralyzed in the midst of a situation. His posture of upholding the status quo was not the result of poverty of thought, but the product of lucid judgment; but he had never understood this truth about himself until he acted upon his beliefs with inviolable courage. The situation with Michiyo was precisely a case in point.
Helen Keller|When you delight yourself in the Lord, His Word and His ways become the focus and foundation of your life.
RVM|Remember, how you live your Life is far more important than how much you earn. Life soon ends. What matters is whether you enjoyed Life and Lived meaningfully.
Yukiya Sakuragi, Inubaka: Crazy for Dogs, Volume 8|given the nature of the human couple, the love of a man and a woman is a priori inferior to that which can exist (at least in the best instances) in the love between man and dog...It is a completely selfless love.
Savitri Devi, The Lightning And The Sun|Whether Hindus or Greeks, Egyptians or Japanese, Chinese, Sumerians, or ancient Americans -- or even Romans, the most "modern" among people of antiquity -- they all placed the Golden Age, the Age of Truth, the rule of Kronos or of Ra or of any other gods on earth -- the glorious beginning of the slow, downward unfurling of history, whatever name it be given -- far behind them in the past.
Marc Chagall|The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don't need any fingers.
Lisa Lutz, Trail of the Spellmans|Lena was going down the list of John's attributes in her mind, a list I was hoping wasn't too long. "He could see and hear and smell things I couldn't."Link inhaled deeply, then coughed. "Dude, you really need a shower.
Hank Bracker|The Christmas IslandsAround the world there are four separate islands that have been dubbed “Christmas Island.” Canada has one in Nova Scotia which is a community on Cape Breton Island. Another one is off the New Year Island Group north-west of Tasmania, and then there is Little Christmas Island a part of the Schouten Island Group off eastern Tasmania. Another Australian Christmas Island is an island territory in the Indian Ocean. Finally there is Kiritimati, formally called "Christmas Island.” Kiritimati is a direct translation from English to the Kiribati language. It is a small island of the Central Pacific Ocean Nation of Kiribati lying 144 miles north of the Equator. The entire population of the Republic of Kiribati is just over 100,000 people half of which live on Tarawa Atoll. With the Earth’s climate changing the entire nation is in danger of disappearing into the Pacific Ocean. The 33 atolls and islands comprising the country have a total of 310 square miles and are spread out over 1,351,000 square miles. Kiribati is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the IMF and the World Bank, and is a full member of the United Nations.“Christmas Island” or Kiritimati has the greatest land area of any coral atoll in the world and comprises about 70% of Kiribati’s land mass with about 150 square miles. The atoll is about 150 km (93 mi) in perimeter, while the lagoon shoreline extends for over 30 miles. The entire island is a Wildlife Sanctuary. It lies 144 miles north of the Equator and is one of the first place on Earth to experience the New Year. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays. Thank's for following my Blogs & Commentaries throughout the past year. It's been a hoot! Best Wishes for a wonderful 2017. Captain Hank Bracker & crew;
N.T. Wright, Following Jesus: Biblical Reflections on Discipleship|The longer you look at Jesus, the more you will want to serve him in his world. That is, of course, if it’s the real Jesus you’re looking at. Plenty of people in the church and outside it have made up a ‘Jesus’ for themselves, and have found that this invented character makes few real demands on them. He makes them feel happy from time to time, but doesn’t challenge them, doesn’t suggest they get up and do something about the plight of the world. Which is, of course, what the real Jesus had an uncomfortable habit of doing.
Israelmore Ayivor|It is not only the viability and variety of the seed that makes the harvest look plumpy. Sometimes, the soil must value the value of the seed. When the soil is not supportive, the seed's value becomes a waste!
Bernard Capes, Gaslit Nightmares: Stories by Robert W. Chambers, Charles Dickens, Richard Marsh, and Others|St. Augustine hated the Stoics, Dostoevsky hated the Russian Liberals. At first sight this seems a quite inexplicable peculiarity. Both were convinced Christians, both spoke so much of love, and suddenly - such hate! And against whom? Against the Stoics, who preached self-abnegation, who esteemed virtue above all things in the world, and against the Liberals who also exalted virtue above all things! But the fact remains: Dostoevsky spoke in rage of Stassyulevitch and Gradovsky; Augustine could not be calm when he spoke the names of those pre-Stoic Stoics, Regulus and Mutius Scaevola, and even Socrates, the idol of the ancient world, appeared to him a bogey. Obviously Augustine and Dostoevsky were terrified and appalled by the mere thought of the possibility of such men as Scaevola and Gradovsky - men capable of loving virtue for its own sake, of seeing virtue as an end in itself. Dostoevsky says openly in the Diary of a Writer that the only idea capable of inspiring a man is that of the immortality of the soul.
Stephen King|About the time we can make the ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
Laurence Yep|You can survive with anger, but you can't live with it forever.
Amit Kalantri|If you have money but not love you will somehow manage, but if you don't have both then you are in serious trouble.
Charles de Gaulle|In your imagination, you can perfect things in a way you can't do in your everyday life.
Meg Cabot|It's better to be remembered for what you said, not what you earned.
Adam Gopnik|U.S. News Organizations observe the anniversary of September 11 with investigations about the nation’s continuing vulnerability to terrorism. First, the New York Daily News reports that two of its reporters carried box cutters, razor knives, and pepper spray on fourteen commercial flights without getting caught. Then ABC News reports that it smuggled fifteen pounds of uranium into New York City. Then Fox News reports that it flew Osama bin Laden to Washington, D.C., and videotaped him touring the White House.
Steven Spielberg|I love history, so I do a lot of movies about history.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|An actual artist, living right under her nose.
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|Let every man shovel out his own snow, and the whole city will be passable," said Gamache. Seeing Beauvoir's puzzled expression he added, "Emerson.""Lake and Palmer?""Ralph and Waldo.
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|The world is so exquisite, with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little goodevidence.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|Companies such as Microsoft, Cisco and Intel were just starting at their 10-year anniversary.
Ehsan Sehgal|I'd rather have your lifeblood tainted than spilled on a forest floor.'He said no more, just held her. 'I'm not worth it,' she whispered at last.'Who says so?''I do.''Then you don't know what love is.
Debasish Mridha|Soft moonlight touches my lips and cheeks,I feel your soul dance in my heart.Breeze of the Southern sea blows my hair,I feel your love touch my flowers of desire,In my garden roses dance with the kindness of air.I feel my soul wanting her bliss to share.
Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out|The white lily stands for purity. Artists for centuries have pictured the angel Gabriel coming to the virgin Mary with a spray of lillies in his hand, to announce that she is to be the mother of the Turks.
Sharon M. Draper, Out of My Mind|How could I have thought that I needed to cure myself in order to fit into the 'real' world? I didn't need curing, and the world didn't, either; the only thing that did need curing was my understanding of my place in it. Without that understanding - without a sense of belonging to the real world - it was impossible to thrive in an imagined one.
Compton Gage|Focus on the end, not the beginning- on the beginning not the end- The process proceeds in the inner dimension.
Nick Joaquín, Culture and History|Street culture is a culture of containment. Most young people do not realize that it all too often leads to a “dead end”. “Street culture,” as I am using the term, is a counterforce to movement culture. Street culture in contemporary urban reality is synonymous with survival at all costs. This world view is mostly negative, because it demands constant adjustment to circumstances that are often far beyond young people’s control or understanding, such as economics, education, housing, employment, nutrition, law, and so forth.
Asa Gray|An example of such emergent phenomena is the origin of life from non-living chemical compounds in the oldest, lifeless oceans of the earth. Here, aided by the radiation energy received from the sun, countless chemical materials were synthesized and accumulated in such a way that they constituted, as it were, a primeval “soup.” In this primeval soup, by infinite variations of lifeless growth and decay of substances during some billions of years, the way of life was ultimately reached, with its metabolism characterized by selective assimilation and dissimilation as end stations of a sluiced and canalized flow of free chemical energy.
Debolina|More or less we are all Selfish. When it's come to Friendship, I do think that fish cant jump onto the ship!
J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death|If you live life so cautiously as to never fail, you end up failing at life itself.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|...Who could refrain,	That had a heart to love, and in that heart	Courage to make love known?
Frank Herbert, Children of Dune|What you of the CHOAM directorate seem unable to understand is that you seldom find real loyalties in commerce ... Men must want to do things of their own innermost drives. People, not commercial organisations or chains of command, are what make great civilizations work, every civilization depends upon the quality of the individuals it produces. If you overorganize humans, over-legalize them, suppress their urge to greatness — they cannot work and their civilization collapses.
Hilary Thompson, Justice Buried|Trust isn’t always about telling the truth in everything, Trea. Yes, you need honesty to develop trust. But trust also involves knowing someone will be there to hold you when you can’t even get out of bed. Someone who will stay with you, even when you don’t deserve it, because their world doesn’t turn without you in it.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|I do not punish my enemies with arrogance; I punish ,them, undoubtedly more subtle - with devoted respect.
Melissa Grey, The Girl at Midnight|Her seven-year-old self had decided that stealing books was morally bankrupt, but since the books hadn’t actually left the library—they’d merely been relocated—it wasn’t technically stealing. Echo looked around at her sea of tomes, and a single word came to mind: Tsundoku. It was the Japanese word for letting books pile up without reading them all.
Murray N. Rothbard|The mass hallucination of the twentieth century is this: that all these national governments, which each year kill or threaten way more humans than they protect, and take a big chunk of your income to do so, are for some reason a great idea, an inevitable force of fucking nature.
Gregory Woods|Clearly, naming the major figures in the tradition had become a tradition in itself.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The word "seek" is a verb. Are you treating it as such in your life? If you seek change, success, or love, DO it - BE it!
Carolyn Jewel, In the Duke's Arms|I-I've wanted you ever since..." She untied the sash around her waist and let the dressing gown drop to the floor.	God save him, she wore not a stitch of clothing. Every shred of self-control fled. His mind consumed with the tantalizing woman before him. Somehow she was even more beautiful now that he'd remembered. The candlelight flickered amber across her skin. Chestnut tresses slid over her shoulder, framing two perfectly formed breasts, tipped by rose.	Sean licked his lips, those delectable rosebuds would be his second stop. In two strides, he wrapped her in his arms and crushed his body against hers. "For all that is holy, you have claimed my soul, my flesh and my mind.
Douglas Brinkley|Regrettably, with '2001' having a title that had a year in it, science fiction essentially set itself up in the public's imagination as saying, 'Here's what you get if you wait to that year.' Well, we all waited till that year, and we didn't get anything at all like that.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is entrapped through uneasiness, not through diseases (illnesses). Diseases (illnesses) are caused by uneasiness. Do the trees get any diseases (illnesses)? Do the crows become paralyzed or have high blood pressure?
Christina Lauren, Sweet Filthy Boy|He closes the door with a determined click, and I hear him call to a flight attendant, and I sink down onto the toilet seat, resting my elbows on my knees and my head in my hands as I listen to him through the
Pema Chödrön|But often it is a seemingly irresolvable relationship that teaches us the most, once we're willing to be vulnerable and honest, once we're willing to connect with what Chogyam Trungpa called "the genuine heart of sadness." As warriors in training we do our best to hold the person in our heart without any hypocrisy. One thing we can do with a difficult relationship is to place a picture of the person somewhere we will see it often and think, "I wish for your deepest well-being". Or we can write down the person's name, along with the aspiration that they may be safe, may be happy, may live in peace. Regardless of what specific action we take, our aspiration is to benefit the other person and wish them well.
Sydney J. Harris, Best of Sydney Harris|She looked around her apartment which seemed to be waiting for something. Lana hated that, when the room was a pregnant pause.
H.W. Brands|Abilene possessed greater vision, perhaps because it possessed little else.
Lewis Carroll, Sylvie and Bruno| I also know that not everyone will like what I do, and that there are many people who do love my work, and so I write for them, and for my own pleasure, and try not to brood too much over those who have different tastes. And I have written enough books now that I know the self-doubt and the anxiety are part of the creative process, and drive me to keep trying to do better, and keep me from becoming too cocksure about my writing, which is a form of creative death.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|But it does not seem that I can trust anyone,' said Frodo.Sam looked at him unhappily. 'It all depends on what you want,' put in Merry. 'You can trust us to stick with you through thick and thin--to the bitter end. And you can trust us to keep any secret of yours--closer than you keep it yourself. But you cannot trust us to let you face trouble alone, and go off without a word. We are your friends, Frodo.
C. JoyBell C.|Perhaps a human simply falls back into himself upon the disintegration of his physical body, and continues to take form within the self of himself, simply returning from whence he came.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Admitting the weighty problems and staggering disappointments, Christianity affirms that God is able to give us the power to meet them. He is able to give us inner equilibrium to stand tall amid the trials and burdens of life. He is able to provide inner peace amid our outer storms.
|There are two types of friends in life: The friendly and the unfriendly friends. Your friendly friends are there to pull you back up whenever your spirit is down. Whereas your unfriendly friends are only there to pull you down whenever you are moving up, and would do whatever it takes to keep you down and helpless. Please choose wisely.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Say it again,” he says.“That whole drawn-out speech?” I remember something about a solar system, but I’m too light-headed to recite the entire thing all over again.He steps closer. “No. The part about you fallin’ for me.
Kami Garcia|Books?" Ridley looked disgusted. "Carry?
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|My wife's the reason anything gets done, she nudges me towards promise by degrees. She is a perfect symphony of one our son is her most beautiful reprise. We chase the melodies that seem to find us until they're finished songs and start to play. When senseless acts of tragedy remind us that nothing here is promised--not one day. This show is proof that history remembers. We live in times when hate and fear seem stronger. We rise and fall and light from dying embers--remembrances that hope and love last longer. And love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside. I sing Vanessa's symphony. Eliza tells her story. Now, fill the world with music, love, and pride.
Heather Vogel Frederick, Much Ado About Anne|In many situations, the only thing you can control is your own response. Changing self-talk from negative to positive is an excellent way to manage that response. Anger destroys your health and relationships.
Rebecca O'Donnell, Freak: The True Story of an Insecurity Addict|Have you ever gotten to a point where you looked at your own life, thought "Fu** this," and reached for the economy-sized Valium? Ah, suicide. So dark and seductive.
You Jin, In Time, Out of Place|The four of us got back into the car. In an instant, I distinctly heard a “soundless music”. It was the melody of friendship, the sound of a perfectly tuned quartet who got together by chance, four hearts playing in harmony.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|Aren’t you coming with us?”I feel his hand on my cheek. I know what this means and I slap his hand away.“You’re coming with us, Evan,” I say.“There’s something I have to do.”“That’s right.” My hand flails for his in the dark. I find it and pull hard. “You have to come with us.”“I’ll find you, Cassie. Don’t I always find you? I—”“Don’t, Evan. You don’t know you’ll be able to find me.”“Cassie.” I don’t like the way he says my name. His voice is too soft, too sad, too much like a good-bye voice. “I was wrong when I said I was both and neither. I can’t be; I know that now. I have to choose.”“Wait a minute,” Ben says. “Cassie, this guy is one of them?”“It’s complicated,” I answer. “We’ll go over it later.” I grab Evan’s hand in both of mine and press it against my chest. “Don’t leave me aga
Mary Wollstonecraft|Women are told from their infancy, and taught by the example of their mothers, that a little knowlegde of human weakness, justly termed cunning, softness of temper; outward obedience, and a scrupulous attention to a puerile kind of proptiety, will obtain for them the protection of man; and should they be beautiful, every thing else is needless, for, at least, twenty years of their lives.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|But the essence of the process at its best is basically the same: women and men join together as equals, they get deeply honest with each other about their experiences, and through this process they heal past wounds, awaken to new realisations together, reach a place of reconciliation and forgiveness, and are thereby mutually transformed.
Jimmy Hill|In football, time and space are the same thing.
Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet|It is very hard to be brave," said Piglet, sniffing slightly, "when you're only a Very Small Animal."Rabbit, who had begun to write very busily, looked up and said: "It is because you are a very small animal that you will be Useful in the adventure before us.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|No man was born empty, every man was born with a worth.
Noah Levine|Waking up is not a selfish pursuit of happiness, it is a revolutionary stance, from the inside out, for the benefit of all beings in existence.
Joaquin Phoenix|But what is all this fear of and opposition to Oblivion? What is the matter with the soft Darkness, the Dreamless Sleep?
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I don't know why I ever helped you.""You like broken things.
Julianna Baggott, Fuse|The world would be a brighter, happier place, if we could only remember our childhood wonder.
Christine Fonseca, Transcend|He would die in this room, buried alive by the weight of his life.
Marinella Venanzi, Yasumasa Morimura: Requiem for the XX Century|My job as a portrait photographer is to seduce, amuse and entertain.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Not only are you what you eat, but you also can be what's eating you. Don't become your problems or let them overtake you.
Sunday Adelaja|All men have life, but only few men know its value.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I thought that teaching twenty-eight energetic and needy children how to read had to be the hardest job on earth. I was wrong - mothering was. Now I had to give up my right to sleep when I needed it, to a meal without interruptions, to relaxation when I wanted it, and most importantly, my right to withdraw when I felt overwhelmed.
Zhang Zhidong|My very beloved and deceased third-grade teacher, Cliff Kehod, was the one that I really remember calling me Ike a lot. It just stuck. It is a dog's name, but I love dogs.
Jack Prelutsky|Poetry seems to sink into us the way prose doesn't. I can still quote verses I learned when I was very young, but I have trouble remembering one line of a novel I just finished reading.
Herbert Mason|He entered the city asked a blind man if he had ever heard the name Enkidu, and the old man shrugged and shook his head, then turned away, as if to say, ‘It is impossible to keep the names of friends whom we have lost
Hark Herald Sarmiento|We should set our goals; then learn to control our appetites. Otherwise, we will lose ourselves in the confusion of the world.
Debasish Mridha|When you do things with love, flowers bloom inside you.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|How senseless is everything that can ever be written, done, or thought, when such things are possible. It must be all lies and of no account when the culture of a thousand years could not prevent this stream of blood being poured out, these torture-chambers in their hundreds of thousands. A hospital alone shows what war is.
Ruth Ozeki|What is it that frightens us about a "novel of causes", and conversely, does fiction have to exist in some suspended, apolitical landscape in order to be literary? Can it not politically and temporally specific and still be in good literary taste? We are leery of literature that smacks of the polemic, instructional, or prescriptive, and I guess rightly so--it's a drag to be lectured to--but what does that imply about our attitudes towards intellectual inquiry? While I enjoy reading kitchen-table novels in which characters are distilled to their emotional essence and their lives stripped of politics and commerce, it simply is not reflective of my experience. I see our lives as being a part of an enormous web of interconnected spheres, where the workings of the larger social, political, and corporate machinery impact something as private and intimate as the descent of an egg through a woman's fallopian tube. This is the resonance I want to conjure in my books.I want to write novels that engage the emotions and the intellect, and that means going head to head with the chaos of evils and issues that threaten to overpower us all. And if they threaten to overpower the characters, then I have to make the characters stronger.
Magda Alexander, Storm Conquered|I’m only doing my job.” That’s what I am. His job. He’d stopped my floor shows at the cantina. Not only that, the break-ins had ceased. At least until now. While the staff barely gave me the time of day, they were practically ready to canonize him. “They see you as the one in charge now.
Avril Lavigne|I don't believe war is a way to solve problems. I think it's wrong. I don't have respect for the people that made the decisions to go on with war. I don't have that much respect for Bush. He's about war, I'm not about war - a lot of people aren't about war.
Todd  Johnson, The Sweet By and By|Risin up, when you’re weak, makes a person stronger. By standin, thery’re saying that [she] matters, and they matter too. I feel better when I think about how showin respect to one person makes every person makes every person worth more.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Recipe of SUCCESS needs tons of morale, flavor of attitude and hours of patience to cook.
Peter Eisenman|The more centralized the power, the less compromises need to be made in architecture.
Soojung Jo, Ghost of Sangju|I'm ready for the day when Mom loves me too much to keep me, and for every other person who will someday see that I'm not worth holding on to.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, Shelley On Love: Selected Writings|Hence in solitude, or that deserted state when we are surrounded by human beings and yet they sympathize not with us, we love the flowers, the grass, the waters, and the sky. In the motion of the very leaves of spring, in the blue air, there is then found a secret correspondence with our heart.
Dianna Hardy, The Last Dragon|One thing I’ve learnt about humans: you can’t judge their strength by the size of their actions, but by the devotion of an act, no matter how small.
Aphra Behn, The Rover|You make choices that are good and sound, but the gods have other plans for you.
Frances Hodgson Burnett|She liked books more than anything else, and was, in fact, always inventing stories of beautiful things and telling them to herself.
Ogden Nash, Private Dining-room and Other New Verses|How do I feel today? I feel as unfit as an unfiddle,And it is the result of a certain turbulence in the mind and an uncertain burbulence in the middle.What was it, anyway, that angry thing that flew at me?I am unused to banshees crying Boo at me.Your wife can’t be a banshee—Or can she?
Federico Fellini, Fellini On Fellini|When I felt I was dying, these past few days, things were no longer anthropomorphic. The telephone, which looks like a sort of upturned black snake, was merely a telephone. Every thing was just a thing. The couch, which looked like a big square face drawn by Rubens, with buttons on the cover like wicked little eyes, was just a couch, rather shabby but nothing more. At such a time things don’t matter to you; you don’t bathe everything in your presence, like an amoeba. Things become innocent because you draw away from them; experience becomes virginal, as it was for the first man when he saw the valleys and the plains. You feel you are set in a tidy world: that is a door and it behaves like a door, that is white and behaves like white. What heaven: the symbolism of meanings loses all meaning. You see objects which are comforting because they are quite free. But suddenly you are flung into a new form of suffering because, when you come to miss the meaning of, say, a stool, reality suddenly becomes terrifying. Everything becomes monstrous, unattainable.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I knew he was the one when he mended my wings and looked forward to where they would take me. Embrace those who encourage your growth... who don't fear the journey into Wonderland, Neverland, Whereverland.
Madeleine L'Engle|and, indeed, nature has so made us, that we all love to be flattered and to please ourselves with our own notions
Deyth Banger|It may be crazy, but I'm the closest thing I have to a voice of reason.
Virgil Thomson|I do like going out and finding free food. I've done it since I was a child. Fishing prawns and shrimps from the sea is wonderful, as is picking blackberries, sloes and mushrooms. Having a guide while out looking for mushrooms is really important, though, as picking the wrong type can be quite dangerous.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Run first,' Shane said. 'Mourn later.'It was the perfect motto for Morganville.
Richard H. Thaler, Cass R. Sunstein|#Cats are marvelous creatures - they either adapt to circumstances, or decide to make circumstances adapt to them. Either way - they win.
Joseph Heller, Something Happened|. . . On either side of them the essence of honky tonk beach resort had now enclosed them: gas stations, fried clam stands, Dairy Treets, motels painted in feverish pastel colors, mini golf. 	“Larry was drawn two painful ways by these things. Part of him clamored at their sad and blatant ugliness and at the ugliness of the minds that had turned this section of a magnificent, savage coastline into one long highway amusement park for families in station wagons. But there was a more subtle, deeper part of him that whispered of the people who had filled these places and this road during other summers. Ladies in sunhats and shorts too tight for their large behinds. College boys in red and black striped rugby shirts. Girls in beach shifts and thong sandals. Small screaming children with ice cream spread over their faces. They were American people, and there was a kind of dirty, compelling romance about them whenever they were in groups never mind if the group was in an Aspen ski lodge or performing their prosaic/ arcane rites of summer along Route 1 in Maine. And now all these Americans were gone. . . .	 Stephen King, from The Stand p. 303 304
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|No,nobody but nobody can make it out her alone.
Anonymous|Bridget’s tight fists began to shake as something from deep inside, born of utter anger and hatred, crept from the depths of her soul. She lunged at him, prepared to pound his handsome face to blood and bone, but the straps prevented her. Instead, she was quickly zapped with a heady pulse of electricity. As she howled in anguish, Doctor Spencer beamed with satanic amusement.
Ian Richards|You can thank Henry Ford for that. He was a warlock, you know.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|You cannot serve people by giving them orders as to what to do. The real servant of the people must live among them, think with them, feel for them, and die for them...The servant of the people, unlike the leader, is not on a high horse trying to carry the people to some designated point to which he would like to go for his own advantage. The servant of the people is down among them, living as they live, doing what they do and enjoying what they enjoy. He may be a little better informed than some of the other members of the group; it may be that he as had some experience they have not had, but in spite of this advantage he should have more humility than those whom he serves.
Kerry Kletter, The First Time She Drowned|I am learning through my work with Liz that part of being healthy is being able to hold and remember who people actually are instead of who we wish they were. It's a daily struggle against a brain that tends to want to cling to a fairy-tale hope, but it's also the only way to guarantee a life surrounded by those who build rather than destroy. In the end, the loss is about go of what I never had in the first place.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I think a lot of people will be liberated from a lot of oppressive manufacturing jobs, or a lot of service jobs, because they'll be done by computers. There'll be the world's best education available online and free.
Dorothy Koomson, The Woman He Loved Before|Oh, I know that I'll never be perfectI'm just alive
Robert D. Putnam, Our Kids: The American Dream in Crisis|Poor kids, through no fault of their own, are less prepared by their families, their schools, and their communities to develop their God-given talents as fully as rich kids. For economic productivity and growth, our country needs as much talent as we can find, and we certainly can’t afford to waste it. The opportunity gap imposes on all of us both real costs and what economists term “opportunity costs.
Tullian Tchividjian, One Way Love:  Inexhaustible Grace for an Exhausted World|One-way love is rare, though, and it always comes as a surprise. Fortunately, the glimpses we receive in relationships are only a foreshadowing of God's love for us. They are like little arrows that point to the very heart of the universe, what Dante called 'the Love that moves the Sun and the other stars,' the love that received its fullest expression in the person and work of Jesus Christ.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|I draw in a ragged breath, the kind you take when the pain is too deep to cry, when you can't cry because all you are is pain, and if you let some of it out, you might cease to exist.
Norman Kolpas|When engaged in eating, the brain should be the servant of the stomach.
Kay Harding|We were the creatures desired throughout the ages... foolish humans didn't even realize it, living in their own little world.
T. Rea Harris|The Novoloume gazed in interest around the cabin. “So the whispers are true—Kats, SAIs and Humans have come to join with the anarchs in a quest to save us all.”Felzeor returned to Caleb’s outstretched arm and leaned in to nuzzle his nose. “What a grand quest it’s sure to be!
Michelle Gable, I'll See You in Paris|We believed Paris was the start of us. It's the kind of city that makes you think of beginnings, or even juicy middles. Paris is a book to savor, in whole or in part, at any time and in any season. At age ninety or at thirty-four, you can open any chapter and read from there.
Himmilicious|At his age, it can be overwhelming and painful to harbor a thought accompanied by too much nostalgia. Not that he wanted to. Mabel, in her final years, had stopped listening to music. The songs of her teenage years brought her back to people and feelings of that time - people she could never see again and sensations that were no longer coming. It was too much for her. There are people who can manage such things. There are those of us who can no longer walk, but can close our eyes and remember a summer hike through a field, or the feeling of cool grass beneath our feet, and smile. Who still have the courage to embrace the past, and give it life and a voice in the present. But Mabel was not one of those people. Maybe she lacked that very form of courage. Or maybe her humanity was so complete, so expansive, that she would be crushed by her capacity to imagine the love that was gone.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|The hours are slow in passing as they always are when you are waiting in fear for you know not what: I am reminded of the moments before the coming of a cyclone, when you have barricaded yourself into your dwelling and have nothing else to do but wait. The moments will not pass, the air hangs still and heavy; it is as though time itself has been slowed by the friction of fear.
Morgan Matson, Second Chance Summer|As I looked out at the water, I realized there was nowhere to go, nowhere left to run. And I just had to stay here, facing this terrible truth. I felt, as more tears fell, just how tired I was, a tiredness that had nothing to do with the hour. I was tired of running away from this, tired of not telling people, tired of not talking about it, tired of pretending things were okay when they had never, ever been less than okay.
Jayson Engay|Remember that we're living in a place that is temporary. No matter what you believe in the end of time I don't care about it. As of now.. live your life, cut those negative thoughts and actions, reach your dreams and goals.
Danzae Pace|A pattern of raised crisscrossed scars, some old and white, others more recent in various shades of pink and red. Exposing the stress of the structure underneath its paint
Augusta Scattergood, Glory Be|Everything that ever happened is just stories now, Earl. But it was all very real to people while it was happening. Wasn't it?
Robert Morgan|Part of what we love about poetry is the fact that it seems ancient, that it has an authority of ancient language and ancient form, and that it's timeless, that it reaches back.
Peter Ackroyd, Albion: The Origins of the English Imagination|The embrace of present and past time, in which English antiquarianism becomes a form of alchemy, engenders a strange timelessness. It is as if the little bird which flew through the Anglo-Saxon banqueting hall, in Bede's Historia Ecclesiastica Gentis Anglorum, gained the outer air and became the lark ascending in Vaughan Williams's orchestral setting. The unbroken chain is that of English music itself.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|He sounds exactly like Moody," said Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again inside his robes. "'Constant vigilance!' You'd think I walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls....
John Barth, Lost in the Funhouse|Petra turned to her. "Everybody lies about who they are. Name one person here who isn't doing that and I will drop out right now!"Shanti felt that snake of truth coil around her legs, threatening to squeeze. "I didn't mean...""No one ever does." Petra said, shoving the baton back at Shanti.
Euginia Herlihy|Dreamers are full of inventive minds, willing to find new possibilities and new ways to grow in life.
Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, South Moon Under|The Moon is our local port opening to the universe; in the future, it's through that port we will sail our ships to the coastless oceans.
Rodman Philbrick, Freak the Mighty|Sure it will hurt. But so what? Pain is just a state of mind. You can think your way out of anything, even pain.
Roald Dahl, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory|The 2 prime movers in the Universe are Time and Luck.As the tag line of my favorite dirty joke would have it: "Keep your hat on. We could wind up miles from here.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|I was alone in this discovery because it was my secret, my private exploration.
C.S. Lewis|Critics who treat 'adult' as a term of approval, instead of as a merely descriptive term, cannot be adult themselves. To be concerned about being grown up, to admire the grown up because it is grown up, to blush at the suspicion of being childish; these things are the marks of childhood and adolescence. And in childhood and adolescence they are, in moderation, healthy symptoms. Young things ought to want to grow. But to carry on into middle life or even into early manhood this concern about being adult is a mark of really arrested development. When I was ten, I read fairy tales in secret and would have been ashamed if I had been found doing so. Now that I am fifty I read them openly. When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|By the second day, the song lyrics had faded, but in their place came darker irritations. Gradually, I started to become aware of a young man sitting just behind me and to the left. I had noticed him when he first entered the mediation hall, and had felt a flash of annoyance at the time: something about him, especially his beard, had struck me as too calculatedly dishevelled, as if he were trying to make a statement. Now his audible breathing was starting to irritate me, too. It seemed studied, unnatural, somehow theatrical. My irritation slowly intensified - a reaction that struck me as entirely reasonable and proportionate at the time. It was all beginning to feel like a personal attack. How much contempt must the bearded meditator have for me, I seethed silently, deliberately to decide to ruin the serenity of my meditation by behaving so obnoxiously? Experienced retreat-goers, it turns out, have a term for this phenomenon. The call it 'vipassana vendetta'. In the stillness tiny irritations become magnified into full-blown hate campaigns; the mind is so conditioned to attaching to storylines that it seizes upon whatever's available. Being on retreat had temporarily separated me from all the real causes of distress in my life, and so, apparently, I was inventing new ones. As I shuffled to my narrow bed that evening, I was still smarting about the loud-breathing man. I did let go of the vendetta eventually - but only because I'd fallen into an exhausted and dreamless sleep
Anthony Trollope, Phineas Redux|But then the pastors and men of God can only be human,--cannot altogether be men of God; and so they have oppressed us, and burned us, and tortured us, and hence come to love palaces, and fine linen, and purple, and, alas, sometimes, mere luxury and idleness.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|I do not say that children at war do not die like men, if they have to die. To their everlasting honor and our everlasting shame, they do die like men, thus making possible the manly jubilation of patriotic holidays. But they are murdered children all the same.
Stacia Kane|False encouragement is a kind of theft: it steals time, energy, and motivation a person could put toward some other purpose.
Elan Mastai, All Our Wrong Todays|The truth is, there are no alternate realities. At least not the way Penny describes them. Maybe an infinite multiverse is born from every action, whether it’s two atoms colliding or two people. Maybe reality is constantly fluctuating around us, but our senses aren’t equipped to detect those quantum variations. Maybe that’s what our senses are, an ungainly organic sieve through which the chaos of existence is filtered into something manageable enough that you can get out of bed in the morning . Maybe the totality of what we perceive with our senses is as clumsy a portrait of reality as a child’s chalk drawing on a sidewalk compared to the face of the woman you’re already falling in love with lying next to you in a mess of sheets and blankets, her lips still pursed as they pull away from your mouth.
Oprah Winfrey|Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|As I focus on diligent joy, I also keep remembering a simple idea my friend Darcey told me once -- that all the sorrow and trouble of this world is caused by unhappy people. Not only in the big global Hitler-'n'-Stalin picture, but also on the smallest personal level. Even in my own life, I can see exactly where my episodes of unhappiness have brought suffering or distress or (at the very least) inconvenience to those around me. The search for contentment is, therefore, not merely a self-preserving and self-benefiting act, but also a generous gift to the world. Clearing out all your misery gets you out of the way. You cease being an obstacle, not only to yourself but to anyone else. Only then are you free to serve and enjoy other people.
Steve Goodier|My scars remind me that I did indeed survive my deepest wounds. That in itself is an accomplishment. And they bring to mind something else, too. They remind me that the damage life has inflicted on me has, in many places, left me stronger and more resilient. What hurt me in the past has actually made me better equipped to face the present.
Keary Taylor, What I Didn't Say|It kind of scares me though, to keep wearing it every day like I do. What happens when I run out of it? Will I forget what she looked like? What it looked like when the sun reflected on her hair? The way her pillow always smelled like her? Will my memory of her run out too?
Peter Nichols, Evolution's Captain: The Dark Fate of the Man Who Sailed Charles Darwin Around the World|In any age, there is no shortage of people willing to embark on a hazardous adventure. Columbus and Magellan filled eight ships between them for voyages into the void. One hundred and fifty years ago, the possibilities offered by missionary service were limitless and first-rate. Later, Scott and Shackleton turned away droves after filling their crews for their desperate Antarctic voyages. In 1959 ... sailor H.W. Tilman, looking for a crew for a voyage in an old wooden yacht to the Southern Ocean, ran this ad in the London Times: "Hand [man] wanted for long voyage in small boat. No pay, no prospects, not much pleasure." Tilman received more replies than he could investigate, one from as far away as Saigon.
Ricky Gervais|I’m not too sure what the name of the song was that he was playing when I came in, but whatever it was, he was really stinking it up. He was putting all these dumb, show-offy ripples in the high notes, and a lot of other very tricky stuff that gives me a pain in the ass. You should’ve heard the crowd, though, when he was ﬁnished. You would’ve puked. They went mad. They were exactly the same morons that laugh like hyenas in the movies at stuff that isn’t funny. I swear to God, if I were a piano player or an actor or something and all those dopes though I was terriﬁc, I’d hate it. I wouldn’t even want them to clap for me. People always clap for the wrong things. If I were a piano player, I’d play it in the goddam closet. Anyway, when he was ﬁnished, and everybody was clapping their heads off, old Ernie turned around on his stool and gave this very phony, humble bow. Like as if he was a helluva humble guy, besides being a terriﬁc piano player. It was very phony—I mean him being such a big snob and all. In a funny way, though, I felt sort of sorry for him when he was ﬁnished. I don’t even think he knows any more when he’s playing right or not. It isn’t all his fault. I partly blame all those dopes that clap their heads off—they’d foul up anybody, if you gave them a chance.
C.M. Rayne, The Forbidden Land of Andara|For every item that carries the darkness of humanity there's one that holds the light. And that light is worth believing in. Not just in others, but in yourself as well.
Travis Kalanick|The technology available for film-making now is incredible, but I am a big believer that it's all in the story.
John Lubbock, The Use Of Life|Our duty is to believe that for which we have sufficient evidence, and to suspend our judgment when we have not.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|In a world of lies and liars, an honest work of art is always an act of social responsibility.
Ashton Kutcher|I don't go to the cool, trendy restaurants. I go to either the holes in the wall or the super-fancy restaurants where there are no cool people.
Lincoln Steffens, The Autobiography of Lincoln Steffens|An educated mind is nothing but the God-given mind of a child after his parents’ and his grandparents’ generation have got through molding it. We can’t help teaching you; you will ask that of us; but we are prone to teach you what we know, and I am going, now and again, to warn you:Remember we really don’t know anything. Keep your baby eyes (which are the eyes of genius) on what we don’t know. That is your playground, bare and graveled, safe and unbreakable.
Alphonsus Liguori|Blues are the songs of despair, but gospel songs are the songs of hope.
Terry Glavin|Many things matter other than our measured intelligence, so let's get to work on them.
John Corwin, Dark Light of Mine|It's like Sheriff Daniels sneezed, and they all caught the misinformation flu.
Orison Swett Marden|There is nothing wrong with making money, but that's not particularly inspiring.
Will Rogers|you can't say civilization dont advance, in every war they kill you in a new way
-Ayushee Ghoshal, 4 AM Conversations with the Ghosts of Old Lovers|What I cannot tough, remains a memory, I am blinded by an imagined light. A remembrance of what can never be
Joshua Foer, Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything|Monotony collapses time; novelty unfolds it. You can exercise daily and eat healthily and live a long life, while experiencing a short one. If you spend your life sitting in a cubicle and passing papers, one day is bound to blend unmemorably into the next—and disappear. That’s why it’s important to change routines regularly, and take vacations to exotic locales, and have as many new experiences as possible that can serve to anchor our memories. Creating new memories stretches out psychological time, and lengthens our perception of our lives.William James first wrote about the curious warping and foreshortening of psychological time in his Principles of Psychology in 1890: “In youth we may have an absolutely new experience, subjective or objective, every hour of the day. Apprehension is vivid, retentiveness strong, and our recollections of that time, like those of a time spent in rapid and interesting travel, are of something intricate, multitudinous and long-drawn-out,” he wrote. “But as each passing year converts some of this experience into automatic routine which we hardly note at all, the days and the weeks smooth themselves out in recollection to contentless units, and the years grow hollow and collapse.” Life seems to speed up as we get older because life gets less memorable as we get older. “If to remember is to be human, then remembering more means being more human,” said Ed.
Megan Fox|I love you all too much, it's one of just of my problems.
Idiotneil|He read the words, wondering when cruelty won the vote from democracy.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I hated labels anyway. People didn’t fit in slots—prostitute, housewife, saint—like sorting the mail. We were so mutable, fluid with fear and desire, ideals and angles, changeable as water.
OMAR N. BRADLEY|If you control the code, you control the world. This is the future that awaits us.
Christopher Smart|Cats – by day the most docile of God’s creatures, every one of them in the night enlisting under the devil’s banner – took the place by storm after the human voice had ceased.
Scott Hahn, Hail, Holy Queen: The Mother of God in the Word of God|Hard by the church stood the public house; so often the two are closely conjoined, honorably sharing both joys and sorrows.
Casey Kasem|If my kids are doing well, then my life is going pretty well. And if my kids aren't doing well, it doesn't matter how the other elements of my life are. It's kind of amazing to have a context like that. This is really wonderful.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|In these dark and uncertain times, there can be great value in imagining a bit of star in each human soul. Not just that it gives some hope for humanity at a time when man’s inhumanity to man seems ever on the increase; but also because it points to an inner brightness that can light the way in dark times.
Bill Gates|Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There`s a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
PSYHEEL|The only unchanged by psyheeL :-It rains it dries the world rotateThey come and they go it's a common fateHuman love is a colored silk , it must fadeAnd even it's darkest of shade Misery and joy it's a constant change but Between sorrows and jollity something unchanged Nature, my love ; It remains the same.                                
Jillian Michaels|Prop 8 did something that no other state in the history of this country has done. It took away the rights of people that already were legally affirmed. Imagine someone putting something on the ballot saying your wedding, your marriage is no longer valid.
Elaine  White, Novel Hearts|He had never cared if his victims lived or died once he was through with them. But not her. He couldn’t allow her to die. The moment he felt that small flutter of her heart, ready to give way to his hunger, he had stopped and gazed down at her for long moments.
Charlotte Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|How many times have I gone back to the border of memory and peered into the darkness beyond? But it is not only memories that hover on the border. There are all sorts of phantasmagoria that inhabit that realm. The nightmares of a lonely child. Fairy tales appropriated by a mind hungry for a story. The fantasies of an imaginative little girl anxious to explain to herself the inexplicable. Whatever story I may have discovered on the frontier of forgetting, I do not pretend to myself that is the truth.
Donna Lynn Hope|Suffer" he commanded seductively. "With me...or because of me.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|One of the things we haven’t taught our people as a nation, that this is their country. We haven’t told them that this Bahamas belongs to them. Whether it succeeds or fails it is entirely up to them. WE haven’t told our people that they are valuable. I sometimes pass little boys playing in the road and I would stop my car and say to them: ‘Excuse me baby, do you realize how valuable you are? Do not play in the road, if anything happen to you that is going to hurt us. Because you might be our Prime Minister one day. Iris Adderley, consultant in the Disability Affairs Devision of The Department of Social Services.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|God, who is omnipotent, could have softened Pharaoh’s heart, but he hardens it instead, which gives him a reason to afflict every Egyptian with painful boils and other miseries before killing every one of their firstborn sons. (The word Passover alludes to the executioner angel’s passing over the households with Israelite firstborns.) God follows this massacre with another one when he drowns the Egyptian army as they pursue the Israelites across the Red Sea. The Israelites assemble at Mount Sinai and hear the Ten Commandments, the great moral code that outlaws engraved images and the coveting of livestock but gives a pass to slavery, rape, torture, mutilation, and genocide of neighboring tribes. The Israelites become impatient while waiting for Moses to return with an expanded set of laws, which will prescribe the death penalty for blasphemy, homosexuality, adultery, talking back to parents, and working on the Sabbath. To pass the time, they worship a statue of a calf, for which the punishment turns out to be, you guessed it, death. Following orders from God, Moses and his brother Aaron kill three thousand of their companions.
Peter Santos|When you wish to talk to someone, talk to Jesus, He loves to hear you speak.
Will Cuppy, How to Tell Your Friends from the Apes|Sometimes i think you were a dolphin in a previous life,
Erich Fromm, The Sane Society|We consume, as we produce, without any concrete relatedness to the objects with which we deal; We live in a world of things, and our only connection with them is that we know how to manipulate or to consume them.
J.D. Brayton, The Clabber Grrrl's Retreat: A Lurid Tale of Exotic Reptiles, Bloody Murder, and the Fine Art of Baking|FICTION is a series of unintended coincidence,confabulation,and quasi-lucid lying made plausible enough for an author and a reader to cohabitate for a secret, brief and sinful affair. Nothing is real.Except imagination~with a pinch of perception, and a dash of collusion used as the Clabber.Be So Advised.
Kenneth Branagh|I don't feel that I've faced discrimination. I've had every chance to succeed and more, and I think that's what all women should have.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|A sharp decline in actual deprivation may, paradoxically, have been accompanied by an ongoing and even escalating sense of fear of deprivation.
Riaz Ahmed Gohar Shahi, The Religion of God|Any person who, with all the sincerity of heart, is in search for God, on land or in the sea, is worthy of respect.
L.M. Montgomery|Floating along like a leaf after fallI land soft on the crisp ground belowstill tempted to fly, God hold me in place.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Anxiety and fear are like baby tigers: The more you feed them, the stronger they grow.
Bharath Mamidoju|Life is all about Expectations verses Reality, be in reality.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|But you can't stay in the dark for so long. Something inside of you starts to fade and you become like a starving person, crazy-hungry for light.
Theodore Isaac Rubin|The day of fortune is like a harvest day, We must be busy when the corn is ripe.
Chris Kyle|Home, nowadays, is a place where part of the family waits till the rest of the family brings the car back.
Jim Elliot|Even now, after whatever gains feminism has made in involving fathers in the rearing of their children, I still think virtually all of us spend the most formative years of our lives very much in the presence of women.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I can't stand men crying. It's wrong, isn't it? Their faces aren't made for it, they kind of crumple; it's painful to watch.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|If love is a flame, I am an inferno...
Osamu Tezuka|Archive material is a fabulous starting point - individual documents are like signposted roads, heading to a variety of intriguing possibilities.
Natalie Baszile, Queen Sugar|Girl, you're free, can't you see that? You've got your child, you've got your family down here who love you, you've got your farm. You don't have to ask for anything. You know how few women in this world get to say that, black or white?
Blaise Pascal|I made this [letter] very long, because I did not have the leisure to make it shorter.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Never Another You|Their marriage was cold and tedious. Formal and unloving. Stale even. She never had any regrets like this with Jack. With Jack, a rainy day would be cheerful.
Maggie  Hall, The Ends of the World|It felt dangerous. It felt amazing. It felt like of course the lights were out, because all the electricity in the city was in my veins.
C.T. Studd|When the early Church recited the Apostles Creed, it was simultaneously their greatest act of rebellion, and their greatest act of submission.
David Clark|...While grace does do away with the need for good works, it’s grace which also makes good works truly possible. If good works don’t play into your salvation, then doing them is a sheer act of love, both for those they benefit and to God. It’s a way of solving the conundrum of how can a good work be truly good if the doer of the work expects to benefit from it in any way."-David Clark
Maja Säfström|From an illustration in her "Animals of a Bygone Era": a Leptictidium, an extinct rabbit-like animal who left no descendants, says: "Too bad, because we were really cute.
Sylvia Mathews Burwell|The answer is not to standardize education, but to personalize and customize it to the needs of each child and community. There is no alternative. There never was.
Brett Tate|Tatiana is a ridiculously curvy thing of dreams, with smooth succulent thighs, long strawberry blond cascading beneath a teal bandana, and a nympho sparkle in her eyes that says pick me, lick me, spank me, or I punish you. Raw innocence and mayhem at once.
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|Ah, Zora, you are so naive," the fire fairy said with a hearty chuckle. "You have no idea what happened to them, do you? You have no clue as to what happened to your parents.
Eddie Izzard|I grew up in Europe, where the history comes from.
Tyler Jones|At the end of the day, your life is just a story. If you don't like the direction it's going, change it. Rewrite it. When you rewrite a sentence, you erase it and start over until you get it right. Yes, it's a little more complicated with a life, but the principle is the same. And remember, don't let anyone ever tell you that your revisions are not the truth.
Glen Duncan|Goody. That must be why they were looking for a 22-caliber anything when they came by with their search warrant this morning.''They didn't!''They did.''When?''Oddly enough, right before I upped my meds.
Akiroq Brost|Without relying on any deities, mantras, or mandalas, without having to master the intricacies of any doctrine or philosophy, I vividly understood what it meant to be a fragile, impermanent creature in a fragile, impermanent world. The mindfulness sharpened my attention to everything that was going on within and around me. My body became a tingling, pulsing mass of sensations. At times when I sat outside I felt as though the breeze were blowing through me. The sheen of the grass was more brilliant, the rustling leaves were like a chorus in an endlessly unfolding symphony. At the same time there was a deep stillness and poise at the core of this vital awareness.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|two great questions exist in each day; 'what must I do excellently today?' for morning and 'what did I do wrong or right today?' for evening. When we fail to know the real reasons why we wake up each day and why we retire at night, we fail to know the real reasons why we live.
Brenda Sutton Rose|Why do we tell lies? We lie because the truth is too painful or too shameful for us to face, or because the truth is simply inconvenient and has to be suppressed before it’s allowed to disturb us. We invent lies because, for whatever reason, we want to invent reality. And the false reality which we invent, the world we make up by our lying, has one great advantage for us: It makes no claim on us. It demands nothing. It doesn’t shape us in the way that truth shapes us; it faces us with no obligations; it has no hard, resistant surfaces which we can’t get through. A lie is a made-up reality, and so never unsettles, never criticizes, never resists, never overthrows us. It’s the world, not as it is, but as we wish it to be: a world organized around us and our desires, the perfect environment in which we can be left at peace to be ourselves and to follow our own good or evil purposes.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|There's no such thing as ready, there's only willing.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|Stop thinking all the time that you're in the way, that you're bothering the person next to you. If people don't like it, they can complain. And if they don't have courage to complain, that's their problem.
Michel Peissel, Mustang; A Lost Tibetan Kingdom|The general kind and soft customs of Mustang were soon to strike me as exceptional. Apart from occasional disputes between husband and wife, which like family rows all around the world bring raised voices, I never heard a person scream or shout; Even the children had very civilised manners. In fact the only person I knew to consistently angry in Lo Mantang was myself, and Tibetans consider bd temper a Western characteristic. Take for example the reactions of European to missing his train; he will invariably swear under his breath. Who in our can stand frustration without giving vent to anger? I soon had to master my own temper, having raised my voice against one of the innumerable people who stopped to stare at me and my smal party, I was told by a peasant: ‘’I cannot understand; you are a great man, how is it that small things like myself deserve your wrath?’’ After that I learned to be tolerant, realising that by getting mad I was only debasing myself, and that it was stupid to be bothered by trivialities.
Lily King, Euphoria|When you're finally a grown-up, one of the things you find is that there are no grown-ups.
Anuj Tiwari, Journey Of Two Hearts! -will be cherished forever|I didn’t know then that young girls were a sort of poison, infectious to the man of age; and that men of age justly take woman of age to cure themselves of the diseases of youth.
Joseph Smith Jr., The Doctrine and Covenants of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints|But all of the survivors had one thing in common, and that was love. They survived through love. Whether love of friend, love of country, love of God, or even love of enemy—love reveals to us the truly miraculous nature of the human spirit.
Red Tash, Troll Or Derby|Oh, hell. You're a fairy," I said. "Yeah," he said. "You know, they call it 'being gay' nowadays, but sure, whatever.
Akshay Vasu|Love me like today is the last day we can see stars in the sky, let us sleep under them and throw ourselves into the oblivion and never again reach out for reality.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|If you want to be a writer, then write.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|When I was small, I never wanted to step in puddles. Not because of any fear of drowned worms or wet stockings; I was by and large a grubby child, with a blissful disregard for filth of any kind.It was because I couldn't bring myself believe that that perfect smooth expanse was no more than I thin film of water over solid earth. I believed it was an opening into some fathomless space. Sometimes, seeing the tiny ripples caused by my approach, I thought the puddle impossibly deep, a bottomless sea in which the lazy coil of a tentacle and gleam of scale lay hidden, with the threat of huge bodies and sharp teeth adrift and silent in the far-down depths.And then, looking down into reflection, I would see my own round face and frizzled hair against a featureless blue sweep, and think instead that the puddle was the entrance to another sky. If I stepped in there, I would drop at once, and keep on falling, on and on, into blue space.The only time I would dare walk though a puddle was at twilight, when the evening stars came out. If I looked in the water and saw one lighted pinprick there, I could slash through unafraid--for if I should fall into the puddle and on into space, I could grab hold of the star as I passed, and be safe.Even now, when I see a puddle in my path, my mind half-halts--though my feet do not--then hurries on, with only the echo of the though left b
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We encounter great souls, who lived in historical times, in ancient books.
Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit|Generally, by the time you are Real, most of your hair has been loved off, and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby. But these things don't matter at all, because once you are Real you can't be ugly, except to people who don't understand.
Tracey Bond|If you live long enough & have changed enough diapers like I have raising 6 whole grown adult children one-at-a-time; you ought to be able to call out bullshit blindly, in about a million different ways & plays. My potty-training days have long been over...so what fool retards at their wisdom stage? For this chief reason, I could show you better than tell you, try as you might: you cannot change grown ups diapers in life, who think you don't know how 'full of shit' they are today.
Alfred Adler|Additionally, this tax forces family businesses to invest in Uncle Sam rather than the economy. When families are forced to repurchase businesses because of the death tax, that means less money is being invested in new jobs and capital expansion.
Marissa Meyer, The Little Android|Life’s just a sacrifice, a ransomWe pay to Death for Love to save,Which turns to be as great as handsomeTo get a blessing from the grave.
Sengcan|But my brain winds and wends. Back and forth. Up and down. It feels like the county fair has inhabited my mind-- complete with sketchy rides, carnies, and sugar-amped kids crying over lost balloons. So loud and disorienting. I want it to pack up and move on to the next town. I want my mind to be an open grassy field again with crickets and dandelions.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|Death moved in the night, in search for blood, and when it found Life, it passed on by, like a cloud that moves by the face of the moon. When he found those dead without the red, he took the life before them born first, and the mourning emptied itself till the morning.
Donald Barthelme, Sixty Stories|I visit my assistant mistress. "Well, Azalea," I say, sitting in the best chair, "what has happened to you since my last visit?" Azalea tells me what happened to her. She has covered a sofa, and written a novel. Jack has behaved badly. Roger has lost his job (replaced by an electric eye). Gigi's children are in the hospital being detoxified, all three. Azalea herself is dying of love. I stroke her buttocks, which are perfection, if you can have perfection, under the capitalistic system. "It is better to marry that to burn," St. Paul says, but St. Paul is largely discredited now, for the toughness of his views does not accord with the experience of advanced industrial societies.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sun needed friends to shine, it would not rule the sky alone.
Colleen Boyd, Swamp Angel|Besides, my life is a catastrophe. It's a catastrophe to be without a voice.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The definition of 'Employment' by an employer, and, that by an employee, are seldom the same.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The wrong man is not always wrong because of his wrong actions, often he is wrong because of no actions.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Please take a long, hard look at your textbook, cause I'm history
Zoe Sugg|Grit your teeth and smile. In the face of adversity, go. They don't deserve you.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|In fact, some people who rate very high marks on the ego-based indexes of success are the ones I find most difficult to be around—and totally uninspiring
Jane Grey|I gave my parole once, and it has been shamefully violated by the British Government; I shall not give another to people on whom no faith can be reposed.
Mary Meade Eastman|If you have a choice, choose kindness.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Creator|In every sound, the hidden silence sleeps.
Mark Twain|To get the right word in the right place is a rare achievement. To condense the diffused light of a page of thought into the luminous flash of a single sentence, is worthy to rank as a prize composition just by itself...Anybody can have ideas--the difficulty is to express them without squandering a quire of paper on an idea that ought to be reduced to one glittering paragraph.
Daphne du Maurier|I love the stillness of a room, after a party. The chairs are moved, the cushions disarranged, everything is there to show that people enjoyed themselves; and one comes back to the empty room happy that it's over, happy to relax and say, 'Now we are alone again.
Claire Danes|People don't trust government, they don't trust Wall Street, they don't trust the church, they don't trust the media.
Kim   Wright, City of Silence|If you want a man to trust you, ask him for a favor. Most people get this part wrong. They try to win people over by offering something to them, but humans instinctively recoil from those who help them. They like the people that they help far better, even if the favor granted is as small as a cigarette.
Maimonides, The Guide for the Perplexed|The person who wishes to attain human perfection should study logic first, next mathematics, then physics, and, lastly, metaphysics.
Isabel Fonseca, Bury Me Standing: The Gypsies and Their Journey|On the whole, lying is a cheerful affair. Embellishments are intended to give pleasure. People long to tell you what they imagine you want to hear. They want to amuse you; they want to amuse themselves; they want to show you a good time. This is beyond hospitality. This is art.
Roman Payne|You are like a god, like an immortal one,' she whispered to me one night in our bed, her naked body pressed to mine, our sweat golden and glistening in the candlelight. 'Oh, my love,' I whispered back to her, 'I am more mortal than all. It seems that a part of me dies every night that I lie with you.
Deborah "Atianne" Wilson|The Light in me IS the Light in you,and the Light in you IS me.
A.M. Robinson, Vampire Crush|We'd better get. But y'all have a nice night,' I say. Apparently, fear turns me Texan. A startling personality insight that I'll jot down later if I'm not dead in a ditch.
Capt Tom Bunn LCSW|With the earth firmly beneath our feet, we can approach what attracts us, and withdraw from what unnerves us. If there is real danger, we can run. Mobility means security, both physically and emotionally. Flying takes away our most basic way of regulating feelings.
Colleen Houck|He kissed me wildly, overwhelming me like a giant wave rushing to shore. I was soon lost in the turbulent grasp of his embrace and yet…I knew I was safe. His wild kiss drove me, pushed me, asked me questions I was unwilling to consider. But I was cherished by this dark Poseidon, and though he had the power to crush me utterly, to drown me in the purple depths of his wake, he held me aloft, separate. His passionate kiss changed. It gentled and soothed and entreated. Together we drifted towards a safe harbor. The god of the sea set me down securely on a sandy beach and steadied me as I trembled. Effervescent tingles shot through my limbs delighting me with surges of sparkling sensation like sandy toes tickled by bubbly waves. Finally, the waves moved away and I felt my Poseidon watching me from a distance. We looked at each other knowing we were forever changed by the experience. We both knew that I would always belong to the sea and that I would never be able to part from it and be whole again.
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|The system we have built refuses to recognize people. Only credit cards are recognized. Drivers' licenses are recognized. But not people. People haven't any use for faces anymore, it seems. They are busy looking at your credit card, your driver's licence, your social security number. If a driver's licence is more reliable than the face I wear, then why do I have a face?
W. C. Doane|The minister's brain is often die "poor-box" of the church.
RoChe Montoya, Planet Prey|If I got to pick anyone, anyone at all, to be stranded on a deserted planet with, it would be you, I always want to be with you. And not just... not just to talk to. When you touch me... I don't want you to stop.
Kyra Dune, The Silver Catacombs|I don’t want to kill you, but I must. For the good of the country.
Maria Renteria|If you give your work life, your work will give you life. Vies-versa
Martha C. Nussbaum|It seems to me that good philosophy will always have a place in the investigation of any matter of deep human importance, because of its commitment to clarity, to carefully drawn distinctions, to calm argument rather than prejudice and dogmatic assertion""Philosophical Interventions" (Reviews 1986-2011)
Adrienne Rich|I always believed in God and Christ, but I was in rebellion - trying to make my relationship with God fit into my life instead of making my life fit in with him. I was stubborn.
Mother Teresa|Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.
Jeffrey H Ryan|There are realistic limitations, but it's the unrealistic ones that are malignant to our potential.
Sapphire Phelan|And then I got what she was saying. In the paranormal world, everyone was your enemy.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|We've got so much in this life that all we know how to do is want more. So we concentrate on the wrong things--things we can see--as being the measure of a person. We think if we win something big or buy something snazzy it'll make us more than we are. Our hearts know that's not true, but the eyes are powerful. It's easier to fix on what we can see than listen to the still, small voice of a whispering heart.
Gwenn Wright, Katherine's Journal|I know it's beyond what you can bear, child. You must not try to carry this alone.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|From within the abysmal depths of a heart, the soul echoes A Lover's Tale of an Eternal Love (Through the Darkness, WIth Love - Vol. 1)
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Abruptly, Adrik snarled, 'I'm glad Sergei's dead. I'm just sorry I didn't get to wring his neck myself.''You'd need two hands for that,' said
Steven Erikson, Memories of Ice|In my dreams I come face to face with myriad reflections of myself, all unknown and passing strange. They speak unending in languages not my own and walk with companions I have never met, in places my steps have never gone. In my dreams I walk worlds where forests crowd my knees and half the sky is walled ice. Dun herds flow like mud, vast floods tusked and horned surging over the plain, and lo, they are my memories, the migrations of my soul.
Matthew McConaughey|Find your fucking balls, Mitch, and reattach them!
Meg Whitman|Late August still feels like summer here in the Ozarks, but it is the time of year the nighthawks are moving on to their South American wintering grounds.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as I breathe, I live in love, in the light of life.
Matt Vella|Never take today for granted, tomorrow might never come.
James Franco|100 years ago, movies were black-and-white, silent, and 16 frames a second. So 100 years from now, what are they going to be?
Brittany L. Engels, Rompita Kero, Healing for the Broken Heart|When God gives you a mission, He also gives you everything you need to fulfill that mission.
Lemony Snicket, The End|In the haste to imitate an idol, in the race to become someone else, we forget the most important lesson.How to be ourselves.
John Michell, The Dimensions of Paradise: Sacred Geometry, Ancient Science, and the Heavenly Order on Earth|Water. Earth. Fire. Air.Long ago, the four nations lived together in harmony. Then everything changed when the Fire Nation attacked. Only the Avatar, master of all four elements , could stop them. But when the world needed him most, he vanished. A hundred years passed and my brother and I discovered the new Avatar, an airbender named Aang, and although his airbending skills are great, he still has a lot to learn before he's ready to save anyone.But I believe Aang can save the world.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|The people in charge can always justify doing terrible things in the name of the greater good. A slaughter here, a little torture there. It becomes moral to do things that would be immoral if an ordinary individual did ’em.
Bryn Greenwood, All the Ugly and Wonderful Things|Such was the case with most unhappy students; they avoided even one another, so intent on their own unhappiness they failed to notice the other lost souls around them.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Consciously I love you so intensely, which is why I choose to hurt you unconsciously!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Life is for sharing, service and specific fulfillment.
Scott Eastwood|I'm going to use all my tools, my God-given ability, and make the best life I can with it.
Socrates|Be of good cheer about death, and know this of a truth, that no evil can happen to a good man, either in life or after death.
Dada Bhagwan|Whether you practice craftiness in your business, you will have profit and if you do not practice craftiness, then also you will have [same] profit. Craftiness creates a liability for the next life. So God had said not to do craftiness. There is no benefit in it and there is infinite suffering.
Gordon B. Hinckley, Standing for Something: 10 Neglected Virtues That Will Heal Our Hearts and Homes|We wear on our faces the results of what we believe and how we behave, and such behavior is most evident in the eyes and on the faces of those who have lived many years.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Magnificent Weight Loss System|When you make a solid commitment to restructure the spiritual vitality in yourself, there is no end to the healing that you can experience in all areas of your life
Mehmet Murat ildan|We want greatness, but we prefer it tamed and on a leash short enough for us to control it, yet long enough to allow it to retain some remote yet diminished flavor of greatness.
Shannon A. Thompson, November Snow|If there comes among you a prophet saying ‘Let us return to the darkness,’ you shall stone him, because he has sought to thrust you away from the light.
Thoughts And Writings @wnq-writers.com|She'd made those choices out of fear, and she wasn't afraid anymore. From now on, if something was important to her, she would demand it. Because the truth was that she belonged anywhere she wanted to be, and she was beautiful just for being brave.
Janice Lane Palko, St. Anne's Day|I was convinced that she was about to tell me my card was declined, and assumed Derek wanting to talk later meant he'd soon be telling me our life was declined. Everything, everyone had reached their limits with me.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|You will need seed money, so begin saving for your book. Don’t give up. Also, write down the ideas that you have right away so you don’t lose them.
Jordan Castillo Price, Immortal Coil|‎"Your heart is in your chest. It supplies the blood to your cells. Even if you don't think about it, your heart is always pumping. The heart is the most important organ in the body. Without it, you will die."'What grade are you teaching these days?' Joel asked. ' Because either this is really sad...or really profound.
Jesse Browner|We are all doomed to seek our own happiness; we can't help ourselves. We are all, the cruel and the gentle alike, condemned to seeking that happiness in the dark. We use our need as the blind use a walking stick, to determine the safety of every forward step. 
Lemony Snicket|Perhaps if we saw what was ahead of us, and glimpsed the follies, and misfortunes that would befall us later on, we would all stay in our mother's wombs, and then there would be nobody in the world but a great number of very fat, very irritated women.
Israel Broussard|I am firmly of the opinion that women who make a lot of effort to hang onto their looks in middle age (unless they are beauties, entertainers or prostitutes) are rather sad, as one should surely have something more substantial to recommend one by this time, such as kindness or cleverness.
Anam Iqbal, The Whyte Divide|So you shoot people," she said quietly. "You're a killer.""Me? How?""The papers and the police fixed it up nicely. But I don't believe everything I read.""Oh, you think I accounted for Geiger - or Brody-or both of them."She didn't say anything. "I didn't have to," I said. "I might have. I suppose, and got away with it. Neither of them would have hesitated to throw lead at.""That makes you a killer at heart, like all cops.""Oh, nuts.
Nikki Rowe|be kind, even when others are not, It empowers them to become a better version of themselves.
Isra|Do not let your good ideas to spend your brain energy, do it with all the effort because the shadow of the success can become a reality only with hard work.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Somewhere in the world there is a defeat for everyone. Some are destroyed by defeat, and some made small and mean by victory. Greatness lives in one who triumphs equally over defeat and victory.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Each day, write a thankful note.
Meghan (Apriceno) Carr|The person who will make you feel different, who will tell you about your imperfections, who will show you and will let you experience the things you've thought that only exist in your dreams, can be happiness and or sadness.Yes they are real! the person that you have love for a long time in your mind is living here on earth. He/She might come and enter your life anytime and at any place.What matters is treasure him/her/them and let them be part of your breathtaking life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the knowledge of God, we are in complete darkness.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|I was happy, but happy is an adult word. You don't have to ask a child about happy, you see it. They are or they are not. Adults talk about being happy because largely they are not. Talking about it is the same as trying to catch the wind. Much easier to let it blow all over you. This is where I disagree with the philosophers. They talk about passionate things but there is no passion in them. Never talk happiness with a philosopher.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|I’m going to break one of the rules of the trade here. I’m going to tell you some of the secrets of improvisation. Just remember—it’s always a good idea to follow the directions exactly the first time you try a recipe. But from then on, you’re on your own.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Woe betide him, and her too, when it comes to things of consequence, when they are placed in circumstances requiring fortitude and strength of mind, if she have not resolution enough to resist idle interference ... It is the worst evil of too yielding and indecisive a character, that no influence over it can be depended on. You are never sure of a good impression being durable; everybody may sway it. Let those who would be happy be firm.
Joyce Maynard, The Good Daughters|There is something about the act of studying an unclothed body, as an artist does, that allows a person to appreciate it as pure form, regardless of the kinds of traits traditionally regarded as imperfections. In a figure drawing class, an obese woman's folds of flesh take on a kind of beauty. You can look at a man's shrunken chest or legs or buttocks with tenderness. Age is not ugly, just poignant.
Barbara Mandrell|I don't understand what the big deal is with gay marriage. Get over it, people.
Blaine Harden, Escape from Camp 14: One Man's Remarkable Odyssey from North Korea to Freedom in the West|High School students in America debate why President Roosevelt didn't bomb the rail lines to Hitler's camps. Their children may ask, a generation from now, why the West stared at far clearer satellite images of Kim Jong Il's camps, and did nothing.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I believe God lets us stumble along, slowly finding our way, and giving us chances to pick each other up.
Auliq Ice|Cockiness is a display of an empty lifestyle, humility is when you see yourself as a zero while others are making you their hero.
Deborah Sandella|When you want to change anything it is best to simply be the change. Nothing will influence your thinking and your feelings as much as your body becoming the new you.It is simple really, we are accustomed to having our minds or our emotions tell our body how to behave. Sayings like: "I expect it will be a disaster," result in slumping body language. Feelings anxiety cause our body to tense up. But you can work your system the other way around and use your body to influence your thoughts and your feelings.Try this: sit or stand up straight and put a big smile on your face - now, how do you feel?
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|When you feel this burden, you might be frustrated, wondering why no one else cares as much as you do. The reason why you care and others don't could be because God has aimed it directly at you.
Confucius|The Master said, “What a worthy man was Yan Hui! Living in a narrow alley, subsisting upon meager bits of rice and water—other people could not have borne such hardship, and yet it never spoiled Hui’s joy. What a worthy man was Hui!”(Analects 6.11)
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Oh, September! It is so soon for you to lose your friends to good work and strange loves and high ambitions. The sadness of that is too grown-up for you. Like whiskey and voting, it is a dangerous and heady business, as heavy as years. If I could keep your little tribe together forever, I would. I do so want to be generous. But some stories sprout bright vines that tendril off beyond our sight, carrying the folk we love best with them, and if I knew how to accept that with grace, I would share the secret.
Lang Leav, Sad Girls|Audrey, if you had the choice, would you rather be his muse or be in his arms?" "I want to be both. I know it's the exception rather than the rule, but I can't hepl what I want.
Jackson Radcliffe, The Yoga Sutras|Aye lass,” nodded Gizurr, “you are quite the beauty for sure. I’d certainly offer to buy you a beer or two if I ever met you in a pub and that’s a fact.”Ragni tutted and elbowed Gizurr in the ribs, “Have some respect, she looks young enough to be your daughter.”“Well she isn’t is she?” snorted Gizurr, “She’s been trapped here for over two thousand years, made to think that she’s an ugly old bird and fooled by some arse wipe into protecting a lump of rock that is perfectly capable of looking after itself.”Ragni pursed his lips and nodded slowly in agreement.
Jael McHenry|I'm completely out of control, and I can hear the beginnings of the chant, get/out/, but now that I'm not being touched maybe I can master it and I shut the world out: separating an orange into skinless sections. Peel it, but not with your fingers. Level off the top and bottom. Set it on the board. Remove the peel in strips with a paring knife, pushing down from the top to bottom with slow, curved strokes. Nick off all the white parts. Cup the cool, wet skinless fruit in your hand. Take care. Don't rush. Press the blade into the flesh of the orange, sink it down, a segment at a time, along the left side of the skin and then the right. Left and right. Left and right. As close as you can to the membrane. Press to the center with your knife, level and easy. If you cut right, the segment will fall out onto the board, triangular, gleaming. Left and right. Left and right. If you rush you'll cut yourself. Take care with it. Cut right along the seam, right where the sweet fruit meets the tough membrane. Let and right. Left and right. As close as you can.
Gian Kumar|I sometimes wonder if all other animals, all plants, maybe even stars and rivers and rocks, dwell in steady awareness of God, while humans alone, afflicted with self-consciousness, imagine ourselves apart.
Jeff Goins|To Love oneself is Ok but,to love only oneself isn't!
J.A. Belfield, Unnatural|...But I know as well as the next werewolf who’s fallen that you don’t get to choose who trips you. Once your soul recognises its other half, what follows is no longer within your control..."~ Connor Larsen
Henry T. Blackaby, Spiritual Leadership: Moving People on to God's Agenda|Well, I myself, while sometimes unkempt by nights of drunkenness and debauchery, am quite convinced a man’s good character is marked by his impeccable attire.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Every adult life could be said to be defined by two great love stories. The first - the story of our quest for sexual love - is well known and well charted, its vagaries form the staple of music and literature, it is socially accepted and celebrated. The second - the story of our quest for love from the world - is a more secret and shameful tale. If mentioned, it tends to be in caustic, mocking terms, as something of interest chiefly to envious or deficient souls, or else the drive for status is interpreted in an economic sense alone. And yet this second love story is no less intense than the first, it is no less complicated, important or universal, and its setbacks are no less painful. There is heartbreak here too.
Kate Brian, Megan Meade's Guide to the McGowan Boys|Do real boys actually call girls baby? I don't have enough experience to know. I do know that if a guy ever called me baby, I'd probably laugh in his face. Or choke him.
Gift Gugu Mona|Never underestimate the power of Faith because when nothing seems impossible, Faith makes it possible.
Robert Dallek|We never used to blink at taking a leadership role in the world. And we understood leadership often required something other than drones and bombs. We accepted global leadership not just for humanitarian reasons, but also because it was in our own best interest. We knew we couldn't isolate ourselves from trouble. There was no place to hide.
Benjamin Watson|'MMMbop' ultimately is about trying to see the positive in the negative, trying to see the positive relationships you'll have the in the face of challenge and strife.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature|In the presence of nature, a wild delight runs through the man, in spite of real sorrows. Nature says, -- he is my creature, and maugre all his impertinent griefs, he shall be glad with me
Megan Frampton, Lady Be Bad|God I'm crazy about him.""It's early yet for crazy isn't it?""Don't you know when you know? Five minutes, five years - how does that change what you know? I wanted to know with the man I was with before. I tried to know. I liked him, and I was comfortable with him. I told myself, 'Give it more time', but time didn't change anything. Not for either of us as it turned out.
Dan Abnett|True inspiration unfolds itself, not by force or it becomes fake. True intuition is also the ability to be observant.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Novel Habits of Happiness|In knowing "what's best" for our patients, we tyrannize them with our good intentions. Behind our benevolent persona, our ruthless shadow is letting out the clutch.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Regardless of your chosen faith, at the end of your life's journey, your heart will be measured in two ways. One, the weight of your conscience must far outweigh the weight of a feather. Two, any impurities in your heart must weigh no more than one feather.
Sue Monk Kidd|Life is about having a good time, and it was a good time. We did some things well and some things poorly, but that was always the case.
Jody Hedlund, Forever Safe|You challenge me to be a better person. And no one else does that, except maybe my mother.
Adam Benten Dula|There comes a point in our lives where light bothers us more than darkness , we get used to bad happening around us than good , happiness makes us more anxious than sadness and at that moment , we don't mind our lives going chaotic as everything seems to be in order .
George S. Patton Jr.|Battles are won by slaughter and maneuver. The greater the general, the more he contributes in maneuver, the less he demands in slaughter.
J. Zachary Pike, Death and Taxes: An Urban Fantasy Mystery|So…just to be totally clear, you are a lesbian, right?” Lydia met Harper’s gaze. “I am, and I’m damn proud of it.” “That’s pretty cool.” “Glad you think so,” Lydia said with a smirk. “I’d hate to get another detention for painting you and this ugly-ass badger.
Stewart Lee|I always credited my mother with inspiring me to be a writer because she was such a passionate reader. She read poetry to me as a child. But rather late in life, I've come to appreciate my father, the accountant. He was a solid, organized, get-the-job-done kind of person-and you need that piece of it to be a writer, too.
Mark V. Ewert, The Generosity Path: Finding the Richness in Giving|I am ambitious. I set goals; not because I am ungrateful for what I have, but because I am happy with who I am. I enjoy the experience of rising above my perceived limitations and discovering new levels of my capabilities.
Ferguson Fartworthy, How My Gas Made Me Famous|Amy Bellini and Sasha Tibbles traipsed down the aisle and wriggled into the back seat, Amy right next to me. Her damp brown hair flicked in my face as she turned to make herself more comfortable. I didn’t mind. I wouldn’t admit this to ANYONE, but I think she’s not quite as weird as the rest of the girls.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|If all of the steps of surrender are present, then a great Rembrandt or Monet will evoke love because the artist is simply there in all his naked humanity.
Kaoru Mori, A Bride's Story, Vol. 4|On becoming a mother, I had forever left that solitary state of girlhood behind, and if I sometimes pined to be alone with Augustine as we used to be in our first love, a quick glance at my sleeping son's face soon banished such foolish thoughts. It was as if Augustine and I had been in a beautiful bubble but when my body split open in childbirth, the shimmering membrane broke and we were delivered to the world.
Deirdre Cavanagh, The Legend of the City of Ys|Do not think to swim below. The ocean is already pushing into ears, sinuses, temples, the softness of eyes, and the harpsichord strings behind the kneecaps.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The depth and complexity of the questions we’ve recently been engaging tend to ignite associated questions very quickly. The family members of these subjects—purpose, responsibility, devotion, commitment, trust, yearning—and their neighbors—frustration, jealousy, ambition, sloth, etc.—get all excited and have things to say to each other. Because of the pressure and tension between them, one has to negotiate the dialogue carefully and use a lot of patience, tolerance and other unsexy qualities. Otherwise, we’ve got another war on our hands.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In the midst of darkness, you're my guiding light.
Lauren Groff, Delicate Edible Birds and Other Stories|Scully nodded. Of course. It made sense. Complete sense. No question about it. Mulder was perfectly sane in telling her all this. And she was perfectly sane in listening to it and nodding and urging him to tell her more. It was the rest of the world that was-She doubled over as a wave of laughter hit her.Mulder looked at her and started laughing too. They stood there in the cemetery in the darkness and the drizzle, laughing their heads off.'You know we're crazy,' Scully finally said.'Of course we are,' Mulder gasped out.
Mark Slouka, Essays from the Nick of Time: Reflections and Refutations|Don't Raise your Anger into a War, Raise it into a Plan
Eliza Lynn Linton|Progress had not invaded, science had not enlightened, the little hamlet of Pieuvrot, in Brittany. They were a simple, ignorant, superstitious set who lived there, and the luxuries of civilization were known to them as little as its learning. They toiled hard all the week on the ungrateful soil that yielded them but a bare subsistence in return; they went regularly to mass in the little rock-set chapel on Sundays and saint’s days; believed implicitly all that monsieur le cure said to them, and many things which he did not say; and they took all the unknown, not as magnificent but as diabolical
Emery Lord, Open Road Summer|The more mistakes I make, the least I judge other people's mistakes
Mae West|Never let a fool kiss you, or a kiss fool you.
Debasish Mridha|The most loving, soft, and sweetest word in the world is “Mom.
Kady Cross, The Girl with the Windup Heart|Her heart kicked hard against her ribs, seized by a terrible fear that refused to let go no matter how hard she pushed.
Craig Hatkoff|When the first computers started to come in, we tried to digitalize the seismological equipment.
Tamara Hughes, Once Upon a Masquerade|He had an overwhelming urge to take possession of her lips, silencing any mention of another man’s name.
Richard Paul Evans, A Step of Faith|Many of the gaps in my knowledge and understanding were simply limits of class and cultural background, not lack of aptitude or application as I feared. Page 135
V.S. Naipaul, A Bend in the River|We've got to face the fact that some people say you fight fire best with fire, but we say you put fire out best with water. We say you don't fight racism with racism. We're gonna fight racism with solidarity.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Suppose that we could close our eyes today and see the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow, we would have never wished to open our eyes again for the real certainties and uncertainties of tomorrow never ends!
Wael Ghonim, Revolution 2:0: A Memoir and Call to Action|What the gods are supposed to be, what the priests are commissioned to say, is not a sensational secret like what those running messengers of the Gospel had to say. Nobody else except those messengers has any Gospel; nobody else has any good news; for the simple reason that nobody else has any news.Those runners gather impetus as they run. Ages afterwards they still speak as if something had just happened. Theyhave not lost the speed and momentum of messengers; they have hardly lost, as it were, the wild eyes of witnesses. In the Catholic Church, which is the cohort of the message, there are still those headlong acts of holiness that speak of something rapid and recent; a self-sacrifice that startles the world like a suicide. But it is not a suicide; it is not pessimistic; it is still as optimistic as St. Francis of the flowers and birds. It is newer in spirit than the newest schools of thought; and it is almost certainly on the eve of new triumphs. For these men serve a mother who seems to grow more beautiful as new generations rise up and call her blessed. We might sometimes fancy that the Church grows younger as the world grows old.
Jean Faustin Louembe|And then he kissed me, and when the haze of lust cleared and my knees found their strength, and all I could think was Oh Shit
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|There was a certain wisdom in doing little, when one was obliged to act in ignorance.
Justin Trudeau|Economists who have studied the relationship between education and economic growth confirm what common sense suggests: The number of college degrees is not nearly as important as how well students develop cognitive skills, such as critical thinking and problem-solving ability.
Blake Mycoskie|Individuals with kidney disease who are able to obtain treatment early experience a higher quality of life and are able to maintain more of their day-to-day activities, including keeping their jobs.
Nurudeen Ushawu|The biggest of obstacle in life, is not failure. The biggest obstacle, is the fear of failure.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Make good boundaries your goal. They are your right, your responsibility, your greatest source of dignity.
John Stossel No They can t|Across organizations in services, manufacturing, healthcare and government, eighty percent of an organization’s improvement potential lies in front-line ideas.
Nat King Cole|The maker movement is about people who want to gain more control of the human design world that they interact with every day. Instead of accepting off-the-shelf solutions from institutions and corporations, makers would like to make, modify, and repair their own tools, clothing, food, toys, furniture, and other physical objects.
Anne Lamott, Operating Instructions: A Journal of My Son's First Year|That’s the funny thing,” she said. “Men always want to die for something. For someone. I can see the appeal. You do it once and it’s done. No more worrying, not knowing, about tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow. I know you all think it sounds brave, but I’ll tell you something even braver. To struggle and fight for the ones you love today. And then do it all over again the next day. Every day. For your whole life. It’s not as romantic, I admit. But it takes a lot of courage to live for someone, too.
Rita Dove|If our children are unable to voice what they mean, no one will know how they feel. If they can’t imagine a different world, they are stumbling through a darkness made all the more sinister by its lack of reference points. For a young person growing up in America’s alienated neighborhoods, there can be no greater empowerment than to dare to speak from the heart — and then to discover that one is not alone in ones feelings.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Heat|Seth's quote from his book:"And if I only couldI'd make a deal with God and I'd get Him to swap our places"-"Running up that Hill" by Kate Bush
Nicholaus Patnaude, First Aide Medicine|I don't like people much, and I like doctors even less.
Laurie Matthew, Groomed: An Uncle Who Went Too Far, a Mother Who Didn't Care, a Little Girl Who Waited for Justice|He loves me so he hurts meTo try and make me good.It doesn't work. I'm just too badAnd don't do what I should.My memory has so many different sections and, like all survivors, there are so many compartments with so many triggers. I'll remember a smell which reminds me of a man which reminds me of a place which reminds me of another man who I think was with a woman who had a certain smell — and I'm back to square one. This is the case for most survivors, I believe. When we try to put together our pasts, the triggers are many and varied, the memories are disjointed — and why wouldn't they be? We were children. Even someone with an idyllic childhood who is only trying to remember the lovely things which happened to them will scratch their head and wonder who gave them that doll and was it for Christmas or their third birthday? Did they have a party when they were four or five? When did they go on a plane for the first time? You see, even happy memories are hard to piece together — so imagine how hard it is to collate all of the trauma, to pull together all of the things I've been trying to push away for so many years.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Bruno withdrew from the field of history more resolutely than Vigo; that is why I prefer the former’s retrospect but the latter’s prospect. As an anarch, I am determined to go along with nothing, ultimately take nothing seriously – at least not nihilistically, but rather as a border guard in no man’s land, who sharpens his eyes and ears between the tides.
Brett Tate|Her lips full and inviting, she has an infectious laugh and glassy cackle in her eyes, and a 2000 volt sexual charisma that beckons me like a fluff girl on scuffed knees.
Elizabeth Stone|The kind of poem I produced in those days was hardly anything more than a sign I made of being alive, of passing or having passed, or hoping to pass, through certain intense human emotions. It was a phenomenon of orientation rather than of art, thus comparable to stripes of paint on a roadside rock or to a pillared heap of stones marking a mountain trail.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|If he can't get to the clock, any idea how we deal with this lot?""With great care," Donegan suggested."How about we run off shout and they follow?" Said Gracious. "Then, just when they think they've caught us they fall into our trap.""OK," said Tanith. "And that trap would be?""A big hole we'd dug earlier and covered with branches.'Tanith frowned. "I thought you were meant to be smart."Gracious frowned back at her. "Who told you that?""Gracious is book smart," said Donegan. "He leaves the real world thinking to people like you and me and small dogs that he meets.""The innocent are often the wisest.
Luther Burbank|I am an infidel today. I do not believe what has been served to me to believe. I am a doubter, a questioner, a skeptic. When it can be proved to me that there is immortality, that there is resurrection beyond the gates of death, then will I believe. Until then, no.
Gina Rodriguez|When I was younger I would go to the airport with my friends and drive out 2 A.M., 3 A.M. in the morning and just hang out until sunrise watching planes fly in and fly out. Just sit there and dream about how, one day, that's going to be us in those flights. We're gonna be one of those people with places to go.
Maureen Johnson, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|I felt so alone on that train... a weird, unnatural kind of alone that bore into me. It was feeling just beyond fear and somewhere to the left of sadness.
E. O. Wilson|Our religion is itself profoundly sad - a religion of universal anguish, and one which, because of its very catholicity, grants full liberty to the individual and asks no better than to be celebrated in each man's own language - so long as he knows anguish and is a painter.
John O'Donohue, To Bless the Space Between Us: A Book of Blessings|For Someone Awakening To The Trauma of His or Her Past:For everything under the sun there is a time.This is the season of your awkward harvesting,When the pain takes you where you would rather not go,Through the white curtain of yesterdays to a placeYou had forgotten you knew from the inside out;And a time when that bitter tree was plantedThat has grown always invisibly beside youAnd whose branches your awakened handsNow long to disentangle from your heart.You are coming to see how your looking often darkenedWhen you should have felt safe enough to fall toward love,How deep down your eyes were always owned by somethingThat faced them through a dark fester of thornsConverting whoever came into a further figure of the wrong;You could only see what touched you as already torn.Now the act of seeing begins your work of mourning.And your memory is ready to show you everything,Having waited all these years for you to return and know.Only you know where the casket of pain is interred. You will have to scrape through all the layers of coveringAnd according to your readiness, everything will open. May you be blessed with a wise and compassionate guideWho can accompany you through the fear and griefUntil your heart has wept its way to your true self.As your tears fall over that wounded place,May they wash away your hurt and free your heart.May your forgiveness still the hunger of the woundSo that for the first time you can walk away from that place, Reunited with your banished heart, now healed and freed,And feel the clear, free air bless your new face.
William  Boyd, A Good Man in Africa|With the right tools, you can write anything ...
Cassandra Clare, The Iron Trial|Don’t worry, hero. If the vamp shows up, I’m here to protect you.”“Great, I can hide behind your massive ego.
Dean Smith|My education was dominated by modernist thinkers and artists who taught me that the supreme imperative was courage to face the awful truth, to scorn the soft-minded optimism of religious and secular romantics as well as the corrupt optimism of governments, advertisers, and mechanistic or manipulative revolutionaries.
Marcus L. Lukusa|It is not important how they treat the most privileged (or most famous people) [in a country], but how they treat the less privileged ones.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|On every journey, we encountered beautiful souls.
Robert Fulghum|But if you want to continue to be slaves of the banks and pay the cost of your own slavery, then let bankers continue to create money and control credit.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Hey.” Shane’s hip nudged her chair, and he bent over, putting his mouth very close to her ear.“What are you doing?”“Thinking.”“Stop.”“Stop thinking?”“You’re doing way too much of it. It’ll make you go blind.”She laughed and turned her face toward his. “I think you’re thinking of something else.
James Buchan|Technology will definitely solve all our problems, but in the process it will create brand new ones. But that's O.K. because the most you can expect from life is to get to solve better and better problems.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can never experience peace until you tell the devil that you are a child of God. CNN or BBC won't do that for you. My bible says if I should say to this mountain, let thou be removed. It didn't say if I should fall, cry or fail but if I should say.......
Josh Stern, And That’s Why I’m Single|If a picture paints a thousand words, then a naked picture paints a thousand words without any vowels....
Tom Verducci, The Yankee Years|The disillusionment with our own abilities is, perhaps, one of the most important things that can ever happen to us.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|She is nine, beloved, as open-faced as the sky and as self-contained. I have watched her grow. As recently as three or four years ago, she had a young child's perfectly shallow receptiveness; she fitted into the world of time, it fitted into her, as thoughtlessly as sky fits its edges, or a river its banks. But as she has grown, her smile has widened with a touch of fear and her glance has taken on depth. Now she is aware of some of the losses you incur by being here--the extortionary rent you have to pay as long as you stay.
Anne Lamott|Tom has been having a difficult patch, and we meet at the church of IKEA as often as possible, because it is equidistant from our houses and always cheers us up. Yesterday I asked, 'In your depression, and with so many people having such a hard time, where is Advent?' He tried to wiggle out of it by saying, 'You Protestants and your little questions!' Then, when pushed, he said: 'Faith is a decision. Do we believe we are ultimately doomed and fucked and there's no way out? Or that God and goodness make a difference? There is heaven, community, and hope - and hope that there is life beyond the grave.' 'But Tom, at the same time, the grave is very real, dark and cold and lonely.' 'Advent is not for the naive. Because in spite of the dark and cold, we see light - you look up, or you make light, with candles, or with strands of lightbulbs on trees. And you give light. Beauty helps, in art and nature and faces. Friends help. Solidarity helps. If you ask me, when people return phone calls, it's about as good as it gets. And who knows beyond that.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Pursuit|If some mystical occurrences happen to us, don’t we “normally” and fearfully prefer to call them strange coincidences? Or try to persuade ourselves it was only an indication of our overactive imagination? Aren’t we “normally” closing our eyes and ears, refusing to face the truth?
Sakshi Chetana, Laughing Buddha:The Alchemy of Euphoric Living|Life is a miracle. We, all of us are creator beings. We are the joyful choice makers.
Wallace Stegner, Crossing to Safety|[Friendship] is a relationship that has no formal shape, there are no rules or obligations or bonds as in marriage or the family, it is held together by neither law nor property nor blood, there is no glue in it but mutual liking. It is therefore rare.
Donald Allen Kirch, Through A Glass Darkly|There's a queer streak in human natures. Men come back to places for secret reasons, for feelings they cannot resist.'More than men come back,” I said.
Robin Bielman, His Million Dollar Risk|He smiles. It’s a blinding, white-toothed smile. A push-me-over-the-edge-of-the-love-cliff smile. And before I can say a word in protest, he’s got my hand and is dragging me through the carnival.Note to self: Do not stare directly at his smile. It holds special powers.Also: Do not kiss him. His mouth is definitely the source of his power.
Shahla Khan, Friends With Benefits: Rethinking Friendship, Dating & Violence|Maslow did not make two different pyramids, one for men and one for women. He did not differentiate in identifying what men want and what women want.
Sneha Abraham|In music, push yourself but not too hard; if you play too many sharps you may cut your fingers.
Stephen Levine, A Year to Live: How to Live This Year as If It Were Your Last|Clearly, all fear has an element of resistance and a leaning away from the moment. Its dynamic is not unlike that of strong desire except that fear leans backward into the last safe moment while desire leans forward toward the next possibility of satisfaction. Each lacks presence. (29)
Jason Mraz|Transformation is my favorite game and in my experience, anger and frustration are the result of you not being authentic somewhere in your life or with someone in your life. Being fake about anything creates a block inside of you. Life can’t work for you if you don’t show up as you.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|Words, then, are born of worlds. But they also take us places we can’t go: Constantinople and Mars, Valhalla, the Planet of the Apes. Language comes from what we’ve seen, touched, loved, lost. And it uses knowable things to give us glimpses of what’s not. The Word, after all, is God.
Deepika Kumaaraguru, Ethereal: The Dawn of the Blue|I really am a unicorn?' I asked again.'You think Janis and I escaped from an asylum, don't you?' she teased.'I hope you're not,' I said, horrified at the thought of being turned into a lunatic like them.
Aesop|An Ass put on a Lion's skin and wentAbout the foreset with much merriment,Scaring the foolish beasts by brooks and rocks,Till at last he tried to scare the Fox. But Reynard, hearing from beneath the mane That Raucous voice so petulant and vain,Remarked. O' Ass, I too would run away,But that I know your old familiar bray'.That's just the way with asses, just the way.
Raymond Chandler, The Long Goodbye|You like it in jail?''It's not too bad. You don't meet the best people, but who the hell wants to?
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|Do not go gentle into that good night, rage, rage against the dying of the light.
Bhupesh B. Patil|The glory that is given to God by the works of his creation is what we call an “external glory.” It is something outside of God. It doesn’t actually add anything to God. It is very much like an artist who has a great talent for painting and a mind full of beautiful images. If the artist puts some of those images on canvas for people to look at and admire, it still hasn’t added anything to the artist himself. It hasn’t made him any better or more wonderful than he was before (p. 5).
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Tell me something that only I will ever know, was perhaps what she wanted to ask him, or, What will you remember me by? - or even, Nothing of the least importance has ever belonged to me; can you help?
Rachel Vincent, If I Die|I know we promised Haymitch, we'd do exactly what they said, but I don't think he considered this angle.' 'Where is Haymitch, anyway? Isn't he supposed to protect us from this sort of thing?' says Peeta. 'With all that alcohol in him, it's probably not advisable to have him around an open flame,' I say.
Virginia Woolf, The Common Reader|If any man wish to write in a clear style, let him be first clear in his thoughts.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A relationship that is truly genuine does not keep changing its colors. Real gold never rusts. If a relationship is really solid and golden, it will be unbreakable. Not even Time can destroy its shine.
Ben Shapiro|When death comes it is never our tenderness that we repent from, but our severity.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|Indira was surrounded by people who had given up hope, who blamed their own misery on the influence of Christianity and western cultures, and yet, literally in the midst of squalor, her family had created a place of real beauty. It really makes you stop and think. Uncle Google should be spitting out eight hundred million things American schools have done right. The fact things are so screwed up makes no sense. If you believe Uncle Google, then we’ve done the exact opposite from Indira’s family—in the land of hope and plenty we’ve created a place that’s ugly. We have so much. Can things really be so bad? Maybe we can’t fix our schools because as individuals we’ve never truly been broken. Or maybe Chinese lanterns make everyone wax philosophical.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|We must realize that the world cannot see and hear the truth neither are they therein sanctified, the world is on its own.
Nicholson Baker|What does "poet laureate" mean? Nothing. It means a person with laurel branches twined around his head. Which is not something people do much now.
Hunter S. Thompson|Strong communities are built around local, real food. Food we trust to nourish our bodies, the farmer and planet.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he will not react to the negative things surrounding him
Matt      Chandler|But Jesus’s message was designed to be a direct challenge to the wealthy and the powerful, be they the occupiers in Rome, the collaborators in the Temple, or the new moneyed class in the Greek cities of Galilee. The message was simple: the Lord God had seen the suffering of the poor and dispossessed; he had heard their cries of anguish. And he was finally going to do something about it
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Silence is the invisibility of talking. I'd take half an argument over half a silence any day. And I'd take peace and quiet over a full-blown argument any other day, unless it's Tuesday.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Clio, the muse of history, is as thoroughly infected with lies as a street whore with syphilis.
Albert Einstein|Perhaps there is nothing greater on earth than the sacrifice of youth and beauty, often of high birth, made by the gentle sex in order to work in hospitals for the relief of human misery, the sight of which is so revolting to our delicacy. Peoples separated from the Roman religion have imitated but imperfectly so generous a charity.
Rod Espinosa, Alice in Wonderland|Then the cow asked:"What is a mirror?""It is a hole in the wall," said the cat. "You look in it, and there you see the picture, and it is so dainty and charming and ethereal and inspiring in its unimaginable beauty that your head turns round and round, and you almost swoon with ecstasy.
Debasish Mridha|When your mind is overflowing with peace, you will find peace all around you.
Sushil Singh|The glory of the New Covenant Temple is the glory of Christ Himself – a spiritual glory that is only obscured by outward, external, typical, ceremonial, and fleshly elements.
Walter Russell Mead|After World War II great strides were made in modern Japanese architecture, not only in advanced technology, allowing earthquake resistant tall buildings, but expressing and infusing characteristics of traditional Japanese architecture in modern buildings.
Mark Gungor, Laugh Your Way to a Better Marriage: Unlocking the Secrets to Life, Love and Marriage|You want him praising the Lord in the morning, you put a smile on his face tonight.
Timur Vermes, Er ist wieder da|Everyone has to start somewhere. If you let people bring you down now, you’ll never know how high you could climb. And you owe it to yourself to try.
David Mixner|Most people go to the office and sit at a desk. When firefighters go to the office, we might birth a baby in the morning, save a drowning surfer in the afternoon, and run into a fire at night. What could be more interesting than that?
Kevin Williamson|When works of art are presented like rare butterflies on the walls, they're decontextualized. We admire their beauty, and I have nothing against that, per se. But there is more to art than that.
Christian Tetzlaff|This was the book I read over and over. I really felt so in tune with them- I knew all the dates of their lives, what they had been doing, whre they had been. They were always my heroes, creating something fantastic against all odds, and against their real life.
Eddie Rickenbacker|The most famous Obama precept is, 'No drama.'
Nell Casey, Unholy Ghost: Writers on Depression|My life felt so cluttered and obstructed that I could hardly breathe. I inhabited a closed, concentrated world, airless and without exits.
Gift Gugu  Mona|The fact that you are alive is what matters most because no matter what your situation is, you still have a chance to change it.
Wallace Stegner, The Spectator Bird|The lessons of life amount not to wisdom, but to scar tissue and callus.
Debasish Mridha|I would like to invite everyone for the Third World War, but fight the war with love, not with the gun, to win the world peace. We all will be a winner.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Além do Bem e do Mal|For us, the falsity of a judgment is still no objection to that judgment — that’s where our new way of speaking sounds perhaps most strange. The question is the extent to which it makes demands on life, sustains life, maintains the species, perhaps even creates species. And as a matter of principle we are ready to assert that the falsest judgments (to which a priori synthetic judgments belong) are the most indispensable to us, that without our allowing logical fictions to count, without a way of measuring reality against the purely invented world of the unconditional and self-identical, without a constant falsification of the world through numbers, human beings could not live — that if we managed to give up false judgments, it would amount to a renunciation of life, a denial of life. To concede the fictional nature of the conditions of life means, of course, taking a dangerous stand against the customary feelings about value. A philosophy which dares to do that is for this reason alone already standing beyond good and evil.
Murray N. Rothbard|It would be an instructive exercise for the skeptical reader to try to frame a definition of taxation which does not also include theft. Like the robber, the State demands money at the equivalent of gunpoint; if the taxpayer refuses to pay, his assets are seized by force, and if he should resist such depredation, he will be arrested or shot if he should continue to resist.
Kieran Scott, She's So Dead to Us|Jealousy is a disease, it's like a poison.
Rupert Murdoch|If the head man in a company is not working 12 hours a day, doing things, taking risks, but also standing with his people in the trenches at the most difficult of times, then the company loses something.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|But you don't always get what you want;,you get what you get
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change; at such a moment, there is no point in pretending that nothing has happened or in saying that we are not yet ready. The challenge will not wait. Life does not look back. A week is more than enough time for us to decide whether or not to accept our destiny.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|The sound of his sleep, the snores and sighs and small noices, is company.
Ziggy Marley, The Best of Ziggy Marley and the Melody Makers|Free spirits have to soar." "True Religion
C. JoyBell C.|I think that one of the worst things you can do to a person, is cast them in a negative light and paint them in negative hues, by using the malicious thoughts that are in your mind. We all have some kind of tape recorder in the back of our minds, a film strip, and there are lots of negative thoughts embedded onto that filstrip, and our minds act like projectors; projecting all of those images onto the new canvas that stands in front of us! It is a dark and harmful art that one engages in, when one paints the new canvas in old colours! We have to let it go, we just have to let it go. A person isn't all the other things that have happened to you; a person is a beautiful canvas with a painting that's already there and you need to sit still and see clearly and look at that painting. Then you need to be very careful what colours you dip your paintbrush into before making any new marks on what stands in front of you. Don't make the mistake of harming others and yourself, by painting them in colours that are not their own.
Candace Kita|When you're in your 20s, you're a little more carefree; you're single. You have a very different way of looking at the world and experiencing the world. But later in your 30s, when you have children, a career, career obstacles, mortgages, car payments and relationships, you have to negotiate; that's a very different life.
Stephen King, It|I think that, even if we forget each other, we'll remember in our dreams.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|It’s late and most of the clerks are at home in their beds, dreaming of swimming in pools filled with real money.
T DogMan|You can think about killing yourself a thousand times a day and each time it gets just a little bit more real. But the day you wake up and know beyond the shadow of a doubt you are going to go through with the it, that is the worst and best day of your life. When you accept it you will find it amazing that everything you were thinking about suicide before was wrong. Suddenly you realize suicide is easy and desirable and that brings relief. No one wants to die. The act of dying is horrific but the reward is being dead and that sounds glorious to me.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|You are sweet to be so concerned over my love life, but I’ve decided only to date guys who have bigger swords than me.
Tan Twan Eng, The Garden of Evening Mists|Memory is like patches of sunlight in an overcast valley, shifting with the movement of the clouds. Now and then the light will fall on a particular point in time, illuminating it for a moment before the wind seals up the gap, and the world is in shadows again.
Wil Zeus, Sun Beyond the Clouds|Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|All our life we had been dreaming to get through every little hole into this beautiful and unfamiliar world where parents and children love each other not for something but in spite of everything, to plunge into this fairy world entirely, settle down and live there. So why didn’t I feel happy when it happened for real?
Anonymous|There are two reasons why we don't trust people, First, we don't know them. Second, we know them.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|In the irresistible logic of guilt, one evil leads to another, one sin is developed out of another. There is nothing abrupt, nothing casual in the process. The road to sin is smooth, because an army of transgressions has passed over it. When such a development takes place, the community is filled with consternation. Men meet each other and say, "Have you heard what has happened? Mr. A. has turned out a defaulter. Mr. B. has been robbing his bank. How could he have done it?" Alas! he did it long ago, when he took the first step, when he diverged a very little way from the path of right. After that, every other step was easy, natural, and logical.
Michelle Bachelet|It is one thing to oppose a bill and say, 'Well, I'm smarter than the other side and have more wisdom than they do,' but it is another thing to oppose a law because it violates the very principles upon which this country was founded.
Sai Marie Johnson|Consider yourself taken, sweetheart.
Sarah Waters, The Little Stranger|And perhaps there is a limit to the grieving that the human heart can do. As when one adds salt to a tumbler of water, there comes a point where simply no more will be absorbed.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries in Marriage|For love to work, each spouse has to realize his or her freedom. And boundaries help define the freedom we have and the freedom we do not have. Marriage is not slavery. It is based on a love relationship deeply rooted in freedom. Each partner is free from the other and therefore free to love the other. Where there is control, or perception of control, there is not love. Love only exists where there is freedom.
Warren Cuccurullo|I was member of the Diet as long as it existed, until May 1933.
Andrew  Boyd, Daily Afflictions: The Agony of Being Connected to Everything in the Universe|We’re all seeking that special person who is right for us. But if you’ve been through enough relationships, you begin to suspect there’s no right person, just different flavors of wrong. Why is this? Because you yourself are wrong in some way, and you seek out partners who are wrong in some complementary way. But it takes a lot of living to grow fully into your own wrongness. And it isn’t until you finally run up against your deepest demons, your unsolvable problems—the ones that make you truly who you are—that we’re ready to find a lifelong mate. Only then do you finally know what you’re looking for. You’re looking for the wrong person. But not just any wrong person: it's got to be the right wrong person—someone you lovingly gaze upon and think, “This is the problem I want to have.”I will find that special person who is wrong for me in just the right way.
Paige Aufhammer|For this, for you, my heart will burnIt whispers to me, what I speak now in turn:If the sun should hide, let it hide;If darkness drain the light, on moonbeams we ride.It matters not,For I am by your side.If the sky should fall, let it fall;If Death open his wings, ignore his dark call;Let the stars fade, let worlds collide;Let the seas boil, let chaos hold back the tide.It matters not,For you are by my side.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|For a game, you don’t need a teacher.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|May i have pain,but I don't have regret,that for whom I left all that person my beloved betrayed me.more I have regret for that child who's mother don't love and don't care and worry about his life.and betrayed him by broke his swears
Ron Chernow, Washington: A Life|I can bear to hear of imputed or real errors. The man who wishes to stand well in the opinion of others must do this, because he is thereby enabled to correct his faults or remove the prejudices which are imbibed against him.
S. Bear Bergman, Blood, Marriage, Wine, & Glitter|I live in a constellation of intimates, and the shape of us is a family. We touch base and check in, with each other and also—I am so gratified to report—they sometimes check in with one another. Correspondences have sprung up and friendships have started to form beyond my influence. Family has begun to take on a transitive property as well.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|That's the pathetic thing about high school. Everyone tries so hard to be something they aren't. It's gotten so I don't know who I am, so how can I even try to be who I am, much less who I'm not? My problem is that I don't even fit in with the misfits. I don't fit anywhere.
António R. Damásio, The Feeling of What Happens: Body and Emotion in the Making of Consciousness|We use our minds not to discover facts but to hide them. One of things the screen hides most effectively is the body, our own body, by which I mean, the ins and outs of it, its interiors. Like a veil thrown over the skin to secure its modesty, the screen partially removes from the mind the inner states of the body, those that constitute the flow of life as it wanders in the journey of each day. (p.28)
Christina Carson, Dying to Know|Attitude is a state of mind that results in an action taken or anemotion displayed. Attitude, in the end, is a motivator or that whichgenerates or reflects motives.
Dan Meredith, How To Be F*cking Awesome|The bravest person in the Universe is not one with a Tyson fury's strength, but one that can invent a business idea during times of intense economy crises.
Adam Lambert|At the time of my second marriage, my husband was in his early 50s, I was in my mid-40s, and we each had two kids. We maintained our individual accounts and opened one for the house. We each kick the same percentage of our incomes into the house account and have a joint credit card. But we pay for our children separately.
Sahndra Fon Dufe|In your spare time, google the ingredients in all the foods you are eating. If you care about yourself, you may change your menu
Ban Ki-moon|I am not very proud of being an human being; in fact, I distinctly dislike the species in many ways. I can readily conceive of beings vastly superior in every respect.
Mike Van Hoozer|Learn from the past, prepare for the future, and perform in the moment." (Moments: Making Your Life Count For What Matters Most, Mike Van Hoozer)
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|Faith goes hand in hand with the belief in a supreme purpose that includes everybody, a purpose that is for mankind’s ultimate peace, harmony and happiness.
Karen Karbo, Julia Child Rules: Lessons on Savoring Life|Grow old along with me--the best is yet to be,
Christina Westover|As I write, My fingers tap tap the keys the way Ravi Shankar's fingers pluck and strum the strings of his sitar.
D. B. Weiss|You are a victim of your own neural architecture which doesn't permit you to imagine anything outside of three dimensions. Even two dimensions. People know they can't visualise four or five dimensions, but they think they can close their eyes and see two dimensions. But they can't.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|For those who have dwelt in depression's dark wood, and known its inexplicable agony, their return from the abyss is not unlike the ascent of the poet, trudging upward and upward out of hell's black depths and at last emerging into what he saw as "the shining world." There, whoever has been restored to health has almost always been restored to the capacity for serenity and joy, and this may be indemnity enough for having endured the despair beyond de
Frank Crane|The ArmfulFor every parcel I stoop down to seizeI lose some other off my arms and knees,And the whole pile is slipping, bottles, buns,Extremes too hard to comprehend at. onceYet nothing I should care to leave behind.With all I have to hold with hand and mindAnd heart, if need be, I will do my best.To keep their building balanced at my breast.I crouch down to prevent them as they fall;Then sit down in the middle of them all.I had to drop the armful in the roadAnd try to stack them in a better load.
Franco Santoro|This need to be right has put a huge burden on me, one that I never deserved to have to carry. Part of it, I know, is cultural--in this age of information at a moment's notice, we've come to expect people to have answers--the right answers--at the drop of a hat. I feel very fortunate that over the last decade or so I've been able to leave the need to be right behind me and move on with my life with a more healthy perspective. I'm now willing not just to admit that I'm wrong, but also to stick my neck out with ideas or thoughts that may be wrong. The possibility of being wrong no longer threatens my emotional well-being; if I'm wrong, I'm wrong, and I learn from that.
Cary McNeal, Are You Sh*tting Me?: 1,004 Facts That Will Scare the Crap Out of You|In the Middle Ages, bloodletting was often performed by barbers, which is why the traditional barber’s pole—like the bloody towels that once hung outside barber shops—is colored red and white.
Kate DiCamillo, The Magician's Elephant|Gloria put a bowl of stew in Peter's hands. "Eat," she said.Peter raised the spoon to his lips. He chewed. He swallowed.It had been a long time since he had eaten anything besides tiny fish and old bread.And so when Peter had his first bite of stew, it overwhelmed him. The warmth of it, the richness of it, knocked him backward; it was as if a gentle hand had pushed him when he was not expecting it. Everything he had lost came flooding back: the garden, his father, his mother, his sister, the promises that he had made and could not keep."What's this?" said Gloria Matienne. "The boy is crying.""Shhh," said Leo. He put his hand on Peter's shoulder. "Shhh. Don't worry, Peter. Everything will be good. All will be well. We will do together whatever it is that needs to be done. But for now, you must eat."Peter nodded. He raised his spoon. Again he chewed and swallowed, and again he was overcome. He could not help it. He could not stop the tears; they flowed down his cheeks and into the bowl. "It is a very good stew, Madam Matienne. he managed to say. "Truly, it is an excellent stew.
Vivek Thangaswamy|Due to some dim but irresistible notion of the way things are, it is simply not possible, out of order, not apprpriate to the situation at hand, if, within the circle of those who are experienced and advanced in years, the young person declaims ethical generalities. Young people will again and again find themselves in a situation that is so irritating, astounding, and incomprehensible to them that their word falls on deaf ears, while the word of an older person is heard and has weight even though its content is no different at all. It will be a sign of maturity or immaturity whether this experience leads them to understand that what is at stake here is not the stubborn self-satisfaction of old age, or the anxious effort to keep youth in their place, but the pereservation or violation of an essential ethical law. Ethical discourse needs authorization, which youth are simply not able to bestow upon themselves, even if they speak out of the purest pathos of their ethical conviction. Ethical discourse does not merely depend on the correct content of what is said, but also on the speaker being authorized to say it. Its validity depends not only on what is said, but also on who says it.
|Be careful of the friends you frequently expose your mind to, because they could succeed in realigning the direction of your life.
Gabriel García Márquez|and realized that death was not only a permanent probability, as he had always believed, but an immediate reality.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Oh invade me with your scalding mouth,search me if you like, with your nocturnal eyes,but allow me to sail and sleep upon your name.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Music has touched me deeply, sometimes to tears. But at the same time it's been life-affirming, because I've been grateful for the fact that I'm alive and human and capable of being so moved.
Kat Unda|Umbrellas raining upon me, as these cloudy tears give me shelter.
Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader|The only advice, indeed, that one person can give another about reading is to take no advice, to follow your own instincts, to use your own reason, to come to your own conclusions. If this is agreed between us, then I feel at liberty to put forward a few ideas and suggestions because you will not allow them to fetter that independence which is the most important quality that a reader can possess. After all, what laws can be laid down about books? The battle of Waterloo was certainly fought on a certain day; but is Hamlet a better play than Lear? Nobody can say. Each must decide that question for himself. To admit authorities, however heavily furred and gowned, into our libraries and let them tell us how to read, what to read, what value to place upon what we read, is to destroy the spirit of freedom which is the breath of those sanctuaries. Everywhere else we may be bound by laws and conventions-there we have none.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|You've been brought up like a gentleman and a Christian, and I should be false to the trust laid upon me by your dead father and mother if I allowed you to expose yourself to such temptation.'Well, I know I'm not a Christian and I'm beginning to doubt whether I'm a gentleman,' said Philip.
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|The beauty of problem-solving is that, unlike punishment, it offers endless possibilities. If you're committed to punishment and your child continues to misbehave, all you can do is punish more severely. You might hit him harder or take away more privileges, but chances are you won't get any closer to your goal of having a cooperative child. And you'll create a lot of ill will in the process. With problem-solving, you can always go back and brainstorm some more. When you put your heads together, you're bound to come up with something that will work for both of you.
Maral Boyadjian|Antonio’s will was cursed. Not once, but twice.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Always dig through the thoughts underneath the words, and be authentic of being who you are.
Margaret Heffernan|Nowadays shots are created in post-production, on computers. It's not really photography.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|He did not alarm her, for she thought she had seen him before in the faces of many women who have no children. Perhaps he is to be found in the faces of some mothers also.
Robert Winston|I had people in my life who didn't give up on me: my mother, my aunt, my science teacher. I had one-on-one speech therapy. I had a nanny who spent all day playing turn-taking games with me.
Chip Heath, Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die|Once we know something, we find it hard to imagine what it was like not to know it.
Russell Kyle|Be an example, be positive, be enthusiastic, be proactive--that is proactive leadership.
H. P. Lovecraft|I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live as if there isn't and to die to find out that there is.
B.M. Bower, The Range Dwellers|When you think of it, people may rub elbows and still have an ocean or two between them.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Whenever a government feels the need of promising peace and prosperity to its citizens by means of a proclamation, it is time to be on guard and expect the opposite.
Stefan Molyneux|When people have invested their identities into clichés, the only counter argument they have is 'being offended'.
Steve C. Roberts, One Minute Thoughts: A Daily Devotional|When you step out in faith, God's mighty power steps into your life!
Lorraine Hansberry|I don't like the clean-shaven boy with the necktie and the good job. I like desperate men, men with broken teeth and broken minds and broken ways. They interest me. They are full of surprises and explosions.
Jakob Bohme|Acting requires a lot of discipline to go with the obsession. It's a path of knowledge, and of self-knowledge. Sometimes you get lost on the path. And then you find yourself again.
Albert Nolan, Jesus Today: A Spirituality of Radical Freedom|Detachment, properly understood, means freedom, inner freedom. And, although it is not a word Jesus used, detachment expresses very well an important element in his spirituality: the ability to let go. In the Christian tradition this has been spoken of as “purity of heart” or as the process of becoming “poor in spirit.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|God comes down in the evenings to chat with man, enjoy man's company and find out how man faired in the course of the day.
Francine Rivers, An Echo in the Darkness|Were you there?”She shook her head. “No. I was here in Nain having achild.”“Then why do you weep as though you had part in hiscrucifixion? You had no part in it.”“I’d like nothing better than to think I would haveremained faithful. But if those closest to him—hisdisciples, his own brothers—turned away, who am I tothink I’m better than they and would have donedifferently? No, Marcus. We all wanted what wewanted, and when the Lord fulfilled his purpose ratherthan ours, we struck out against him. Like you. In anger.Like you. In disappointment. Yet, it is God’s will thatprevails.”He looked away. “I don’t understand any of this.”“I know you don’t. I see it in your face, Marcus. Youdon’t want to see. You’ve hardened your heart againsthim.” She started to walk again.“As should all who value their lives,” he said, thinking ofHadassah’s death.“It is God who has driven you here.”He gave a derisive laugh. “I came here of my ownaccord and for my own purposes.”“Did you?” Marcus’ face became stony.Deborah pressed on. “We were all created incompleteand will find no rest until we satisfy the deepest hungerand thirst within us. You’ve tried to satisfy it in your ownway. I see that in your eyes, too, as I’ve seen it in somany others. And yet, though you deny it with your lastbreath, your soul yearns for God, Marcus LucianusValerian.”Her words angered him. “Gods aside, Rome showsthe world that life is what man makes of it.”“If that’s so, what are you making of yours?”“I own a fleet of ships, as well as emporiums andhouses. I have wealth.” Yet, even as he told her, heknew it all meant nothing. His father had come to thatrealization just before he died. Vanity. It was all vanity.Meaningless. Empty.Old Deborah paused on the pathway. “Rome points theway to wealth and pleasure, power and knowledge. ButRome remains hungry. Just as you are hungry now.Search all you will for retribution or meaning to your life,but until you find God, you live in vain.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Finding Gideon|Both ignorance and the old metaphysics tend to produce these undesirable nervous effects of reversed order and so non-survival evaluation. If we use the nervous ystem in a way which is against its survival structure, we must expect non-survival. Human history is short, but already we have astonishing records of extinction.
Gijs de Vries|The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear.
Rufus Wainwright|In remembering the appalling suffering of war on both sides, we recognise how precious is the peace we have built in Europe since 1945.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Christmas is the spirit of love, joy and peace.
C.I. Dennis, Tanzi's Heat|If I was in deep shit with Lilian before, I was snorkeling at the waste treatment plant now.
Neil Gaiman|The best thing about writing fiction is that moment where the story catches fire and comes to life on the page, and suddenly it all makes sense and you know what it’s about and why you’re doing it and what these people are saying and doing, and you get to feel like both the creator and the audience. Everything is suddenly both obvious and surprising… and it’s magic and wonderful and strange.
Gene Roddenberry|For most people, religion is nothing more than a substitute for a malfunctioning brain. If people need religion, ignore them and maybe they will ignore you, and you can go on with your life. It wasn't until I was beginning to do Star Trek that the subject of religion arose. What brought it up was that people were saying that I would have a chaplain on board the Enterprise. I replied, "No, we don't.
Émile Zola, Nana|The more it (vaccination) is supported by public authorities, the more will its dangers and disadvantages be concealed or denied.
Graham Greene|Eternity is said not to be an extension of time but an absence of time, and sometimes it seemed to me that her abandonment touched that strange mathematical point of endlessness, a point with no width, occupying no space.
Malcolm X|Create your own miracles, don't just wait for miracles to happen. Infinite possibilities exist by keeping focus on what you really want.
Ryan North, Adventure Time Vol. 3|Knowledge alone is not enough, but with hard work it's worth progression.
Steve Maraboli|If we conform our behavior to God’s ancient moral prescription, we are entitled to the sweet benefits of life. But if we defy its imperatives, then death is the inevitable consequence. AIDS is only one avenue by which sickness and death befall those who play Russian roulette with God’s eternal moral law.
Colum McCann, Zoli|Memory has a heavy backspin, yet it’s still impossible to land exactly where we took off.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|The sword of Gryffindor was hidden they knew not where, and they were three teenagers in a tent whose only achievement was not, yet, to be dead.
Annie Oakley|Aim at a high mark and you'll hit it. No, not the first time, nor the second time. Maybe not the third. But keep on aiming and keep on shooting for only practice will make you perfect.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Love seems to open and expand us right down to the cellular level, while fear causes us to contract and withdraw into ourselves.
Chris Wraight, Leman Russ: The Great Wolf|These things were in the past now, many long years ago, though the memory remained as solid and present as his heartbeats. Time's passage had made the events seem almost crazed, hyper-real, stretched across a surreal dreamscape that felt more like a skjald's embellished saga than the intact past. Perhaps it had not happened like that. Perhaps the Lion had taken his Stormbirds to the Tyrant's fortress, and he himself had teleported in. Perhaps it had not been Ogvai there, but Gunn, or someone else. Had Bjorn been there too? It was a long time ago, so doubtful, but Bjorn seemed to always have been there, right from the start, just waiting for his time to come to maturity.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Nowadays most people die of a sort of creeping common sense, and discover when it is too late that the only things one never regrets are one's mistakes.
Taimoor Madni|Don't mistake keen, honest observations as complaints. When you receive a help, a donation or a favour, never forget to be grateful and thankful for the ones who have been there for you.Learn to respect the space of people whose hearts have been treated like a doormat but they have answered more important priorities which all contribute towards the best of the welfare of the recipients of their generous and humble commitment among their choices and decisions for whom and with whom to reach out for." ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my novel, If I Could Tell You
Matshona Dhliwayo|A warrior is defined by his scars, not his medals.
DC Gunnersen|To forgive is not for the “sole sake” of relieving another of their guilt, but rather for the “sake of the soul” that had been perpetrated upon!
Ashley Jeffery, The Wild Hunt|It is most remarkable that Lincoln, when he saw so much that was vulnerable in the leadership of the Church, did not move to the opposite error and become a scoffer.
Peadar Ó Guilín, The Deserter|Stupid men, always thinking they're the ones who get to do the rescuing.
Plato, The Trial and Death of Socrates|So I picked the book up and did my usual 123 test. I don't bother reading the blurb on the back, or the first page - the writer's obviously going to be trying their hardest there, aren't they? It's how they're getting on by page 123 that's the real test. If they're crap at writing or bored with their story then you can bet they won't be making any effort at all by that point.
Steve Ballmer|I look for what needs to be done. After all, that's how the universe designs itself.
Sara Sheridan|I think of myself as a little kid, and I had a wild imagination, but it was something that was encouraged and supported, which helped steer me into the arts.
Ogwo David Emenike|I believe that our sole responsibility is to reach out, uplift one another and lighten one another's burdens. If we are not doing this, then we are yet to start living. What a man owes his fellow is a transforming encounter.
Valerie Rickel|Life is a never-ending process of growth and learning. We can welcome this growth, or choose to reject it. But, the healthy thing to do is welcome it with open arms, no matter how painful or hurtful the lesson may be. Because, if it is in your life, you can be fairly certain that it is there for a reason.We often hear that some of the most significant life change comes about as a result of great pain and suffering. It is comforting to know that on the other side of darkness and despair exists hope, excitement and anticipation for the future and its possibilities.
George MacDonald Fraser, Flashman|We stood there for a full half hour, like so many scarecrows, while they jeered at us from a distance, and one or two of us were shot down.
William Clay Ford, Jr.|In business, you have to be strong. If you are weak, people are going to take advantage.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|But as his wife - at his side always, and always restrained, and always checked - forced to keep the fire of my nature continually low, to compel it to burn inwardly and never utter a cry, though the imprisoned flame consumed vital after vital - this would be unendurable.
T.A. Uner|Just like a constant diet of fast food makes us flabby, so too a constant intake of social media to the neglect of books and thoughtful meditation will make our brains flabby. So if you find it difficult to read more than five pages at a time, or you find yourself falling asleep as soon as you crack open a book, that is a sign that you should be putting in the work that it takes to be an active reader.
Naomi Wolf|In drawing attention to the physical characteristics of women leaders, they can be dismissed as either too pretty or too ugly. The net effect is to prevent women's identification with the issues. If the public women is stigmatized as too 'pretty,' she's a threat, a rival--or simply not serious; if derided as too 'ugly,' one risks tarring oneself with the same brush by identifying oneself with her agenda.
Walter Kirn|I still gamble, but it's all legal. I own horses, and I go to watch my horse. I don't go daily.
Elliott Abrams|The murder of Lumumba, in which the U.S. was involved, in the Congo destroyed Africa's major hope for development. Congo is now total horror story, for years.
Suzanne Palmieri, The Witch of Belladonna Bay|People will follow your example, not your advice.
Nancy Goldstone, Four Queens: The Provençal Sisters Who Ruled Europe|Frederick's wit was impressive. When a descendant of Ghengis Khan, who was wreaking havoc in the Muslim world, wrote threateningly that the holy Roman Emperor should surrender his lands and come to his court to become one of his vassals, Frederick replied that he'd think about it and to please hold open the position of falconer.
Zubin Mehta|I think once you're in the public eye, whether you're a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you're automatically in the position of role model. You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question.
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|It was like he was a caveman grunting, "You woman. Me man. Let’s make babies together.
Alfred Hitchcock|God needs to bless the works of our hands, but you still need to do some work for God to bless it
