Candace Knoebel|For the space of half a year, the gunpowder lay as harmless as sand, because no fire came near to explode it.
Steven Spielberg|As people do better, they start voting like Republicans - unless they have too much education and vote Democratic, which proves there can be too much of a good thing.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi, The Terrorist's Daughter|Now, these eager and apprehensive men of small property constitute the class which is constantly increased by the equality of conditions. Hence, in democratic communities, the majority of the people do not clearly see what they have to gain by a revolution, but they continually and in a thousand ways feel that they might lose by one.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|The Kingdom of God is a tricky concept, and I was always taught it referred to our heavenly reward for being good, which, now that I actually read the Bible for myself, makes very little sense. Others say that the Kingdom of God is another way of talking about the church, and still others say that it's the dream God has for the wholeness of the world, a dream being made true little by little among us right here, right now. My answer? All of the above.
Michael Herr, Dispatches|Every day you live is a day for dreaming.Every day is a day for adventuring.And every day is for sharing with people you love,because love's all that lasts.It's the only thing we carry out of this world.It connects us all, in the end.
Jose Andres|Some for renown, on scraps of learning dote, And think they grow immortal as they quote.
Jean M. Twenge, Generation Me: Why Today's Young Americans Are More Confident, Assertive, Entitled--and More Miserable Than Ever Before|If peace had a smell,it would be the smell of a library full of old, leather-bound books.
Josh Lieb, I am a Genius of Unspeakable Evil and I Want to Be Your Class President|First off, I call them "children", not "kids". I am a child, and I am not ashamed to be one; time will cure this unfortunate condition. "Kid" is the cutesy name adults call children, because they think "child" sounds too scientific and clinical. I refuse to call myself by their idiotic pet name. Your grandmother might call you "Snugglepants Lovebotton", but that's not how you introduce yourself to strangers. I also refuse to use terms like "teen", "tween", and etc. I find them patronizing and putrid. They are fake words, used to disguise the truth--that anyone under the age of eighteen is legally (and that's the only thing that matters) a child.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|All truthful music is familiar to the ear, for its notes were written into our souls long ago.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|There are in this world ample reasons to be sad and disheartened, discouraged and fearful. But there are as many reasons not to be.
Deyth Banger|The crime series, books and other types of works have in one in mind... and that's learning.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|By the sweet power of music: therefore the poet did feign that Orpheus drew trees, stones and floods; since nought so stockish, hard and full of rage, but music for the time doth change his nature. The man that hath no music in himself, nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils; The motions of his spirit are dull as night and his affections dark as Erebus: Let no such man be trusted. Mark the music.
Neil Gaiman|Her favorite stepping-aside technique was to lay out a dizzying mountain of complex steps and then pronounce the conclusion self-evident. Excuse me? Things that are self-evident don't need you or the presentation anyway. Relying only on logic, on what can be factually established, may inform or intimidate, but it will rarely stir anyone into action or change.
Thucydides|We Greeks believe that a man who takes no part in public affairs is not merely lazy, but good for nothing
Betsy Cornwell, Mechanica|The cracks grew over him like vines, faster and faster. At first he bucked, whinnying metallic screeches. Then he gradually stilled, looking up at me with frightened glass eyes.He was growing.New, molten glass leeched out between his fissures, cooled and hardened only to crack again and make room for more liquid glass. The gears inside him moaned and creaked, and metal filings gathered at the base of his transparent stomach, only to fly up again and form more joints and chains and gears. Black smoke poured from his nostrils.Soon he was the size of a large dog, then a man, and still he grew and grew until he towered over my bed, as big as any plow horse I’d ever seen. Glass dripped down his flanks like sweat, a few rivulets still glowing with molten heat.
Elaine Stritch|You have to laugh at yourself. I do a lot of humor about all ethnicities that are at the show - Latinos, Asians, Indians... What I say is, 'We're laughing together. I'm laughing with you, not at you.' Never say, 'Oh, I'm better than you.'
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|Why eat the same cereal every morning when you can get the milk for free" kind of ladies. I have always looked at it as "As long as I'm eating cereal and drinking milk every day, I'm satisfied
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Here is how the universe works, whether it is in business or personal relationships. The more you second guess, doubt, and try to cover everything that could go wrong “before” you enter it, the more you will discover the need to do it. However the more you approach life and each new connection with open arms and trust, the more positive and elevating souls will enter your path in which none of the doubt is needed. Even the negative moments are positive lessons.
Nenia Campbell, Locked and Loaded|I can take care of myself,” I said hotly.“Darlin, you don't even know how to pleasure yourself.
Janusz Korwin-Mikke|Thus posed, the problem of unbrotherliness can oppose socialism, which uses and abuses the word bortherhood while rejecting fatherhood. Socialism has no opponent. Religions, with their transcendental content, being "not of this world", with the Kingdom of God only within us, cannot stand up to socialism. Socialism may even seem to be an implementation of Christian ethics. Only the union of sons in the name of the fathers, as a counterweight to union for the sake of progress and comfort at the expense of the fathers, exposes the immorality of socialism. To unite for the sake of one's own comfort and pleasure is the worst way of wasting one's life - intellectually, aesthetically and morally.
Sharanya Haridas|He loved who he was: Randolph Carter, master dreamer, adventurer. To him, she had been landscape, an articulate crag he could ascend, a face to put to his place. When were women ever anything but footnotes to men's tales?
Abdul khadar|One of your friends may bored , one may tiered , one may feared , what you have to do is to make them entertained , if you can't do it , make them active , if you fail again make a small smile in front of them.
Sunday Adelaja|And I held her, this girl who had saved me and continued to save me every day.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|While you will certainly attract more bees with honey, there are times when being nice can backfire. Take it from a naturally kind person, being a “bitch” has its time and place. There will be times when you must engage with mean, rude, and inconsiderate people.
J.P.V.D. Balsdon, Life and Leisure in Ancient Rome|Work is so foundational to our makeup that it is one of the few things we can take in significant doses without harm. Indeed, the Bible does not say we should work one day and rest six or that work and rest should be balanced evenly but directs us to the opposite ratio. Leisure and pleasure are great goods, but we can take only so much of them.
Sunday Adelaja|There is no better place as better as where God has placed you, be it good or bad, for His better reasons. Just keep calm and be humble and diligent enough to learn the better and real reasons that shall take and place you at the best place He wants to place you! If you don’t understand the lessons, ask Him for the reasons. If He answers you fine, if not, just keep going and keep learning the lessons. You shall definitely get a good understanding in the end!
Coco Chanel|Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|After a year in therapy, my psychiatrist said to me, 'Maybe life isn't or everyone.
Pablo Picasso|Artists to my mind are the real architects of change, and not the political legislators who implement change after the fact. 
Bamigboye Olurotimi|We should always hope and expect to see a brand new day filled with hope, love and joy.
Maeve Binchy|She was intelligent enough to realize that her excitement was childish, but not mature enough to care.
Berkeley Breathed|We do not realise that we are children of eternity. If we did, then success would be no success, and failure would be no failure to us.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|The relation of woman to husband, of daughter to father, of sister to brother, is a relation of vassalage.
Mary (mother of Jesus), Holy Bible: King James Version|My soul doth magnify the Lord,And my spirit hath rejoiced in God my Saviour.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien|We all long for Eden, and we are constantly glimpsing it: our whole nature at its best and least corrupted, its gentlest and most human, is still soaked with the sense of exile.
Marcel Proust, Sodom and Gomorrah|...infirmity alone makes us take notice and learn, and enables us to analyse mechanisms of which otherwise we should know nothing. A man who falls straight into bed night after night, and ceases to live until the moment when he wakes and rises, will surely never dream of making, I don't say great discoveries, but even minor observations about sleep. He scarcely knows that he is asleep. A little insomnia is not without its value in making us appreciate sleep, in throwing a ray of light upon that darkness. An unfailing memory is not a very powerful incentive to the study of the phenomena of memory.
Emily Gabriela Vira|Trust is so valuable. It's sometimes hard to gain, but so easy to lose. One must always be careful about trusting another, but there are times where people are too careful or too afraid & forget how to open up to those who won't do any harm. Choose wisely who you trust, but don't worry too much. Disappointment occurs, but life goes on
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|He who walks with the Saviour, the light of the world, shall never walk in darkness.
Ackshat Deoli, Kilol-Bruges Express: The Fading Nomad|No matter what the power source is, a sinusoidal pattern will always remain the same. Similarly, our lives have a certain pattern and that's of happiness and sorrow. We feel that we are in control of things and everything is going according to plan but life is again following a pattern.
David Mackay|I grew up watching a lot of the coverage of the early U.S. space program, all the way back starting with Mercury and then through Gemini and Apollo and of course going to the moon as the main part of the Apollo program.
Graeme Wood|The Islamic State’s ideology exerts powerful sway over a certain subset of the population. Life’s hypocrisies and inconsistencies vanish in its face. Musa Cerantonio and the Salafis I met in London are unstumpable: No question I posed left them stuttering. They lectured me garrulously and, if one accepts their premises, convincingly. To call them un-Islamic appears, to me, to invite them into an argument that they would win. If they had been froth-spewing maniacs, I might be able to predict that their movement would burn out as the psychopaths detonated themselves or became drone-splats, one by one. But these men spoke with an academic precision that put me in mind of a good graduate seminar. I even enjoyed their company, and that frightened me as much as anything else.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Whether they are raised in indigenous or modern culture, there are two things that people crave: the full realization of their innate gifts, and to have these gifts approved, acknowledged, and confirmed. There are countless people in the West whose efforts are sadly wasted because they have no means of expressing their unique genius. In the psyches of such people there is an inner power and authority that fails to shine because the world around them is blind to it.
Keary Taylor, Eden|You, Stan, are covered with dirt and leaves.''''I just applied for a job as a tree,'' I said. It made so little sense, he didn't even bother responding.
Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|If you’re listening to this, congratulations! You survived Doomsday.I’d like to apologize straightaway for any inconvenience the end of the world may have caused you. The earthquakes, rebellions, riots,tornadoes, floods, tsunamis, and of course the giant snake who swallowed the sun—I’m afraid most of that was our fault. Carter and I decided we should at least explain how it happened.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The sacred souls with humility, seek knowledge from the Great Spirit.
Jean Chapman|Afterward, Sara didn't really remember falling asleep, still wearing her robe although she meant to get dressed and had had Serafina lay out a pair of jeans and a blouse for her. In any case, she had slept. And there had been dreams -- of the unsettling kind she didn't want to recall.
Dada Bhagwan|God has said for us to know bad, as bad and good, as good. But while knowing the bad, there should not be the slightest abhorrence towards it and while knowing the good, there should not be slightest attachment towards it. Without knowing bad, as bad, the good cannot be known as good.
Neal Shusterman|Because, life's too short, my friends. Let's squeeze in as many laughs as we can get.
Michelle Moran, Rebel Queen|With feet on solid ground, we walk across stumbling blocks, yet we survive! Through eyes that cloud with tears of pain or struggle, yet we survive! With hands that touch the thorns of life, yet we survive! Through faith and purpose and face as flint, YET WE SURVIVE!
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|that droplet of moisture that had slipped from me like a tear seemed almost to tell the story of my life. It fell through empty space, with no control whatsoever over its destiny; rolled along a path of silk; and somehow came to rest there on the teeth of that dragon. I thought of the petals I’d thrown into the Kamo River shallows outside Mr. Arashino’s workshop, imagining they might find their way to the Chairman. It seemed to me that, somehow, perhaps they had.
Jonathan Tropper, How to Talk to a Widower|She got on a plane to see a client in California and somewhere over Colorado, the pilot somehow missed the sky.
Samuel Martin, Thy Rod and Thy Staff They Comfort Me: Christians and the Spanking Controversy|I also saw that theologically speaking the whole idea of a smacking is not congruent with the teaching revealed in the gospel of Jesus Christ. God sent His Son into the world to save the world so they would not have to suffer for their own sins, but parents today punish their children and make them undergo the horrors of punishment for even the most minor of infractions. The idea of mercy is seemingly not applied at all. When parents' sin, they ask God to forgive them, repent and know they are forgiven. When children sin, they are judged, tried, condemned and punished.
Imogen Binnie, Nevada|The misapprehension about gender performativity is this: that gender is a choice, or that gender is a role, or that gender is a construction that one puts on, as one puts on clothes in the morning, that there is a 'one' who is prior to this gender, a one who goes to the wardrobe of gender and decides with deliberation which gender it will be today.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Every single person is a fool, insane, a failure, or a bad person to at least ten people.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|I’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell,To die upon the hand I love so well.
Adam Miller, Badiou, Marion and St Paul: Immanent Grace|Reading the scriptures through the lenses of the Law you see God as unapproachable, through the lenses of Grace you see the outstretched arms of Jesus saying "come".
Robin McKinley|When you write your first novel you don't really know what you're doing. There may be writers out there who are brilliant, incisive and in control from their first 'Once upon a time'. I'm not one of them. Every once upon a time for me is another experience of white-water rafting in a leaky inner tube. And I have this theory that while the Story Council has its faults, it does have some idea that if books are going to get written, authors have to be able to write them.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama: A Policy of Kindness: An Anthology of Writings By and About the Dalai Lama|This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.
Lori Hatcher|When I capture my thoughts and compare them to the truth of God’s Word, I often find they are false, deceptive, or destructive.
John Glenn|I didn't like England. I couldn't take the look of the place or the style of friendship. I need more intimacy from people than is considered okay there, and I felt that my personality and my enthusiasms weren't understood. I had to put a big lid on myself.
Marilyn Monroe|Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside.
William Faulkner, Go Down, Moses|Tis given out that, sleeping in my orchard,A serpent stung me; so the whole ear of DenmarkIs by a forged process of my deathRankly abused: but know, thou noble youth,The serpent that did sting thy father's lifeNow wears his crown.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|Evening had turned the sky a deep persimmon. The remaining sunlight enriched the colors of the ubiquitous flowers and foliage to even greater vibrancy, as if the saturation filter had been notched up several levels.Caleb noted all this in passing as he strode deliberately forward. He didn’t know how he was going to do this, only that he had to make the attempt.
Marquis De Lafayette|The happiness of America is intimately connected with the happiness of all mankind; she is destined to become the safe and venerable asylum of virtue, of honesty, of tolerance, and quality and of peaceful liberty.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|My mom keeps me going, man. She deserves such a good life. I just wanna give it to her. My dad, too. My family, my friends, they keep me motivated. Just knowing my personal legend, just knowing what I'm supposed to do, that keeps me going.
Oran Kangas, Productivity: Big Ideas from the Top 10 Books|Focus is saying no to 1,000 good ideas.
R.M. ArceJaeger|Must this with farce and folly rack myhead unpunish'd ? that with sing-song,Whine me dead?
Simon Sebag Montefiore, Young Stalin|Invisible violence in Pakistan, violence against brown people, ongoing violence in Iraq — that's got to be quantified in the same way as the cinematic glamorous violence that happens in recognisable cities.
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|Well, why would you create something that had the power to hurt You? Or any of Your creatures? Why don't You help us? Do You have any idea how much we hurt? How much we suffer?I know all things, daughter.Well, okay, then know this. We human beings are unhappy all the time. We hate ourselves and we hate each other and sometimes we wish You of Whoever had never created us or this shit-ass world or any other shit-ass world. Do You realize that? So next time You might think about not doing such a half-assed job.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you were called to gallop like the horse, never end up hopping like the frog. Rise up for greatness.
Alexander McQueen|I rarely go into a shop on holiday, because fashion and design are what I'm involved in every day. I need another world.
Jennifer Echols, Love Story|I believe that half the trouble in the world comes from people asking 'What have I achieved?' rather than 'What have I enjoyed?' I've been writing about a subject I love as long as I can remember--horses and the people associated with them, anyplace, anywhere, anytime. I couldn't be happier knowing that young people are reading my books. But even more important to me is that I've enjoyed so much the writing of them.
Derek Landy, Kingdom of the Wicked|I should go in alone," Valkyrie said, speaking loudly to be heard. "If we both go in, it'll look to official.""So I'll just stay out here?" Skulduggery asked. "But what'll I do? There's no one to talk to. It's boring.""You're standing on the roof of a train," Valkyrie pointed out. "If you find this boring, you really need your head examined. Just wait here. I'll do what has to be done and I'll be find out."Fine," he said, sounding grumpy. "Don't be long.
Dada Bhagwan|There is no value to anything in this world, at the same time there is no need to ‘devalue’ anything.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|You know I understand how you feel.... the loneliness that sets in....how empty your heart aches wishing you had someone near....to hold... to kiss and love. That type of passion poets write about...that person your souls yearns yet can not find....that love that all time will lie down and be still for.... but at last it feels ever more like a cruel joke and fickle fate which has no plans of happiness....we drudge on with our existence trying to make sense of it....then slowly you feel the light dim....till it blows out. You've set yourself in complete darkness, with no direction, fully immersing yourself in confusion, doubt and suffer. Feeding your starving desires with delusions; completely disabling your inner mind from seeing the ugly truth beyond the shattered reality. You look at yourself through a contaminated mirror, seeing what you want to see from a certain angle, completely ignoring the faults and imperfections hidden under the surface. I petty the day that will wash your fickle images, scattering your true colors to yourself not more... As I see through what you choose to hide.
David Malki, Wondermark, Vol. 1: Beards of Our Forefathers|There's and entire world outside these bleak pages, one full of SUNRISES and KITTY-CATS and late-night BURRITO RUNS and the horrible, creaking amble of us all towards DEATH. It is to that world that I am afraid I must release you to now.
Sapkowski, Andrzej|All humans have five things in common. They want good health, they want economic opportunities ( to work), they want to love and be loved, (family and friendships) they want hope in their life, hope that tomorrow will be better than today, and they want to be part of something greater than themselves.
Sofia Richie|The whole thing for me is that I did 'Full House' and 'America's Funniest Home Videos,' and I look like a dentist, and I'm a dad. Being known as a dirty comedian turned into this weird thing. It's people's image of me.
Harvey Mason, Jr.|On my first day on the set of 'Boston Legal,' I thought the director was calling me 'Candice' instead of 'Constance.' But I didn't realize he was actually talking to Candice Bergen.
Maxim Gorky, Untimely Thoughts: Essays on Revolution, Culture, and the Bolsheviks, 1917-1918|Politics is something similar to the lower physiological functions, with the unpleasant difference that political functions are unavoidably carried out in public.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|Between the desolate earth and the colorless sky appeared an Image of the ungrateful world in which, for the first time, he came to himself at last. On this earth, restored to the despair of innocence, a traveler lost in a primitive world, he regained contact, and with his list pressed to his chest, his face flattened against the glass, he calculated his hunger for himself and for the certainty of the splendors dormant within him. He wanted to crush himself into that mud, to reenter the earth by immersing himself in that clay, to stand on that limitless plain covered with dirt, stretching his arms to the sooty sponge of the sky, as though confronting the superb and despairing symbol of life itself, to affirm his solidarity with the world at its worst, to declare himself life's accomplice even in its thanklessness and its filth. Then the great impulse that had sustained him collapsed for the first time since he left Prague. Mersault pressed his tears and his lips against the cold pane. Again the glass blurred, the landscape disappeared.
George Grossmith, The Diary of a Nobody|Driving is boring," Rabbit pontificates, "but it's what we do. Most of American life is driving somewhere and then driving back wondering why the hell you went.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Making money isn't hard in itself,what's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting your life to
Jayne Ann Krentz|Believe in yourself and in your own voice, because there will be times in this business when you will be the only one who does. Take heart from the knowledge that an author with a strong voice will often have trouble at the start of his or her career because strong,distinctive voices sometimes make editors nervous. But in the end, only the strong survive.
Kevin Mitnick|So when you spot violence, or bigotry, or intolerance or fear or just garden-variety misogyny, hatred or ignorance, just look it in the eye and think, 'The good outnumber you, and we always will.'
Charmaine J Forde|Even if you are threatened with death, look at your situation right in the eye and praise the Lord
Toni Sorenson|Figure out your passion. What floats your boat, rings your bell, lights your tree? A life without passion is possible, but not desirable. Have you really lived at all if you have not lived with passion? Without it would a masterpiece be possible? I don’t think so. With purpose, cause and passion, there is no way the end you envision will not become the reality you live.
Mark Z. Danielewski|Faith gives you a concept of the dignity and worth of all work, even simple work, without which work could bore you.
Robert Brault|Stay out of the court of self-judgment, for there is no presumption of innocence.
Jason Fry, Hunt for the Hydra|My dear sir, that is just where you are wrong. That is just where the whole world has gone wrong. We are always getting away from the present movement. Our mental existences, which are immaterial and have no dimensions, are passing along the Time-Dimension with a uniform velocity from the cradle to the grave.
Kiana Tom|Listening, not imitation, may be the sincerest form of flattery.
Russell Baker|Haiti and the Dominican Republic don't just share an island, Hispaniola, but a history, one that includes all the signal events that went into creating the modern world: Columbus, conquest, genocide, slavery, imperial war, revolution, and U.S. counterinsurgencies and military occupations.
Charles Beaumont, Perchance to Dream: Selected Stories|If one could only discover the unwritten bases of black magic and apply formulae to them, we would find that they were merely another form of science... perhaps less advance, perhaps more.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Conversation between a princess and an outlaw: "If I stand for fairy-tale balls and dragon bait--dragon bait--what do you stand for?""Me? I stand for uncertainty, insecurity, bad taste, fun, and things that go boom in the night.""Franky, it seems to me that you've turned yourself into a stereotype.""You may be right. I don't care. As any car freak will tell you, the old models are the most beautiful, even if they aren't the most efficient. People who sacrifice beauty for efficiency get what they deserve.""Well, you may get off on being a beautiful stereotype, regardless of the social consequences, but my conscience won't allow it." "And I goddamn refuse to be dragon bait. I'm as capable of rescuing you as you are of rescuing me.""I'm an outlaw, not a hero. I never intended to rescue you. We're our own dragons as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescue ourselves from ourselves.
Lee Siegel|Ever since the romantic comedy-drama 'She's Gotta Have It' antagonized black women and black men in 1986, Spike Lee's films have enjoyed the outrage of various groups.
John Flanagan, The Royal Ranger|How can you sleep at a time like this?” she asked, but the only answer was a low snore. She looked at him suspiciously. In the short time she had been with him, she had never before heard him snore.“You’re faking,” she said.“No. I’m really fast asleep,” came his voice from under the cowl.
Andrew Smith|Ah,' thought the king sadly, shrugging his shoulders, "I see clearly that if one has a crazy wife, one cannot avoid being a fool.'("Queen Fantasque")
Ruth Wariner, The Sound of Gravel|I wanted nothing more out of life than I did to keep my family together and make sure they were safe. The memory of those days reminds me of how exhausted I had been, but my siblings gave my life purpose, they were my bridge from pain to healing, from past to future. They are as much the authors of my survival as I am of theirs.
Peter Clines, 14|Oh, traccy traccy ply ply bracket doints and divs
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|I love the wheels, I mean steering wheel.
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|You need something," he said, and when I stared at him, he added, "Your face.""My face?""It's in need of my kisses.
George Michael|It's obviously unfair to paint with a broad brush here, but the germ of an idea for a breakthrough in technology doesn't come out of a business school curriculum. It comes out of a laboratory or a math lecture or a physics tutorial.
George R.R. Martin|Shaga: How would you like to die, little man?Tyrion: In my bed, at the age of eighty with a belly full of wine and a woman's mouth around my cock.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|The next day he passed Alai in the corridor, and they greeted each other, touched hands, talked, but they both knew that there was a wall there now.It might be breached, that wall, sometime in the future, but for now the only real conversation between them was the roots that had already grown low and deep, under the wall, where they could not be broken.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|He willed that the hearts of Men should seek beyond the world and should find no rest therein; but they should have a virtue to shape their life, amid the powers and chances of the world, beyond the Music of the Ainur, which is as fate to all things else.
Kresley Cole, Dead of Winter|I take no actions that I wouldn’t publicly recount. If you can’t speak your deeds, then don’t do them.
Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|More of anything only makes us more of what we already are. If we are happy, it can bring more happiness. If we are depressed, it will make us more depressed.
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|In a word, literature is my Utopia. Here I am not disfranchised. No barrier of the senses shuts me out from the sweet, gracious discourse of my book-friends. They talk to me without embarrassment or awkwardness. The things I have learned and the things I have been taught seem of ridiculously little importance compared with their "large loves and heavenly charities.
Eva Herzigova|Famous people feel that they must perpetually be on the crest of the wave, not realising that it is against all the rules of life. You can't be on top all the time, it isn't natural.
Doris Day|But now in this day and age, people are more prone to go out to try new things to enhance their performance on the field - to enhance their physical appearance.
Lisa Wingate, Talk of the Town|Somewhere, deep within me, beyond the passion, beyond the beauty of the night, that little spark of Daily magic ignited in me again, began burning in a place that had gone dark and untended, that had yearned to be bright and warm. I felt it now, something old, something new, something complete. Perhaps it had been in there in me all along, the belief that there is a plan and a purpose, that God whispers into every life, some things that are beyond the scope of the mind, and can only be felt with the heart and the spirit. Those dreams, the dreams that are dreamed *for* us, not by us, are the truest of all.
Debasish Mridha|Your thoughts are magnets. You attract what you think, and it becomes your reality.
Emily Dickinson|The more honest you are, the more open, the less fear you will have, because there's no anxiety about being exposed or revealed to others.
Cynthia Harrod-Eagles|But the living must fear death, or they would not struggle to stay alive. from 'The Fallen Kings.
bell hooks|Genuine love is rarely an emotional space where needs are instantly gratified. To know love we have to invest time and commitment...'dreaming that love will save us, solve all our problems or provide a steady state of bliss or security only keeps us stuck in wishful fantasy, undermining the real power of the love -- which is to transform us.' Many people want love to function like a drug, giving them an immediate and sustained high. They want to do nothing, just passively receive the good feeling.
Ruskin Bond, Delhi Is Not Far|The rain swirls over the trees and roofs of the town, and the parched earth soaks it up, exuding a fragrance that comes only once in a year, the fragrance of quenched earth, the most exhilarating of all smells.
Auliq Ice|Even though life is hard, never make your life miserable, stressed and out weighed, you will burry yourself in stress.
Gary Zukav|A guitar is a very personal extension of the person playing it. You have to be emotionally and spiritually connected to your instrument. I'm very brutal on my instruments, but not all the time.
Debasish Mridha|To find inner bliss and happiness through yoga, learn to accept things as they are by changing your thoughts.
Lucy V. Morgan, Chairman of the Whored|Leila. Schoolgirls are like sports cars. They're nice to look at, but they're impractical. In the end, they don't do what you need them to do."I had to stifle my smile, he looked so serious. Then I stole a glance back at the lithe-limbed shadows beneath the tress. "Is that so?""It's true. They won't let you take them up the arse. They're rubbish at sucking you. You want to ride them at a hundred miles a hour, but you end up doing forty in the sixty zone because you're too fucking scared of damaging them.
Martijn Benders|Something went greatly wrong in our collective history and the starting point of it was the industrial revolution. Our school systems are focussed on a single objective: to produce model citizens for society in order to feed this machine and prevent its breakdown. That’s why our school systems have no interest in developing models that actually require and stimulate useful values in people, such as courage or imagination or inventiveness. None of these are taught in our schools, on the contrary the system focuses on memorizing. Memorizing is a way of overloading the mind with mental baggage it doesn’t really need. Besides being horribly dull and stiffening the effect of 20 years of abundant memorization training is modern man: an unimaginative creature stuffed with useless knowledge and unable to clean his mind of this information dirt: our school systems are purposely constructed to deliver mental automatons that are unable to think creatively.
Deb Caletti, Wild Roses|A book is a version of the world. If you do not like it, ignore it or offer your own version in return.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opposition|I wanted Kat out. Every cell of my being demanded that I protect her, even though I knew she was hella capable of doing so herself, but I wanted her far away from here. Hell, I'd keep her in Bubble Wrap if it weren't so damn creepy and also inconvenient, considering I had a terrible habit of obsessively popping the damn things until not a single bubble was left.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the magnificence of life, keep love blooming in your heart just like flowers bloom in your garden.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self Reliance|Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great.
Abraham Lincoln|I've got a new life now, a new future, there's a lot more to Lennox Lewis than just being a boxer.
Edgar Allan Poe|I have no faith in human perfectibility. I think that human exertion will have no appreciable effect upon humanity. Man is now only more active - not more happy - nor more wise, than he was 6000 years ago.
Epictetus, Enchiridion and Selections from the Discourses|[On the virtuous man] "He combines the highest, lowest and middle chords in complete harmony within himself.
Emily Mortimer|I hate the term 'arm candy.' But, look, a woman's figure is a beautiful thing, and if she has shapely legs, then she should show them off, because men love to see that. Not just heterosexual men - gay men like to see a woman in her beauty and the shape of her.
Lang Leav|Perhaps the most terrible (or wonderful) thing that can happen to an imaginative youth, aside from the curse (or blessing) of imagination itself, is to be exposed without preparation to the life outside his or her own sphere - the sudden revelation that there is a there out there.
Noël Kingsbury, Hybrid: The History and Science of Plant Breeding|Improving upon nature is the very essence of plant breeding, and so it goes to the heart of one of the central debates of the human condition: the relationship between humanity and nature and the degree to which the human race has a right (or indeed a responsibility) to change plant life for its own ends.
Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great|Don't think for one minute that you are any less worthy of love and peace and harmony just because of all the hate spewed by human devils. Because that is what those haters are, you know, devils!
Ian McEwan, Atonement|Wasn't writing a kind of soaring, an achievable form of flight, of fancy, of the imagination?
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|When a poet digs himself into a hole, he doesn't climb out. He digs deeper, enjoys the scenery, and comes out the other side enlightened.
Jean Baudrillard, Cool Memories|Deep down, no one really believes they have a right to live. But this death sentence generally stays cosily tucked away, hidden beneath the difficulty of living. If that difficulty is removed from time to time, death is suddenly there, unintelligibly.
Renee Fredrickson, Repressed Memories: A Journey to Recovery from Sexual Abuse|Sometimes you just have to be there to understand, even if being there makes no sense at all." - excerpt from: freefalling
Tara Janzen, Avenging Angel|Excuse me,” she said, her voice tight. “But if I’d known there was going to be a firearms examination at the end of the kidnapping, by God, I would have studied for it!
Callie Hunter, Entwined|Reason is what we look for when we confused, but it should be in comfort that we look for reasons.
Autumn Doughton, Chasing Polaris|In my defense, the Easter Bunny is the weakest link in magical lore. I mean, you have to admit that the whole thing is ridiculous. A giant rodent who sneaks into people's homes at night to leave eggs filled with candy? How in the world is that symbolic of the Easter celebration?
Bo Schembechler|First character, then ability.
Malcolm X|I think I've always had a certain amount of skepticism of this whole 'shut up and smile' theory. I haven't ever swallowed that pill so easily, although I tried.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|Layer upon layer it comes, dense and rich within the texts, echo upon echo, allusion and resonance tumbling over one another, so that for those with ears to hear it becomes un-missable, a crescendo of questions to which in the end there can be only one answer. Why are you speaking like this? Are you the one who is to come? Can anything good come out of Nazareth? What sign can you show us? Why does he eat with tax-collectors and sinners? Where did this man get all this wisdom? How can this man give us his flesh to eat? Who are you? Why do you not follow the traditions? Do the authorities think he’s the Messiah? Can the Messiah come from Galilee? Why are you behaving unlawfully? Who then is this? Aren’t we right to say that you’re a Samaritan and have a demon? What do you say about him? By what right are you doing these things? Who is this Son of Man? Should we pay tribute to Caesar? And climactically: Are you the king of the Jews? What is truth? Where are you from? Are you the Messiah, the son of the Blessed One? Then finally, too late for answers, but not too late for irony: Aren’t you the Messiah? Save yourself and us! If you’re the Messiah, why don’t you come down from that cross?…And Jesus had his own questions. Who do you say I am? Do you believe in the Son of Man? Can you drink the cup I’m going to drink? How do the scribes say that the Messiah is David’s son? Couldn’t you keep watch with me for a single hour? And finally and horribly: My God, my God, why did you abandon me? …The reason there were so many questions, in both directions, was that–as historians have concluded for many years now–Jesus fitted no ready-made categories
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|Trudging on foot, loaded with sacks, bundles, and babies, young mothers who had lost their milk, driven out of their minds by the horrors of the journey, abandoned their children, shook the corn out of their sacks onto the ground, and turned back. A quick death, they had decided, was preferable to a slow death by starvation. Better to fall into the clutches of the enemy than to be torn to pieces by some beast in the forest.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|But that is how men are! Ungrateful and never satisfied. When you don't have them they hate you because you won't; and when you do have them they hate you again, for some other reason. Or for no reason at all, except that they are discontented children, and can't be satisfied whatever they get, let a woman do what she may.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Being culturally aware and respectful of others’ cultures will help you to keep the habit of making eye contact in context. As a matter of fact, in some parts of the world making eye contact can be construed as being exactly the opposite of what I am sharing in these pages. Making a great first impression is always about the specific environment and circumstance, isn’t it?
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Without constructive skepticism, without human progress.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|We don't know when our name came into being or how some distant ancestor acquired it. We don't understand our name at all, we don't know its history, and yet we bear it with exalted fidelity, we merge with it, we like it, we are ridiculously proud of it as if we had thought it up ourselves in a moment of brilliant inspiration. A face is like a name. It must have happened some time toward the end of my childhood: I kept looking in the mirror for such a long time that I finally believed that what I was seeing was my self. My recollection of this period is very vague, but I know that the discovery of the self must have been intoxicating. Yet there comes a time when you stand in front of a mirror and ask yourself: this is my self? And why? Why did I want to identify with this? What do I care about this face? And at that moment everything starts to crumble. Everything starts to crumble.
William Carlos Williams, Paterson|You lethargic, waiting upon me,waiting for the fire and Iattendant upon you, shaken by your beautyShaken by your beauty Shaken.
Randy Alcorn, Heaven|I do not look at myself. I have given up myself. I had to, you know, after the murder. That was what it did for me. And that was how everything began
Douglas Wilson, Paideia of God: & Other Essays on Education|If you can't tell someone how to think, then you have to learn to manage the environment where they think.
Augusten Burroughs, A Wolf at the Table|I nodded again, but I knew I would not grow up to drive a bulldozer. It would be awful to be dirty all day like these men. I didn't say it, but at best I would keep one in the backyard, like a goat.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you leave your soil untilled, you will not benefit from God’s rain. Even if God pours down a heavy rainfall, it will only grow weeds on your land.
Daniel Kahneman|As a digital technology writer, I have had more than one former student and colleague tell me about digital switchers they have serviced through which calls and data are diverted to government servers or the big data algorithms they've written to be used on our e-mails by intelligence agencies.
Guy Debord, The Society of the Spectacle|The story of terrorism is written by the state and it is therefore highly instructive… compared with terrorism, everything else must be acceptable, or in any case more rational and democratic.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|This isn't a crush, it's obsession.You are never not in my thoughts. Your scent carries across a room and paralyzes me with longing. I don't want to hold your hand. Part of me wants to set you on fire and hold you while the flame consumes us both, to eat your heart so I know that only I possess it entirely.
Jeffrey G. Duarte|We can never be sure that the opinion we are endeavouring to stifle is a false opinion; and if we were sure, stifling it would be an evil still.
Barney Norris|From my new release, Cry for Me.This is Bryen talking."Stop it, T! I knew; my God I predicted you would do this! Start blaming yourself for the sins of my sick brother. He's left a stench of rottenness from here to Illinois!
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Acts of love, for me, are leaps of bravery.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Gracious blessings, power for great deeds.
Forrest Curran|Tomorrow, today will be yesterday, and tomorrow will be today. By the nature of time when tomorrow will shift to become today, we demystify the notion that we are powerless in the face of the future, as the future will become the present moment naturally. On the basis that tomorrow will also eventually become yesterday, we can fundamentally note that time converges through yesterday, today, and tomorrow to where the essence of our very existence converges in the present moment.
Kristine Kathryn Rusch|I write because if I don’t let it out of my system, I will die with guilt.
Bill Alexander|There's a reason why anger, fear, and hatred are paths to the dark side: they all spring from a single source - the same source as a certain flavor of love. A dangerously sweet, addictive flavor.
John Bunyan|Our will is always for our own good, but we do not always see what that is.
Mauricio Chaves Mesén, 12 Laws of Great Entrepreneurs|You do not have opportunities for influence by accident. God-given opportunities bring God-intended responsibilities. Do all the good you can wherever God puts you. Apply this to your situation among family members, your neighbors, and your coworkers.
Nick Hornby, About a Boy|All that night he thought like boomerangs fly: an idea would shoot way off into the distance, all the way to a caravan in Hollywood and, for a moment, when he had got as far away from school and reality as it was possible to go, he was reasonably happy; then it would begin the return journey, thump him on the head, and leave him in exactly the place he had started from. And all the time it got nearer and nearer to the morning.
Walter Bagehot|Writers, like teeth, are divided into incisors and grinders.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|There’s what you’re forced to do, there’s what you choose, and everything else—most things—are a mix. At best, you’ll spend your life trying not to get hurt, but trying not to do the hurting, either. You won’t always come through, but it’s the best anyone can do. It’s the trying I’d call good.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|This life is quite a rave- few heartaches, some long waits, altering faiths & breaking cliches!
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|It's goddamned funny in this police racket how an old woman can look out of a window and see a guy running and pick him out of a line-up six months later, but we can show hotel help a clear photo and they just can't be sure.''That's one of the qualifications for good hotel help,' I said.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|If you meet 29th February, think of a distinctive footprint. If you meet 29th February, think of something unique for it is the only day that defines a year as a leap year. It is the only day that makes February truly unique. If you meet 29th February, live and leave a distinctive footprint for you shall seldom meet such a day
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|He looked at me now."Remember I said, 'what if I didn't want to fix your bike?'"I remembered. "Yes...""I didn't want to fix it, because I liked driving you places.
Dwight L. Moody|No one can sum up all God is able to accomplish through one solitary life, wholly yielded, adjusted, and obedient to Him.
Denny Taylor, Split Second Solution|Dunce is completely bald and has a really pointed head so the temptation to get him paralytic on his thirtieth birthday, carry him to the tattooist’s and get a nice big ‘D’ smack bang in the middle of his forehead was too much for me. Trouble is he can’t afford to have it removed so he wears a big plaster over it. Gangs of children tease him.‘What’s underneath the plaster, mister? Show us!’They swear he has a third eye under there. My name is Bill but Dunce calls me ‘Fez’ on account of my hat. I’ve known Dunce for over sixteen years.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|[A]s if enjoying a last, drawn-out supper, he sips on Alexandria's shadows.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy a great life, often have a great laugh.
Jojo Moyes, Paris for One|But now, inside the gallery, something happens to him. He finds his emotions gripped by the paintings, the huge, colorful canvases by Diego Rivera, the tiny, agonized self-portraits by Frida Kahlo, the woman Rivera loved. Fabien barely notices the crowds that cluster in front of the pictures.He stops before a perfect little painting in which she has pictured her spine as a cracked column. There is something about the grief in her eyes that won't let him look away. That is suffering, he thinks. He thinks about how long he's been moping about Sandrine, and it makes him feel embarrassed, self-indulgent. Theirs, he suspects, was not an epic love story like Diego and Frida's.He finds himself coming back again and again to stand in front of the same pictures, reading about the couple's life, the passion they shared for their art, for workers' rights, for each other. He feels an appetite growing within him for something bigger, better, more meaningful. He wants to live like these people. He has to make his writing better, to keep going. He has to.He is filled with an urge to go home and write something that is fresh and new and has in it the honesty of these pictures. Most of all he just wants to write. But what?
Mac DeMarco|The pool is terrible, but that doesn't have much to do with my record swims. That's all mental attitude.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Blindness is a choice born of fear, nursed by complacency and groomed by comfort. And what I often don’t see in my blindness is that 'choice' evidences the existence of other options.
Gangai Victor|When everybody worships all sort of religious lies and illogical myths, dare to be there, in the land of reason!
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|When the living gets unburdened with needs and desires, the life becomes simple and easy to carry.
E.E. Knight, Dragon Avenger|Does that have to go in?” Lada asked.“What do you mean?” Wistala said, brought back to the dictation.“The battle. Betrayals. Incompetence, even cowardice. Boats falling, mud everywhere, blood running from balconies, carrion birds poking marrow from bones, dwarves hanging from bridges, burned corpses, but worst of all, no hero whose courage and skill is put to the ultimate test.”“They asked for a history, they shall have my history. If someone else will have the battle take place on a spring-green field with pennants at the lance points and songs sung over the honored dead, let them write it thus. This history is a story of death begetting death, and should end with carrion birds, for they are the only ones who come out the better at the end.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Children throw tantrums because they've imagined their 'father in heaven' does so. And because, their inherited religious book has, in written, shown them so.
Mark Strand, Blizzard of One|From the shadow of domes in the city of domes,A snowflake, a blizzard of one, weightless, entered your roomAnd made its way to the arm of the chair where you, looking upFrom your book, saw it the moment it landed. That's allThere was to it.
Shannon Hale, The Goose Girl|I dont want to hear the words "NOT POSSIBLE" they dont exist in my world - Rayvon L Browne
Palamedia Public Relations on me my book|One of the biggest obstacles on the path of peace, or even peaceful coexistence, between Israelis and Palestinians was placed by the international community and media when it redefined Hamas as an "organization." One result is that outsiders try to reach a solution based on the assumption that Hamas has structure and leaders. It does not. It has no "political wing" or "militant wing." Hamas is a loosely-knit band of terrorists. Its leaders are whoever has weapons, plans, and influence. Hamas is thuggish and cowardly. Those who fly the green flag are not military combatants. Nor do they represent, or care a whit, for the Palestinian people, as evidenced by their strategy of hiding in and fighting from schools, clinics, hospitals, and people's homes. After what passed for an election some Hamas terrorists were further redefined as politicians and diplomats, though they were neither politic nor diplomatic, evidenced by the fact that many "govern" from Israeli prisons. Prior to the Second Intifada, which began in 2000, Hamas had been emasculated and nearly eradicated by Yassir Arafat, who rounded up, disarmed, and imprisoned the terrorist "leaders," leaving its remaining members to return to their homes. Arafat ensured that members of Hamas had no place to hide among the Palestinian people. And that is the only way the terrorist cancer in Gaza will be excised today. In the absence of Arafat, the task falls by default to Israel, which would do better to enable the citizens of Gaza to purge themselves of Hamas and reward them for doing so than try to get rid of the bad apples by blowing up the barrel, if you'll excuse the mixed metaphor.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|Things didn't go bad between Georgie and Neal. Things were always bad -- and always good. Their marriage was like a set of scales constantly balancing itself. And then, at some point, when neither of them was paying attention, they'd tipped so far over into bad, they'd settled there. Now only an enormous amount of good would shift them back. An impossible amount of good.
Marilynne Robinson|Perhaps that’s the best way to recover, to return to the way things were before as quickly as we can. We won the Great Battle, so nothing needs to change.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|Who knows if all our brains are inventing the same thing? I mean, how do we know that the thing YOUR eyes see and call "red" is the same thing that I call "red"?
Eric Kandel|The problem of psychoanalysis is not the body of theory that Freud left behind, but the fact that it never became a medical science. It never tried to test its ideas.
Ammar Moussa (عمار موسى), رحلة إلى ما وراء القمة|When he came in first, he was happy to find all sorts of meaning in the results.
Ambrose Bierce|God alone knows the future, but only an historian can alter the past.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|When a child first catches adults out -- when it first walks into his grave little head that adults do not always have divine intelligence, that their judgments are not always wise, their thinking true, their sentences just -- his world falls into panic desolation. The gods are fallen and all safety gone. And there is one sure thing about the fall of gods: they do not fall a little; they crash and shatter or sink deeply into green muck. It is a tedious job to build them up again; they never quite shine. And the child's world is never quite whole again. It is an aching kind of growing.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you thank GOD for what you have, it means you appreciate and value what's in your hands. And when you value what's in your hands, it will open up its wonder to you.
Rumi|Some white people hate black people, and some white people love black people, some black people hate white people, and some black people love white people. So you see it's not an issue of black and white, it's an issue of Lovers and Haters.
Haley Joel Osment|I said, 'Ooh, Dad, I want the yellow ones.' He said, 'Where?' I said, 'Right there, Dad. I want the yellow ones.' Everybody goes, 'Those are green'. That's how I knew I was colorblind.
Benjamin Franklin, The Way to Wealth|From an outside viewpoint it seems as if I had almost all a man could ask in reason. But when was a strong man in the grip of love ever reasonable? I think the Almighty took a pretty grave responsibility when He made men as He did. If I had been He, and understood the forces I was handling, I would have been too big a coward to do it.
Stephen Richards, The Ultimate Success In Love|The only limits to what you can manifest, depends on you.
|You could buy a company of people with your wealth, but would never succeed in purchasing their love.
Serena Valentino, Poor Unfortunate Soul: A Tale of the Sea Witch|Well, well, my dear. Are we so brokenhearted as that? Is the loss of that terrible prince really worth your life?
Lama Surya Das, Awakening the Buddha Within: Tibetan Wisdom for the Western World|New karma is being made all the time. When one acts with a positive motivation, goodness is furthered. When one acts out of negative motivation, negativity is furthered. "We can recondition ourselves to act with wisdom. The important thing to understand here is that you are not a victim. You are your own master. 'As you sow, so shall you reap.
|Stop waiting around for your life to get better and start getting better with your thoughts, decisions and actions.
Emily Post|Here's why I will be a good person. Because I listen. I cannot speak so I listen very well. I never interrupt, I never deflect the course of the conversation with a comment of my own. People, if you pay attention to them, change the direction of one another's conversations constantly. it's like having a passenger in your car who suddenly grabs the steering wheel and turns you down a side street.
Wrushank Sorte|He paused, wishing to embrace her, but feeling for the moment that he should not. Then, reaching into a waistcoat pocket, he took from it a thin gold locket, the size of a silver dollar, which he opened and handed to her. One interior face of it was lined with a photograph of Berenice as a girl of twelve, thin, delicate, supercilious, self-contained, distant, as she was to this hour.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The elephant is the largest, but not the fiercest. The giraffe is the tallest, but not the strongest. The cheetah is the fastest, but not the wisest. The ant is the smallest, but not the gentlest.
W.H. Davies, The Collected Poems of William H. Davies; With a Portrait|What is this life so full of care,We don't have time to stand and stare.
Ellen Kaplan, Out of the Labyrinth: Setting Mathematics Free|A Puritan twist in our nature makes us think that anything good for us must be twice as good if it's hard to swallow. Learning Greek and Latin used to play the role of character builder, since they were considered to be as exhausting and unrewarding as digging a trench in the morning and filling it up in the afternoon. It was what made a man, or a woman -- or more likely a robot -- of you. Now math serves that purpose in many schools: your task is to try to follow rules that make sense, perhaps, to some higher beings; and in the end to accept your failure with humbled pride. As you limp off with your aching mind and bruised soul, you know that nothing in later life will ever be as difficult.What a perverse fate for one of our kind's greatest triumphs! Think how absurd it would be were music treated this way (for math and music are both excursions into sensuous structure): suffer through playing your scales, and when you're an adult you'll never have to listen to music again. And this is mathematics we're talking about, the language in which, Galileo said, the Book of the World is written. This is mathematics, which reaches down into our deepest intuitions and outward toward the nature of the universe -- mathematics, which explains the atoms as well as the stars in their courses, and lets us see into the ways that rivers and arteries branch. For mathematics itself is the study of connections: how things ideally must and, in fact, do sort together -- beyond, around, and within us. It doesn't just help us to balance our checkbooks; it leads us to see the balances hidden in the tumble of events, and the shapes of those quiet symmetries behind the random clatter of things. At the same time, we come to savor it, like music, wholly for itself. Applied or pure, mathematics gives whoever enjoys it a matchless self-confidence, along with a sense of partaking in truths that follow neither from persuasion nor faith but stand foursquare on their own. This is why it appeals to what we will come back to again and again: our **architectural instinct** -- as deep in us as any of our urges.
Shea Darian, Sanctuaries of Childhood: Nurturing a Child's Spiritual Life|I began to see that creating a healthy family, in which members develop the ability for mutual respect and caring, is a prerequisite for a more peaceful world. For, it is the family that creates the social fabric of our culture, as Mahatma Gandhi so poignantly illustrated, when he said:If we are to teach real peace on this world...we shall have to begin with children; and if they will grow up in their own innocence, we won't have to struggle; we won't have to pass fruitless, idle resolutions, but we shall go from love to love and peace to peace, until at last all the corners of the world are covered with that peace and love for which, consciously or unconsciously, the whole world is hungeringSweeping floors, wiping noses, singing children to sleep...such is the work of peacemakers. Blessed be the peacemakers.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Thus Epicurus also, when he designs to destroy the natural fellowship of mankind, at the same time makes use of that which he destroys.For what does he say? ‘Be not deceived, men, nor be led astray, nor be mistaken: there is no natural fellowship among rational animals; believe me. But those who say otherwise, deceive you and seduce you by false reasons.’—What is this to you? Permit us to be deceived.Will you fare worse, if all the rest of us are persuaded that there is a natural fellowship among us, and that it ought by all means to be preserved? Nay, it will be much better and safer for you.Man, why do you trouble yourself about us? Why do you keep awake for us? Why do you light your lamp? Why do you rise early? Why do you write so many books, that no one of us may be deceived about the gods and believe that they take care of men; or that no one may suppose the nature of good to be other than pleasure?For if this is so, lie down and sleep, and lead the life of a worm, of which you judged yourself worthy: eat and drink, and enjoy women, and ease yourself, and snore.And what is it to you, how the rest shall think about these things, whether right or wrong? For what have we to do with you?You take care of sheep because they supply us with wool and milk, and last of all with their flesh. Would it not be a desirable thing if men could be lulled and enchanted by the Stoics, and sleep and present themselves to you and to those like you to be shorn and milked?For this you ought to say to your brother Epicureans: but ought you not to conceal it from others, and particularly before every thing to persuade them, that we are by nature adapted for fellowship, that temperance is a good thing; in order that all things may be secured for you?Or ought we to maintain this fellowship with some and not with others? With whom then ought we to maintain it?With such as on their part also maintain it, or with such as violate this fellowship?And who violate it more than you who establish such doctrines?What then was it that waked Epicurus from his sleepiness, and compelled him to write what he did write?
Matthew D. Heines|The idea here is simple, if you can dream it, it is possible.
Maurice Sendak|The day after Paul Newman was dead, he was twice as dead.
Rousas John Rushdoony, Law and Liberty|Those who hold to the Christian faith see law as an ultimate order of the universe. It is the invariable factor in a variable world, the unchanging order in a changing universe. Law for the Christian is thus absolute, final, and an aspect of God's creation and a manifestation of His nature. In terms of this, the Christian can hold that right is right, and wrong is wrong, that good and evil are unchanging moral categories rather than relative terms.From an evolutionary perspective, however, we have a very different concept of law. The universe is evolving, and the one constant factor is change. It is impossible therefore to speak of any absolute law. The universe has evolved by means of chance variations, and no law has any ultimacy or absolute truth. As a result when we talk about law, we are talking about social customs or mores and about statistical averages. Social customs change, and what was law to the ancient Gauls is not law to the modern Frenchmen. We can expect men's ideas of law to change as their societies change and evolve. Moreover, statistics give us an average and a mean which determine normality, and our ideas of law are governed by what is customary and socially accepted.
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|THE ELITES AND THE LESSERS, ONE LOOKS DOWN UPON THE OTHER.IF YOU'RE A ROAMER, YOU'RE NO LONGER PART OF THE ELITES.BECOMING A NEW-LESSER MAY SAVE YOU. IF ONLY FOR A LITTLE WHILE. THREE ISLANDS TWO COLLIDE THE THIRD IS A MYSTERY.
Henry David Thoreau, A Week on the Concord and Merrimack Rivers / Walden / The Maine Woods / Cape Cod|It is remarkable that, notwithstanding the universal favor with which the New Testament is outwardly received, and even the bigotry with which it is defended, there is no hospitality shown to, there is no appreciation of, the order of truth with which it deals.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Great things can be accomplished, if we passionately pursue our goals and dreams.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It might behoove us to realize that isolation is the absence of all the senseless clutter, and all the incessant racket that would keep God from having ample room to show up and sufficient silence to be heard. Therefore, isolation may actually be the place where we are least isolated.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Uh-oh," Will muttered. "This is going to be ... interes
Charles Kingsley|Follow your feelings. If it feels right, move forward. If it doesn't feel right, don't do it.
Reinhold Niebuhr|We live in a culture that relishes tearing others down. It's ultimately more fulfilling, though, to help people reach their goals. Instead of feeling jealous, remember: If God did it for them, He can do it for you.
Jane Austen, Emma|She's the main character in her story, just like I'm the main character in mine.
Daniele Lanzarotta, Sudden Hope|Samir loves Joe’s face. He studies it every day in class: a face as old as his own but already, in eighteen years, the cli s and hills and odd proportions of its geography have been shaped by life’s weather. Samir likes to observe the ever-watchful green eyes, hidden in their shadowy alcoves over the at nose and cheekbones, and the heavy brow that scrunches up with Joe’s moods – all those sculptural planes could have been carved by Easter Islanders. en there’s the pout of his lips, the pucker of their concentration or the twist of their anger. But most of all, Samir examines the thoughts as they cross the wide-open landscape of the face. Tries hard to read their cloud shapes from the merest shadow.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You must not wait to be elected into office, before you begin to serve. Begin to serve every where you are; in the home, community, school, university, work, hospital, church, market, society, nation and among many other places.
Mensah Oteh|Asking questions is an essential daily habit, because your experiences are often in proportion to the questions you ask.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Love: Soulfully Inspiring You to Uncover the Essence of True Love That Exists, Within|Do not just envisage your own hopes, dreams — but, have the courage to strive toward them.
China Miéville, Embassytown|If youth were not ignorant and timid, civilization would be impossible.
Vincent Nichols|My mother listened to all the news from the camp during the strike. She said little, especially when my father or the men who worked for him were about I remember her instinctive and unhesitating sympathy for the miners.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|As we don't live in a perfect world, try to spend 80% of your time doing important but not urgent activities
Sulari Gentill, Chasing Odysseus|Hero,” he said softly, in a manner that was much like his father’s. “Vengeance and glory are the ways of the Greeks and the Trojans. We are of the Herdsmen.
Christopher Hitchens|Being rich is a good thing. Not just in the obvious sense of benefitting you and your family, but in the broader sense. Profits are not a zero sum game. The more you make, the more of a financial impact you can have.
Kat Kaelin, LONE WALK FROM PANTHER CREEK: BASED ON A TRUE STORY - Dirty Little Secrets - Reader Discretion Advised|Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been." _Mark Twain (Author)
Rebecca McNutt, The Vinyl Effect|Mark, trying his best to distance himself from the cruel and pathetic 21st century, hadn’t listened to the news reports, not even when the dark green jeeps and helicopters showed up in town, men dressed in identical uniforms, just like in school, always standing with stony faces, setting up shelters and warning signals and food storage boxes. And as the public service announcements and racist propaganda bloomed onto the screens in every classroom, Mark’s only observation was that the United States still had such a long way to go. When times were dire, they resorted to using inaccurate stereotypes and ignorance as a weapon, with an impressionable society always willing to believe without further question.
Marquesate, Special Forces|Like all men who look this good, Frank has no interest in women.
Anne  Hansen, Finally Mine|Shhh, no more talking Em, Ethan whispered.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|But I don't feel like dealing because dealing requires too much energy, and energy is what I lack.
Kenan Malik|As universities have turned into businesses, so students have turned into consumers.
Todd McFarlane|If your motives aren't clean, money itself becomes evil. But When we don't have money enough evil, the world tells us we're losers. So what determines our place in society is not how much kindness is in our hearts but how much evil is in our wallet.
Emma Raveling, Breaker|The flower drifted, light and open, gliding a path through still water like the faint stirrings of a dream.
Emmuska Orczy|The proud cannot accept the authority of God giving direction to their lives. (See Helaman 12:6.) They pit their perceptions of truth against God’s great knowledge, their abilities versus God’s priesthood power, and their accomplishments against His mighty works.
Sarvesh Jain|When was the last time you kissed somebody new. If you can tackle that fear, you've nothing to fear.
Barbara Demick, Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea|We stand at the crossroads, each minute, each hour, each day, making choices. We choose the thoughts we allow ourselves to think, the passions we allow ourselves to feel, and the actions we allow ourselves to perform. Each choice is made in the context of whatever value system we have selected to govern our lives. In selecting that value system, we are, in a very real way, making the most important choice we will ever make.Those who believe there is one God who made all things and who governs the world by this providence will make many choices different from those who do not. Those who hold in reverence that being who gave them life and worship Him through adoration, prayer, and thanksgiving will make choices different from those who do not. Those who believe that mankind are all of a family and that the most acceptable service of God is doing good to man will make many choices different from those who do not. Those who believe in a future state in which all that is wrong here will be made right will make many choices different from those who do not. Those who subscribe to the morals of Jesus will make many choices different from those who do not.Since the foundation of all happiness is thinking rightly, and since correct action is dependent on correct opinion, we cannot be too careful in choosing the value system we allow to govern our thoughts and actions.And to know that God governs in the affairs of men, that He hears and answers prayers, and that He is a rewarder of them that diligently seek Him, is, indeed, a powerful regulator of human conduct.
Robert M. Drake|But dear, don’t be afraid of love it’s only magic.
Khul Waters|Miles just smiled and felt her love flow around his own. Yet inside his love was a rock, and it had the words “payback is sweet” written in large letters on it. He laughed and she looked up at him and saw the hard glint in his eyes. “Uh oh!” was all she said. He laughed again deep in his chest. She kissed him happily. She sucked at his throat. She, as much as he, would enjoy the struggle that would follow.Part of the joy of their love was this constant battle to top the other. Kate was excellent at beginning these battles and sometimes even won them. Yet her weakness was that she submitted naturally. She knew it and he knew it. From her point of view the skill of the game was in keeping his Dom side distracted enough so she could submit to him before he took her. Miles smiled as he realised that whoever won was largely irrelevant to their love. Yet he liked to win; and so did she. (Journey Into Submission, eXtasy)
Austin Grossman, You|remember that misuse of language can lead to miscommunication, and that miscommunication leads to everything that has ever happened in the whole of the world
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Those who say ‘I am ready to learn’, or ‘I am not ready to learn’ are as often mistaken as they are correct in their surmise.
Alcurtis Turner|The author describes Speaker of the House Sam Rayburn as "seldom at ease without a gavel in his hand.
Paul E. Miller, A Praying Life: Connecting with God in a Distracting World|When confronted with suffering that won't go away or with even a minor problem, we instinctively focus on what is missing,...not on the Master's hand. Often when you think everything has gone wrong, it's just that you're in the middle of a story. If you watch the stories God is weaving in your life, you... will begin to see the patterns. You'll become a poet, sensitive to your Father's voice.
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|Note To Self!I will stay calm and relaxed no matter what confronts me today, tomorrow and everyday forth!
Banani Ray, Awakening Inner Guru|the work of salvation, in its full sense, is (1) about whole human beings, not merely souls; (2) about the present, not simply the future; and (3) about what God does through us, not merely what God does in and for us.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|It may not be pretty, but sometimes justice has to be hard to keep the rest of us straight and safe.
Robin D. Hart, Warning! Proceed With Caution Into the Practice of Law|Law firms can create environments for abusive relationships. This is especially true if an attorney has no self-direction, has no independent means of financial support, and has massive student loan indebtedness. You've basically made yourself an indentured servant.
Jefferson Davis|Garfield's assassination attempt made "the whole nation care".
George Carey|My faith is so strong that I believe that God made me 5-11 for a reason. For all the kids that have been told, no, that they can't do it, or all the kids that will be told no.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|It may be that until now there has been no more potent means for beautifying man himself than piety: it can turn man into so much art, surface, play of colors, graciousness that his sight no longer makes one suffer.---
Forrest  Carr, A Journal of the Crazy Year|God exists. He has one wicked since of humor, and right now he’s having a grand old time punking the planet.
Alison Larkin, The English American|So, if there are any couples here this evening having a secret extramarital affair, I encourage you to breed.
Lord Byron|Our knowledge and all of our ideas are mutually connected; the more complicated they are, the more numerous must be the roads that lead to them and depart from them.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Since Modi's Mumbai sign-off, much commentary has been focused on the brand-dilution potential inherent in its scandals. MS Dhoni doesn't think we should worry: 'IPL as a brand can survive on its own.' Shilpa Shetty, 'brand ambassador' of the Rajasthan Royals, tweets that we should: 'Custodians of Cricket must not hamper d Brandvalue of this viable sport.' Hampering d Brandvalue, insists new IPL boss Chirayu Amin, is the furthest thing from his mind: 'IPL's brand image is strong and nobody can touch that.' Harsha Bhogle, however, frets for the nation: 'Within the cricket world, Brand India will take a hit.'Not much more than a week after Modi's first tell-all tweets, the media was anxiously consulting Brand Finance's managing director, Unni Krishnan. Had there been any brand dilution yet? It was, said the soothsayer gravely, 'too early to say'. He could, however, confirm the following: 'The wealth that can be created by the brand is going to be substantially significant for many stakeholders. A conducive ecosystem has to be created to move the brand to the next level… We have to build the requisite bandwidth to monetise these opportunities.' Er, yeah… what he said. Anyway, placing a value on the IPL brand has clearly been quite beneficial to Brand Finance's brand.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|The cities were sucking all the life of the country into themselves and destroying it. Men were no longer individuals but units in a vast machine, all cut to one pattern, with the same tastes and ideas, the same mass-produced education that did not educate but only pasted a veneer of catchwords over ignorance. Why do you want to bring that back?
Sana Krasikov|Our communists aren’t like your communists. In New York they’re always on the street demonstrating, but their demands are absurd. Slash rents! Free groceries and electricity for the poor! They demand that landlords open up their vacant apartments to house the unemployed. They even demand that the Communist Party distribute unemployment relief instead of the Labor Department. They might as well demand cake and champagne!
James Dobson|I've always spent more time with a smile on my face than not, but the thing is, I don't write about it.
Xenphon Ephesius|Increasingly, Christian life seems to be nothing more than a particular way of behaving, a code of good conduct. Christianity is increasingly alienated, becoming a social attribute adapted to meet the least worthy of human demands - conformity, sterile conservatism, pusillanimity and timidity; it is adapted to the trivial moralizing which seeks to adorn cowardice and individual security with the funerary decoration of social decorum.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|There's this funny thing I've noticed about people. You never really get the story you expect. Ask them about what they have, and they'll tell you about what they want. Ask them to tell you about love, and they'll tell you about heartbreak. Ask them about death, though, and they'll tell you about life.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty, Phenomenology of Perception|In a like manner, as soon as we know the meaning of being and the meaning of nonbeing, we know that a thing cannot be and not be at one and the same time, and under the same formal consideration.
Luis Taruc|Pilfering was common in Communist China’s state-owned enterprises, as the Party secretaries were slack in guarding properties that belonged to the government and poorly paid workers felt it fair compensation for their low pay. The practice was so widespread that it was an open secret. The workers joked about it and called it "Communism," which in Chinese translation means "sharing property." Pg. 390
|For how long are you going to keep wasting your money, time, and energy trying to impress people who will never matter in your life?
Noam Chomsky, Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies|At its root, the logic is that of the Grand Inquisitor, who bitterly assailed Christ for offering people freedom and thus condemning them to misery. The Church must correct the evil work of Christ by offering the miserable mass of humanity the gift they most desire and need: absolute submission. It must “vanquish freedom” so as “to make men happy” and provide the total “community of worship” that they avidly seek. In the modern secular age, this means worship of the state religion, which in the Western democracies incorporates the doctrine of submission to the masters of the system of public subsidy, private profit, called free enterprise. The people must be kept in ignorance, reduced to jingoist incantations, for their own good. And like the Grand Inquisitor, who employs the forces of miracle, mystery, and authority “to conquer and hold captive for ever the conscience of these impotent rebels for their happiness” and to deny them the freedom of choice they so fear and despise, so the “cool observers” must create the “necessary illusions” and “emotionally potent oversimplifications” that keep the ignorant and stupid masses disciplined and content.
Subhajit Ganguly, Poems of Darkness|Yet, the man never goes slow! Feted against all the odds.How? Nobody knows.Undeterred, unabated, yet uncharted he goes...
Debra Anastasia|If they’d caused you pain, I’d never have been able to live with myself,” he said as he backed up a step.“You might want to find another place to sit. Those idiots could cook up a plan for revenge.” “I can’t leave.” Green Eyes took a huge breath. “This is the only place where I get to see you.” He looked like a man who’d just bet his entire fortune and laid his cards on the table.
John Legend|Growing up in India, I knew all I needed to change the world was one good opportunity, and I prepared myself for it. When that opportunity came - in the form of the chance to earn an engineering degree - I was ready.
Brom, The Child Thief|Demon or not, it didn't matter, suffering was everywhere he looked.
Jules Verne, Journey to the Center of the Earth|In the meantime, there is not an hour to lose. I am about to visit the public library.
J.A. Baker, The Peregrine|I have always longed to be part of the outward life, to be out there at the edge of things, to let the human taint wash away in emptiness and silence as the fox sloughs his smell into the cold unworldliness of water; to return to town a stranger. Wandering flushes a glory that fades with arrival.
Ravi Subramanian|I internalize a lot of thoughts, and sometimes it seems like I'm not listening or totally zoned out, but I'm always on a loop of ideas and song titles. I'm definitely kind of a space cadet, but I'm very laid back.
John Ruskin, The Works of John Ruskin:  Library Edition.  39 vols.|To be taught to read—what is the use of that, if you know not whether what you read is false or true? To be taught to write or to speak—but what is the use of speaking, if you have nothing to say? To be taught to think—nay, what is the use of being able to think, if you have nothing to think of? But to be taught to see is to gain word and thought at once, and both true.
Roland Barthes|No matter how sophisticated the camera, the photographer is still the one that makes it.
Paulo Coelho|No one lights a lamp in order to hide it behind the door: the purpose of light is to create more light, to open people's eyes, to reveal the marvels around.
Allan Dare Pearce, Hitler Burns Detroit|Racism, Dr. Sam. I worry for my kids about racism. Racism doesn't appear to take holidays or time off. What can I do about this stuff?
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|While Dmitri, as the leader of Raphael’s Seven, could not accept such a weakness, the mortal he’d once been, the one who had loved a woman with a wide mouth and eyes of slanted brown . . . that man understood what it was to love so deeply it was a kind of beautiful madness.
Nona Sebastian|When all the kids answered "fireman", "dentist", "mother", "want to marry a rich guy" and "astronaut", mine was "rockstar" when we grow up. Half of that was met. I knew I wouldn't be happy with any other occupation that was not in the entertainment business.
Maximus Freeman|It doesn't matter if the group is a church or a gang or a sewing circle or masculinity itself, asking members to dislike, disown, or distance themselves from another group of people as a condition of 'belonging' is always about control and power. I think we have to question the intentions of any group that insists on disdain toward other people as a membership requirement. It may be disguised as belonging, but real belonging doesn't necessitate disdain.
William Shakespeare|O God, that I were a man! I would eat his heart in the marketplace.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Why can't you place a blessing like that on us?" I asked."It only works on wild animals.""So it would only affect Percy," Annabeth reasoned."Hey!" I protested.
Kate Aaron, Four Chances: A Short Story Quartet|Christ, they’d be getting a cat next. He mentally recoiled from the idea: the day they did that, he’d cut off his dick and call himself a lesbian.
Jodi Picoult, Between the Lines|I sigh. “But if you’d talked to Jules—if she could hear you . . .” My voice trails off.“Then you wouldn’t feel quite so crazy?” Oliver asks gently. “Can’t you believe in me, if I believe in you?
Don Winslow, A Cool Breeze on the Underground|The frequent hearing of my mistress readingthe bible--for she often read aloud when herhusband was absent--soon awakened mycuriosity in respect to this mystery of reading,and roused in me the desire to learn. Having nofear of my kind mistress before my eyes, (shehad given me no reason to fear,) I frankly askedher to teach me to read; and without hesitation,the dear woman began the task, and very soon,by her assistance, I was master of the alphabet,and could spell words of three or fourletters...Master Hugh was amazed at thesimplicity of his spouse, and, probably for thefirst time, he unfolded to her the true philosophyof slavery, and the peculiar rules necessary tobe observed by masters and mistresses, in themanagement of their human chattels. Mr. Auldpromptly forbade the continuance of her[reading] instruction; telling her, in the firstplace, that the thing itself was unlawful; that itwas also unsafe, and could only lead to mischief.... Mrs. Auld evidently felt the force ofhis remarks; and, like an obedient wife, beganto shape her course in the direction indicated byher husband. The effect of his words, on me,was neither slight nor transitory. His ironsentences--cold and harsh--sunk deep into myheart, and stirred up not only my feelings into asort of rebellion, but awakened within me aslumbering train of vital thought. It was a newand special revelation, dispelling a painfulmystery, against which my youthfulunderstanding had struggled, and struggled invain, to wit: the white man's power to perpetuatethe enslavement of the black man. "Very well,"thought I; "knowledge unfits a child to be aslave." I instinctively assented to theproposition; and from that moment I understoodthe direct pathway from slavery to freedom. Thiswas just what I needed; and got it at a time, andfrom a source, whence I least expected it....Wise as Mr. Auld was, he evidently underratedmy comprehension, and had little idea of theuse to which I was capable of putting theimpressive lesson he was giving to his wife....That which he most loved I most hated; and thevery determination which he expressed to keepme in ignorance, only rendered me the moreresolute in seeking intelligence.
John Flanagan, Halt's Peril|And why would I be hiding from Master Chubb in his own kitchen?" Halt challenged. Again, Horace shrugged innocently. "Well, there was a tray of freshly made pies airing on the windowsill, wasn't there? And you're quite fond of pies, aren't you, Halt?" Halt drew himself up very straight in the saddle. "Are you accusing me of sneaking into that kitchen to steal the pies for myself? Is that it?" His voice and body language simply reeked of injured dignity."Of course not, Halt!" Horace hurried to assure him, and Halt's stiff-shouldered form relaxed a little."I just thought I'd give you the opportunity to confess," Horace added.
Alan W. Watts|Flow with whatever may happen, and let your mind be free: Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When passion dies, reasons dwindle
Colleen Hoover, Never Never: Part Three|Okay, so how does this work exactly?" I ask as we walk toward his car. "Do we float down the bayou in rowboat while little critters sing 'Kiss the Girl'.
Norman Cousins|I found the experience of falling in love or being in love was a death: a death of everything. You kind of watch yourself die in a wonderful way, and you experience for the briefest moment - if you see yourself for a moment through their eyes - everything you believed about yourself gone. In a death-and-rebirth sense.
Habib Sadeghi, Within|How you react to the issue, IS the issue.
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|If personal space is vital to creativity, so is freedom from "peer pressure".
Frank Bruni|Part of living in a free society is accepting that no idea is beyond being challenged or ridiculed, and that nothing is more stifling to free expression than being afraid to upset or offend.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Schopenhauer as Educator|I wanted to belong, like everyone else around me did, but there was no country I could say was mine. I had no one to tell me that many other people in the world have a fragmented identity; that it doesn’t matter. That who we are as a person is what’s important.
Jaye Frances, The Possibilities of Amy|Ryan had read half his book, listened to all his music, eaten two packets of biscuits and an apple, played seventy-two games of Donkey Kong, completing all the levels, and counted every Italian sports car they’d passed in the last hundred miles. Twenty-four hours of groggy sticky travel, twenty-four hours stuck in this overheated tin can on wheels, and he finally knew what it was like to be utterly and unendingly bored. He propped an elbow on the car window frame and stuck his arm out of the opening. Combing his hand through the slipstream, he let the cool air tickle his fingers as he watched the countryside stream past.
Rona Simmons, The Martyr's Brother|Collective violence has flowed regularly out of the central political processes of western countries... The oppressed have struck in the name of justice, the privileged in the name of order, the in-between in the name of fear.
Sylvia Plath, Ariel|Nick and the CandlestickI am a miner. The light burns blue. Waxy stalactitesDrip and thicken, tearsThe earthen wombExudes from its dead boredom. Black bat airsWrap me, raggy shawls, Cold homicides.They weld to me like plums.Old cave of calcium Icicles, old echoer.Even the newts are white,Those holy Joes.And the fish, the fish ----Christ! they are panes of ice,A vice of knives, A piranha Religion, drinkingIts first communion out of my live toes. The candleGulps and recovers its small altitude,Its yellows hearten.O love, how did you get here? O embryoRemembering, even in sleep, Your crossed position. The blood blooms cleanIn you, ruby. The painYou wake to is not yours.Love, love,I have hung our cave with roses, With soft rugs ----The last of Victoriana. Let the starsPlummet to their dark address,Let the mercuric Atoms that cripple drip Into the terrible well,You are the oneSolid the spaces lean on, envious. You are the baby in the barn.
Brima Lamin & Chantale Wesley-Lamin, The Walk - Memoir of a Liberian Civil War Survivor, 2016|We were all pawns easily discarded at the whims of monsters, some of whom were younger than me.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The slow arrow of beauty. The most noble kind of beauty is that which does not carry us away suddenly, whose attacks are not violent or intoxicating (this kind easily awakens disgust), but rather the kind of beauty which infiltrates slowly, which we carry along with us almost unnoticed, and meet up with again in dreams; finally, after it has for a long time lain modestly in our heart, it takes complete possession of us, filling our eyes with tears, our hearts with longing. What do we long for when we see beauty? To be beautiful. We think much happiness must be connected with it. But that is an error.
Arthur Miller, All My Sons|You deal with me very frankly, and I thank you for it,' said I. 'I will try on my side to be no less honest. I believe these deep duties may lie upon your lordship; I believe you may have laid them on your conscience when you took the oaths of the high office which you hold. But for me, who am just a plain man--or scarce a man yet--the plain duties must suffice. I can think but of two things, of a poor soul in the immediate and unjust danger of a shameful death, and of the cries and tears of his wife that still tingle in my head. I cannot see beyond, my lord. It's the way I am made. If the country has to fall, it has to fall. And I pray God, if this is wilful blindness, that He may enlighten me before too late.
Corey Aaron Burkes, Scratch - with Audio Theater and Links|If you start most of your sentences with 'Why Can't', 'Why Not', or 'What if', you'll build a stronger imagination.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|In a universe of ambiguity, this kind of certainty comes only once, and never again, no matter how many lifetimes you live.
Benjamin Suulola|The trouble with science geeks, as you call them, is that hey put discovery before anything else. It was a science geek who discovered the atom bomb. He didn't intend to cause mass murder, but he did nonetheless.
Merle Shain, When Lovers Are Friends|Power breeds resentment and withers the slow-growing plant that is trust, and people who use it to capture others not only fail to make friends but often end up captives themselves. And perhaps what is sadder still is that when you control other people you take away all that there might be in a real encounter with them and replace it with your fears. And while you might get gratitude for a while, or guilt and tears, you won't get what they had to offer if you'd let them give you what was really in their hearts.
Daniele Lanzarotta|He kissed and held her like it was the last time, but then again, he always did that, because there had always been that possibility of him losing her.
Lady Gaga|They made it to the middle class, my dad working as a bartender and my mother as a cashier and a maid. I didn't inherit any money from them. But I inherited something far better - the real opportunity to accomplish my dreams.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Spirituality is like a thin-thin thread, that if delicately followed guides us from darkness to light; from poverty to abundance and from destruction to safety.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|This is what we call love. When you are loved, you can do anything in creation. When you are loved, there's no need at all to understand what's happening, because everything happens within you.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|There is no such thing as 'God given scripture', 'the messenger of God' or 'the Last Prophet'.
Jonathan Safran Foer|Why are you leaving me?He wrote, I do not know how to live.I do not know either but I am trying.I do not know how to try.There were some things I wanted to tell him. But I knew they would hurt him. So i buried them and let them hurt me
Melissa  Jennings, Afterlife|When Paxton was a teenager, her friends had even envied her relationship with her mother. Everyone knew that neither Paxton nor Sophia scheduled anything on Sunday afternoons, because that was popcorn-and-pedicures time, when mother and daughter sat in the family room and watched sappy movies and tried out beauty products. And Paxton could remember her mother carrying dresses she'd ordered into her bedroom, almost invisible behind tiers of taffeta, as they'd planned for formal dances. She'd loved helping Paxton pick out what to wear. And her mother had exquisite taste. Paxton could still remember dresses her mother wore more than twenty-five years ago. Imprinted in her memory were shiny blue ones, sparkly white ones, wispy rose-colored ones.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Now it is such a bizarrely improbable coincidence that anything so mind-bogglingly useful could have evolved purely by chance that some thinkers have chosen to see it as the final and clinching proof of the non-existence of God.The argument goes something like this: "I refuse to prove that I exist,'" says God, "for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing.""But," says Man, "The Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it? It could not have evolved by chance. It proves you exist, and so therefore, by your own arguments, you don't. QED.""Oh dear," says God, "I hadn't thought of that," and promptly vanishes in a puff of logic."Oh, that was easy," says Man, and for an encore goes on to prove that black is white and gets himself killed on the next zebra crossing.
Veronica Rossi, Through the Ever Night|He’d pushed it back, where he’d kept the thought for weeks, but it wouldn’t stay. Wouldn’t stop. Wouldn’t let him go.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|I can’t help you, I can only guide you, and you are the one who can help yourself.
Sterling Knight|I don't storyboard. I guess it dates back to my days in live television, where there was no possibility of storyboarding and everything was shot right on the spot - on the air, as we say - at the moment we were transmitting. I prefer to be open to what the actors do, how they interact to the given situation.
Stuart J. Scesney|In my eyes, all readers are my father and mother. You may see a boy, with all of his body and heart bared, resplendently smiling to mom, and that boy is me.
Laurie Perez, Breakthrough: How to Have Compassion for Those Who Do Harm|A common mistake people make is assuming compassion requires some kind of action they’re not ready to take. In other words, if I feel compassion for this dangerous, havoc-wreaking person (or for my tedious co-workers, the guy who cut me off in traffic, my abusive parents, that politician, etc.) then I’ll have to drop everything I’m into and go hug and try to heal or help...or...do something I don’t know how to do. Not so. Compassion begins within; the compassion you have for yourself will guide you to act or detach with regard for your own well-being.
Grace Willows|Oh honey, someday a real man is going to make you see stars and you won't even be looking at the sky." Excerpt from Grace Willow's Last Minute Bride
Jacob Whitesides|If you're a Christian you don't sit there and worry about what somebody else is doing, if they're happy and they're committed in a relationship.
Orison Swett Marden|There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow.
Russel Honore|One secret of leadership is that the mind of a leader never turns off. Leaders even when they are sightseers or spectators, are active; not passive observers.
Nicholas Bella, Embraced|How much blunter can I be, Sehun? After tonight, it should be pretty obvious.”“What should be pretty obvious?”“Don’t play coy.”“Kai—”“I want you, Sehun. How many times should I tell you that?” he cupped Sehun’s cheek, staring into his eyes. “And I’d go through every bit of what I went through tonight again if it were for you.
David Walliams, Mr Stink|In Britain, a cup of tea is the answer to every problem.Fallen off your bicycle? Nice cup of tea.Your house has been destroyed by a meteorite? Nice cup of tea and a biscuit.Your entire family has been eaten by a Tyrannosaurus Rex that has travelled through a space/time portal? Nice cup of tea and a piece of cake. Possibly a savoury option would be welcome here too, for example a Scotch egg or a sausage roll.
Anna Quindlen|Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian.
Bruce Bueno de Mesquita|With power comes the abuse of power. And where there are bosses, there are crazy bosses. It's nothing new.
Jennifer E. Smith|It's just one more thing she hadn't considered, and as the idea of it settles over her, she realizes again how entwined their lives are. They're like two trees whose branches have grown together. Even if you pull them out by the trunks, they're still going to be twisted and tangled and nearly impossible to separate at the roots.
Jess Walter, The Financial Lives of the Poets|Evan no longer tells people I fight bad guys for a living. When asked, he tells his friends that his dad talks on the phone a lot and vacuums on occasion.
Debasish Mridha|It’s just you, Little Monster. Own it or it will own you.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|God himself culminates in the present moment, and will never be more divine in the lapse of all the ages.
Bill Glass|Like many others who have gone into prisons and jails with us, Chuck and Carol Middlekauff demonstrate what our ministry is all about. We train Christian ‘teammates’ to share the good news and love of Christ with ‘the least of these’ so they can continue to do it with others they encounter as they go along. In this book, Carol has written the stories of some of those encounters so you can appreciate how easy it is to tell people about Jesus. It happens when you realize God does all the work, and all you have to do is show up. I hope you will be encouraged by reading the book and then join us soon for a Weekend of Champions to find out for yourself.”Bill Glass, retired NFL all-pro defensive end, evangelist, founder of Bill Glass Champions for Life prison ministries, and author of numerous books, including The Healing Power of a Father’s Blessing and Blitzed by Blessings
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I am sifting my memories, the way men pan the dirt under a barroom floor for the bits of gold dust that fall between the cracks. It's small mining-- small mining. You're too young a man to be panning memories, Adam. You should be getting yourself some new ones, so that the mining will be richer when you come to age.
Daína Chaviano, The Island of Eternal Love|A certain wise man once said that God didn't play dice with the universe, but that man was wrong. Sometimes I think He must even try Russian roulette. 
Seamus Heaney|I think it's often assumed that the role of poetry is to comfort, but for me, poetry is the great unsettler. It questions the established order of the mind. It is radical, by which I don't mean that it is either leftwing or rightwing, but that it works at the roots of thinking.
Dan Jenkins|You numb yourself so you're not terrified when you're on TV at 7 o'clock in the morning with Justin Bieber, who you just met a couple of days before, having to perform in front of millions of people.
Robert Muchamore, The Killing|Partly James was jealous because he was a virgin, but mostly it just felt really weird being in a room with two people who'd spent the night having sex. It reminded him of the feeling you get when you pull a hair off your tongue and realise it's not one of your own.
Sonia Gandhi|I never let politics get personal. You can have the most intense, heated debate on issues, and so long as you keep it on issues, you can go out and have coffee afterwards and you're good friends.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|One conclusion is becoming more and more evident: The primary focus of any manager should be to energize people, to make sure that they actually want to do all that stuff. And doing all that stuff requires motivation.
Margaret Walker|When I was about eight, I decided that the most wonderful thing, next to a human being, was a book.
Analiza Micheal|I'd say the depths of his stupidity have yet to be plumbed, and yours is comin' up fast on the inside turn.
Bernard Jan|It is so simple: the choices we make in our everyday lives, the things we do (or not) for others, define the world we live in.
Julia Child, My Life in France|In the blood-heat of pursuing the enemy, many people are forgetting what we are fighting for. We are fighting for our hard-won liberty and freedom; for our Constitution and the due processes of our laws; and for the right to differ in ideas, religion and politics. I am convinced that in your zeal to fight against our enemies, you, too, have forgotten what you are fighting for.
Françoise Gilot, Life with Picasso|As truly as God by His power oncecreated, so truly by that same power must God every moment maintain.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.
Louis ck|Life isn't something you possess, it's something you take part in.
A.L. Haddix, Eliza's Masters  |Shall I pour for you madam?” he asks. It is an appropriate question and yet he makes it sound like a scorching proposal…“Mmmm, please,” is all I manage in reply.I watch him filling the crystal flutes one at a time. He is meticulous and seems to deliberately take a long time to complete the job. The room is silent – except, it seems, for the sounds of my excited breathing. “Is there anything else I can do to help you enjoy your stay?” he probes, raising one dark eyebrow ever so slightly...
Julie Halpern, The F- It List|She blew more smoke toward me, a lazy game of cancer catch.
Dean Koontz, Star Quest / Doom of the Green Planet|But when there's no hope to be found anywhere, even the tiniest chance is worth taking.
anounymous|Life has it woes so learn to be on your toes, be alert.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible teaches that you are an immortal soul. Your soul is eternal and will live forever . . . the real you—the part of you that thinks, feels, dreams, aspires; the ego, the personality—will never die . . . your soul will live forever in one of two places—heaven or hell.
C. JoyBell C.|You've got this life and while you've got it, you'd better kiss like you only have one moment, try to hold someone's hand like you will never get another chance to, look into people's eyes like they're the last you'll ever see, watch someone sleeping like there's no time left, jump if you feel like jumping, run if you feel like running, play music in your head when there is none, and eat cake like it's the only one left in the world!
Erich Segal, Love Story|You will find her manners beyond anything I can describe; and your wit and vivacity, I think, must be acceptable to her, especially when tempered with the silence and respect which her rank will inevitably excite.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|I'm afraid I've already found my Ever After, Hort," said Sophie."What? With who?" Hort asked, aghast."On my own," she said, her voice sure and clear. "I'm happy on my own."And for the first time, she knew it was true.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Physical well-being necessitates listening to what you already know, and then taking it seriously enough to act accordingly. When you wake up and feel the impulse to arch your back, stretch and exhale with a loud sigh, for God’s sake, do it.
Jason Mraz|Frustration and Love can’t exist in the same place at the same time, so get real and start doing what you would rather be doing in life. Love your life. All of it. Even the heavy shit that happened to you when you were 8. All of it was and IS perfect.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The sums of money collected in hoards lie there idle, waiting for the moment when commerce needs them for maintaining the stability of the objective exchange-value of money; and all those sums of money, that might threaten this stability when the demand for money decreases, flow back out of circulation into these hoards to slumber quietly until they are called forth again. This tacitly assumes ll the fundamental correctness of the arguments of the Quantity Theory, but asserts that there is nevertheless a principle inherent in the economic system that always prevents the working out of the processes that the Quantity Theory describes.In the first place, it must be recognized that from the economic point of view there is no such thing as money lying idle. All money, whether in reserves or literally in circulation (i.e. in process of changing hands at the very moment under consideration), is devoted in exactly the same way to the performance of a monetary function. The stock of money of the community is the sum of the stocks of individuals; there is no such thing as errant money.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|I need coffee to deal with this, and I’m not getting decaf.
Amit Kalantri|God has created you, not your future.
Neo Shamon|Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you everything else. It's up to you to be happy with what you have or not.
Avina Celeste|To become the best possible you, you must not only work on improving yourself but on improving others as well. You learn to help yourself when you learn how others need help. We are all just human and are more similar to each other than we might admit. Where others struggle you may struggle too and by seeing their problems from a different perspective you can help find the solutions that you both need.
Marilynne Robinson, Lila|Death is, in fact, oddly pleasant, and certainly an improvement on what comes immediately before it.
Ron Lewis|I never did any training in journalism or in finance, so I really was in the deep end. I got very good at going to press conferences and nodding. I'd figure it out when I got back to the office. Charts and numbers. I've never been great with facts, ever, my whole life. For a journalist, that's not a very good trait.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Your good friends can write a book on you; but Your best friends can create an embarrassing full fledged 3 hours movie on you, with silliest jingles and animation made ever.
Sadhguruuru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|I say, "it seemed to me," for from the depths of my past childhood, there now awoke in me the glimmerings of a thousand lost sensations. The fact that I was once more aware of my senses enabled me to give them a half fearful recognition. Yes; my reawakened senses now remembered a whole ancient history of their own— recomposed for themselves a vanished past. They were alive! Alive! They had never ceased to live; they discovered that even during those early studious years they had been living their own latent, cunning life.
Nikki Glaser|When I was young, my favorite picture book was 'Fletcher and Zenobia,' written by Edward Gorey and illustrated by Victoria Chess. It's long out of print now, but its mix of macabre humor and 1960s psychedelia made it a perfect children's book for the times.
Lara Adrian, Taken by Midnight|You are on the side of angels. But even angels fall, sometimes. We all make mistakes; without them we would learn nothing.
David G. Chandler, A Guide to the Battlefields of Europe|No one would deny that all wars and battles are regrettable acts of human folly, causing unjustifiable agony and distress to combatants and non-combatants alike-but these considerations should not preclude their serious study, if only to avoid the mistakes of the past which make such tragedies inevitable.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|I love" is a door girls slam in their fathers' faces.
Frank Zappa, The Real Frank Zappa Book|The Ultimate Rule ought to be: 'If it sounds GOOD to you, it's bitchin'; if it sounds BAD to YOU, it's shitty. The more your musical experience, the easier it is to define for yourself what you like and what you don't like. American radio listeners, raised on a diet of _____ (fill in the blank), have experienced a musical universe so small they cannot begin to know what they like.
Jennifer Sodini|What seeks you when you are not seeking, is the universe's way of speaking to you without speaking.
Auliq Ice|It’s easy to get sidetracked with thoughts that involve much money and precious things, but before you launch into that mode, reason well.
Steeven Shaw|People who feel pain, that’s common. Someone who uses pain to create, this is an Artist.
John Green, Paper Towns|In a truly moral society, most of our current laws would not exist.
Billy Crystal|If you're a boxer, you have your trainer. As an actor, I have Ivana Chubbuck. She's my teacher as an actress and in this crazy thing called life.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|I am a great success, not because of what I have, but because, through service, I found enduring happiness.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God honored and blessed America as few nations in history. However, in recent years the nation has been moving away from its religious heritage.
Mary Jane Auch, One Plus One Equals Blue|Till the time u dont value urslf , the world wont take a step ahead ! Thinking matters !
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|I know that you're selfish, selfish beyond words, and I know that you haven't the nerve of a rabbit, I know you're a liar and a humbug, I know that you're utterly contemptible. And the tragic part is'--her face was on a sudden distraught with pain--'the tragic part is that notwithstanding I love you with all my heart.
Kaylin McFarren, Banished Threads|As Sloan approached the door, Paul Lyons lifted his eyes to watch her leave. He found himself wondering why after all these years they couldn’t manage to get along for a lousy twenty minutes. Perhaps it was the result of their inability to compromise—to give each other the benefit of the doubt. Or maybe they’d both simply lost the ability to trust another human being and believe anything good could come of this world.
Ayn al-Qazat Hamadani Persian Mystic|Once there was an elephant,Who tried to use the telephant-No! no! I mean an elephoneHe tried to use the telephone-(Dear me! I am not certain quiteThat even now I've got it right.)Howe'er it was, he got his trunkEntangled in the telephunk;The more he tried to get it free, The louder buzzed the telephee-(I fear I'd better drop the songOf elephop and telephong!)
Debolina Bhawal|Trust is the fuel to a relation, the more it is- the far the relation moves..
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|There are fears that are worth facing and there are fears that are not. You don't have to face all fears, only the ones that are relevant to you at that moment in time.
Domashita Romero, El Presidio Rides North|You are working up to Mr. Fantastic Fiction levels of Zombie Expert, which is like playing Guitar Hero on some level that actually melts the guitar controller, burning your fingers with searing hot plastic till you scream in pain. Only with words. And zombies.
Zac Brown|When you're true to who you are, amazing things happen.
Josh Billings|Marrying for love may be a bit risky, but it is so honest that God can't help but smile on it.
Debasish Mridha|Wealth is a byproduct of wealth-oriented education, ideas, and thoughts.
Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir|Mother's ways are higher than others, even when everyone rejects, mother accepts with her arms open and wide.
Debasish Mridha|When you fall in love, waves of joy fill your dreams and become your reality while your realities become your dreams.
Akhil   Sharma, Family Life|Some seeksolace inwhiskey,I drown mysorrowsin ink.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|When her daughter was frightened of a thunderstorm, the author pointed out the verse which declares the Heavens reveal the glory of God. When another storm occurred, her daughter ran to the window. "Mommy, God's really showing off today!
Filios Sazeides|Show them how to fly and they will shine upon the clear blue skies, show them where to fly and they will fly upon the skies
Brendan Cowell, How It Feels|I loved everything about her, and I didn't care how dark she got. If anything it was what I loved the most, the veil of pain that fell across her face most of the day, and all of the night.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan|I love waking up to Sunday morning pancakes. The whole process of making them, just out in the kitchen together making pancakes on a Sunday morning; that's an experience every girl should have.
Jaime Allison Parker, River at the World's Dawn|The sun will always rise, but we may never know
Alexander Pope|Takers believe in a zero-sum world, and they end up creating one where bosses, colleagues and clients don't trust them. Givers build deeper and broader relationships - people are rooting for them instead of gunning for them.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Democracies should be a delirium of choices - more options, not fewer; more avenues to travel, not fewer.
Megan Whalen Turner, The Queen of Attolia|I have walked a stair of swords,I have worn a coat of scars.I have vowed with hollow words,I have lied my way to the stars-Songs of Sapphique
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|Something tugged inside him. A flutter of unease.Do you sing? Those had been her first words to him, the day she had bought him. A band of nausea circled Arin’s throat, just as it had when she had asked him that question, in part for the same reason. She’d had no trace of an accent. She had spoken in perfect, natural, mother-taught Herrani.
Dennis Prager|In 2009, Hamas was relatively new to power. It had won elections just three years earlier and was flexing its newfound strength via a war with its old enemy, Israel, which it officially wants destroyed.
Kathy Acker, Eurydice in the Underworld|Every angel is terrifying.Through the darkness, they move silently...I will go down into death with you.I must go where I must goTo see what I must seeIn that place where no one knows...... This is where love is taking me.You have been leadingMe, angels, in and out of death.I have no idea who you are.Eurydice. Is she nothingOr is she your mirror?I don't know anymore.I am at war.Perhaps that which is given - Being human - Is too hard,And so it is love that brings us,To what cannot be born,To ourselves,And so we must change,Must descend, guided by love, into the unknown.Lovers disappear in each other.Do they disappear forever?Where do they go?
Martin McGuinness|As a young man on the streets of Derry, I saw Ian Paisley as an immortal opponent of everything to do with equality, justice, fairness, and respect for Irishness.
Jeremy Sisto|Deliberately seek opportunities for kindness, sympathy, and patience.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The actual lifespan of a thought is very short…unless you believe it, trust it, or take direction from it.. Then it can last a lifetime. Be choosy. Pick the ones with which to do this.
Walt Disney Company|Fantasy, if it's really convincing, can't become dated, for the simple reason that it represents a flight into a dimension that lies beyond the reach of time.
Bridget Zinn, Poison|Okay, that one's pretty good," Fred acknowledged, after she'd told him a particularly filthy joke. "But have you heard the one about the baker's wife?""No," Kyra said."Rumor has it, she married him for his buns." Fred burst out laughing.Kyra groaned. "Okay, that was just bad.
Andy Rooney|Do not make best friends with a melancholy sad soul. They always are heavily loaded, and you must bear half.
Neil Cross|Doing what has never been done before is intellectually seductive, whether or not we deem it practical.
Frank O'Hara, Lunch Poems|Mothers of America let your kids go to the movies! get them out of the house so they won't know what you're up to it's true that fresh air is good for the body but what about the soul that grows in darkness, embossed by silvery images and when you grow old as grow old you must they won't hate you
Courtney Milan, Talk Sweetly to Me|She looked like a woman talking about astronomical parallax, and that made her brilliantly beautiful.
Norah Lofts, Bless This House|I am trying now to be entirely honest. I did actually comfort in the thought that the Devil had, on Strawless Common, defeated God. I much preferred that thought to the thought that God hadn't cared, hadn't helped Robin. I thought all the way back to the story of Eden. God, all-loving, all-wise, had surely wanted people to be happy and healthy and good; it was the Devil who spoiled it all...and since so many people were miserable and sickly and bad the Devil must indeed by very powerful. The lifeless, voiceless thing, lately a singing boy, which they had cut down and put under a sack in the barn to await an unhallowed cross-road grave seemed to me to prove the power of the Devil."Lady Alice Rowhedge
Suzan-Lori Parks|Finding some quiet time in your life, I think, is hugely important.
William Kingdon Clifford, Lectures and Essays by the Late William Kingdon Clifford, F.R.S.|The aim of scientific thought, then, is to apply past experience to new circumstances; the instrument is an observed uniformity in the course of events. By the use of this instrument it gives us information transcending our experience, it enables us to infer things that we have not seen from things that we have seen; and the evidence for the truth of that information depends on our supposing that the uniformity holds good beyond our experience.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|I loved him even now, as he took a knife to my throat, as I drowned in blood, as I whispered "Cousin, you were wrong. We were born to live.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The word decease literally means “exodus” or “going out.” The imagery is that of the children of Israel leaving Egypt and their former life of bondage, slavery, and hardship for the Promised Land. So death to the Christian is an exodus from the limitations, the burdens, and the bondage of this life.
Ralph Marston|A lot of people put pressure on themselves and think it will be way too hard for them to live out their dreams. Mentors are there to say, 'Look, it's not that tough. It's not as hard as you think. Here are some guidelines and things I have gone through to get to where I am in my career.'
Jennifer Egan, The Keep|All that love, all that pain, all the stuff people feel – not just me and you, brother, but everyone, everyone who's ever walked this beautiful green planet – how can all that disappear when somebody dies? It can't disappear, it's too big. Too strong, too... permanent. So it moves to another frequency, where the human ear can't pick up.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|She used to think that if she stole enough, the want would fade, the hunger would go away, but maybe it wasn’t that simple. Maybe it wasn’t a matter of what she didn’t have, of what she wasn’t, but what she was.
Clare De Graaf, The 10-Second Rule: Following Jesus Made Simple|The goal of our lives should be nothing less that becoming so familiar with the "mind of Christ" that we could write Jesus' speeches.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|And now tell me, why is it that you use me words "good people" all the time? Do you call everyone that, or what?- Everyone, - the prisoner replied. - There are no evil people in the world.(- А теперь скажи мне, что это ты все время употребляешь слова добрыелюди"? Ты всех, что ли, так называешь?- Всех, - ответил арестант, - злых людей нет на свете.)
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Nothing is forever, be it a good time or a bad time; nothing stays the same. Leaves change, seasons change, and so do people. And when people change, our relationships change with that.
Susan J. Douglas|If you want to be treated like a mother, act like one.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|Like Aurelia, he is a lover of humanity in all its quirks and foibles, quick to delight and slow to judge.
Eddie Izzard|They say that 'Guns don't kill people, people kill people.' Well I think the gun helps. If you just stood there and yelled BANG, I don't think you'd kill too many people.
James     Valentine, The Valentine Constitution for The United States of America|Puzzle pieces, people and their gifts seek to fit instay true to yourself; don't cram or trim.
joseph fink, jeffrey cranor|Jackie.''Mm.''Thank you for keeping me company in my nightmare.'Jackie grinned at her,'Nah, it's our nightmare now.
Martha Grover, The End of My Career|I ask my father to read an article about male entitlement and emotional labor."Can you just tell me what it says?" he says.
Lee Bice-Matheson, Destiny's Gate|Christmas is the spark within our hearts that ignites as each day grows closer and burns brightly with the promise of compassion, love and generosity of spirit.
Ed Wood|If you have a dream, give it a chance to happen.
Steve House, Beyond the Mountain|The truth is that, just as in the other imitative arts one imitation is always of one thing, so in poetry the story, as an imitation of action, must represent one action, a complete whole, with its several incidents so closely connected that the transposal or withdrawal of any one of them will disjoin and dislocate the whole. For that which makes no perceptible difference by its presence or absence is no real part of the whole.
Kamand Kojouri|With you, I am. Without you, I am not.
Mensah Oteh|The success equation is complete only when achievement, fulfilment and lifestyle are present.
Jordan Castillo Price, Camp Hell|I suggest you stand slowly and walk out with my men,” Zrakovi said, tapping a napkin against his lying, two-faced mouth and putting a twenty on the table to cover the drinks. “If you make a scene, innocent humans will be injured. I have a Blue Congress cleanup team in place, however, so if you want to fight in public and damage a few humans, knock yourself out. It will only add to your list of crimes.” I stood slowly, gritting my teeth when Squirrel Chin patted me down while feeling me up and making it look like a romantic moment. He’d been so busy feeling the naughty bits that he missed both Charlie, sitting in my bag next to my foot, and the dagger attached to my inner forearm.Idiot. Alex would never have been so sloppy. If Alex had patted me down, he’d have found not only the weapons but also the portable magic kit. From the corner of my eye, I saw a tourist taking mobile phone shots of us. He’d no doubt email them to all his friends back home with stories of those crazy New Orleanians and their public displays of affection. I considered pretending to faint, but I was too badly outnumbered for it to work. Like my friend JeanLafitte, whose help I could use about now, I didn’t want to try something unless it had a reasonable chance at succeeding. I also didn’t want to pull Charlie out and risk humans getting hurt. “Walk out the door onto Chartres and turn straight toward the cathedral.” Zrakovi pulled his jacket aside enough for me to see a shoulder holster. I hadn’t even known the man could hold a gun, although for all I knew about guns it could be a water pistol. The walk to the cathedral transport was three very long city blocks. My best escape opportunity would be near Jackson Square. When the muscular goons tried to turn me left toward the cathedral, I’d try to break and run right toward the river, where I could get lost among the wharves and docks long enough to draw and power a transport. Of course in order to run, I’d have to get away from the clinch of Dreadlocks and Squirrel Chin. Charlie could take care of that. I slipped the messenger bag over my head slowly, and not even Zrakovi noticed the stick of wood protruding from the top by a couple of inches.Not to be redundant, but . . . idiots.None of us spoke as we proceeded down Chartres Street, where, to our south, the clouds continued to build. The wind had grown stronger and drier. The hurricane was sucking all the humidity out of the air, all the better to gain intensity. I hoped Zrakovi, a Bostonian, would enjoy his first storm. I hoped a live oak landed on his head.
Dhaval Gajera|Whatever it is that you want to do, do it today because you can handle the pain of trying hard now but you won’t be able to handle the pain of regret later.
Ursula Vernon|Grandma Harken was sharpening her garden shears. Her hands slowed on the file and she said finally, “He’ll get in trouble and he’ll figure it out. Best to do it without us standing over him. It’s the only way anybody ever learns to clean up after themselves.
Learned Hand|Since the dawn of time, traditional marriage - the union between one man and one woman - has been the building block of civilization, and at no point in our nation's history has that foundation been under more severe attack than now.
The Review Review|This is new territory; a bridge between the conservative and conventional lit mag tradition and those colourful speculation-driven pamphlets that you find in stacks by the coffee-shop door, full of zombies and vampires and crashing space ships. This is a serious journal with a wide aesthetic.
Anushka Sharma|Could we change our attitude, we should not only see life differently, but life itself would come to be different.
Building 429|Your job is to abide in my pastureEating sweet grass and drinking pure water,And sharing both with others—That is a lamb’s business.
Vikki Wakefield, All I Ever Wanted|She's pretty in a familiar kind of way that I forget to notice, until someone else notices and I'm reminded.
Nick Hahn|Indeed, there is something in this valley, some spirit and some life, and much to talk about in the huts. Although nothing has come yet, something is here already.
Francis Bacon|Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|A creative person is one who has insight, who can see things nobody else has ever seen before, who hears things that nobody has heard before—then there is creativity.
Karldon Okruta, Kaz|if you don't believe,nothing ever happens at all.
Karen Hawkins, Sleepless in Scotland|Tis a sad day when ye ha' t' pinch yerself t' see if ye're awake or in th' midst o' a night terror. 'Tis a really sad day when ye have t' pinch yerself twice."Old woman Nora to her three wee granddaughters on a cold winter's night
Roger Caillois|Dreams are deformed reflections of ourselves - less stable and more ungraspable than we are, upon which we in our turn assume the right to reflect upon and to determine.
Buzz Aldrin|Absolutely the United States should lead in space, for the survival of the United States. It's inspiring for the next generation. If we lose leadership, then we'll be using Chinese capability to inspire Americans.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|[N]ow we have a clearer idea what this story is all about: The world was made for man, and man was made to rule it.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|that as long as we are being remembered, we remain alive.
Warren Buffett|In all natural disasters through time, man needs to attach meaning to tragedy, no matter how random and inexplicable the event is.
Ranata Suzuki|When we’re young, we think that Love and Hate live on opposite sides of the street from one another; But as we get older we realise they’re actually next door neighbours with paper thin walls.
C.S. Lewis, God in the Dock: Essays on Theology and Ethics|For my own part, I tend to find the doctrinal books often more helpful in devotion than the devotional books, and I rather suspect that the same experience may await others. I believe that many who find that ‘nothing happens’ when they sit down, or kneel down, to a book of devotion, would find that the heart sings unbidden while they are working their way through a tough bit of theology with a pipe in their teeth and a pencil in their hand.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|If we cannot accept the importance of the world, which considers itself important, if in the midst of that world our laughter finds no echo, we have but one choice: to take the world as a whole and make it the object of our game; to turn it into a toy
Michelle Hodkin, The Evolution of Mara Dyer|But, the thing about guilt is, no one can take away for you; you have to unpack it yourself.
Jeanette Coron|    The only one in the valley who was working was Mooney Wright.    Harrison leaned over and kneaded his hands roughly. He was wary of Mooney. Mooney was a strong one, not subject to weakness at all. He had done only one grievous act, in Harrison's mind. He had taken Lorry and the boys from him.    For a man to be jealous of his daughter was a damnable thing, Harrison thought, though he realized he had been jealous of Lorry for years. It was to her that he had let his heart go out, yes, back when she was a small thing.
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|I canna let you die like Da,” he said softly.	“And yet ye canna let me live,” she replied.
Bikash  Chaurasiya|I remember the stink of corruption. It had a kind of sweetness to it, a sweetness that'd make you want to hurl.
Melissa Cutler, Seduction Under Fire|She hit the button again, holding her breath this time until she heard it.Soft, sibilant, as insubstantial as the breaths that came before: Shannon. The voice whispered Shannon. The blood rushed out of her head. Her heart knocked hard in her chest. Her knees buckled and she grabbed the counter to keep from falling. She was starting to hyperventilate, had to calm it down before she was taken by a full-blown panic attack. Paper bag. Think. Think! Drawer below the silverware, next to the sink. Over the nose and mouth. Breathe slowly, slowly.Holding the bag against her face, Shane slid to the floor with her back against the cabinets, legs splayed, lungs heaving. It couldn’t be him. It couldn’t be Jordan. Jordan was dead.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|The pervasive digitalization or IT consumerism requires the balance of “old experience” and “new way to do things,” the “learning and doing.
C.S. Lewis, The Personal Heresy: A Controversy|To see things as the poet sees them I must share his consciousness and not attend to it; I must look where he looks and not turn round to face him; I must make of him not a spectacle but a pair of spectacles; in fine, as Professor Alexander would say, I must enjoy him and not contemplate him.
Richard N. Bolles|There is a vast world of work out there in this country, where at least 111 million people are employed in this country alone--many of whom are bored out of their minds. All day long. Not for nothing is their motto TGIF -- 'Thank God It's Friday.' They live for the weekends, when they can go do what they really want to do.
Anthony T. Hincks|Don't take anything for granted because chances are it won't be here tomorrow or for that matter, neither may you.Live for the moment and celebrate what life has given you and what you can give it in return.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With God, there is no burden beyond the strength of endurance.
Jane Yolen, Snow in Summer|The truth reveals itself in the most innocent of ways. You can lie and deceive, attempt to bury that which you wish to remain unseen. Yet the truth flourishes, rising from it's prison to stand tall for all to see.
Ashley Greene|The feel of the sticky wetness down there when she moved made her grimace. God, she wanted to get cleaned up. In a hurry.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|We were girls in plaid skirts, loud and obnoxious, driving with the windows down. Capable students, nailing honor roll every year, despite our reputation. We were good kissers, decent dancers, fast with our hands. Desperate and dangerous. A little loose, sure. But desirable. Everyone knew. We were the girls who thought we were nothing if not this: a force, a flame, a million nerve ends electric with appetite and not afraid.
Allen Ginsberg|So he said, 'What would you like to do? What is your desire really?' I said, 'Doctor, I don't think you're going to find this very healthy and clear, but I really would like to stop working forever–never work again, never do anything like the kind of work I’m doing now–and do nothing but write poetry and have leisure to spend the day outdoors and go to museums and see friends.
George Lakoff, Philosophy in the Flesh: The Embodied Mind and its Challenge to Western Thought|Since a leader cannot rise above his thinking, he must assault his limiting beliefs daily thru reading, listening & associating.
Jay Woodman, Riding the Escalator and Terra Affirmative|In the forestlichen writhes and assembles itself into signs to light my path through the deep dark north shadow; and I emerge at last onto a hillside strewn with logogrammatic stones, and scramble away from spruce tops." in the poem "Beyond the Beacon" from Terra Affirmative.
Jim Rash|In high school, sometimes you just can't help who you have a crush on and who you fall for! If you fall for one of your friend's exes, for example, it's really all about communication and telling your friend. Hiding it is never a good thing.
Nynke Visser|You need to experience fear in order to be capable of Universal love. If you can’t acknowledge fear, you can’t change it.
John Piper|God is not looking for people to work for him, so much as he is looking for people ho will let him work for them. The gospel is not a Help Wanted ad. Neither is the call to to Christian service. On the contrary, the gospel commands us to give up and hang out a Help Wanted sign (this is the basic meaning of prayer). Then the gospel promises that God will work for us if we do. He will not surrender the glory of being the Giver.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Resist men who tell you your dreams are impossible; embrace those who, even though they do not believe in them, encourage you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You may use a thousand words for a single lie, but the  truth has no twin.
Thomas Merton|There is pride, too, though - pride that he has done it alone. That his daughter is so curious, so resilient. There is the humility of being a father to someone so powerful, as if he were only a narrow conduit for another, greater thing. That's how it feels right now, he thinks, kneeling beside her, rinsing her hair: as though his love for his daughter will outstrip the limits of his body. The walls could fall away, even the whole city, and the brightness of that feeling would not wane.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|Profoundly moved, he kissed the lax waiting mouth with exquisite unhappiness.
Sonali Deraniyagala|There must be some atom of our life hidden here, lingering in this quiet somewhere.
Susan C. Young|Are you happy with how you’ve chosen to spend your time? We’ve all got the same 24 hours in a day, yet how you choose to prioritize it will make or break your outcomes. When you reprioritize your life by what brings you the most joy and fulfillment, life is rewarding beyond measure.
Bill Budge|Put off thy cares with thy clothes; so shall thy rest strengthen thy labor, and so thy labor sweeten thy rest.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Bigotry hurts the economy, so the next time you want to blame minorities for your problems, first take a look in the mirror.
Bob Marley|Don't give up the fight,Stand up for your rights.
Mark Beauregard, The Whale: A Love Story|She was the death of me,the beginning and the end.And I never understood her,for how could someoneSo beautiful be the causeof so much destructionafter all.
siphesihle manzini|you are not a failure , belive that you can do what people think you can not do ,
J.L. Sheppard, Demon King's Desire|She smiled, content in knowing no one had ever loved her as much as Lucas, and now she knew why. Because no one could love her more, or better, than the demon king.
Eraldo Banovac|Be patient in life, knowing that there is a real possibility that the desired outcome could happen without your direct involvement.
Tecumseh|Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them!
Amanda Seyfried|It's really amazing that in the age of unbelief, as a smart man called it, there isn't even more fraud. After all, with no God, there's no one to ever call you to account, and no accounting at all if you can get away with it.
Vera Nazarian|Q: Why do I love thee, O Night?A: Because you know I will never answer.
Gugu Mona|After all you didn't answer "Why?", why you close and reject it... "Not Interested", doesn't sound like a reason, does it?
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|I hold my finger up to his lips. He flicks his eyes down to look at it."You're absolved," I tell him.He brings his eyes back up to mine. There's no fucking way he knows what that word means. That's a word I dream someone will say to me.So I put it in his language. "You're free.
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Intellectual freedom depends upon material things. (...) Women have had less intellectual freedom than the sons of Athenian slaves. Women, then, have not had a dog's chance of writing poetry. That is why I have laid so much stress on money and a room of one's own
Adele Devine, Colour Coding for Learners with Autism: A Resource Book for Creating Meaning through Colour at Home and School|Children with autism are colourful - they are often very beautiful and, like the rainbow, they stand out.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|The island is ours. Here, in some way, we are young forever.
Jonah Goldberg|Years later, my wife, Ilusion, woke me up to the realization that you can't just "dump" your whole species simply because you've had a few bad encounters with some of its members. ... Intimacy's a greater goal to seek. ...That true knowledge of intimacy within our own species will allow us to pass it along to interspecies relations.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|When someone in vulnerability tells you everything they’ve known has fallen apart, the correct response is not to quote scripture, the correct response is not biblical apologetics, the correct response is a hug. The correct response is to say, I love you. They have to encounter an impossible love. It’s the only way the gospel comes to life.
William S. Burroughs|Here you will meet singular side-whiskers, tucked with extraordinary and amazing art under the necktie, velvety whiskers, satiny whiskers, black as sable or coal, but, alas, belonging only to the foreign office. Providence has denied black side-whiskers to those serving in other departments; they, however great the unpleasantness, must wear red ones. Here you will meet wondrous mustaches, which no pen or brush is able to portray; mustaches to which the better part of a lifetime is devoted––object of long vigils by day and by night; mustaches on which exquisite perfumes and scents have been poured, and which have been anointed with all the most rare and precious sorts of pomades, mustaches which are wrapped overnight in fine vellum, mustaches which are subject to the most touching affection of their possessors and are the envy of passers-by. A thousand kinds of hats, dresses, shawls––gay-colored, ethereal, for which their owners' affection sometimes lasts a whole two days––will bedazzle anyone on Nevsky Prospect.
Ben Affleck|Overhead will eat you alive if not constantly viewed as a parasite to be exterminated. Never mind the bleating of those you employ. Hold out until mutiny is imminent before employing even a single additional member of staff. More startups are wrecked by overstaffing than by any other cause, bar failure to monitor cash flow.
Kusum Manjeshri, Lovers Journey: Only For Passionate Lovers.|Don't say I'm alone, this makes us depressed. loneliness are the moments when we can know more about ourselves. loneliness are the moments when we are only in God's company. Just feel it and enjoy these moments.
Kate Griffin, Stray Souls|You with the tentacles, you're nicked!
Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka|I read. The more you read, the more the world opens up to you... and the happier you are and more comforted you feel. It's up to you. No you is educated who cannot educate himself.
Gustav Fechner|But you don’t really mean to say that you couldn’t love me if my name wasn’t Ernest?GWENDOLEN: But your name is Ernest.JACK: Yes, I know it is. But supposing it was something else? Do you mean to say you couldn’t love me
D.R. Silva|When “doctrinal integrity” (a term usually defined by those using it) trumps kindness and grace, faith has wandered out of bounds. Anything claiming to be truth that does not lead to compassion for our neighbors cannot rightfully be called the truth.
Chris Evans|Common sense would suggest that having ability, like being smart, inspires confidence. It does, but only while the going is easy. The deciding factor in life is how you handle setbacks and challenges. People with a growth mindset welcome setbacks with open arms.
E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel|You found us, and then lied to us so you could get a job?
Lailah Gifty Akita|You must not only exist in the world, live life.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|Genius is play, and man's capacity for achieving genius is infinite, and many may achieve genius only through play.
Marty Bisson milo|I was thinking about stabbing myself in the face—not actually considering stabbing myself in the face, but thinking that it would be a physical expression of how I felt.
Carol K. Carr, India Black|He may be incensed, said Dizzy. I've never doubted the old parson's faith, but it has no place in politics. Good God, just imagine if each man allowed himself to be swayed by moral compunctions; we'd never get a damned thing accomplished in Parliament.
Hermann Hesse|We are not afraid to entrust the American people with unpleasant facts, foreign ideas, alien philosophies, and competitive values. For a nation that is afraid to let its people judge the truth and falsehood in an open market is a nation that is afraid of its people.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Author's Blueprint|When you're writing, don't forget to keep your favorite audience in mind--you.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|I hated cats. I was a dog lover," Des says with a shrug. "What's the point of a cat? They're not affectionate. But that's because it's not my cat. I mean, your wife wouldn't jump on my lap. That's because she's your wife, not mine. Until you have your own cat, you really don't understand.
Kyoko M., The Holy Dark|Being human was a lot more difficult than it looked. Demon was easy. Demon was simple. Human was…terrifying." Muse
Lynn Abbey|Some computers have security software that make it impossible to hack into, and it's the same with brains - some malfunction, and some, you can't hack into them at all.
Thomas Tryon, Lady|It is not easy to learn much about love, but one thing I discovered, that Lady Harleigh taught me: it is not whom you love that is important, but only that we love.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|The biggest surprise-- and it came as a great revalation-- was understanding that whatever happens, no matter how catastrophic or wonderful, it's just another patch. There are times when something special happens: a marriage, graduation, or the birth of a child. There's no denying it's a glorious patch. It might even be a red patch-- the one that pulls the whole quilt together. But I couldn't stop repeating, "It's just another patch.
Akshay Vasu|He started hammering the ground with all his might and the sky opened up, raining heavily on him. He looked at the sky, heard that thunder and saw that lightning. He laughed maniacally before raising the hammer again.
Kenneth H. Blanchard, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|He hadn’t asked to become a leader, but did that absolve him of responsibility? People needed him. The world needed him. And, with an understanding that cooled in him like molten rock forming into a shape, he realized that he wanted to lead. If someone had to be lord of these people, he wanted to do it himself. Because doing it yourself was the only way to see that it was done right.
Fakeer Ishavardas|My partner and I were going to renew our vowels, but the consonants revolted.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The eye is diverted from the real business, it is caught by the spectacular action that means nothing--nothing at all.
Jason Mraz|It's easier to write from my own life, and it's also more fun. I always write about relationships, for instance, whether they're romantic relationships, friendships, encounters... there's always a lesson to be learned from them.
Osyp Nazaruk, Roxelana|One of the strangest things about living in the world is that it is only now and then one is quite sure one is going to live for ever and ever and ever. One knows it sometimes when one gets up at the tender, solemn dawn-time and goes out and stands alone and throws one's head far back and looks up and up and watches the pale sky slowly changing and flushing and marvelous unknown things happening until the East almost makes one cry out and one's heart stands still at the strange, unchanging majesty of the rising of the sun - which has been happening every morning for thousands and thousands of years. One knows it then for a moment or so. And one knows it sometimes when one stands by oneself in a wood at sunset and the mysterious deep gold stillness slanting through and under the branches seems to be saying slowly again and again something one cannot quite hear, however much one tries. Then sometimes the immense quiet of the dark blue at night with millions of stars waiting and watching makes one sure; and sometimes a sound of far-off music makes it true; and sometimes a look in someone's eyes.
Marietta Holley, Samantha at the World's Fair|And then I sez—‘How is anybody a-goin’ to live pattern lives, when they are a-starvin' to death? And how is anybody a-goin’ to enjoy religion when they are a-chokin’?
Nadun Lokuliyanage|who gets the rare opportunity of spotting a treasure of memories lying among masses, stepping back to stroke it with a secret smile as your mind wanders back to those sleepless yet ecstatic nights you had spent together?only............a book lover.
Unknown|There was a man who loved the moon, but whenever he tried to embrace her, she broke into a thousand pieces and left him drenched, with empty arms.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Heroes make us smile because they not only rescue us outwardly, but inwardly too.
Ada Limon, Bright Dead Things|What I didn't like was how people talked to menow that I was no longer single; they were nicer.Men who never looked at me would start up a conversation,like I was suddenly some safer form of fire.
Onyi Anyado|Entrepreneur, the development of your daily discipline will determine then deliver your desired distinction.
Buchi Emecheta, Second Class Citizen|Adah could not stop thinking about her discovery that the whites were just as fallible as everyone else. There were bad whites and good whites, just as there were bad blacks and good blacks! Why then did they claim to be superior?
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|To regret the exchange of earthly pleasures for the joys of Heaven, is as if the grovelling caterpillar should lament that it must one day quit the nibbled leaf to soar aloft and flutter through the air, roving at will from flower to flower, sipping sweet honey from their cups, or basking in their sunny petals. If these little creatures knew how great a change awaited them, no doubt they would regret it; but would not all such sorrow be misplaced?
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|There were those few, and there will be more, who really liked people, loved people—all people. They were the human torches setting aflame the hearts of men so that they passionately fought for the rights of their fellow men, all men. They were hated, feared, and branded as radicals . They wore the epithet of radical as a badge of honor. They fought for the right of men to govern themselves, for the right of men to walk erect as free men and not grovel before kings, for the Bill of Rights, for the abolition of slavery, for public education, and for everything decent and worth while. They loved men and fought for them. Their neighbor’s misery was their misery. They acted as they believed.
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|To demand that a person pee in a cup whenever you wish him to, without a documented reason to suspect that he has been using an illegal drug, is intolerable in our republic. You are saying to him, "I wonder if you are not behaving in a way that I approve of. Convince me that you indeed are.Outrageous.Intolerable.
Markham Shaw Pyle|Hideo," said my mother, in the terrifying way women have of passing without interval from one subject to another because they have them all present in their mind at once, "you haven't found any kind of relationship?
Elizabeth Cadell|You'll be happy if you'll remember that men don't change much. Women do. Women adapt themselves, and if you think that means they lose their individuality, you're wrong. Show me a happy marriage and I'll show you a clever woman.
Jimmy Webb, Tunesmith: Inside the Art of Songwriting|Let's realise that criticisms are like homing pigeons. They always return home. Let's realise that the person we are going to correct and condemn will probably justify himself o herself, and condemn us in return.
Charles Edward Stoll|Once machines performed all the servile functions formerly performed by the lower classes, the population immediately achieved equality, ending over ten thousand years of class systems.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I see a vision, its the vision of tomorrow,no force can stop it from manifesting, not even the sun nor the moon.
Abhijit Naskar|The craving for security has conditioned the society to perceive education not as an endeavor of the mind, rather as a preprogrammed task created by some sophisticated, illusory structure known as the “system of education”. Education means breaking free from the manacles of limitations put forward by primitive ignorance. Yet today’s fake education is gloriously founded upon the primordial element of “limitation”. And the authorities of this so-called education often take pride in their ship shape structure where they manufacture dumb manikins.
Andrea Della Valle|You know my girls are so funny. You're out in the country and there are critters everywhere and they get a little like, 'Oh my God! Oh no, bugs!' and I had to say, 'Honey this is fine. This is their world and it's all part of being in the country.' I realized, 'Oh my God, my girls are really city girls.'
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, no word is being uselessly spoken.
Carla H. Krueger|First time I ever put pen to paper, I had one goal – to build something no one had ever thought of before.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 1: 1950-1952|Philosophers have hitherto interpreted the world in various way; the point, however, is to change it
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Why doesn't the pope convert to Calvinism? Why doesn't the Dalai Lama, convert to Christianity, why doesn't Billy Graham convert to Islam, Why doesn't the Ayatollahs convert to Buddhism, Why isn't Buddhism swept away? Religious leaders know that all religions are equal; they know that no one of them has the monopoly to the knowledge of God. They know that each religion is trying to find the hidden God and that no one religion can claim to have found him beyond doubt. That's why they remain where they are and respect each other.
Thomas C. Oden, A Change of Heart: A Personal and Theological Memoir|Thus there is need of deeper reflection. Before entering into an examination of individual texts, we must direct our attention to the whole picture, the question of structure. Only in this way can a meaningful arrangement of individual elements be obtained. Is there any place at all for something like Mariology in Holy Scripture, in the overall pattern of its faith and prayer? Methodologically, one can approach this question in one of two ways, backwards or forwards, so to speak: either one can read back from the New Testament into the Old or, conversely, feel one’s way slowly from the Old Testament into the New. Ideally both ways should coincide, permeating one another, in order to produce the most exact image possible. If one begins by reading backwards or, more precisely, from the end to the beginning, it becomes obvious that the image of Mary in the New Testament is woven entirely of Old Testament threads. In this reading, two or even three major strands of tradition can be clearly distinguished which were used to express the mystery of Mary. First, the portrait of Mary includes the likeness of the great mothers of the Old Testament: Sarah and especially Hannah, the mother of Samuel. Second, into that portrait is woven the whole theology of daughter Zion, in which, above all, the prophets announced the mystery of election and covenant, the mystery of God’s love for Israel. A third strand can perhaps be identified in the Gospel of John: the figure of Eve, the “woman” par excellence, is borrowed to interpret Mary.
Orrin Woodward|Ability to see the cultural value of wilderness boils down, in the last analysis, to a question of intellectual humility. The shallow-minded modern who has lost his rootage in the land assumes that he has already discovered what is important; it is such who prate of empires, political or economic, that will last a thousand years. It is only the scholar who appreciates that all history consists of successive excursions from a single starting-point, to which man returns again and again to organize yet another search for a durable scale of values. It is only the scholar who understands why the raw wilderness gives definition and meaning to the human enterprise.
Eric Schmidt|One of the big first computers was called SAGE, which was a missile defense, the first missile-defense computer, which was, like, one of the first computers in the history of the world which got sold to the Department of Defense for, I don't know, tens and tens of millions of dollars at the time.
Simone de Beauvoir|Vengeance is pointless, but certain men do not have a place in the world we sought to construct
Bill Bryson, One Summer: America, 1927|People who inspire such contradictory emotions must be worthwhile, I reasoned.
Trevor Dennis|When its the right time; it will happen - stop rushing! In my believes; this is the only idea to gather "tolerance" and ultimately it can lead to the final "P" of peace, that is PATIENCE!
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|My father was a better bricklayer than I am a theologian. I am still in too much of a hurry. But if the work I have done in theology is of any use, it is because of what I learned on the job, that is, you can lay only one brick at a time.
Clare Morgan, A Book for All and None|Forget the fountain of youth, pal of mine. You can live to be a thousand, and it won't matter. Mediocrities like you deserve immortality.
Tom Althouse|Wen I die, my money is not gonna come with me. My movies will live on for people to judge what I was as a person. I just want to stay curious and keep smiling like the joker
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I ruthlessly expend my time and my energies seeking many random things, none of which will bless me in the way that I suppose they will, for despite my frequently stubborn resistance to the thought, the single and sole blessing that I can be utterly confident in is found in seeking God alone.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|Heaven goes by favor. If it went by merit, you would stay out and your dog would go in.
Mercedes Lackey, Fortune's Fool|If I was crazy, would I know it? That's what being crazy was, wasn't it? You thought you were fine. Everyone else knew better.
Karen Ann Wirtz, A Game of Truths|Gee, I wonder who you could be referring to?" Owen said. "I mean you," Erebus said. "I just did not wish to be rude." "All you've been is rude." Owen muttered just under a whisper. "Some minds are more capable than others." Erebus smiled at Hugh.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|I admit to being prone to deep thinking, which – given that I’m emerging from dark times – can take me to some very sombre or profound places. But this is no bad thing. I always resurface wiser and with a way of viewing things that is different to before.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|In the darkness of the night while removing the long colourful gown that covers my nakedness, there is chill penetrating bare cells and the sky is as silent as ever. Another day has withered unto the lap of mighty earth, to make her heart fertile, to feed those lives sprouting and then again to raise up to the skies to kiss life! This home is not yours, nor this earth! A breeze that caresses the orphan longings of the senses, like that of the softest music – so is life, a passing breeze! All I own is this moment! O night, do you see stars blinking hidden amidst the darkest clouds? O life, can you inhale the fragrance of unborn flowers dancing wet in the rain? O life, do you hear a song from the farthest skies, a secret melody of silence that I cherish deep within?
Paul Wilson, The Little Book of Calm|Most people avoid thinking if they can, some of us are addicted to thinking, but Von Neumann actually enjoyed thinking, maybe even to the exclusion of everything else.
Kathy Kulig|Every touch ramped her desire higher and the carnal look in Chad's eyes was making swallowing difficult.By the time the waiter served their coffee, she was ready to throw him down on the table and ravish him in front of God and everybody.
Samuel Shem, The House of God|Back in our apartment, lights out, The Professor emerged from beneath the bed." - from "The Professor Spends the Night," in issue 4 of Literary Orphans
Jennifer Haigh, Faith|A large American automobile came crawling close to us, and we could hear from behind its thick windows the deep bass of the radio, and the nasty words of a hateful song.It seemed like so much of modern music, a din to drive human beings mad.
Julian Barnes|In an age of infinite digital documentation, paper was the last safe place for secrets.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Watch any plant or animal and let it teach you acceptance of what is, surrender to the Now.Let it teach you Being.Let it teach you integrity — which means to be one, to be yourself, to be real.Let it teach you how to live and how to die, and how not to make living and dying into a problem.
John D. MacDonald|In all emotional conflicts, the thing you find the most difficult to do, is the thing that you should do."--Meyer's Law
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|Keesha looked at me for a long time. "I did leave you alone. We all did. But you didn't get better. You didn't stop. You're still doin' all your weird shit. And I think it's time to stop.""You think it's time to stop!" I exploded, and lunged at her with my hands outstretched. I pushed her real hard. She almost fell down. "I don't care what time you think it is!" I screamed. "Do you think I want to do this! Do you think I like it?""You pushed me!""Yeah. So what?""You're so afraid of being interrupted that you pushed me!""I'm not scared of being interrupted, you jerk! I'm . . . I'm scared . . . I'm scared of being." I crumpled into a ball and sat down where I was standing. I sat on a crack. Unevenly."Who are you anymore, Tara?"Tears spilled over my frozen lashes and disappeared across my cheekbones. I had never felt so defeated. "I don't know.
Kailash Satyarthi|Peace, unity and harmony!
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I think what hurts the most is that I just really want to belong. I want to stand inside the circle of other people and be noticed for the right things, but it seems like the wrong things are always bigger. And all the advie I've ever read --smile more, be yourself, dream big, stay positive--seems to have some darker side that's never mentioned.
Deyth Banger|Podcast is a good choice, start watching such stuff.
Brandon J. Barnard, Haze|The society we have described can never grow into a reality or see the light of day, and there will be no end to the troubles of states, or indeed, my dear Glaucon, of humanity itself, till philosophers become rulers in this world, or till those we now call kings and rulers really and truly become philosophers, and political power and philosophy thus come into the same hands.” ― Plato, Plato's Republic
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you are angry, do not speak, but close your eyes. You can regain your inner peace with a word of prayer.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|As Ossie Jones crept out of his body and into the mist, his heart murmured till it was silent.
Joseph Fink|Remember what I give it's a part of the puzzle. What I give is a part of the lise, what I give is a lesson!
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha, Overcoming the Challenges of Life|Growth is never an event, it's a process.
Michael Moore|Administrators are there because of the fans and the cricketers to run this game, so credibility of a game, or a board, or even a government for that matter, is important irrespective of what you do. If you are in public life, it is important.
Geoffrey Rush|Do not meddle in the affairs of Wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|A woman isn't all that different from a bonfire. A fire's a beautiful thing, right? Something you can't take your eyes off, when it's burning. If you can keep it contained, it'll throw light and heat for you. It's only when it gets out of control that you have to go on the offensive.
Dr. Dragos, Engineering Success: The True Meaning of Leadership and Team Building|Social context and NOT individual abilities drives performance, success or failure of a team or a project.
Jamie Dornan|The human brain is a funny thing: it's very susceptible to tempo and melody. You put the right words to it, and it becomes very influential.
Amit Kalantri|Beginning in itself has no value, it is an end which makes beginning meaningful, we must end what we begun.
Nora Roberts|Family’s the luck of the draw, Lena. What you make of yourself, because of or despite it, that’s where the spine and heart come in.
Swami Chetanananda|Through our heart, we gain access to a psychological and emotional experience of abundance that, at times for me, is overwhelming it is so beautiful. There is beauty in each of us that is truly astonishing, a beauty that expresses itself on one level as abundance and on another level as endless healing, and finally a perspective that is so peaceful, so restful, that we can reside in it even in the face of this lunatic world that we live in.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Ask yourself...If I walk a tight rope,will I fall ,If I shake my balance of thought will it deter me and if I stay focused will I succeed?.~bns
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Beauty is irrelevant to human life, especially in a relationship. What you today perceive as beautiful and special, over time, becomes not so special. That’s how the human brain works. It is not beauty that keeps a relationship alive, it is attachment. Without attachment, a naked body is merely a lifeless sex toy.
H.W. Brands|In the heir's world, where everything was available, the unattainable had a wild allure.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|I don't claim to know everything, Wally. I only claim that everything can eventually be known.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Envy comes from people’s ignorance of, or lack of belief, in their own gifts.
Rajeev Shukla|Two places are ordained for man to dwell in after this life. While he is here, he may choose, by God's mercy, which he will; but once he is gone from here, he may not do so. For whichever he first goes to, whether he like it well or ill, there he must dwell forevermore. He shall never after change his dwelling, though he hates it ever so badly.
Langston Hughes, Selected Poems|Looks like what drives me crazyDon't have no effect on you--But I'm gonna keep on at itTill it drives you crazy, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Always grateful, forever blessed.
Steven Cuoco|What if..." is my philosophy. I won't say it's plays like a broken record, no, it plays like a I hit the continuous repeat button on a one song playlist. When I see people who are pained and stressed by the world their trapped in, I ask, "What if?" and create their story about why they're constantly rolling their eyes behind their spouses back, then paste a smile when needed. We weren't born to live a life of misery, don't ever believe it. That's just not how it is, it's never to late too find your voice. Dig deep, grasp it and roar.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Throughout the human history millions have died because of the kings and the queens, because of the presidents and the prime ministers, because of the Caesars and the duces, because of all these little charlatans with big ego!
Sherwood Smith, Crown Duel|Despite how entertaining certain stories were, at the bottom of every item of gossip there was someone getting hurt.
T. K. Decker|The claim 'God does not exist' is just as much a claim to know something as saying 'God does exist,' meaning the atheist needs just as much substantiation for his claim as the theist does for his.
Nyrae Dawn, Charade|A laugh jumps out of my mouth, surprising me. I can’t even remember the last time I laughed and it puts me on edge. I suddenly want to do the same thing to her. Let her see how it feels to teeter on that cliff.
Jenna Harte, Deadly Valentine|If I go to prison, will you arrange conjugal visits?
PrasannaNPK|The beauty of images lies behind things, the beauty of ideas in front of them.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|But I think we both knew, even then, that what we had was something even more rare, and even more meaningful. I was going to be his friend, and was going to show him possibilities. And he, in turn, would become someone I could trust more than myself.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|If you stay, I'll do whatever you want. I'll quit the band, go with you to New York. But if you need me to go away, I'll do that, too. I was talking to Liz and she said maybe coming back to your old life would be too painful, that maybe it'd be easier for you to erase us. And that would suck, but I'd do it. I can lose you like that if I don't lose you today. I'll let you go. If you stay.
Tom Clancy, Executive Orders|Painting is concerned with all the 10 attributes of sight; which are: Darkness and Light, Solidity and Color, Form and Position, Distance and Propinquity, Motion and Rest.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|It's a false premise to say that most monogamous people have chosen monogamy. Most people belong to the religion they were raised in...because that's what's familiar. That's the milieu they grew up in, and, for better or worse, they're just continuing the pattern. Until this traditionalist mindset is shaken loose, you would likely try from reflex to impose notions onto nonmonogamy that are not only untenable in the new context but spel sudden and messy doom even in situations that otherwise could be worked out.
Drew  Hayes, Forging Hephaestus|To put it as simply as possible, I ate a god.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Myrnin turned away to pick up his Ben Franklin spectacles, balanced them on his nose, and looked over them to say, "Don't do drugs. I feel I ought to say that.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Such is the influence which the condition of our own thoughts, exercises, even over the appearance of external objects. Men who look on nature, and their fellow-men, and cry that all is dark and gloomy, are in the right; but the sombre colours are reflections from their own jaundiced eyes and hearts. The real hues are delicate, and need a clearer vision.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|Wow,” Wesley said. We were lying in his bed only a few minutes after we’d finished, with a foot or more space between our bodies. “I definitely wasn’t expecting that.”God, he ruined everything when he talked. Annoyed, and still wading through the emotional repercussions, I sneered. “What? Ashamed that you screwed the Duff?”“No.” I was surprised by how serious he sounded. “I’m never ashamed of anyone I sleep with. Sex is a natural chemical reaction. It always happens for a reason. Who am I to dictate who experiences the joy of sharing my bed?” He didn’t see me roll my eyes as he continued. “No, I just meant that I’m shocked. I was honestly starting to believe that you hated me.”“I do hate you,” I assured him, kicking off the covers and moving to pick up my clothes.“You must not hate me too much,” Wesley said, rolling onto his elbow and watching me dress. “You did pretty much throw yourself at me. Generally, hatred doesn’t inspire that kind of passion.”I pulled on my T-shirt. “Believe me, Wesley, I definitely hate you. I was just using you. You use people all the time, so I’m sure you understand.” I buttoned my jeans and grabbed my alligator clip from the nightstand. “This was fun, but if you ever tell anyone, I swear I’ll castrate you.
Subcomandante Marcos|Ask for work. If they don't give you work, ask for bread. If they do not give you work or bread, then take bread.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|For the Earth itself is a blossom, she says,on the star tree,pale with luminousocean leaves.
C.S. Friedman, The Madness Season|Saying"I love you"is a major decision.
Amanda Fuller|My mom raised me to be clean, so it's in my nature. I have two little girls, and I'm married, but we've got a nanny and a maid.
Tom Stoppard, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead|For all the compasses in the world, there's only one direction, and time is its only measure.
Suzanne Brockmann, Bodyguard|When you sit that way, you look kind of like a beach ball with a head,” he continued. “Your haircut is really, really bad, I’m probably going to lose my job for helping you this way, and I’m dying to fuck you.” He glanced at her. “That honest enough for you?
Addy Pross, What is Life?: How chemistry becomes biology|... despite the profound advances in molecular biology oer the past half-century, we still do not understand what life is, how it relates to the inanimate world, and how it emerged.
Shannon L. Alder|I'm not going to force you into anything you don't want. But I'm also not going to take a vow of chastity and pine away for you, or whatever the hell it is that men do in romance novels these days. I have needs. I'd rather satisfy them with you, but if you don't want me I suppose I'll just have to find someone else. Might take me a while, but I'll make do. I always have before.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|All her life she had looked into dark; but this was a vaster darkness, this night on the ocean. There was no end to it. There was no roof. It went out beyond the stars.
Saminu Kanti|Naira is our currency, belong to our country and belong to the people. Buy made in Nigeria to grow the Naira to make it value.
Steve Maraboli|You can’t always have the full picture to everything in life, you'll only learn as you make more mistakes.
Jazz Feylynn|The strange word nymphomation, used to denote a complex mathematical procedure where numbers, rather than being added together or multiplied or whatever, were actually allowed to breed with each other to produce new numbers.
Maria Bamford|I came back to performing with a different attitude about performing and myself. I wasn't expecting perfection any more, just hoping for an occasional inspiration.
Tarun Sharma|Every single thing can change for the better, no matter however hard it is. Even a family in utter poverty can become prosperous in a couple of generations.
Muhammad Ali|Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
Michael S. Kimmel, Privilege: A Reader|Part of the racialized sexism wants everyone to think that a 15-year old Mexican is not a girl, she’s a woman. We know she’s a girl. We can never emphasize this enough, because this is the fate of colored girls globally right now: the denial of their girlhood, the denial of their childhood, and the constant state of risk and danger they are living in.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|There are many things the Chinese do differently from Westerners. There’s the question of extra credit, for example. One time, Lulu came home and told me about a math test she’d just taken. She said she thought it had gone extremely well, which is why she didn’t feel the need to do the extra-credit problems.I was speechless for a second, uncomprehending. “Why not?” I asked. “Why didn’t you do them?”“I didn’t want to miss recess.”A fundamental tenet of being Chinese is that you always do all of the extra credit all of the time.“Why?” asked Lulu, when I explained this to her.For me this was like asking why I should breathe.“None of my friends do it,” Lulu added.“That’s not true,” I said. “I’m 100% sure that Amy and Junno did the extra credit.” Amy and Junno were the Asian kids in Lulu’s class. And I was right about them; Lulu admitted it.“But Rashad and Ian did the extra credit too, and they’re not Asian,” she added.“Aha! So many of your friends did do the extra credit! And I didn’t say only Asians do extra credit. Anyone with good parents knows you have to do the extra credit. I’m in shock, Lulu. What will the teacher think of you? You went to recess instead of doing extra credit?” I was almost in tears. “Extra credit is not extra. It’s just credit. It’s what separates the good students from the bad students.""Aww - recess is so fun," Lulu offered as her final sally. But after that, Lulu, like Sophia. always did the extra credit. Sometimes the girls got more points on extra credit than on the test itself - an absurdity that would never happen in China. Extra credit is one reason that Asian kids get such notoriously good grades in the United States.Rote drilling is another. Once Sophia came in second on a multiplication speed test, which her fifth grade teacher administered every Friday. She lost to a Korean boy named Yoon-seok. Over the next week, I made Sophia do twenty practice tests (of 100 problems each) every night, with me clocking her with a stopwatch. After that, she came in first every time. Poor Yoon-seok. He went back to Korea with his family, but probably not because of the speed test.
Loretta Chase, Mr. Impossible|That is a horrid temptation to put before a man who is forbidden to make vigorous movements,” he said. “Is it really?” she said. “No wonder Miles did not approve. He looked daggers at me.” “Maybe his face froze that way,” Rupert said. “He was looking daggers at me a few hours ago. Do you think he suspects?” “I think he knows ,” she said. “I’m glad I don’t have a sister,” he said. “I should have to get over my aversion to killing people.” -Rupert and Daphne
P.D. James, The Murder Room|Everyone in a decadent society, Lorrain urges, is guilty. Everyone loves masking murder and everyone takes masochistic pleasure in the risk of discovery and punishment.
Duha Zanjabil|She affected me, even when she was absent.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|If, from time to time, you give up expectation, you will be able to perceive what it is you are getting.
Charles Fox|When people speak of great men, they think of men like Napoleon - men of violence. Rarely do they think of peaceful men. But contrast the reception they will receive when they return home from their battles. Napoleon will arrive in pomp and in power, a man who's achieved the very summit of earthly ambition. And yet his dreams will be haunted by the oppressions of war. William Wilberforce, however, will return to his family, lay his head on his pillow and remember: the slave trade is no more.
Debasish Mridha|In your trembling touch of love, I lost my past, present, and future.
Julia Glass|I've heard too many times where people say that I'm this ultra-serious guy. In truth, I've got an extremely absurd sense of humor. I thrive on the absurd - I love it.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|Here is the truth: The journey to achievement is not a destination, it is only a stop over to the next goal.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Twisted|I looked in the mirror and realized that I was already dead. I let you kill me one piece at a time, starting when I was, what? Eight years old? Nine? You killed yourself and then you came after us.
Robert Kennedy|Louis Braille created the code of raised dots for reading and writing that bears his name and brings literacy, independence, and productivity to the blind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With diligence, discipline and determination you can fulfill the dream.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|What a refreshing mind you have, young man. There really is nothing quite like total ignorance, is there?
Val Uchendu|Roses have thorns,’ we whine. When thorns of life entwine. Simple things can bring solace to heart-Things everyone take for granted-Like tending beds of fragile roses-with heart full of scars
Álvaro Bautista Arce|Fear? There is no fear when you ride a MotoGP bike. If there is fear, you don't enjoy it. And if you don't enjoy it, you'd better stay at home.
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|He would be able to create a scent that was not merely human, but super human, an angels scent, so indescribably good and vital that who ever smelt it would be enchanted and with his whole heart would have to love him.
Compton Gage|There shall be confusion also in many places, and the fire shall be oft sent out again, and the wild beasts shall change their places, and menstruate women shall bring forth monsters:
Edna Stewart, The Call of the Christmas Pecan Tree|For a scientist, this is a good way to live and die, maybe the ideal way for any of us - excitedly finding we were wrong and excitedly waiting for tomorrow to come so we can start over.
Rachel Renee, Instincts: Savannah PD Series, Detective Eliza Sheppard|What do I have to give to love, to feed it so that it grows lush and beautiful like you see in the movies? The happy ones, I mean.......I'm talking about the good love that some people get to have, the kind that nourishes the soul, helps it bloom in the springtime no matter how frigid the winter that precedes it. Everything I have broken or bent somehow, stained so bad that no amount of extra-strength detergent could rub it all out, no matter what the ad says. I have no money to offer to love, no wisdom or kindness. Inside me I have nothing but vast reserves of suspicion and heartache, a current that runs so deep and dark I feel its chill right to my core. And, as it turns out, this current never plays me false.
Norman G. Finkelstein, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|Conversion and zealotry, just like revelation and apostasy, are flip sides of the same coin, the currency of a political culture having more in common with religion than rational discourse.
R. Elizabeth Carpenter, First Kiss: The Widow Darcy Journals, Book 1|Paco, we are all so much more than our faults, aren’t we?
Erin Hunter, Night Whispers|Brambleclaw dipped his head. “The battle is won,” he growled. “The clearing is ours. Do you concede or shall we fight for it again?”Blackstar flashed a look of burning hatred over his shoulder. “Take it,” he hissed. “It was never worth the blood that has been spilled here today.
Yu-Mei Balasingamchow, Best New Singaporean Short Stories: Volume One|She remembered the way the damp, coarse sand had clumped to her legs and hands, and burrowed beneath her nails and into the folds of her clothes, and she had wondered why the British children in her storybooks were always excited about going to the beach—just as now she wondered why the light from the lighthouse seemed to be coming from the landward side of the expressway. “I thought a lighthouse is out at sea.
Marc Webb|Technology has not only changed the way people are able to view movies, it has changed the way our industry produces and advertises movies.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Rather than trying to control what can never be controlled, we can find a sense of security in being able to meet what is actually happening. This is allowing for the mystery of things: not judging but rather cultivating a balance of mind that can receive what is happening, whatever it is. This acceptance is the source of our safety and confidence.When we feel unhappiness or pain, it is not a sign that things have gone terribly wrong or that we have done something wrong by not being able to control the circumstances. Pain and pleasure are constantly coming and going, and yet we can be happy. When we allow for the mystery , sometimes we can discover that right in the heart of a very difficult time, right in the midst of a painful situation, there is freedom. In those moments when we realize how much we cannot control, we can learn to let go. As we begin to understand this, we move from a mode of struggling to control what comes into our lives into a mode of simply wishing to truly connect with what is. This is a radical shift in worldview.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded: A Novel|Coming up behind her, Westcliff settled his hands at her waist, easily dodging her attempts to throw him off. He pulled her hips back firmly against his and spoke against her ear. “Are you angry because I started making love to you, or because I didn’t finish?” Lillian licked her dry lips. “I’m angry, you bloody big hypocrite, because you can’t make up your mind about what to do with me.” She punctuated the comment with the hard jab of one elbow back against his ribs.” ~ Marcus and Lillian
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Last American Man|We tend not to look at the bigger picture of our lives and instead dwell on the small things that irritate us. When we focus on the bigger picture, those small things fade away.
Regina Sirois, On Little Wings|And you? What brings you here? I shrugged my shoulders. No idea? Hm, you’re still young. Eighteen? I froze. Nineteen? Twenty? Incredible, so young. You have everything before you. No past. He sighed. Incredible, to have been so young once myself. Although what does that mean? There is only one age for anyone. I was and am, will always be fifty-eight. But you. Be careful what age you end up. It sticks to you. It seals you shut. The age you choose is like glue, it sets around you. This wisdom is not mine, you know. I got it from a book. A movie. I’m not sure. You notice things. It’s incredible. Your whole life you notice things.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: The New King James Version|I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes: first for the Jew, then for the Gentile.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Strive through your adversities like a great football striker. Concentrate on the goal post and your ability to score a great goal. Let your attention be on your strength and your distinctive dexterity that can beat the strength and oppositions of your defenders and not the height, strength or boldness of the defenders.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are never to do anything of which we are not perfectly clear and certain. If you have a doubt about that particular thing that is bothering you, as to whether it is worldly or not, the best policy is “don’t do it.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Even when you’d lost everything you thought there was to lose, somebody came along and gave you something for free.
Ray Comfort, Hell's Best Kept Secret|I've spent a life-time attacking religious beliefs and have not wavered from a view of the universe that many would regard as bleak. Namely, that it is a meaningless place devoid of deity.However I'm unwilling simply to repeat the old arguments of the past when, in fact, God is a moving target and is taking all sorts of new shapes and forms. The arguments used against the long bow are not particularly useful when debating nuclear weapons, and the simple arguments against the old model gods are not sufficient when dealing with the likes of Davies et al.For example, the notion that God didn't exist, doesn't exist but may come into existence through the spread of consciousness throughout the universe is too clever to be pooh-poohed along Bertrand Russell lines. And if I had the time I could give you half a dozen other scientific theologies that will need snappier footwork from the atheist of the future.
Alfred Tennyson|I believe in roses. Oh God, yes! I do believe in roses! And I believe in lots and lots and lots of them, too!
Abbi Glines, Ceaseless|You don't need this prep but I'm going to give it to you anyway. I can tell, I don't know any of you that well, but I can see it in your faces that and some of you have faces that remind me of what my face looked like when I was younger. I see some of you young people out there and I remember how hard it is to be young. And I remember how hard it is to be rejected the first time when you're young. And so what I want you to do is close your eyes. And I can see you, so don't cheat me here. Close those eyes of yours. Put 'em, real tight. And I want you to imagine the first person who broke you heart. The first person that didn't like you back, the first person that said shitty stuff about you. The first person that dumped you. The first person that changed their phone number because you called them 62 times in one day. The first person that didn't know how good you were and they missed you, they passed you by. Imagine that person and then I want you to sing at the top of your fucking lungs. I want you to sing. I want to heal that with you right now. (sings): Look me in the eye and tell me you dont find me attractive.Look me in the heart and tell me that you wont go. Look me in the eye and promise no love is like our love look me in the heart and unbreak broken it wont happen.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|Literature does not occur in a vacuum. It cannot be a monologue. It has to be a conversation, and new people, new readers, need to be brought into the conversation too.
John Steinbeck|He thought himself awake when he was already asleep. He saw the stars above his face, whirling on their silent and sleepless axis, and the leaves of the trees rustling against them, and he heard small changes in the grass. These little noises of footsteps and soft-fringed wing-beats and stealthy bellies drawn over the grass blades or rattling against the bracken at first frightened or interested him, so that he moved to see what they were (but never saw), then soothed him, so that he no longer cared to see what they were but trusted them to be themselves, and finally left him altogether as he swam down deeper and deeper, nuzzling into the scented turf, into the warm ground, into the unending waters under the earth.
Jerrold Nadler|I think you kind of hope for people to gush over movies, but I think the opposite way is great sometimes, too. I'd rather have a movie that you're angry about and that you're talking about the next day, than something you forget about when the popcorn goes into the trash.
William Maxwell, Time Will Darken It|The world (including Drapervilleh is not a nice place, and the innocent and the young have to take their chances. They cannot be watched over, twenty-four hours of the day. At what moment, from what hiding-place, the idea of evil will strike, there is no telling. And when it does, the result is not always disastrous. Children have their own incalculable strength and weakness, and this, for all their seeming helplessness, will determine the pattern of their lives. Even when you suspect why they fall downstairs, you cannot be sure. You have no way of knowing whether their fright is permanent or can be healed by putting butter on the large lump that comes out on their foreheads after a fall.
Shannon L. Alder|Peace is not about who you can live with, but who you can't live without.
Douglas Coupland|We are all of us born with a letter inside us, and that only if we are true to ourselves, may we be allowed to read it before we die.
C. JoyBell C.|In the building of walls to protect ourselves— we have managed to keep ourselves from the best in this life. And so the line is drawn whether to live and to be broken and unbroken or to breathe but not live at all. Perhaps there is no such thing as brokenness, afterall. Perhaps it is all just called "living.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|When things get really bad, you take comfort in the placeness of a place.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|If you really want to stay the same age you are now forever and ever, she'd be thinking, try jumping off the roof: death's a sure-fire method for stopping time.
Debasish Mridha|Success is a process, but a failure is a forward step for success.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|It's more that I want to leap in and say certain things and do certain things, but I always seem to hold myself back. I think a big part of me is afraid.
D.S. Luca, The Happiness Prize: Common Truths That Lead to an Uncommon Life|Limitlessness is the emotion that sunny mornings evoke in me now. A new appreciation for the present moment, untainted by the past or unknown future.
Elle Macpherson|Let us face it, the U.N. has failed. It has failed in its mission to promote world peace.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Whatever your heart clings to and confides in, that is really your God, your functional savior. 
Thomas C. Oden, The Transforming Power of Grace|As a magnifying glass concentrates the rays of the sun into a little burning knot of heat that can set fire to a dry leaf or a piece of paper, so the mystery of Christ in the Gospel concentrates the rays of God's light and fire to a point to set fire to the human spirit.
Robin Schone, Gabriel's Woman|If you pull a rope and some duct tape out of those saddlebags, I’m going to freak.Jeana E. Mann. Intoxicated (Kindle Locations 746-747).
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|For men, as a rule, love is but an episode which takes place among the other affairs of the day, and the emphasis laid on it in novels gives it an importance which is untrue to life. There are few men to whom it is the most important thing in the world, and they are not the very interesting ones; even women, with whom the subject is of paramount interest, have a contempt for them.
Olga Grushin, The Line|We are all born artists. The nature generally doesn’t discriminate among newborns with respect to art. Yet most of us try very hard as we grow, without knowing, to stop being artists.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|You can use your tongue to slander, to gripe, to scold, to nag, and to quarrel; or you can bring it under the control of God’s Spirit and make it an instrument of blessing and praise.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|But all I really learned is that money is powerful enough to bend the rules. Rhiannon:0, Dad:1.
Irene Gonzalez Frei|[Research] suggests that what we think of as free will is largely an illusion: much of the time, we are simply operating on automatic pilot, and the way we think and act – and how well we think and act on the spur of the moment – are a lot more susceptible to outside influences than we realize.
Patrick Lencioni, The Five Dysfunctions of a Team: A Leadership Fable|Great teams do not hold back with one another. They are unafraid to air their dirty laundry. They admit their mistakes, their weaknesses, and their concerns without fear of reprisal.
David Levithan, Boy Meets Boy|It does not do to rely too much on silent majorities, Evey, for silence is a fragile thing, one loud noise, and its gone. But the people are so cowed and disorganised. A few might take the opportunity to protest, but it'll just be a voice crying in the wilderness. Noise is relative to the silence preceding it. The more absolute the hush, the more shocking the thunderclap. Our masters have not heard the people's voice for generations, Evey and it is much, much louder than they care to remember.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Love is a smoke rais'd with the fume of sighs; being purg'd, a fire sparkling in lovers' eyes; being vex'd, a sea nourish'd with lovers' tears; what is it else? A madness most discreet, a choking gall, and a preserving sweet.
Dave Morris|The genius idea of industrialism was the concept of the Model T: In exchange for something cheap and well-made, we'd forgo unique, lovely design.
George Gordon Byron|We are all the fools of time and terror: DaysSteal on us and steal from us; yet we live,Loathing our life, and dreading still to die.
Thomas More, Utopia|At the age of 46, forgetfulness & confusion had become a daily aspect of life.
Kelsey Brickl, Wolves and Urchins: The Early Life of Inspector Javert|Praying to the Almighty, Javert?” called a voice, and Javert opened his eyes to see Rousseau and Leclerc smirking at him. Javert tipped his head and said to the others,"If I was, it would be awfully rude to interrupt my prayer, don’t you think? But, no, Leclerc. I find no solace in speaking with an imaginary puppeteer.”Rousseau, who was twenty-five and utterly dim of mind, frowned at Javert’s words. Javert rolled his eyes and sighed,"I don’t pray.
David S.E. Zapanta, Posthumous|Can’t call ‘em zombies anymore,” sighed Manny. He seemed almost wistful. “Now we gotta be all politically correct. It’s like the Cold Wars never happened.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|We have shared the incommunicable experience of war, we have felt, we still feel, the passion of life to its top. In our youth our hearts were touched with fire.
Noam Chomsky|It doesn't matter if you're small, big, or fit: if you go in front of the camera and deliver and say, 'Oh my God, I look amazing,' and just be sure about yourself, everything will be perfect.
Nelson Mandela|There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge.
Alaa Al Aswany|There is no greater catalyst for change in a man than a woman. To love a woman is to become a new kind of man, in one direction or another. A woman holds sway over all. The right woman can assume command of your every part of your being, both body and soul. Her conquest will be total.
Sharon Biggs Waller, A Mad, Wicked Folly|A feminist is someone who believes in social, political, and economic equality of the sexes.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|To experience what isn't, love what is.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades of Grey|You've brushed your teeth," He says, staring at me."I used your toothbrush."His lips quirk up in a half smile. "Oh Anastasia Steele, what am I going to do with you?
Albert Besselaar|Regret, Joss. Regret does awful things to a person.
Jennifer Garner|I make bangers all the time, and I knew it was going to come. My mom probably used to think it wasn't going to happen. My daughter's mom thought it wasn't going to happen, and a couple of girlfriends. You just gotta keep on doing it. I'm living proof.
Shayla Black, Possess Me at Midnight|Cosette, in her seclusion, like Marius in his, was all ready to take fire. Destiny, with its mysterious and fatal patience, was slowly bringing these two beings near each other, fully charged and all languishing with the stormy electricities of passion,—these two souls which held love as two clouds hold lightning, and which were to meet and mingle in a glace like clouds in a flash.The power of a glance has been so much abused in love stories, that it has come to be disbelieved in. Few people dare now to say that two beings have fallen in love because they have looked at each other. Yet it is in this way that love begins, and in this way only. The rest is only the rest, and comes afterwards. Nothing is more real than these great shocks which two souls give each other in exchanging this spark.At that particular moment when Cosette unconsciously looked with this glance which so affected Marius, Marius had no suspicion that he also had a glance which affected Cosette.
Henry David Thoreau|If I wanted to do clothes or if I wanted to make a building or design a choreography, you are able to do that - they are all under a similar kind of design umbrella.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|I have two moods when I get drunk. The common mood is the lazy, happy-go-lucky guy. The uncommon mood is the frustrated, self-deprecating guy. That night was the latter.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Happiness is not to be achieved at the command of emotional whims. Happiness is not the satisfaction of whatever irrational wishes you might blindly attempt to indulge. Happiness is a state of non-contradictory joy—a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your own destruction, not the joy of escaping from your mind, but of using your mind's fullest power, not the joy of faking reality, but of achieving values that are real, not the joy of a drunkard, but of a producer. Happiness is possible only to a rational man, the man who desires nothing but rational goals, seeks nothing but rational values and finds his joy in nothing but rational actions.
Pierce Brosnan|As the Industrial Age is drawing to a close, I think that we're witnessing the dawn of the era of biological design.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|All striving comes from lack, from a dissatisfaction with one's condition, and is thus suffering as long as it is not satisfied; but no satisfaction is lasting; instead, it is only the beginning of a new striving. We see striving everywhere inhibited in many ways, struggling everywhere; and thus always suffering; there is no final goal of striving, and therefore no bounds or end to suffering.
Loren Mayshark, Death: An Exploration: Learning To Embrace Life's Most Feared Mystery|When we ponder the vastness of the universe and eternity, we are closer to understanding the role of death in the mysterious life we are all experiencing. Through these realizations, greater acceptance of the inevitability of death positions us to be happier in our lives. After my journey through these ideas I feel strongly that happiness and a deeper understanding of death are linked phenomena that offer a fuller existence.
Donna Grant, Dragon King|Dragon's treasure burning bright,In the darkness of this night.Once again it gives us lightAnd speaks to us of its might.Dragon's treasure burning brightOn this black and fateful night.Kings will never use its lightNor boast again of its might.Dragon's treasure burning brightSear this image in their sightRoyal sons much reach the heightTo rule with love, not with might.
Janet Elizabeth Henderson, Goody Two Shoes|He cleared his throat. “You need to pick a safe word.”“What on earth is a safe word?”He smothered a sigh. This was proving to be more work than he thought it’d be. “It’s a word you use when you want things to stop.”“How about I use the word ‘stop’?” She sounded sarcastic.“That’s not how it works. You need a word that you wouldn’t normally use during sex.”“Fine. How about ‘dumbass’?”“I don’t think you’re getting into the spirit of this.”“Really? You think?”“Fine. Dumbass it is.” There was no dealing with her when she was in this mood. “If you use your safe word, everything stops.”“Good.” She took a deep breath. “Dumbass,” she shouted.Andrew wasn’t sure what to do next. This was not going the way it did in the books.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|We read and reread the words of the original text in order to penetrate through them, to reach, to touch the vision or experience which prompted them. We then gather up what we have found there and take this quivering almost wordless 'thing' and place it behind the language into which it needs to be translated. And now the principal task is to persuade the host language to take in and welcome the 'thing' which is waiting to be articulated.
Dorothy B. Hughes, The Expendable Man|And how easy it is to recognize the revenant shapes that the old unchanging enemies—racism, leader worship, superstition—assume when they reappear amongst us (often bodyguarded by their new apologists).
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A salary is a tax employers pay, every four weeks, for putting an employee’s dream on hold.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Whatever happens this season happens for a reason. But one thing we are sure of is that all things work for us, not against us! Let it come whatever may; by the grace of God, we gonna be victorious!
Frank Dane|Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
Beatrix Potter|If I have done anything, even a little, to help small children enjoy honest, simple pleasures, I have done a bit of good.
Maya Angelou|Do you remember any instance where tyranny was destroyed and freedom established on its ruins, among a people possessing so small a share of virtue and public spirit? I recollect none, and this more than the British arms makes me fearful of final success, without a reform.
L.J. Smith, Dark Reunion|Elena gasped back, "I can touch the ground!""I can see you touching it!", Bonnie exclaimed with tears of joy.
Anton Zeilinger|Maybe knowledge is as fundamental, or even more fundamental than [material] reality.
Paul Tournier|Our hearts are not stones. A stone may disintegrate in time and lose its outward form. But hearts never disintegrate. They have no outward form, and whether good or evil, we can always communicate them to one another.
Bill Blais, No Good Deed|Do I at least get to keep the toothbrush?”“Sure. Unless you can get it back in that wrapper and seal it up all nice and new. Well, that’s what the last girl did. See,you can hardly tell it’s been opened!”--Reggie Sinclair from Angela's Coven
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|It’s not loving a man that makes life harder for gay guys, it’s homophobia. It’s not the color of their skin that makes life harder for people of color; it’s racism. It’s not having vaginas that makes life harder for women, it’s sexism. And it’s ageism, far more than the passage of time, that makes growing older harder for all of us.
Michael Scott, The Warlock|There is no such thing as magic. It is a word. A silly, foolish, overused word. There is only your aura...or the Chinese have a better word for it: qi. A life force. An energy. This is the energy that flows within you. It can be shaped, molded, directed.
Albert Einstein|If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.
George Santayana|God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Your True Home: The Everyday Wisdom of Thich Nhat Hanh: 365 days of practical, powerful teachings from the beloved Zen teacher|Whether we have happiness or not depends on the seeds in our consciousness. If our seeds of compassion, understanding, and love are strong, those qualities will be able to manifest in us. If the seeds of anger, hostility and sadness in us are strong, then we will experience much suffering. To understand someone, we have to be aware of the quality of the seeds in his consciousness. And we need to remember that his is not solely responsible for those seeds. His ancestors, parents, and society are co-responsible for the quality of the seeds in his consciousness. When we understand this, we are able to feel compassion for that person. With understanding and love, we will know how to water our own beautiful seeds and those of others, and we will recognize seeds of suffering and find ways to transform them.
David Joy, Where All Light Tends to Go|Secrets are like bullets. Ditto the dark, personal stuff. Folks say they'll take'em off yer hands, share the burden, but really they just load 'em into their own weapons so they can use 'em against you later.
Cassandra Clare|The funny thing about mundies," Jace said, to nobody in particular, "is how obsessed with magic they are for a bunch of people who don't even know what the word means."I know what it means," Clary snapped.No, you don't, you just think you do. Magic is a dark elemental force, not just a lot of sparkly wands and crystal balls and talking goldfish."I never said it was a lot of talking goldfish, you-"Jace waved a hand, cutting her off. "Just because you call an electric eel a rubber duck doesn't make it a rubber duck, does it? And God help the poor bastard who decides they want to take a bath with the duckie.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Always direct your emotions, desires, behaviour, and actions in the present so they are in alignment with what you want in your future.
Isaac Asimov|Yes, but does Maine have anything to SAY to Florida?
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Art is the process of evoking pity and terror, which is not abstract at all but very human. What the self-styled modern artists are doing is a sort of unemotional pseudointellectual masturbation . . . whereas creative art is more like intercourse, in which the artist must seduce -- render emotional -- his audience, each time.
Ana Claudia Antunes|A book can be a great friend, an advisor, a means to an end. A book reveals so much more than a movie would ever do. For example, when I watched the movie “The Hours” I was fascinated by the story. Just a year later I decided to read the book. And what was my surprise that I was even more dazzled by its writings than I was by the images… The images in my head were more vivid than the film could ever transport me to that feminine universe that the author was trying (and so successfully granted me) to conceive…
Maximillian Degenerez|Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace.
Jerhia|END is not the END, in fact, E.N.D means Effort Never Dies.
Andrew Solomon, The Noonday Demon: An Atlas of Depression|People with family histories of alcoholism tend to have lower levels of endorphins- the endogenous morphine that is responsible for many of our pleasure responses- than do people genetically disinclined to alcoholism. Alcohol will slightly raise the endorphin level of people without the genetic basis for alcoholism; it will dramatically raise the endorphin level of people with that genetic basis. Specialists spend a lot of time formulating exotic hypotheses to account for substance abuse. Most experts point out, strong motivations for avoiding drugs; but there are also strong motivations for taking them. People who claim not to understand why anyone would get addicted to drugs are usually people who haven't tried them or who are genetically fairly invulnerable to them.
Jim Jensen|If we truly believe that we are the righteousness of God through Jesus Christ, our actions would begin to reflect that belief.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites|All alone! Whether you like it or not, alone is something you'll be quite a lot!
C.S. Lewis|Sometimes it is hard not to say, 'God forgive God.' Sometimes it is hard to say so much. But if our faith is true, He didn't. He crucified Him.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|I mean, all I do here is do the work that my bosses tell me to do the way they tell me to do it. I don't have to think at all. It's like I just put my brain in a locker before I start work and pick it up on the way home. I spend seven hours a day at a workbench, planting hairs into wig bases, then I eat dinner in the cafeteria, take a bath, and of course I have to sleep, like everybody else, so out of a twenty-four-hour day, the amount of free time I have is like nothing. And because I'm so tired from work, the 'free time' I have I mostly spend lying around in a fog. I don't have any time to sit and think about anything. Of course, I don't have to work on the weekends, but then I have to do the laundry and cleaning I've let go, and sometimes I go into town, and before I know it the weekend is over. I once made up my mind to keep a diary, but I had nothing to write, so I quit after a week. I mean, I just do the same thing over and over again, day in, day out.
Janet Lane|Can you be serious for two words?""Not without effort.
Daniel Radosh, Rapture Ready!: Adventures in the Parallel Universe of Christian Pop Culture|To a Christian, the dastardly liberals are not so much villains as victims. It's not their fault they're possessed by demons. But if I felt a slight diminishing of hostility, I also saw any hope of mutual accommodation go up in a blast of sulfurous smoke...these days, much of what liberals really anguish about behind closed doors is how to find common ground with people of faith. And now I realized that for at least some people, common ground will never be possible because they don't object to specific ideas that can be reframed or adjusted. They object to Satan, whose bidding we are doing. They may not hate us - they may believe they love us - but they hate him, and they won't negotiate with him either. We want to persuade them, reason with them, listen to them, and accommodate them. They want to save us. It's not even the same playing field.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Forgiveness can be bittersweet. It contains the sweetness of the release of a story that has caused us pain, but also the poignant reminder that even our dearest relationships change over the course of a lifetime.
Shaun Chamberlin, The Transition Timeline: For a Local, Resilient Future|Ultimately, we all have to decide what our own life is for. I will die one day, and, whether my day is near or far, I choose to look back on my time and know that I walked through the doors that inspired me.
Joe Niemczura, The Sacrament of the Goddess|You bring fresh eyes, Matt. For us, something crazy may happen, and we all say 'Oh my' at the time, but the next week some new crazy thing happens that wipes the memory clean. And we go on to the next. La-di-da. I guess we just forgot about that other incident until now."- spoken by Sara, the missionary doctor, to Matt.(from The Sacrament of the Goddess, 2014)
Joshua Harris, Humble Orthodoxy: Holding the truth high without putting people down|Peace is a deeper reality than violence."p. 231
will.i.am|Behind every small business, there's a story worth knowing. All the corner shops in our towns and cities, the restaurants, cleaners, gyms, hair salons, hardware stores - these didn't come out of nowhere.
Hunter S. Thompson|It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not possession but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment.
Mira Bartok, The Memory Palace|I don't want to be the person who gasps in fear whenever she hears the sound of a doorbell or a phone. I just want to lose myself in these hills, in the river winding west to the city of bridges.
Kim Elizabeth|If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death.
Mehek Bassi|Language is a social energy, and our capacity for articulate speech is the key factor that makes us different from other species. We are not as fast as cheetahs – or even as horses. Nor are we as strong as bulls or as adaptable as bacteria. But our brains are equipped with the facility to produce and process speech, and we are capable of abstract thought. A bee may dance to show other bees the location of a source of food, a green monkey may deliver sophisticated vocal signals, and a sparrow may manage as many as thirteen different types of song, but an animal's system of communication has a limited repertoire; ours, on the other hand, is 'open', and its mechanisms permit a potentially infinite variety of utterances.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|It's not about what you're capable of, it's about what you are willing to endure.
Don Marquis|If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's read by persons who move their lips when they're reading to themselves.
Anihyr Moonstar|My father warned me that you’re an interloper. He told me I should make you leave, since we’re no longer married and you’re not my concern,” he says. The thought gives me a chill. Yes, I’m sure Vaughn would love for his son to abandon me, so that Vaughn can swoop in and reclaim me the second I’m alone. But Linden adds, “I told him that wouldn’t be a good idea either.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Take a discovery walk today to find what's missing in your life. There's peace in the whisper of the wind, hope in the sun smiling from behind clouds, strength in every step forward. You can do it!
Vikrmn, 10 Golden Steps of Life|Having someonewho listensis a great gift,but to be truly heardis a treasure.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|When the sense of the earth unites with the sense of one's body, one becomes earth of the earth, a plant among plants, an animal born from the soil and fertilizing it. In this union, the body is confirmed in its pantheism.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|You look at these mountains now, and they look so permanent and peaceful, but they're changing all the time and the changes aren't always peaceful. Underneath us, beneath us here right now, there are forces that can tear this whole mountain apart.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary|Extraordinary moments often involve a sense of connection, as well as communication, with something that we intuitively know goes well beyond this plane of reality.
Frank Auerbach|My main point here is that if you are the child of God and God is a part of you, the in your imagination God suppose to look like you. And when you accept a picture of the deity assigned to you by another people, you become the spiritual prisoners of that other people.
Nikki Sex, Abuse|Abuse? Ah. Such problems, even with time, do not go away on their own. They must be addressed. André Chevalier
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|There is nothing wrong with revenge. The wrong has already been done, or there would be no need to even the score.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I realize that it's not that difficult to remember what people like, especially when you care about them.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|In fact, even Tillich's socialism was accommodationist because it continued the Constantinian strategy: The way to make the church radical is by identifying the church with secular "radicals", that is, socialists.
Selena Gomez|I did not have a normal life. I'd be training when my sister would be at birthday parties and sleepovers. I finished high school by correspondence, basically working two full-time jobs. The last years were very, very tough. But I was willing to do that. It's all about sacrifice.
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|Bad habits were all a matter of perspective, and as long as the present was viewed through the lens of the past, anyone would say he was doing a spectacular job.
Sheila Jeffreys, Unpacking Queer Politics|The bonding of women that is woman-loving, or Gyn/affection, is very different from male bonding. Male bonding has been the glue of male dominance. It has been based upon recognition of the difference men see between themselves and women, and is a form of the behaviour, masculinity, that creates and maintains male power… Male comradeship/bonding depends upon energy drained from women.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Honesty and loyalty are key. If two people can be honest with each other about everything, that's probably the biggest key to success.
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred: Part 2 - The Beneath|Everyone wishes for a better life, and yet they want nothing to change.
Philip Connors, Fire Season: Field Notes from a Wilderness Lookout|Boredom is a flight from what is important. Like workaholism and perfectionism, it is a way of distracting yourself from inner experiences. It occurs when you look outward and do not find anything to engage your attention. Instead of feeling your emotions - becoming aware of the functioning of your energy system - you become bored. Boredom ... is a flight from your higher potential. It is fear of the transformation that wants to occur, and will occur in you, when you explore your emotions. It is your resistance to spiritual growth.
A.D. Posey|One day, your light will silence the darkness, and you will be surrounded by the beauty within.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|There you go, being human again,' said the Doctor. He put an arm around Rose, and hugged her to him. 'It's not fair, is it, when we're forced into pitying someone we hate. Feels like the world's turned topsy-turvy. But it's all right. You're still allowed to hate them. As long as you don't gloat at their downfall, that's all.
Shelly Thacker, His Forbidden Touch|Ah, does my princess now want what I offer?
Morrie Schwartz.|Once you learn how to diw, you learn how to live
W.H. Auden, Auden: Poems|I’m alone with the ghost of the swamp, somewhere near the weeping willows.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|Coming from a business family, she shied away from abstractions.
Tabatha Stirling, Botanical Malice|I have always been sensitive to vibrations and energies. Sometimes, I meet people and the hairs on the back of my neck stand up and I know that person is just wrong somehow. That their wiring is different, their moral compass screwed.
Stan Getz|My life is music, and in some vague, mysterious and subconscious way, I have always been driven by a taut inner spring which has propelled me to almost compulsively reach for perfection in music, often - in fact, mostly - at the expense of everything else in my life.
Bob Gilluly, One man's Montana: Bob Gilluly's best newspaper yarns, Great Falls Tribune, 1983-1999|An oldtimer is a person who's had many interesting experiences, some of them true.
M. Scott Peck, The Road Less Traveled: A New Psychology of Love, Traditional Values, and Spiritual Growth|A person tends to believe whatever is repeated over and over, whether it is true or not.
Lorna Sage, Bad Blood|Hayworth's marriage made her a princess, but her feet made her a queen.
Rob Sheffield|When you stick a song on a tape, you set it free.
Rebel Wilson|Those minutes that I'm on stage are the best! Being there and looking at the crowd and seeing their faces, hearing them sing the positive words from the songs.
Washington Irving|To the traveller imbued with a feeling for the historical and poetical, so inseparately interwined in the annals of romantic Spain, the Alhambra is a much an object of devotion as is the Caaba to all true Moslems. How many legends and traditions, true and fabulous, - how many songs and ballards, Arabian and Spanish, of love and war and chivalry, are associated with this Oriental pile!
Mandi Lynn, Essence|Dreams are not lands of happiness. It is miscomprehended that bad dreams are nightmares. In truth, the only dreams we have are nightmares. When you are asleep, your brain wanders, bringing up thoughts of hopes and fears. During the night, thoughts of fear are what haunt you. Dreams are nightmares. Hopeful dreams are your wishes that will most likely never come true, which are their own form of nightmares.
Nikki Rowe|Somewhere along the journey i lost myself; i learnt to be who they told me to be, i lived that girl for decades until their truth showed me; the words they were preaching didnt match the the steps they were walking, so i was done with their opinion and went on my unique way.
Nathalia Crane, The Singing Crow And Other Poems|You cannot choose your battlefield,God does that for you;But you can plant a standardWhere a standard never
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|Imagination, of course, can open any door - turn the key and let terror walk right in.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|I finally figured out the big, elusive secret to weight loss. Don't eat! Who knew?
Nikki Rowe|The beauty he saw in her was the beauty she forgot to see in herself and what a beautiful reminder, that love is what will see us all through.
Saurabh Sharma|Spontaneous insanity is the real bliss! It's sad that we are honored for playing sane, serious, safe, miserable and controlling in this poor world.
Charles Pelly|This Bush administration has a growing credibility gap, maybe even a credibility chasm, on environmental policy. The President has lost the trust of the American people when it comes to the environment.
Devlin De La Chapa on writing The HUSH Series|Many people want to live in an alternate world. As a writer, it’s my job to put them there.
Margaret Mead|There is no greater insight into the future than recognizing...when we save our children, we save ourselves
Roy Moore|Right now, a majority of the debt is owed to foreign interests, Japan being the largest purchaser of government debt today, soon to be surpassed by China as the number one purchaser of our debt in this Nation.
Bella Pollen, Midnight Cactus|As a lord was heldfor the strength of his body and stoutness of heart.Much lore he learned, and loved wisdombut fortune followed him in few desires;oft wrong and awry what he wrought turned;what he loved he lost, what he longed for he won not;and full friendship he found not easily,nor was lightly loved for his looks were sad.He was gloom-hearted, and glad seldomfor the sundering sorrow that filled his youth...(On Turin Turambar - The Children of Hurin)
Tony Buon, The Leadership Coach|There’s no such thing as ‘not enough time’ out here in the woods. I don’t even have a watch. Time is my own, categorised as nothing more than ‘morning, afternoon, evening and night’.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sadness is one of the best universities in life! Though bad things take good things from us, they do give us useful things as well!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as he and Rose craned around to look at the other students."Don’t let it worry you," said Ron. "It’s me. I’m extremely famous.
Norman Spinrad, Bug Jack Barron|[P]ower, terrible, unprecedented power, and with it came the unavoidable choice that had faced every power-junkie since time began: to have the sheer gall to fake being something greater than a man, or cop-out on the millions who had poured a part of themselves into your image and be something less.
Sally Field|In India, there is a psychological problem that movies going to film festivals are boring. It is a problem with exhibitors.
Rand Paul|Policy is no longer being written by politicians accountable to the American public. Instead, policies concerning the defense budget, deregulation, health care, public transportation, job training programs, and a host of other crucial areas are now largely written by lobbyists who represent mega corporations.
Aditya Ajmera|When we realize that we are not the mind, we do not exist as a labled person. We also experience “all circus around us” does not exist either.
Winston Churchill|Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect. We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves.
Ramani Durvasula, You Are WHY You Eat: Change Your Food Attitude, Change Your Life|Poor animals! How jealously they guard their pathetic bodies…that which to us is merely an evening’s meal, but to them is life itself.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Three metamorphoses of the spirit have I designated to you: how thespirit became a camel, the camel a lion, and the lion at last a child.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Power and influence: things that should be obtained not for means of greed, nor pride, nor ego, but rather to ensure that in the right moment, when your wisdom and benevolence are required to keep humanity strong and united, you can deliver and orchestrate others toward the greater good.
Pope Benedict XVI|I was always told that music isn't a 'realistic' path to take, and like a normal human being, I doubted myself over and over because I was afraid of failure.
St. Francis of assisi|Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
John Daniel Thieme, paulinskill hours and other poems|The seeker might aim to hide too, make sure the person you are waiting for is trustworthy, if not there will be no one looking for you.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|The merest accident of microgeography had meant that the first man to hear the voice of Om, and who gave Om his view of humans, was a shepherd and not a goatherd. They have quite different ways of looking at the world, and the whole of history might have been different. For sheep are stupid, and have to be driven. But goats are intelligent, and need to be led.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|Ellie tells me, often, some variation on this theme: that I am a little too invested in how I'm feeling about church and God, and perhaps not invested enough in how I am serving church, God, neighbor.
Christian Bök, Eunoia|Focus your energy on peace, bliss, and beauty. Life will be blissful and the world will be peaceful.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|Neurotic anxiety, therefore, is that which occurs when the incapacity for coping adequately with threats is not objective but subjective - I.e., is due not to objective weakness but to inner psychological patterns and conflicts which prevent the individual from using his powers.
Kate Winslet|For many years, I tried to make New Year's resolutions. I made lists and shot for great heights: I would show altruism and exert moral strength, patience and all those other great attributes.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Do your clothes make you feel happy, beautiful, comfortable in your skin, handsome, confident, or powerful?
Wayne W. Dyer|I've decided that I can also touch the hearts of many - dead people, but the living, too. (Cameryn Mahoney)
Carroll Shelby|I don't buy diamonds, I don't buy cars, but I enjoy travelling. I'm not a very possessive person as far as things go.
Gerry Anderson|Writing is always a restorative process. It's like paddling a kayak. When you're writing, you can't do anything else. You're in the space you're in. So, in that way, it's enormously centering and restorative.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Mumbai is the sweet, sweaty smell of hope, which is the opposite of hate; and it's the sour, stifled smell of greed, which is the opposite of love. It's the smell of Gods, demons, empires, and civilizations in resurrection and decay. Its the blue skin-smell of the sea, no matter where you are in the island city, and the blood metal smell of machines. It smells of the stir and sleep and the waste of sixty million animals, more than half of them humans and rats. It smells of heartbreak, and the struggle to live, and of the crucial failures and love that produces courage. It smells of ten thousand restaurants, five thousand temples, shrines, churches and mosques, and of hunderd bazaar devoted exclusively to perfume, spices, incense, and freshly cut flowers. That smell, above all things - is that what welcomes me and tells me that I have come home. Then there were people. Assamese, Jats, and Punjabis; people from Rajasthan, Bengal, and Tamil Nadu; from Pushkar, Cochin, and Konark; warrior caste, Brahmin, and untouchable; Hindi, Muslim, Christian, Buddhist, Jain, Parsee, Animist; fair skin and dark, green eyes and golden brown and black; every different face and form of that extravagant variety, that incoparable beauty, India.
John Masefield|I must go down to the sea again, for the call of the running tide, is a wild call and a clear call, that cannot be denied!
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|England is the most class-ridden country under the sun. It is a land of snobbery and privilege, ruled largely by the old and silly.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Motherhood: Soulfully Empowering Your Life's Journey & Purpose As a Mother Through Positive Inspiration|Motherhood unwittingly molds us into all we are now, or are - destined to be.
Ami McKay, The Birth House|I look at these people and can't quite believe that they exist. Are they professional actors? I wonder. Or are they simply laymen who want a lot of attention? To put them in perspective, I think of being on an airplane. The flight attendant comes down the aisle with her food cart and, eventually, parks it beside my seat. "Can I interest you in the chicken?" she asks. "Or would you prefer the platter of shit with bits of broken glass in it? To be undecided in this election is to pause for a moment and then ask how the chicken is cooked.
Raymond L. Atkins, The Front Porch Prophet|The human mind was a devious organ, however, and it chiseled in stone that which would be best left unrecalled.
George Bernard Shaw|America is a country that seems forever to be toddler or teenager, at those two stages of human development characterized by conflict between autonomy and security.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|Photography is a magical kind of art that allows people to preserve time and moments, and to describe the world the way they see it.
Woodrow Wilson, The New Freedom|It’s funny, because we all read history and we think, ‘Oh, I would … have risen up, I would have fought, I would have been an abolitionist,' And I tell them, ‘No, you wouldn’t have. If you would have, you’d be doing that right now. You know trafficking exists, you’ve heard of it, but you don’t want to look.
Dee Dinh, Sin of Attraction|I know this sounds very Neanderthal but I want a man that would just take me, ravage me, and do what he pleases with me. I frankly don’t care what he does or how he does it. I just want it to be fucktastic. I want some bodies slamming, head banging, and wild animalistic beastie craze sex. You Jane, me Tarzan kind of sex.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Do you know about Hanuman, sir? He was the faithful servant of the god Rama, and we worship him in our temples because he is a shining example of how to serve your masters with absolute fidelity, love, and devotion.These are the kinds of gods they have foisted on us Mr. Jiabao. Understand, now, how hard it is for a man to win his freedom in India.
Kris Saknussemm|There are always two figures in a marriage, two votes, two conflicting sets of decisions, desires and limitations.
Debasish Mridha|Not your appearance, but your humility and power of love define your beauty.
Winston Churchill|I joined the army on my seventeenth birthday, full of the romance of war after having read a lot of World War I British poetry and having seen a lot of post-World War II films. I thought the romantic presentations of war influenced my joining and my presentation of war to my younger siblings.
Alan de Jager|You cannot call yourself a Christian and only accept the less harsher parts of the bible, being a Christian in Christ is accepting it all.
David Suzuki|FIFA stands for discipline, respect, fair-play, not just on the field of play, but in our society as well.
Peter Cox, You Don't Need Meat|There always are and always will be some strange personalities in our country, whatever the conditions, who though peaceful and not at all lazy will ever be beggars by some mysterious behest of destiny. They are always unmarried, always slovenly, always humble and downtrodden. They are forever fetching and carrying for the newly rich and newly exalted. All initiative and enterprise are a burden and a grief to them. They seem to have been born with the stipulation that they shall never do anything on their own, but always dance to someone else’s tune. It is their destiny to do what other people tell them to do. And last but not least, no change of circumstances, no upheavals can make them prosper. They will always be beggars! I have, indeed, noticed them not only among the common people, but in all walks of life, in all groupings, magazines, and associations.
Debasish Mridha|Through the window of my soul and the mirror of my mind, I was looking for the beauty of my life. I could not find it, but I found it in the glint of a dew drop at the edge of a dancing leaf.
Laurie Sudbrink, Leading with GRIT: Inspiring Action and Accountability with Generosity, Respect, Integrity, and Truth|If we look at the happiest, most successful people and companies, they're those that have a positive attitude about continuously improving. It's growth. It's something new. It's an adventure.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Before I can tell my life what I want to do with it, I must listen to my life telling me who I am.
Tracy Morgan|The cool thing about designers is they have very specific points of view, and because my inspiration is always changing, it's easy to go, 'This feels right.' But just because I wear fancy dresses on weekends doesn't mean in my heart of hearts I'm not a jeans and T-shirt person.
Diane Mandt Langberg, Counseling Survivors of Sexual Abuse|You are no longer human, with all those depths and highs and nuances of emotion that define you as a person.There is no feeling any more, because to feel any emotion would also be to beckon the overwhelming blackness from you. My mind has now locked all this down. And without any control of this self-defence mechanism my subconscious has operated. I do not feel any more.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|When we feel weak, we drop our heads on the shoulders of others. Don't get mad when someone does that. Be honored. For that person trusted you enough to, even if subtly, ask you for help.
Pope Francis, The Church of Mercy|For the Church, the option for the poor is primarily a theological category rather than a cultural, sociological, political, or philosophical one. God shows the poor "his first mercy." This divine preference has consequences for the faith life of all Christians, because we are called to have "this mind...which was in Jesus Christ" (Phil. 2:5). Inspired by this, the Church has made an option for the poor, which is understood as a "special form of primacy in the exercise of Christian charity, to which the whole tradition of the Church bears witness." This option - as Benedict XVI has taught - "is implicit in our Christian faith in a God who became poor for us, so as to enrich us with his poverty." This is why I want a Church that is poor and for the poor. They have much to teach us. Not only do they share in the sensus fidei, but in their difficulties they know the suffering Christ. We need to let ourselves be evangelized by them. The new evangelization is an invitation to acknowledge the saving power at work in their lives and to put them at the center of the Church's pilgrim way. We are called to find Christ in them, to lend our voice to their causes, but also to be their friends, to listen to them, to speak for them, and to embrace the mysterious wisdom that God wishes to share with us through them.
Kaden Brown, Lilith|I wiped my jaw with a forearm, half imagining that I could still feel the product of the quickie out back of the bar.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|You've got to know thyself, date thyself and most importantly be thyself.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Words are like arrows, Arianne. Once loosed, you cannot call them back.
Christopher Isherwood, Christopher and His Kind|...I remember a rainy, depressing afternoon when she remarked 'What a pity we can't make love, there's nothing else to do,' and he agreed that it was and there wasn't.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|The gods, not out of mercy, have made me strong.
Debasish Mridha|Nature is powerful and beautiful,Nature is destructive and creative,Nature is amazing and wonderful,Nature is loving and graceful.
Sunday Adelaja|The more the Word of God abides in a person, the more strength and wisdom he will have.
Pazaria Smith|The power of the Blood of Jesus, the Word of God & the name of Jesus are the believers weapons of defense against the Devil.
Tricia Goyer, A Christmas Gift for Rose|Every time that God gives us a child, it's His way of saying He trusts us-trusts us to offer love and to guide the child toward Him.
Tiffany Luard|I feel sorry for people who maintain relationships and friendships detrimental to their mental health. Everyone is guilty of it at one time or another- but the idea is to strive to be your best; right? So, meanwhile why are so many people faking it? Security? Fear of loneliness? Fears of independence? Fears of being self ? Or just the idea that you can make someone change? Regardless of the justifications you give & treat yourself to... , I hope all of you - "new year -new me types" strive for self care , honest and pure friendships and relationships based of love- and not based off the fake realities of your mind. These delusions of what you hope for instead of what's there, where you and your puppet show master focus more on everyone else and less on self. To change the world you must start within. But you must first BE HONEST with yourself. My new year started a few months ago-- and it was the best choice I ever made- and I hope your recreations are progressive and successful in THE NEW YEAR
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|In times of war, skepticism can be just cause for execution.
Charles Dickens|Ranking among the greatest Christmas movie classics, 'It's a Wonderful Life' tells a beautiful story about the priceless value of relationships.
Barbara Ehrenreich|Freedom is not won by merely overthrowing a tyrannical ruler or an oppressive regime. That is usually only the prelude to a new tyranny, a new oppression.
Peter Ackroyd|There were pools of light among the stacks, directly beneath the bulbs which Philip had switched on, but it was now with an unexpected fearfulness that he saw how the books stretched away into the darkness. They seemed to expand as soon as they reached the shadows, creating some dark world where there was no beginning and no end, no story, no meaning. And if you crossed the threshold into that world, you would be surrounded by words; you would crush them beneath your feet, you would knock against them with your head and arms, but if you tried to grasp them they would melt away. Philip did not dare turn his back upon these books. Not yet. It was almost, he thought, as if they had been speaking to each other while he slept.
Sam Harris|The problem of vindicating an omnipotent and omniscient God in the face of evil is insurmountable. Those who claim to have surmounted it, by recourse to notions of free will and other incoherencies, have merely heaped bad philosophy onto bad ethics.
Jesse Ball, A Cure for Suicide|We are the wreck of what we have been, and the place of our own future demise.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|They may have been rightly overbearing in her formative years, but they also loved Roselyn enough to trust she needed dreams more than realities.
Tim Fargo, Alphabet Success - Keeping it Simple|To a fireman, wind is a curse. To a sailor, wind is a blessing.
Amy Jarecki, Rise of a Legend|I thought I had to be alone to be free. But I am only ever truly myself when I am with you, Azhar. I know, that is such an -- an extravagant thing to say, but it is true. I have to realize that freedom means having the ability to choose. To choose to share your life, to choose to love unconditionally. The two are inseparable. There is no freedom without love and there is no love without freedom.
Thurman P. Banks Jr., Beyond John Dann|Spending all your energy on one opinion is like confining yourself to living in a box, and most people in a box aren't living.
Sushil Singh, System dynamics: a practical approach for managerial problems|He wondered if somewhere far off, defying the laws of science, Mitch's two screams were still echoing, if those vibrations had traveled into space, if they moved on and on like rays in a light-year. There might be other forms of life who were receiving the noise and trying to interpret the tones.
D.H. Lawrence|Reflection must be reserved for solitary hours; whenever she was alone, she gave way to it as the greatest relief; and not a day went by without a solitary walk, in which she might indulge in all the delight of unpleasant recollections.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|To be concentrated means to live fully in the present, in the here and now, and not to think of the next thing to be done, while I am doing something right now.
Deborah Levy, Hot Milk|Trees, their incremental gymnastics and noisy silence, are another wonder of Outside to me.
Nancy A. Collins, Sunglasses After Dark|Things had gone badly at Hell House, although not quite as horribly as the '31 investigation. At least this time there were survivors, if you wanted to call being reduced to catatonia and raving lunacy 'surviving'.
William  Boyd, Any Human Heart|The very same thing, don't you see, may be looked at tragically, and turned into a misery, or it may be looked at simply and even humorously. Possibly you are inclined to look at things too tragically.
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|In-existence, the soul’s greatest imposition is its perfection. It is projected as a perfected form of the physical embodiment, an emblem of things, perhaps hyperreal and untouchably perfect as existence. It can not be! The soul in-existence is nothing of perfection. It is raw potential. The soul is nothing but potential. To be specific, the soul is unordered potential!
Eric J. Martindale|The time when freedom is no longer held in the highest regard is not during times of want or suffering, but during the era of civility, pleasure, and wealth.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Faith is only a word if there is no love at its center, so flaccid and lifeless, vague and hollow - not anything you could truly feel.
Virginia Woolf|All the lessons of history in four sentences: Whom the gods would destroy, they first make mad with power. The mills of God grind slowly, but they grind exceedingly small. The bee fertilizes the flower it robs. When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|Yet if all reality is subjective, all certitude is impossible.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Day I Wore Purple|Science has the capacity to uplift us to heights of undreamed of sophistication and quality of life or to drag us down into an abyss, from which we may never return. I do not believe science and/or technology are bad. However, I am very concerned with the beliefs the majority of scientists have about the world, which is its overriding view of reality— the mainstream scientific worldview. I believe it is the greatest weakness of science and so the greatest weakness of modern society and poses a serious risk, as we accelerate toward the biggest upheaval in human history, within the context of the enormity of global issues we face.
Charles Olson|When we want to talk, we can instead listen, and let our attentiveness to another's need to speak, be our silent statement.
Robert E. Howard|The birthing wolf,Her heart fed with tenderness,Gave forth from ripe brown nipples,Food to feed the universe.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|She slipped off the lid and took out a little hourglass hanging on a silver pivot from a black ribbon, its belly full of twinkling black sand. "Oh, it's beautiful!" "You like it." Her guardian, the antiquarian, who invested every colour, gemstone, beast, and planet with arcane and symbolic meaning, would likely give her a lecture on saturnine influences. Blanche decided not to care. "Yes, I do.
Debasish Mridha|Success is defined, not by what you achieve in life, but by what you do for others without expectations.
Ahmed Ali Anjum|Baby you don’t even know I’m falling apartIn your fun and games, You’ve stolen my heart.
Harrish Sairaman|There are only 2 things in this world, you and the rest of you. When this becomes ‘one’ you are enlightened.
James W. Sire, How to Read Slowly|And it's the 'Word of God' that turns the rocks in the mouth to loaves on the tongue. That fills our emptiness with the true and real good, 'that makes the eyes see', the body full of light.
Thomas Merton, Contemplative Prayer|There is a 'movement' of meditation, expressing the basic 'paschal' rhythm of the Christian life, the passage from death to life in Christ. Sometimes prayer, meditation and contemplation are 'death' - a kind of descent into our own nothingness, a recognition of helplessness, frustration, infidelity, confusion, ignorance. Note how common this theme is in the Psalms. If we need help in meditation we can turn to scriptural texts that express this profound distress of man in his nothingness and his total need of God. Then as we determine to face the hard realities of our inner life and humbly for faith, he draws us out of darkness into light - he hears us, answers our prayer, recognizes our need, and grants us the help we require - if only by giving us more faith to believe that he can and will help us in his own time. This is already a sufficient answer.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Great leaders live and leave noble and indelible footprints. Any leader can start something. Any leader can do anything but, the real hallmark and a great measure of a great leader is not necessarily what happens now but, what happens later. The noble works of a true and a great leader stand the test of time and never vanish with time.
Jennifer DeLucy|To maintain any degree of sanity, we must believe that everything is interconnected on some level and to experience that level fully once in a while.
Charles Finch, The Fleet Street Murders|Are you going to give a speech?' she asked gaily.He gave a choked laugh. 'Of course not,' he said. 'Not for ages.''My cousin Davey gave one on his very first day!' ...'In the Lords, I remember. It was about how he didn't like strawberry jam.''Be nice, Charles! It was a speech about fruit importation, which I admit devolved into something of a tirade.' She couldn't help but laugh. 'Still, you could talk about something more important.''Than jam? Impossible. We mustn't set the bar too high, Jane.
E. L. Doctorow|I've always been asked, 'What is my favorite car?' and I've always said 'The next one.'
Teresa Lo, Realities: a Collection of Short Stories|I just wanted one more day." More tears welled up in her eyes. "But it would never be enough. I could keep asking for one more day for the rest of my life.
Trevanian, Shibumi|Greed is a strange, strange sin.All you want to do is acquire. Acquire money, acquire material, acquire time, acquire energy, acquire attention. The running mantra is “I want, I want, I want” but that quickly turns to “I need, I need, I need.”Suddenly there just isn’t enough time for friends, for family, for anyone. Your goal is to acquire and to make sure what you acquire stays acquired. Your life depends on it. You don’t see truth because the truth is shadowed by enormous homes, incredibly fast cars, in lavish spending. Your life no longer belongs to you, but you are blind to it all because those around you are seeking the same.So you shuffle along at an impossible rate, and you pass the real world around you.But what you’ll come to realize, altogether too late, is that it’s never enough.It’s simply never enough
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Life is energy, give others the energy you want to receive from others!
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wall-Paper|Metaphysics in philosophy is, of course, supposed to characterize what is real - literally real. The irony is that such a conception of the real depends upon unconscious metaphors.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|I ruin everything. I think that a bullet must have passed through my heart when I was very young, causing me to bleed out slowly, over things and people and every white surface that I’d ever come across.
Gift Gugu Mona|Be thankful for every mountain, because it's the mountaintop that will give you best view of the world.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Happiness is the little moments of joy you give yourself every single day, living a life in con stant pursuit of happy and joyous moments.
John Hoeven|Tina Turner is someone that I admire, because she made her strength feminine and sexy. Marilyn Monroe, because she was a curvy woman. I'm drawn to things that have the same kind of silhouettes as what she wore because our bodies are similar.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|The more time that passes without an answer and the longer we wander through the wilderness of silence and shadow, the more fearful we become that maybe God isn't all we have believed him to be. It's in those moments that Satan plants in us the temptation to 'throw away this confident trust in the Lord.' The enemy wants us to forget 'the great reward it brings you' (Hebrews 10:35).
Dylan Moran, Monster|I cared not a whit whether Time were “a form of thought,” or an aspect of reality, or (this was later) compoundable with Space. What I wanted to know was: How it got mixed?
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Nothing can last forever. There isn't any memory, no matter how intense, that doesn't fade out at last.
Nayyira Waheed|i will tell you, my daughterof your worth not your beauty everyday. (your beauty is a given. every being is born beautiful)knowing your worth can save your life.raising you on beauty alone, you will be starved.you will be raw.you will be weak.an easy stomach.always in need of someone telling you how beautiful you are.
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|If an angry bull is running toward you, and your pants become wet despite holding the red cloth, make sure the other side of the cloth is white.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|Time cures you first, and then it kills you.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|Believers should be open to and encourage the Spirit's moving within each one, including the spontaneity from individual initiatives when gathered together. Believers need to be vigilant to prevent formality of liturgy where the Spirit is stifled, and individual initiatives are not allowed.
Marvin Ammori|I've worked since it was basically legal to work. I was a waitress on and off for eight years. I worked at Sears; I worked at Abercrombie folding clothes. My dad really instilled good money management habits, and I've saved 10 percent of my paycheck, every paycheck, since I was 15.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|The truth is always an insult or a joke, lies are generally tastier. We love them. The nature of lies is to please. Truth has no concern for anyone's comfort
Friedrich Nietzsche|From insipid sweet wine; from men who wear moustaches; from the sort of people that call legs 'limbs'; from bedraggled white petticoats: Kind Devil, deliver me.
Chip Kidd, The Cheese Monkeys|I visualize myself winning the Olympic Pentathlon, inventing a phone that can be controlled by brain waves, or doing the laundry. I do not actually DO these things, but I see myself doing them, and that is almost MORE satisfying, because I am also lying down.
Priyanka Bhowmick|But first of all he is a woodsman, and you aren't a woodsman unless you have such a feeling for topography that you can look at the earth and see what it would look like without any woods or covering on it. It's something like the gift all men wish for when they or young-- or old-- of being able to look through a woman's clothes and see her body, possibly even a little of her character.
Madeleine L’Engle|Conscience doth make cowards of us all,” but conscience is what gives us our humanity, the factor that separates us from animals. It allows us to love, to feel another’s pain, and to grow. Whatever the drawbacks are to being blessed with a conscience, the rewards are essential to living in a world with other human beings.
Susan Sontag|When you take pictures of nature with passion, nature poses for you more passionately!
Miroslav Antić|Ali ipak uz mene se može, mada je neobično, Sa mnom je opasno hteti, ja nikad ne odustajem.
Abhijit Naskar|A man who's discontents were barely known to himself, awakening in middle age to the horror of self-reflection.
Rachel Carson, Silent Spring|A Who's Who of pesticides is therefore of concern to us all. If we are going to live so intimately with these chemicals eating and drinking them, taking them into the very marrow of our bones - we had better know something about their nature and their power.
Joan Jett|An important part of dating is communicating. We communicate by sharing our thoughts, ideas, and feelings. We enjoy being with someone when we have an easy time communicating or when we have a lot to talk about.
Louise Doughty, Apple Tree Yard|It must be every barrister's nightmare, something that finds him or her unprepared.
Linda Harvey, Maybe He's Not Gay: Another View on Homosexuality|The immoral man always sees the moral man as immoral, just a way for him to justify his immorality.
Pēteris Bitāns|Aamir, recalling back to the idyllic days of his college youth, pictured himself once again sitting quietly on a familiar neighbourhood rooftop. He often enjoyed relaxing there, alone or with friends, while watching the colourful fluttering prayer flags on rooftop poles, especially in the warmth of an early evening breeze, as wispy clouds drifted against the jagged Himalayan backdrop. He has oft times wondered, ever since his childhood, if the prayers to the spirits of the dead, flying out from those slowly tattering rags, will ever really be answered. Perhaps it will be in another place, in another time, when we’re living another life that we shall finally know. Aamir had calmly thought at the time. He was that sort of philosophical guy.
Peter Monn, The Before Now and After Then|He had been searching for it his entire life. He had devoted himself to poetry to find it. Now, in the middle of his life, he found it. It was in the face of the love of his life, his daughter. She who had never blushed before, now blushed. And in that blushing, he knew, was the existence of God. That was the day her father learned what God was. God was pure beauty, God was his daughter’s face when she blushed.
Alan Moore|Go to the theater, to museums, and to concerts as often as possible; it gives you a healthy glow.
Jean Piaget|A good government implies two things; first, fidelity to the objects of the government; secondly, a knowledge of the means, by which those objects can be best attained.
Debasish Mridha|When you do things with love,it is a song of your heart.
Ken Liu|A veteran deserves the very best health care anywhere. That means sometimes, they should go out into the private sector if something's being done better than the VA.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I am not an angel," I asserted; "and I will not be one till I die: I will be myself.
Megan McKenna, The New Stations of the Cross: The Way of the Cross According to Scripture|Jesus lived in occupied territory, in poverty and misery, and his stories and preaching are all about food, land, liberation from bondage and servitude and get. He preached about providing for those who lacked the most and were considered expendable, as the birds of the air, and yet in Jesus' eyes were where one found the treasure of heaven, here, now, on earth.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|The fact is that nothing is more difficult to believe than the truth; conversely, nothing seduces like the power of lies, the greater the better. It's only natural, and you will have to find the right balance. Having said that, let me add that this particular old woman hasn't been collecting only years; she has also collected stories, and none sadder or more terrible than the one she's about to tell you. You have been at the heart of this story without knowing it until today ...
Alan Hollinghurst, The Line of Beauty|I can’t bear the smell of cigars, can you?” said Lady Partridge.	“Lionel hates it too,” murmured Rachel. As did Nick, to whom the dry lavatorial stench of cigars signified the inexplicable confidence of other men’s tastes and habits, and their readiness to impose them on their fellows.
Herman Melville|Ahab still stood like an anvil, receiving every shock, but without the least quivering of his own.
Raymond Cattell, The Scientific Analysis of Personality|But psychology is a more tricky field, in which even outstanding authorities have been known to run in circles, 'describing things which everyone knows in language which no one understands'.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Authenticity is about returning and magnifying who you are, instead of trying to become someone who you think you should be. It’s about peeling off the false adornments and standing wholly, holy, and true.
Mahmoud Darwish, If I Were Another: Poems|I see what I want of Love... I see horses making the meadow dance, fifty guitars sighing, and a swarm of bees suckling the wild berries, and I close my eyes until I see our shadow behind this dispossessed place... I see what I want of people: their desire to long for anything, their lateness in getting to work and their hurry to return to their folk... and their need to say: Good Morning...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Embrace each other with love, smiles and warm hug.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|He never had any real hope in the affair from the beginning;but being a cheerful hobbit he had not needed hope,as long as despair could be postponed.
Stacey Ballis|Cottage of content was better than the Palace of cold splendour, and that where love was, all was.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|A spark of divinity ignited a flame of fire within our spirit, our soul and our hearts.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Born of Silence|You can change the road you take, but sometimes it can bend back to lead you straight to that same stubborn fate.
Jonas Eriksson, Everyday Psychopaths|The images start to darken and she feels another hunger well up in her, this one having to do with another kind of desire. The desire to feed, to possess, and the aggressive thrill of a predator capturing and killing its prey as it tears into unspoiled flesh. Its teeth ripping and rending and the satisfying coppery taste of blood. There is the ultimate moment of surrender of drinking away the life essence. The pinnacle of lust which mounts in the very last breath, when the light drains from the victim's eyes and when the soul fades... Then there is only a triumphant cry to the moonlight and the beckoning depths of the ever waiting water.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|Your volume speaks volumes. Be aware of your dynamics, your tones as well as the loudness and softness of your voice on the phone and in person.
William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice|It enclosed us in its laceries as we watched the moon spill across the Atlantic like wine from an overturned glass. With the light all around us, we felt secret in that moon-infused water like pearls forming in the soft tissues of oysters.
Eva LeNoir, Guns Blazing|With his arm back around Gavin's waist, Brad suddenly seemed very determined to get to their destination. Gavin was curious about it until he saw the restaurant. With rainbow flags hanging on either side of the sign mounted on the roof, it sort of looked like home base in a game of gay tag.
Debasish Mridha|To find universal peace, teach yourself and everyone else to be kind, compassionate, and forgiving.
Janaki Sooriyarachchi, Finbo|Of course, being brave does not mean running towards danger.
Bill Maher|To a coward, courage always looks like stupidity.
Brooke Hampton|We are the custodians of our bodies. We must take action to employ healthy lifestyle habits to prevent, reduce, and/or manage disease and illness.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are established in the church and focused on Jesus, then you are still among the living
John Grisham|In life, finding a voice is speaking and living the truth. Each of you is an original. Each of you has a distinctive voice. When you find it, your story will be told. You will be heard.
Heath Ledger|We eat breads, and we eat it with butter.While some brothers, starve for water and leave near the gutter.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|They say, in life change is the most important thing for you to evolve.I think it's the pain which makes a person evolve, A species evolve.Time will throw a thousand happy moments, which will teach you nothing. Real sense of life is understood when you go through that one painful moment.Which will help you evolve, which will help you change.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Other Stories|She generally gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it), and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having cheated herself in a came of croquet she was playing against herself, for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
Aldous Huxley|Meanwhile, the poor Babel fish, by effectively removing all barriers to communication between different races and cultures, has caused more and bloodier wars than anything else in the history of creation.
Colleen Houck|How could I remain unyielding? His words penetrated the flimsy barriers I’d set up around my heart. I’d meant to set up a barbed wire fence, but the barbs ended up being covered with marshmallows. He slipped through my defenses easily. He touched his forehead to my hand, and my marshmallow heart melted.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|If you will stay close to nature, to its simplicity, to the small things hardly noticeable, those things can unexpectedly become great and immeasurable.
Jeane Manning, Breakthrough Power: How Quantum-Leap New Energy Inventions Can Transform Our World|He (Comings) has in the past performed successful energy-converting experiments, creating a ringing resonance by injecting certain frequencies into piezo-electric crystals. When the crystal was in resonance with the plenum of space, the power output rose significantly higher than the input. He concluded that, if allowed politically, such discoveries could guide humankind in building a completely clean energy infrastructure -- resonant technologies that allow us to live in harmony with the universal energy field and the Earth.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|The point,' Ms. Conyers continued, "is that no word had one specific definition. Maybe in the dictionary, but not in real life.
Deborah Heissler, Comme un morceau de nuit, découpé dans son étoffe|Latefor the present, I supposeaccentuated each timeyou see, quick enoughthis fraction of earthunderfootthat upright speechimprints,like the whole of beingresumesWe’ve hit on something like lightning strikes
Emmylou Harris|Hip-hop kind of absorbed rock in terms of the attitude and the whole point of why rock was important music. Young people felt like rock music was theirs, from Elvis to the Beatles to the Ramones to Nirvana. This was theirs; it wasn't their parents'. I think hip-hop became the musical style that embraces that mentality.
Molly O'Keefe, The Truth About Him|I just realized, baby, right now, thinking of how I could take this pain away from you, I just realized that you have to feel it. You gotta make your way through all the bad stuff to get to the good.
James Hauenstein|Eye Amost Evr Spel Ah Werd Wong Annymoe, sinc eye goat alto pel
Larry King|There are men - now in power in this country - who do not respect dissent, who cannot cope with turmoil, and who believe that the people of America are ready to support repression as long as it is done with a quiet voice and a business suit.
Osho|Millions of people are suffering: they want to be loved but they don't know how to love. And love cannot exist as a monologue; it is a dialogue, a very harmonious dialogue. 
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Of course, of course. Mr. Buzzby, did it ever occur to you that a god may live, figuratively, a dog's life?''Eh?''Gods are transfigured, you know. They go up in smoke, as it were. In smoke and flame. They become pure flame, pure spirit, creatures with no visible body.'("A Visitor From Egypt")
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|A bolt of warmth, fierce with joy and pride and gratitude, flashed through me like sudden lightning. I don’t care about whose DNA has recombined with whose. When everything goes to hell, the people who stand by you without flinching—they are your family. And they were my heroes.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|I can handle Glory." "Can you?" Eve asked. "Because I notice you never call her Gloriana. Just Glory." He shut up. Which is probably about the only smart thing he can do, Claire thought.
Joyce Meyer, Living Beyond Your Feelings: Controlling Emotions So They Don't Control You|Be gentle and forbearing with one another and, if one has a difference(a grievance or complaint) against another, readily pardoning each other; even as the Lord has [freely] forgiven you, so must you also [forgive]. ( Colossians 3:13 )
Narissa Doumani, A Spacious Life: Memoir of a Meditator|When you see, not only intellectually but with your heart too, how we are all connected, how can you harm another? It's the same as harming oneself.
Tony Moyle, The Limpet Syndrome|We can disagree with one another without being raging, judgmental, spiteful, self-righteous lunatics. Can’t we?
Sameer  Khan|The bait we set, never truly entraps the love, but lust.
Claire Chilton, Whatever Became of the Squishies?|Carla had realised there wasn’t just one destined adventure in life, there were thousands of them.
Isabelle Joshua, The Swallow|For Sabina, living in truth, lying neither to ourselves not others, was possible only away from the public: the moment someone keeps an eye on what we do, we involuntarily make allowances for that eye, and nothing we do is truthful. Having a public, keeping a public in mind, means living in lies. Sabina despised literature in which people give away all kinds of intimate secrets about themselves and their friends. A man who loses his privacy loses everything, Sabina thought. And a man who gives it up on his own free will is a monster. That is why Sabina did not suffer in the least from having to keep her love a secret. On the contrary, only by doing so could she live the truth.
Jessica Calla, She Laughs In Pink|I rub my hand down my face, frustrated. This girl in front of me tests my patience like hell. When she ran to me after her dad kicked her out, I thought she still had feelings for me. She needed a place to stay, and I needed her. I offered her a room, thinking if she was around me every day, she would remember she loves me. I was dead wrong. Somewhere along the way, we switched roles, I became the one who so desperately needed her and she became cold and closed off. She isn’t my savior; she’s my punishment.
Martin Keogh, Hope Beneath Our Feet: Restoring Our Place in the Natural World|When asked if I am pessimistic or optimistic about the future, my answer is always the same: if you look at the science about what is happening on earth and aren't pessimistic, you don't understand the data. But if you meet the people who are working to restore this earth and the lives of the poor, and you aren't optimistic, you haven't got a pulse.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|He starts kissing my back and I shiver.” —Sofia Herrera (Exposed, Unbearable Passion, #3)
A.W. Tozer, And He Dwelt Among Us: Teachings from the Gospel of John|Perhaps we are all too small-minded to glimpse creation, even out little corner of it.
Rush Limbaugh|If someone has a really great boyfriend or career, I think, it's cool that happens.
C. JoyBell C.|There's that "margin of error" that you allow to exist in your mind, you want to give everything the benefit of the doubt, you want to look at another person and say "maybe we could be friends" and that's all well at first, but then you have to reach that point in your life, wherein you don't have time to live on the margins of error, and you have to say, "so what if there is a margin of error that exists? I don't think that this person and I could walk down the same path together, because she's like that, and I'm like this; I must relieve myself of fearing the error, the 'what could have been'." You know, sometimes we can be so afraid of the "what could have been" that we overlook the right here and now! And end up forsaking who we are and what makes us happy, and what we want and don't want! There is an error that takes place; when living too much for the "what could have been." There comes a time when you must give YOURSELF the benefit of the doubt! Know thyself. Color-in those margins of error with your favorite color; make them your own, make them work for you, let them be in your favor!
Christopher Fowler, On the Loose|Life is a very beautiful dream, he thought. I'm so glad I chose not to wake up from it just yet.
Madeleine George, The Difference Between You and Me|Rumors went round that I might be gay. In some ways, I was happy w/ this. Larry Rivers proved to me that a gay man could be wild, attractive, and courageous; in any case one's sexuality was becoming less of an issue every day. One of the great things about the British Mod movement was that being macho was no longer the only measure of manhood.
Mark Shea|This was borne out again in October 1996 when Pope John Paul II, standing in the context of a train of Catholic thought which stretched back to the Church Fathers said, in essence, "Looks like there's some good evidence for some sort of biological evolution."[22] That is, he said, as so many Catholics have already said, that there is nothing in divine revelation that particularly forbids you to believe that God made Adam from the dust of the earth r-e-a-l-l-y s-l-o-w-l-y rather than instantaneously (and used other creatures to somehow assist in the process) so long as you bear in mind that God did, in fact, create man and woman (particularly the soul, which is made directly by God and is not a result of the collision of atoms). --Making Senses of Scripture
John Steinbeck, The Log from the Sea of Cortez|Consider the blundering anarchic system of the United States the stupidity of some of its lawmakers, the violent reaction, the slowness of its ability to change. Twenty-five key men destroyed could make the Soviet Union stagger, but we could lose our congress, our president, and our general staff and nothing much would have happened. We would go right on. In fact we might be better for it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The money you are looking for is not in any country, phd or your designer outlook, it is in wisdom. Solomon never prayed for wealth but he asked for wisdom.
Ma Jian, Red Dust: A Path Through China|Everything I was I carry with me, everything I will be lies waiting on the road ahead.
Minna Antrim|I saw as a teacher how, if you take that spark of learning that those children have, and you ignite it, you can take a child from any background to a lifetime of creativity and accomplishment.
Greil Marcus|The aspects of patriotism that hush dissent, encourage going along, and sanction comfortable distancing and compliance with what is indecent and unacceptable... those aspects are too fundamental to ignore or gloss over.
Stephen Lovely, Irreplaceable|She always used to suspect that the price for happiness, the price for enjoying the company of a person you loved, was the steadily increasing risk of losing them, and at times, when she considered the possibility that she might lose Isabel or Clancy or, in the early days, Todd, Bernice didn't think she could stand it, didn't think she could go on living in a universe whose laws forced her to submit to such a terrible fear. Now she sees what a small price it is to pay, what staggering joy she received in return. You should be willing to pay that price for as little as a few days or hours with a person you love, she thinks, rubbing her fingers across a patch of linoleum the years have worn down to a cloudy smear.
Tony Curl|The pain of the journey should challenge you to make change, the vision of what could be drives you forward.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|Certainly, the wealth of the rich is a consequence of the poverty of the poor. (Lori Altmann, p. 85)
Philip Delves Broughton, What They Teach You at Harvard Business School: My Two Years Inside the Cauldron of Capitalism|Dream big, I dreamt of being taller when I was a kid, reinforced with flashbacks everyday I exercised diligently and to my surprise, I am still 5 feet tall.
FayJay, The Student Prince|You can be quiet and go back to kissing me, or you can leave.
Stuart Pearce|I like to travel any chance I get, even if it's just a local vacation to San Diego or Palm Springs or wherever. I just like to get out and do stuff and see the world.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|If a woman had a problem in the 1950's and 1960's, she knew that something must be wrong with her marriage, or with herself. Other women were satisfied with their lives, she thought. What kind of a woman was she if she did not feel this mysterious fulfillment waxing the kitchen floor? She was so ashamed to admit her dissatisfaction that she never know how many other women shared it.
Tamara L. Chilver|When I think of the word "organic," I think of natural, wholesome, and fundamental.That's exactly what I want my children's education to be like.
Adam Yamey, Aliwal|Scarlett O'Hara was not beautiful, but men seldom realized it when caught by her charm as the Tarleton twins were. In her face were too sharply blended the delicate features of her mother, a Coast aristocrat of French descent, and the heavy ones of her florid Irish father. But it was an arresting face, pointed of chin, square of jaw. Her eyes were pale green without a touch of hazel, starred with bristly black lashes and slightly tilted at the ends. Above them, her thick black brows slanted upward, cutting a startling oblique line in her magnolia-white skin - that skin so prized by Southern women and so carefully guarded with bonnets, veils and mittens against hot Georgia suns.
Wilson Rawls|I believe a boy can have anything in life that he wants once he starts working for it. The main thing is not to give up. It makes no difference how tough things get, just bow your back, keep working, and put your heart and soul into it. As you go along your way, live a good clean life, don't hurt anyone or anything, and always be honest. It doesn't hurt to pray a little, too. If you do all those things-someday you'll have your pony and gun. You'll get help when you least expect it.
Gabriel García Márquez|Since Aureliano at that time had very confused notions about the difference between Conservatives and Liberals, his father in law gave him some schematic lessons. The Liberals, he said, were Freemasons, bad people, wanting to hang priests, to institute civil marriage and divorce, to recognize the rights of illegitimate children as equal to those of legitimate ones, and to cut the country up into a federal system that would take power away from the supereme authority. The Conservatives, on the other hand, who had received their power directly from God, proposed the establishment of public order and family morality. They were the defenders of the faith of Christ, of the principle of authority, and were not prepared to permit the country to be broken down into autonomous entities.
Debasish Mridha|I love you as the moon loves the nightto show her charm, beauty and magic of light.
Maggie Stiefvater|When you consider the many pressures that couples face today, only an iron-clad determination will hold them together for a lifetime. Those who go into marriage with a mushy commitment are likely to wobble and fall apart when the hard times come. And as we all know, hard times will come.
Jaime Allison Parker, The Delta Highway|You will never say goodbye to the past, until you understand why the flashbacks haunt you.
|Take positive care of your mind, and it would surely take positive care of your life.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|Whomsoever I love and hate, my principle is the same. That is, the educated, the rich and the administrators should not suck the blood of the poor.
Stephen Hawking|I guess I felt attached to my weakness. My pain and suffering too. Summer light, the smell of a breeze, the sound of cicadas - if I like these things, why should I apologize?
Bluenscottish|To have loved, to have lost and to be so empty when love is forgotten and not shared is an empty heart that's always whispering "fill me"~bns
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Yoga is the art work of awareness on the canvas of body, mind, and soul.
Julie Ann Elliott-Morton|It's not because I don't want to hurt Delia's feelings. It's because when she is bruised, I'm the one who aches.
Shannon L. Alder|It’s not the quality of the answers that changes our lives, it’s the quality of the question
Judith Butler, Precarious Life: The Powers of Mourning and Violence|It is not as if an 'I' exists independently over here and then simply loses a 'you' over there, especially if the attachment to 'you' is part of what composes who 'I' am. If I lose you, under these conditions, then I not only mourn the loss, but I become inscrutable to myself. Who 'am' I, without you? When we lose some of these ties by which we are constituted, we do not know who we are or what to do. On one level, I think I have lost 'you' only to discover that 'I' have gone missing as well. At another level, perhaps what I have lost 'in' you, that for which I have no vocabulary, is a relationality that is composed neither exclusively of myself nor you, but is to be conceived as *the tie* by which those terms are differentiated and related.
Gunnar Ardelius, I Need You More Than I Love You and I Love You to Bits|It frightens me that I can't do anything sensible about it.""Are you scared that you'll wind up with a boring job where you have to see the same people every day and drink instant coffee?""I'm more scared that I'll forget the feeling I have now.""Kind of like how you forgot how it feels to be three years old.""That surely I'll wind up thinking I was so young, I didn't really understand everything. It bothers me that I know I will be wrong.
Michio Kaku|Beyond work and love, I would add two other ingredients that give meaning to life. First, to fulfill whatever talents we are born with. However blessed we are by fate with different abilities and strengths, we should try to develop them to the fullest, rather than allow them to atrophy and decay. We all know individuals who did not fulfill the promise they showed in childhood. Many of them became haunted by the image of what they might have become. Instead of blaming fate, I think we should accept ourselves as we are and try to fulfill whatever dreams are within our capability.Second, we should try to leave the world a better place than when we entered it. As individuals, we can make a difference, whether it is to probe the secrets of Nature, to clean up the environment and work for peace and social justice, or to nurture the inquisitive, vibrant spirit of the young by being a mentor and a guide.
Iain Pears|I believe we were created for ecstasy. And redeemed for it, at considerable cost. Certain vagrant moments are, moreover, clues to the narrative structure and texture of things.
McGrath M. J.|Martie was large, at least by Inuit standards, with skin the colour of an heirloom suitcase and a voice like a cartoon train wreck.
Special Snowflake, My Safe Space|Snowflake’s journey is a metaphor. A metaphor for what, exactly?I have no freaking clue.
rishi_328|Perfect… is a moment. Not a life. You don’t get to perfect with long conversations and a shitty job and a high school sweet heart. Perfect comes, and it goes. Perfect is a moment. It comes, you make the most of it, and then you let it go.
Danny Elfman|It often feels like a tremendous amount of work is required to get an idea moving forward, like pushing a train uphill. But at a certain point, the thing takes on its own momentum, and takes unexpected turns. So it's that feeling of holding on, rather than pushing it, that is the most exciting thing. It's that need to occasionally bounce off the walls, letting anything happen for any reason, and having nothing to guide you that is the joy.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|If the town were a black hole, I was the helpless star being sucked into oblivion. It was an oblivion I craved.
