Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|It is a long time ago. So many lives ago--I get them all confused, don’t you?
Therese Walsh, The Last Will of Moira Leahy|I hope we can inaugurate a new humility in our use of religious language, which for me is the very proof that it is authentic.
Barack Obama|In the spring of 1936, I was introduced by friends to Jean Tatlock. In the autumn, I began to court her. We were at least twice close enough to marriage to think of ourselves as engaged.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|We have such a brief opportunity to pass on to our children our love for this Earth, and to tell our stories. These are the moments when the world is made whole. In my children's memories, the adventures we've had together in nature will always exist.
sid|To enjoy beauty in the company of myself is to experience beauty bound by the limits of the sole person that I am. But, to experience beauty in the company of God is to experience beauty bound by the limits of Who God is, which is to experience beauty without limits.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|You used nunchucks on a moose?"Wolfe got a haunted look in his eyes. "I used all sorts of things on that bastard.
Daniel Pike, The Wolf of Descarta|The Dream Box wasn't a place, but it was a destination. It wasn't life, but it was a way of life. Reese wasn't awake in the Meat Space the way he was in Cyber, where a billion liters of endorphins blasted through the biological wiring of his veins with every corner his mind turned, where every conscious or subconscious choice he made was infused with importance. Linked in, he could partake of the guiltless ecstasy that was up for grabs, even for people like him. Linked in as Balmus, he could even be his own hero.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Gandhi sacrificed India for his own fame and recognition. Without Gandhi, there would have been a different India; a very masculine one.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|Perhaps memory is a thing that everyone involved has to work at, like stitching up a big quilt out of everything that ever happened to you.
Carolyn Spring, Living with the Reality of Dissociative Identity Disorder: Campaigning Voices|A chorus of voices exhorts kids to study science. No one stops to ask whether it is inhumane to force adolescents to spend the bulk of their time studying subjects most of them hate. When skilled workers are put out of a job by technical advances and have to undergo “retraining,” no one asks whether it is humiliating for them to be pushed around in this way. It is simply taken for granted that everyone must bow to technical necessity, and for good reason: If human needs were put before technical necessity there would be economic problems, unemployment, shortages or worse. The concept of “mental health” in our society is defined largely by the extent to which an individual behaves in accord with the needs of the system and does so without showing signs of stress.
Adetokunbo O. Adeoye, Rejected for a Purpose: How God Uses Rejection to Help You Find and Fulfill Your Destiny|Being rejected is not the end of your life, it's a means to an end for your life. And that end is your destiny.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|You shall not go down good twice to the same river, nor can you go home again. That he knew; indeed it was the basis of his view of the world. Yet from that acceptance of transience he evolved his vast theory, wherein what is most changeable is shown to be fullest of eternity, and your relationship to the river, and the river's relationship to you and to itself, turns out to be at once more complex and more reassuring than a mere lack of identity. You CAN go home again, the General Temporal Theory asserts, so long as you understand that home is a place where you have never been.
RVM|Don't expect people to always understand you. Instead, learn to understand them. Then Accept, Forgive & Love unconditionally. This is a sure way to be Happy.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|I don't want to fall in love with you,' she said, pushing away. 'why not?''because you'll just end up using it against me.
Theodore Roosevelt|A man sometimes starts up a patriot, only by disseminating discontent, and propagating reports of secret influence, of dangerous counsels, of violated rights, and encroaching usurpation. This practice is no certain note of patriotism. To instigate the populace with rage beyond the provocation, is to suspend public happiness, if not to destroy it. He is no lover of his country, that unnecessarily disturbs its peace.
|Even while in the midst of failures, focus on your future victories.
Quavo|We've lost touch with our souls. We've been nourishing our minds, our relational skills, our theological knowledge, our psychological well-being, our physiological health... but we've abandoned our souls.
Will Rogers|You know, everybody's ignorant, just on different subjects.
Thomas Szasz|In the United States today, there is a pervasive tendency to treat children as adults, and adults as children. The options of children are thus steadily expanded, while those of adults are progressively constricted. The result is unruly children and childish adults. 
Karen Foxlee, Ophelia and the Marvelous Boy|Ophelia,' said the boy. He said it very quietly. She didn't like the way he said that at all. He sounded sad and as though he expected more from her.'And how do you know my name anyways?' she said. 'I never told you it, not once.''I heard it once, a long time ago.'He was full of mysterious sentences like that.
S. Tarr, Love, Adventure and Other Noble Quests|I didn't know what to say. It kind of hurt just to look at her, in a way i'd forgotten. Sort of like a splinter - not when you first get it under your skin, but the slow ache after it has been taken out.
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|He drew her into his arms, gathering her close, and dusted kisses over her cheek, her hair. Wrapped in his embrace, Laurien closed her eyes, murmuring a sigh of exquisite satisfaction. A delightful drowsiness overtook her and she gave in to it, snuggled securely against Darach's chest, lying on a stolen wolf pelt, in the hold on a ship of thieves.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Every Last Breath|But I wasn't done. Staring into eyes that were as bright and beautiful than any tawny jewel, I said what I had never said before. And I said it with every ounce in my being behind it. "I love you, Roth." My voice shook with emotion."I'm in love with you.
Caroline Leavitt|I wanted to have more songs with religious backgrounds. The Christmas record has strong, traditional hymns, but it also has a song called 'Christmas in Heaven' about missing someone that you love that's passed on, and wondering what's going on up there on Christmas.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|There is no God in Buddha’s teachings. There is no religious ritual in Buddha’s teachings. All that there is, is simple “Karma” or “Work” – that is the “Dhamma” or “Duty” or “Religion” he preached.
Louis B. Rosenberg|Over the eons I've been a fan of, and sucker for, each latest automated system to 'simplify' and 'bring order to' my life. Very early on this led me to the beautiful-and-doomed Lotus Agenda for my DOS computers, and Actioneer for the early Palm.
Klaus Schwab|To be candid, some people have given positive thinking a bad name. I can't stand to hear some gung-ho individual say that with positive thinking you can just do 'anything.' If you think about that one for a moment, you recognize the absurdity of it.
Sarah Palin|God's will has to be done, in unifying people and companies to get that gas line built, so pray for that.
Pierre Richard Lauture|If you take it step by step, you shall least miss a step!
Patti Smith|Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
Nikki Rowe|Truth is, life is going shake you, it will rip you right out of your comfort zone;just when you feel settled, it will shock you with some trauma and make you face adversity in the most undesirable of ways... And here is the question of it all? What's it all for... Not many search long enough to know but the wise ask you.. Are you going to be a slave to your journey or the pioneer to your dream, if God handed you a lesson ;he knew before your time, your strength could endure i. so next time you doubt another thought or feed your heart with negative emotions think about it... You are here, alive, breathing and if that's not enough than you should think about what is.
Jack London, White Fang|He had no conscious knowledge of death, but like every animal of the Wild, he possessed the instinct of death. To him it stood as the greatest of hurts. It was the very essence of the unknown; it was the sum of the terrors of the unknown, the one culminating and unthinkable catastrophe that could happen to him, about which he knew nothing and about which he feared everything.
Soar, Yours, poetically: Special Deluxe Edition of Selected Poems and Quotes|When he asks you whyyou chose alone all these years.Tell him that it’s becauseyou love with all claws and bared teeth.Apologize for the scratchesthat you will leave on his skin;ask forgiveness for the bite marks.Tell him you never ever mean to love so hard, but you do.
Thomas Szasz, Cruel Compassion: Psychiatric Control of Society's Unwanted|It is the lot of mankind to feel not only insecure but also bored. To combat that experience, people long to be passively entertained, which requires less effort than assuming responsibility for self-improvement.
Johannes Tauler|Supreme serenity still remains the Ideal of great Art. The shapes and transitory forms of life are but stages toward this Ideal, which Christ's religion illuminates with His divine light.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Transform, from a fault-finder and blamer to a solution-finder and appreciator.
Emmitt Smith|I admired shows like 'Six Feet Under.' That was an amazing show. Never boring, always inventive, smart. Loved the characters. Completely original. Those are shows that I admire.
Matthew Lillard|I'm a romantic. The impressionists have always been my favorites. I like prettiness - beauty, or what I perceive as beauty.
Joy Harjo|It's amazing to be able to play the sport that I grew up loving so much and that I have a strong passion for. I'm just having a ball. There's a lot of pressure that comes with being in the spotlight and being a superstar and a role model, but I'm enjoying it.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Don't be stupid, it's a flying house!
Chris Ayres, War Reporting for Cowards|We had all opted to take City's financial reporting course work, which, in theory, meant we wanted to write about stock prices and corporate takeovers. That, of course, was a joke. No one still in their twenties, and broke, goes into journalism to write about money—a subject in which they still have zero practical experience.
Sam Harris|Every one of the world's "great" religions utterly trivializes the immensity and beauty of the cosmos. Books like the Bible and the Koran get almost every significant fact about us and our world wrong. Every scientific domain -- from cosmology to psychology to economics -- has superseded and surpassed the wisdom of Scripture.Everything of value that people get from religion can be had more honestly, without presuming anything on insufficient evidence. The rest is self-deception, set to music.
Tullian Tchividjian, Jesus + Nothing = Everything|There are no real personalities apart from God. Until you have given up your self to Him you will not have a real self. Sameness is to be found most among the most 'natural' men, not among those who surrender to Christ. How monotonously alike all the great tyrants and conquerers have been; how gloriously different are the saints.But there must be a real giving up of the self. You must throw it away 'blindly' so to speak. Christ will indeed give you a real personality; but you must not go to Him for the sake of that. As long as your own personality is what you are bothering about you are not going to Him at all. The very first step is to try to forget about the self altogether. Your real, new self (which is Christ's and also yours, and yours just because it is His) will not come as long as you are looking for it. It will come when you are looking for Him...Keep back nothing. Nothing that you have not given away will be really yours. Nothing in you that has not died will ever be raised from the dead. Look for yourself, and you will find in the long run only hatred, loneliness, despair, rage, ruin, and decay. But look for Christ, and you will find Him, and with Him everything else thrown in.
George MacDonald, A Hidden Life and Other Poems|But if you caught my informant,' said Achilles, 'why in the world would Chamrajnagar—or Graff, if it was him—launch the shuttle anyway? Was catching me doing something naughty so important they’d risk a shuttle and it’s crew just to catch me? I find that quite… flattering. Sort of like winning the Nobel Prize for scariest villain.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|Ironically, to my children, bedtime is a punishment that violates their basic rights as human beings. Once the lights are out, you can expect at least an hour of inmates clanging their tin cups on the cell bars.
Kelley Armstrong, The Reckoning|You were just worried about me." An exhale, relieved that I had understood. "Yeah"I turned. "Because you think I'm worth it"He put his fingers under my chin. "I absolutely think your worth it.""But you don't think you are."His mouth opened. Shut."That's what this is about, Derek. You won't let us worry about you because you don't think you're worth it. But I do. I absolutely do.
Praying Medic, Divine Healing Made Simple: Simplifying the supernatural to make healing & miracles a part of your everyday life|If it is the will of God for man to be sick, no one in history violated the will of God more than Jesus. Just as God desires all men to be saved, He also desires all men to be healed.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|I avoid that bleak first hour of the working day during which my still sluggish senses and body make every chore a penance. I find that in arriving later, the work which I do perform is of a much higher quality.
Nina LaCour, You Know Me Well|She was about to be married, and was frightened to death. And no-one would love her, ever again.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Return of Sherlock Holmes|He gave his life to save the thing that mattered most to him: his Clanmates,” he meowed softly. “He truly has the stars at his paws now. You will see him again, when it is time.
William Faulkner|So long as they speak your name, you shall never die.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|I would advise a stupid woman always to follow her hsuband - however, a smart woman should rely on her own instincts.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Natural Born Charmer|Football is an incredible game. Sometimes it's so incredible, it's unbelievable. 
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|He wasn't, I realized when I read those scenes concerning Blair and myself, close to any of us-- except of course to Blair, and really not even to her. He was simply someone who floated through our lives and didn't seem to care how flatly he perceived everyone or that he'd shared our secret failures with the world, showcasing the youthful indifference, the gleaming nihilism, glamorizing the horror of it all. But there was no point in being angry with him.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, avoid the bystander effect.Rather than standing on the sidelines watching other people achieve their goals, jump in with both feet and get involved.
Jan Holly, Marriage by Mail|You stay on me like my godsdamned shadow, vampire."Mirceo's lips curved. "Eternally, demon.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|The next morning, the earth was strewn with debris from the windstorm the night before. An audience of trees looked down on severed limbs cast about the ground, their hunched and beaten postures reminding me of a congregation of amputees gathered in the wake of a war.
Prabakaran Thirumalai|Education has all the vowels in English. Unquestionably, it is not the only word.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Who you allow into your life, mind and heart are among the most important decisions you will ever make.
Augustine of Hippo, Homilies on the Gospel of John 1-40|In the ancient world, this was understood by the Christians, our only (if very imperfect) predecessors: Humility is a virtue, pride a vice; We comes from God, I from the Devil.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|There are spiritual laws at work that most people know nothing about. So when others hurt us, our tendency is to strike back because we assume that we must defend ourselves, defend our name, our honor, our career, and so on. In reality we strike back at ourselves. ... What we consider as justifiable defense of our rights may in reality plunge us into a vicious cycle that can undermine our very spiritual foundation. By reacting to aggression with aggression we lose the opportunity to spiritually benefit from the experience. this law also explains why saints, when hit, often would literally turn the other cheek. (Fr. Maximos)
Lara Biyuts. Vampire Armastus|The studio was immense and gloomy, the sole light within it proceeding from a stove, around which the three were seated. Although they were bold, and of the age when men are most jovial, the conversation had taken, in spite of their efforts to the contrary, a reflection from the dull weather without, and their jokes and frivolity were soon exhausted.In addition to the light which issued from the crannies in the stove, there was another emitted from a bowl of spirits, which was ceaselessly stirred by one of the young men, as he poured from an antique silver ladle some of the flaming spirit into the quaint old glasses from which the students drank. The blue flame of the spirit lighted up in a wild and fantastic manner the surrounding objects in the room, so that the heads of old prophets, of satyrs, or Madonnas, clothed in the same ghastly hue, seemed to move and to dance along the walls like a fantastic procession of the dead; and the vast room, which in the day time sparkled with the creations of genius, seemed now, in its alternate darkness and sulphuric light, to be peopled with its dreams.Each time also that the silver spoon agitated the liquid, strange shadows traced themselves along the walls, hideous and of fantastic form. Unearthly tints spread also upon the hangings of the studio, from the old bearded prophet of Michael Angelo to those eccentric caricatures which the artist had scrawled upon his walls, and which resembled an army of demons that one sees in a dream, or such as Goya has painted; whilst the lull and rise of the tempest without but added to the fantastic and nervous feeling which pervaded those within.Besides this, to add to the terror which was creeping over the three occupants of the room, each time that they looked at each other they appeared with faces of a blue tone, with eyes fixed and glittering like live embers, and with pale lips and sunken cheeks; but the most fearful object of all was that of a plaster mask taken from the face of an intimate friend but lately dead, which, hanging near the window, let the light from the spirit fall upon its face, turned three parts towards them, which gave it a strange, vivid, and mocking expression.All people have felt the influence of large and dark rooms, such as Hoffmann has portrayed and Rembrandt has painted; and all the world has experienced those wild and unaccountable terrors - panics without a cause - which seize on one like a spontaneous fever, at the sight of objects to which a stray glimpse of the moon or a feeble ray from a lamp gives a mysterious form; nay, all, we should imagine, have at some period of their lives found themselves by the side of a friend, in a dark and dismal chamber, listening to some wild story, which so enchains them, that although the mere lighting of a candle could put an end to their terror, they would not do so; so much need has the human heart of emotions, whether they be true or false. So it was upon the evening mentioned. The conversation of the three companions never took a direct line, but followed all the phases of their thoughts; sometimes it was light as the smoke which curled from their cigars, then for a moment fantastic as the flame of the burning spirit, and then again dark, lurid, and sombre as the smile which lit up the mask from their dead friend's face.At last the conversation ceased altogether, and the respiration of the smokers was the only sound heard; and their cigars glowed in the dark, like Will-of-the-wisps brooding o'er a stagnant pool.It was evident to them all, that the first who should break the silence, even if he spoke in jest, would cause in the hearts of the others a start and tremor, for each felt that he had almost unwittingly plunged into a ghastly reverie. ("The Dead Man's Story")
Lynn Jurich|'Survivor' wouldn't have happened had I not gone out there and helped CBS to sell sponsors to finance the first one. Part of my thinking on 'Survivor' was that it should have rewards that are corporate brands. A Big Mac, one thimble-full of Coca-Cola.
Jesse Bering, Perv: The Sexual Deviant in All of Us|The psychologist Charles Moser, for example, pointed out that those inclined to divide the "sane" from the "insane" in terms of frequency of sex and intensity of desires overlook the possibility that sex itself may be the most meaningful part of a person's life, "which appropriately can take precedence over other activities".
Jalaluddin Rumi|I know you're tired but come, this is the way.
Nicole Kidman|Conventional agriculture has never succeeded in feeding the world, and it's never produced anything good to eat. For the future, we need to look toward alternatives.
Jean Kerr|The only reason that they say, 'Women and children first' is to test the strength of the lifeboats.
Steve Maraboli|In my opinion, being a Christian is a noticeable behavior. If you have to tell somebody you’re a Christian, then you’re probably not doing it right.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|I don't act, I don't direct, I don't design.
Angela Davis|We must learn to regard people less in light of what they do or omit to do, and more in the light of what they suffer.
Aime Cesaire|My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Even envy, wants to even the score.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|The law is logical and is based on common sense. The trick was to argue the law in favor of your particular point of view without sounding biased. It was kind of like a magic trick: the best illusionist being the one who can best manipulate the logic to his or her advantage, all the while giving the illusion of impartiality.
Laini Taylor, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|Your attempt was valiant, but the fight was unfair. He was a seasoned warrior, fully armored. You were a lad with a short sword. You have a brave heart. That can be more important than size or strength.
Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures|That spring, Amelia takes Maya to the drugstore and lets her choose any polish color she likes. "How do you pick?" Maya says. "Sometimes I ask myself how I'm feeling," Amelia says. "Sometimes I ask myself how I'd like to be feeling.
M.F. Moonzajer|Atheism ... goes back to the Ancient Greek (a — a negative prefix, theos — god), evidencing the antiquity of the outlook of those who saw no presence of God (or gods) in their everyday lives, or who even denied the very existence of God (or gods). There are different types of atheism, but atheism in one form or another has existed in every civilization.[T]he concept "atheist" partially coincides with such notions as "skeptic," "agnostic," and "rationalist" and it borders with such notions as "anticlerical," "God fighter" (theomachist), and "God abuser" (blasphemer).It is wrong to identify an atheist as one who denies God, though this is what opponents of atheism usually claim. If such people exist, it would probably be more correct to call them the "verbal" murderers of God, for the prefix a- means denying as elimination. ... I would like to stress that the prefix a- does not necessarily mean rejection. It can mean "absence of." For example, "apathy" means "absence of passion." Thus, the concept "atheist" does not necessarily mean nihilism.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, but it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: music, laughter, the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands, the scent of rain, the concept of subway trains... if only one could leave this life slowly!
Jaimie Roberts, Siren|Female say Pack Leader stop,” Pack Leader said angrily.“What?” Caine could make no sense of it till he saw Diana striding up, dark hair flying, eyes furious.“I told this filthy beast to stop,” Diana said, barely controlled.“Stop what?” Caine demanded.“They’re still attacking the kids,” Diana said. “We’ve won. Sam is dead. Call them off, Caine.”Caine turned his attention back to the battle between Drake and the monster. “They’re coyotes,” Caine said coldly.Diana flew at him. “You’ve lost your mind, Caine. This has to stop. You’ve won. This has to stop.”“Or what, Diana? Or what?” Caine demanded. “Go get Lana. I’m hurt. Pack Leader, do what you want.”“Maybe this is why your mother abandoned you,” Diana said savagely. “Maybe she could see that you weren’t just bad, you were twisted and sick and evil.
David Harvey, Seventeen Contradictions and the End of Capitalism|What separates Rand from Marx is that the latter saw the true flourishing of individual creativity as best accomplished through collaboration and association with others in a collective drive to abolish the barriers of scarcity and material necessity beyond which, Marx held, the true realm of individual freedom could begin.
Ayn Rand|We can ignore reality, but we cannot ignore the consequences of ignoring reality.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Until woman as she is can drive this plastic spectre out of her own and her man's imagination she will continue to apologize and disguise herself, while accepting her male's pot-belly, wattles, bad breath, farting, stubble, baldness and other ugliness without complaint.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Overcome darkness, so that you may walk in the light.
Jonah Hill|I went to a motivational training course once, a course of self-discovery, and I found out after a week that my fear - it was not a fear of not being accepted - was a very violent fear of failure.
Tony Judt|It's a very complex scenario, and certainly Dave was, and is, not the only person in Pearl Jam with personality flaws. Everybody in this band exhibits some form of neurotic behavior. And we couldn't find a balance, a mutual respect for each other.
Henry Beston|Neuroscience has proven that similar areas of the brain are activated both in the person who suffers and in the one who feels empathy. Thus, empathic suffering is a true experience of suffering.
Steven Wright|It doesn’t matter what temperature a room is, it’s always room temperature.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|Excuse me if I feel skeptical,' I said. 'Coach's foot fell off. How exactly do you propose to cure that? Superglue?
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|One by one the angels had come to the top of Har Megiddo where I sat, holding her body close to mine after she'd died. I'd fought alongside them in battle, but up close, when they stood quietly watching us, they looked as beautiful as they looked unreal. the angels weren't supposed to feel emotions, but they were all weeping. All of them. Their tear stained their flawless faces like rain running in rivulets across stone. Azrael was the only one of then who came to me, knelt in front of me and took her from my arms. He was the angel of death come to carry his sister home. I din't want to give her up, knowing it would be the last time I ever saw her face. I had died on that wretched hill with her.
William Shakespeare|But if the while I think on thee, dear friend,All losses are restored and sorrows end.
Sami Abouzid|Can’t Stop Loving You (Italo – Dance Mix) ,,, was the 2nd soundtrack I ever created and still magical to my heart ….I love it more than words can ever say ,,,endless beauty
John Locke, Second Treatise of Government|Fear and anger are a threat to justice. They can infect a community, a state, or a nation, and make us blind, irrational, and dangerous.
Suzie Burke, Wholeness: My Healing Journey from Ritual Abuse|A man's life is his whole life, not the last glimmering snuff of the candle; and this, I say, is considerable, and not a little matter, whether we regard its pleasures or its pains. To draw a peevish conclusion to the contrary from our own superannuated desires or forgetful indifference is about as reasonable as to say, a man never was young because he has grown old, or never lived because he is now dead. The length or agreeableness of a journey does not depend on the few last steps of it, nor is the size of a building to be judged of from the last stone that is added to it. It is neither the first nor last hour of our existence, but the space that parts these two - not our exit nor our entrance upon the stage, but what we do, feel, and think while there - that we are to attend to in pronouncing sentence upon it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do all the work you can, while there is grace of strength.
Kathleen Brooks, Secret Santa|I don't want Christmas season to end, because it's the only time I can legitimately indulge in on particular addiction: glitter.
Anonymous|To die for a cause is easy, to live, to be steady day after day doing the small things, taking care of the details, knowing you will be forgotten by history and still choosing to do so, that is real courage
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|If a man hasn't what's necessary to make a woman love him, it's his fault, not hers.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|To the extent that we are trapped by the overvaluing, idealizing tendency, we are not free fully to celebrate the limited but real goods of creation. Idolatry by definition is not an accurate assessment of creaturely goods, but an overvaluing of them so as to miss the richness of their actual, limited values. If I worship my tennis trophies, my Mondrian, my family tree, my Kawasaki, or my bank account, then I do not really receive those goods for what they actually are - limited, historical, and finite - goods which are vulnerable to being taken away by time and death. When I pretend that a value is something more than it is, ironically I value it less appropriately than it deserves. Biblical psychology invites us to relate ourselves absolutely to the absolute and relatively to the relative.
Apollonius of Tyana|Anger begins with folly, and ends with repentance.
Ted Deutch|If two people believe in the same story, they might be thousands of miles apart and total strangers, but they still have a sense they can trust each other.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|If we meet a myth with our lives and deepest concerns, the mythic oracles speak directly to us. Myths are oracular in the sense that each person can receive a message or an insight that relates to their life circumstances. The point has never been to “believe” in myths or to simply accept what others have said they mean. The key issue with mythic images is to let them speak to us, wherever and whenever we find ourselves seeking guidance, permission, or understanding.
Kyung-Sook Shin, I'll Be Right There|We choose to embrace a quest, and we choose to live for adventure.
Dick Gregory|I love festivals because they seem like more of an artsy, supportive attitude - which benefits a more theatrical performer sometimes with having theater and other non-club venues, as well as the audience being filled with other artists. It's nice to be with other comics, as usually at other road gigs, I'm solo for the most part.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Autumn's Journey: Deep Growth in the Grief and Loss of Life's Seasons|Sociopath. A label given, and a title received. A definition adorned? Or perhaps a ribbon atop a word.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|As soon as she sees me she swings forward and hits a key on her keyboard. The music cuts off instantly. Strangely, the silence that follows seems just as loud.
Michael Moss, Salt Sugar Fat: How the Food Giants Hooked Us|The whole point of straws, I had thought, was that you did not have to set down the slice of pizza to suck a dose of Coke while reading a paperback.
Jesus Apolinaris|Whatever your passion is, keep doing it. Don't waste time chasing after success or comparing yourself to others. Stay focused on your passion and be consistent in your efforts. Eventually people will see what you are great at doing, and if you are truly great, success will come chasing after you. Remembered, Believe in yourself because your will is your most important asset.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|When you give your weakness permission to be because you understand that it is simply an expression of your strength, it tends to no longer be a weakness.
Fulton J. Sheen, Fulton Sheen's Wartime Prayer Book|It seems it doesn't pay to be good anymore, when people are short-changing you for evil.
Eraldo Banovac|Success is relative, but happiness is absolute.
Monica Ali|I think sometimes women are not driven by the same, albeit, testosterone power thing that pushes men to get into politics.
Cristina Henriquez, The Book of Unknown Americans|It is in this sense that Nietzsche is driven, against many explicit resolutions to the contrary, to be a No-sayer. For what the décadents who surround him are doing is to say No where they should be saying Yes, where they should be Dionysian; and what is leading them to this life-denying perversity, mostly of course unconsciously, is that they subscribe to a set of values that puts the central features of *this* world at a discount. Where they find suffering, they immediately look for someone to blame, and end up hating themselves, or generalize that into a hatred of "human nature". They look for "peace of mind", using it as a blanket term and failing to see the diversity of states, some of them desirable and some of them the reverse, which that term covers. They confuse cause and effect, thinking that the connection between virtue and happiness is that the former leads to the latter, whereas in fact the reverse is the case. They have, in Nietzsche's cruelly accurate phrase, "the vulgar ambition to possess generous feelings" ("Expeditions of an Untimely Man, number 6). They confuse breeding fine men with taming them. Throughout the major part of Twilight this devastating list of our vulgarities continues.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|...many of us know deep down, whether we choose to admit it or not, a number of simple truths: the global capitalist economy is incompatible with life. As numerous environmentalist authors... have noted, the global economy effectively creates infinite demand and no natural community can support infinite demand, especially when nothing beneficial is given back. A global economy is extractive, it gives nothing back, but follows the ecocidal pattern of a genocidal machine converting raw materials into power at the expense of living things and living systems.
Jandy Nelson|Most comedy is based on getting a laugh at somebody else's expense. And I find that that's just a form of bullying in a major way. So I want to be an example that you can be funny and be kind, and make people laugh without hurting somebody else's feelings.
Mark David Gerson, The Voice of the Muse: Answering the Call to Write|Writers often have the cleanest windows, floors, fridges and toilets, the most up-to-date filing system or the best record for returning calls or e-mails because, in the moment, just about any task seems more palatable than sitting down to write.” (p.136)
Patricia Highsmith|You see, I have a policy about honesty and ass-kicking, which is, if you ask for it, then I have to let you have it.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|Neither the stone that made you stumble is your enemy, nor the stone that helped you cross the river is your friend! Universe just lives its own life!
Gugu Mona|As each day comes to us refreshed and anew, so does my gratitude renew itself daily. The breaking of the sun over the horizon is my grateful heart dawning upon a blessed world. ~Terri Guillemets
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|Expect everything, I always say, and the unexpected never happens.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sinners, pray to a merciful God for forgiveness.
Henry Ward Beecher|it is madness in al women to let a secret love kindle within them, which, if unreturned and unknown, must devour the life that feeds it; and, if discovered and responded to, must lead into miry wilds whence there is no extrication.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|As for Percy, he held his magic ballpoint pen like he was trying to decide whether to bust out some sword moves or autograph Nike’s chariot.
Stephen Covey|We can actually live out the trials and temptations of the day before they come. We can in prayer deal with all our unrighteous aspirations, selfishness, perverse inclinations, impatience, anger, procrastination. This is a form of spiritual creation.
Joseph Heller|War, misery, and death spared no soul, and took pity on no family.
Peter Hedges|In the living room, the consensus among the guests was that Scotty’s looks favored his father, but the Judge was quick to disagree: ‘He doesn’t look a thing like me. He looks like an hors d'oeuvre.’Hearing this, Joan thought the following, and pledged it to herself, as both prayer and promise: You will be loved, Scotty Ocean.And while the guests laughed at the Judge’s remark, Joan leaned over and softly whispered to her newborn son, 'You will be loved.
Nina Jon|A selection of quotes from The Night of Harrison Monk’s Death (Jane Hetherington's Adventures in Detection: 1)"Is this one of the more unusual cases of safe-breaking you've been asked to investigate, Mrs Hetherington?""Remember your private detective wants to be able to sleep soundly at night and in their own bed, not one supplied as her Majesty's pleasure.""It seems to be an open and shut case doesn't it? But it's not you know? How do you know if anything is what it seems?""But where is Cheung kin?""When I first set eyes on your father, he was spying on a man from between two volumes of the Encyclopaedia Britannica.""I don't think I need say more." "On the contrary, if you want me to have any idea what you're talking about, I think you do.""Why don't you report it to the police?" "Because I stole it in the first place didn't I?""It's something of a mystery, I admit.""Vanished into thin air!""You sound so sensible Mrs Hetherington. Please help us get to the bottom of this."Ah, thought Jane – the old story."No body was found?""Shall I put the kettle on?" "Only if you fill it with whiskey.""The course of true love didn't run smoothly for me either, you know.""Life has its tragedies for sure.""… What do I want? I want money that's what I want. I want money."She was even more horrified by the words she heard next.Callum MacCallum knew what it was like to be an outsider.
Louisa May Alcott|Far to our left I could see a commercial airliner on final approach to Soekarno-Hatta. Far to our right I could see the outline of tall city buildings. The imagery was hard to ignore. In the midst was an impoverished world filled with dangerous radicals. Some believed it was God’s will to crash airplanes into buildings. Some recruited children to self-detonate on buses and in coffee shops. It must be incredibly difficult to hold fast to hope when you live in such a world. It’s also hard to keep faith with humanity when religious ideology is used as an impetus for war. But I also believe that for every war there is a hero … and for me, Jakarta will always be Indira’s city.
Harold Robbins, Never Leave Me|The same thing that makes friendship so valuable is what makes it so tenuous: it is purely voluntary. You enter into it freely, without the imperatives of biology or the agenda of desire. Officially, you owe each other nothing.
Sunday Adelaja|Instead it is the Church hierarchy that is rather teaching congregation to be afraid of darkness, instead of teaching them to go with light to overcome darkness.
Rebekah Elizabeth Gamble|Other sovereign democratic states have central governments more corrupted other than our own, but most can fall back on unifying elements we lack: common ethnicity, a shared religion, or near-universal consensus on many fundamental political issues. The United States needs its central government to function cleanly, openly, and efficiently because it's one of the few things binding us together.
René Girard, I See Satan Fall Like Lightning|The essence of desire is to have no essential goal. Truly to desire, we must have recourse to people about us; we have to desire their desires.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|But all I could think of was how when nothing made sense and hadn't for ages, you just have to grab onto anything you feel sure of.
Josephine de La Baume|I think the French have a romantic cliche that Englishmen have great style, great music, irony and sense of humour. Well, sometimes cliches are true.
Veerappa Moily|Everybody in America has been dependent on the government at some time. We owe everybody in America the right to vote and access to capital. What I say is, let's make America work, let's make democracy and free enterprise work for everybody.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If I could, I'd write a huge encyclopedia just about the words luck and coincidence
Derek Donais, MetalMagic: Talisman|His men had begun gathering the wounded or stunned into a small group some distance back up the slope. Here and there an animal or human stirred, but not many. There were few cries of pain or fear now. Mostly, it was eerily quiet. Even the insects had ceased their music.
Koos Kruger, Business Exit Companion: An Owner's Guide to Exit Planning and Unlocking Value|You wouldn’t get in a car and drive around aimlessly, hoping to eventually arrive at a pleasant destination. So why would you even consider doing this for your business?
Walter Kaufmann|Renouncing false beliefs will not usher in the millennium. Few things about the strategy of contemporary apologists are more repellent than their frequent recourse to spurious alternatives. The lesser lights inform us that the alternative to Christianity is materialism, thus showing how little they have read, while the greater lights talk as if the alternative were bound to be a shallow and inane optimism. I don't believe that man will turn this earth into a bed of roses either with the aid of God or without it. Nor does life among the roses strike me as a dream from which one would not care to wake up after a very short time.
P.D. James, The Lighthouse|Salcombe Hardy groaned: "How long, O Lord, how long shall we have to listen to all this tripe about commercial arsenic? Murderers learn it now at their mother's knee.
Francis Chan, Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God|Our greatest fear as individuals & as a church should not be of failure, but of suceeding at things in life that dont really matter.
Sabrina Jeffries, Dance of Seduction|She looked not so much composed as drawn inward. She was one of those people who are irrevocably, incurably honest and therefore both inflexible and vulnerable at the same time.
George S. Clason, The Richest Man in Babylon|As for time, all men have it in abundance.
C.S. Lewis|Child, to say the very thing you really mean, the whole of it, nothing more or less or other than what you really mean; that's the whole art and joy of words.
Frederick Douglass|Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe.
Wendell Berry, Bringing it to the Table: On Farming and Food|Some of the most memorable, and least regrettable, nights of my own youth were spent in coon hunting with farmers. There is no denying that these activities contributed to the economy of farm households, but a further fact is that they were pleasures; they were wilderness pleasures, not greatly different from the pleasures pursued by conservationists and wilderness lovers. As I was always aware, my friends the coon hunters were not motivated just by the wish to tree coons and listen to hounds and listen to each other, all of which were sufficiently attractive; they were coon hunters also because they wanted to be afoot in the woods at night. Most of the farmers I have known, and certainly the most interesting ones, have had the capacity to ramble about outdoors for the mere happiness of it, alert to the doings of the creatures, amused by the sight of a fox catching grasshoppers, or by the puzzle of wild tracks in the snow.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Venice is beautiful, but like a Bergman movie is beautiful; you can admire it, but you don't really want to live in it.
Lauren Kate, Teardrop|Don't let Ron see what's on those Slytherin's badges," she whispered urgently.Harry looked questioningly at her, but she shook her head warningly; Ron had just ambled over to them, looking lost and desparate."Good luck, Ron," said Hermione, standing on tiptoe and kissing him on the cheek. "And you, Harry --"Ron seemed to come to himself slightly as they walked back across the Great Hall. He touched the spot on his face where Hermione had kissed him, looking puzzled, as though he was not quite sure what had just happened.
Julia Barr|If I had the choice between smoked salmon and tinned salmon, I'd have it tinned. With vinegar.
Richie Havens|Music is the major form of communication. It's the commonest vibration, the people's news broadcast, especially for kids.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|In a minute, in an hour, it will be too late; whatever is happening to her will be set in stone, will belong to the past. But now is not too late. Now he must do something
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Amnesty is the forgiveness of something. Amnesty is anything that says, 'Do it illegally, it will be cheaper and easier.'
Douglas Horton|The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.
Mark W Boyer|There is no such thing as, "I trust you a little or I trust you a lot." You either trust, or you do not.
Joe DeRouen, Small Things|Cora didn't know a whole lot about wendigo, but there were ways in which they were just like people: they wanted above everything to live through the night("Stay")
John Lennon|What if it's the thereand not the herethat I long for?The wanderand not the wait,the magicin the lost feetstumbling downthe faraway streetand the way the moonnever hangsquite the same.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Legion, cuneum formate!’ Reyna yelled. ‘Advance!’ Another cheer on Jason’s right as Percy and Annabeth reunited with the forces of Camp Half-Blood. ‘Greeks!’ Percy yelled. ‘Let’s, um, fight stuff!’ They yelled like banshees and charged. Jason grinned. He loved the Greeks. They had no organization whatsoever, but they made up for it with enthusiasm.
Catherynne M. Valente|When you do a studio picture, all the paperwork and legal stuff is already taken care of!
Aimee Carter, Queen|He's my family, and you don't just push family aside for some itch you want to scratch. That's not how real love works. Real love is support, even when you're fighting. Real love in honesty, even when the truth hurts like hell. Real love is being there through every miserable minute and every indefinite minute.
Debasish Mridha|To feel the joy of life, smile with love.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|The Game gives you a Purpose. The Real Game is, to Find a Purpose.
Denis Waitley|It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.
Christie Hodgen|I was abused my family was the "brady bunch
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Love, no matter how high or low its form, must be requited, or the lover suffers.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|Oh well," McWatt sang, "what the hell.
Sunday Adelaja|God works on earth only through the prayers of believers and based on this basis, the destiny of this world is not in the hands of earthly kings and rulers but in the hands of prayer warriors.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Nothing stops the great from being greater and so was with Tulga Demir, born in Germany, who started his entrepreneurial journey at the young age of 17 in the USA.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|It was snowing when I got off the bus at Flax Hill. Not quite regular snowfall, not exactly a blizzard. This is how it was: The snow came down heavily, settled for about a minute, then the wind moved it - more rolled it, really - onto another target. One minute you were covered in snow, then it sped off sideways, as if a brisk, invisible giant had taken pity and brushed you down.
Erin Fall Haskell|Channelling is your higher self streaming through in a version your limited mind can accept. There is no such thing as a separate entity, only the perception of it. You are all of it!
Roger Federer|The type of cuisine I do, especially after being on 'Iron Chef' for several years, is a lot of global cuisine. My strength has always been Mediterranean cuisine across the board from Morocco, Spain, Italy, Greece, France, but I think now I'm doing a lot of very different cuisines all the time.
Julie Otsuka, When the Emperor Was Divine|Mostly though, they waited. For the mail. For the news. For the bells. For breakfast and lunch and dinner. For one day to be over and the next day to begin.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|If being premenstrual is “innocence,” does that make those of us with periods guilty? And this really gets to the heart of the matter: These concerns aren't about lost innocence; they're about lost girlhood. The virginity movement doesn't want women to be adults. Despite the movement's protestations about how this focus on innocence or preserving virginity is just a way of protecting girls, the truth is, it isn't a way to desexualize them. It simply positions their sexuality as “good”— worth talking about, protecting, and valuing—and women's sexuality, adult sexuality, as bad and wrong. The (perhaps) unintended consequences of this focus is that girl's sexuality is sexualized and fetishized even further.
Sunday Adelaja|If you do not evaluate your salvation highly enough, then in time you will backslide
Pope John Paul II|The end of law is not to abolish or restrain, but to preserve and enlarge freedom. For in all the states of created beings capable of law, where there is no law, there is no freedom.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|In the dark, with the windows lit and the rows of books glittering, the library is a closed space, a universe of self-serving rules that pretend to replace or translate those of the shapeless universe beyond. 
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|Lila!" he said cheerfully. "So you aren't a figment of my brothers imagination after all.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|The bird music sank into her, like a song you used to know but forgot long ago. You hear a piano play it some day, and for a minute you feel a happy pain, but you don't know why. Bird felt like that.
T. Kingfisher, The Raven and the Reindeer|When your identity switch from the personal identity to the eternal self, no fear of death or karmic bondage arise in you.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|I curse when I get really upset. Letting off steam that way makes me feel a little bit better. I've been through a lot, but I have never had the urge to go postal. I thank fuck for that.
George Eliot|I hate failure and that divorce was a Number One failure in my eyes. It was the worst period of my life. Neither Desi nor I have been the same since, physically or mentally.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|I have always loved music. My mom used to sing with my sister and I when I was younger, and I was in choirs and loved to perform, but when I was in college, I went on a study abroad to Trinidad, and while I was there, I sang backup at my first concert.
Megan Whalen Turner, A Conspiracy of Kings|Logic, n. The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding. The basic of logic is the syllogism, consisting of a major and a minor premise and a conclusion - thus:Major Premise: Sixty men can do a piece of work sixty times as quickly as one man.Minor Premise: One man can dig a post-hole in sixty seconds; Therefore-Conclusion: Sixty men can dig a post-hole in one second.This may be called syllogism arithmetical, in which, by combining logic and mathematics, we obtain a double certainty and are twice blessed.
Caroline Kennedy, She Walks in Beauty: A Woman's Journey Through Poems|Our mothers are our first teachers, and we teach others the same lessons we learn from them. As a child, when your mother believes in you, you believe in yourself, and when that happens, there is nothing you can’t do. As a mother, that is the greatest gift we can give to a child.
Lois Wyse, Lovetalk; how to say what you mean to someone you love|So many television marriages -that playing out of lives against a background of the tube.Instead of two lives filing the room,There are their two lives and the eleven o'clock news withConstant commercial interruption.Instead of what you say and what I say.You don't laugh with me;I don't laugh with you.All the wit comes pouring out of the tube.And we laugh at it together.The more we avoid talkingthe more passive the relationship becomes.Television permits us to walk through lifewith minor speaking parts.And the more we fail to speak,the more difficult speaking becomes
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Money is not indefinitely divisible. Even with the assistance of money-substitutes for expressing fractional sums that for technical reasons cannot conveniently be expressed in the actual monetary material (a method that has been brought to perfection in the modern system of token coinage), it seems entirely impossible to provide commerce with every desired fraction of the monetary unit.
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|An hour later, Amina stood at a pay phone in a mall hallway, where poop and perfume and the grease from the food court formed the kind of atmosphere you might find in Jupiter's red spot
Oprah Winfrey|Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.
Susanna Kearsley, The Winter Sea|But life, if nothing else, had taught her promises weren't always to be counted on, and what appeared at first a shining chance might end in bitter disappointment.
Salvador Dalí|The difference between false memories and true ones is thesame as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look themost real, the most brilliant.
Michael Grant, Gone|It is all new and all the same. A hundred years. A day. Ten thousand moons. For them, each day indeed is brand new, full of possibility, the unknown: a wonderland.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|One Lord, one faith and one baptism.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|If variety is the spice of life, then my life must be one of the spiciest you ever heard of. A curry of a life. -Paul Child
Katie Reus, Hunter Reborn|Maybe we could get Aiden some pants because I'm tired of looking at his junk," Jayce muttered.
Jennifer Frick-Ruppert, Spirit Quest|Stories have endings; that's why we tell them, for reassurance that there is meaning in our lives. But like a diagnosis, a story can become a prison, a straight road mapped out by the people who went before. Stories are not the truth.
Dee Williams|I never saw this coming - the little house was working its magic, connecting me to people and materials I never would have guessed would find their way into the picture.
Casey Stengel|Most people sort of enjoy going to work because of the socialisation, a chance to flirt with co-workers and so on, but actually hate the job they do.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Happiness has no book value, but life has no value if there is no happiness.
Lionel Richie|When checking in at an airport, no matter how rude the check-in person is to you, always smile and be nice because you don't know what kind of day they've had. You are going on holiday and they're stuck wherever they are. Be nice to them because they can re-route your baggage to wherever they feel like.
Rachel Coker|Do you remember the Shire, Mr. Frodo? It'll be spring soon. And the orchards will be in blossom. And the birds will be nesting in the hazel thicket. And they'll be sowing the summer barley in the lower fields... and eating the first of the strawberries with cream. Do you remember the taste of strawberries?
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|We weave together the many skeins of our words,Into poems and stories and books,And the books are made so much more vivacious and colourful,For all the care that is woven in along with the words.
Rizwan R. Khan|Miracles are just formal requests, Shara thinks wildly. It's like having a form preprinted and filled out and handing it in to get exactly what you want! But you don't always have to do it that way! You can make it up as you go along, so long as you do it right!
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|With the smell of beer I try to get the smell of death off me. And only the smell of death will get the smell of beer off you, like all the drinkers whose graves I have to dig.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you follow your heart, you know true happiness.
Hanif Kureishi, The Buddha of Suburbia|You see, I have come to believe in self-help, individual initiative, the love of what you do, and the full development of all individuals. I am constantly disappointed by how little we expect of ourselves and of the world.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, Snowfed Waters|I am that, I AM!" We always intend to BE something or someone, where we already ARE everything we could ever desire to be. We just need to unlock the part of us we wanna be. And the key to THAT is the FEELING about THAT. TO BE IS NOT AS IMPORTANT AS TO FEEL! ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ‪#‎StardustAK‬
U.G. Krishnamurti, The Mystique of Enlightenment: The Radical Ideas of U.G. Krishnamurti|Sometimes, you can't say anything even yourself !
Amy Leigh Mercree|It is not the amount of friends that is important, but the amount of integrity, sincerity, and love in your friends
Donna Lynn Hope|For those who praise God and say “God is good,” or, ‘I’m so blessed,” when you get what YOU want, try praising Him and saying, “God is good,” and “I’m so blessed,” when you’re suffering. To do the first is effortless. The masses do it, that's how easy it is. To do the latter requires something greater: strength, faith and gratitude - no matter the ouch involved.
John Ruskin|Change is inevitable, continuous, and constant. Expectations of anything or anyone remaining the same can only lead to struggles and hardships. Willing Change
Amie Kaufman|I'm leaning against the bookshelves when it occurs to me that one thing here is real-the books. I reach behind me and let my fingers trail over the rough leather of their antique spines, then pull one free. Nobody here reads them; the books are for decoration. Chosen for the richness of their leather bindings not for the contents of their pages. Nobody will miss one, and I need a dose of reality.
Brandon J.errick Doctor|I've been through hell in this life, yet risen up and survived.I felt pity after heard that boy's preaching about motivation.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Diaries|You said your mom is the goddess of balance," I reminded him. "The minor gods deserve better, Ethan, but total destruction isn't balance. Kronos doesn't build. He only destroys.
Ross  Turner, Reaper|He was like nothing she’d ever known.Marcii hoped she would come to know him, for he was all she could ever have asked for and more.
Janet Reno|I didn't move to Nashville with any inkling or dreams of getting a record deal. I didn't have those stars in my eyes. I just wanted to take a break, relax, and figure out songwriting.
Katie MacAlister, Holy Smokes|Hey!” I said, indignation filling me. “I’m immortal! Doesn’t that mean I won’t get saggy boobs and gray hair? Because if it doesn’t mean that, I want a refund—
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce|When I was a kid, the idea of gettin' paid to paint your face... listen, I grew up in Ossining, New York, a nice little town by the Hudson, and nothin' ever interested me except being your usual high school big shot, which I was an' loved it, played all the sports and goofed around, always out on the street with the guys, everything was funny t'me.
Mark Zuckerberg|It was very much like Norman Rockwell: small town America. We walked to school or rode our bikes, stopped at the penny candy store on the way home from school, skated on the pond.
Chris Matakas|Jiu Jitsu gives me an ideal to strive toward. Technical mastery lies on an infinite continuum and completion of this skill is impossible. Every time I train I have something that I can improve upon, and this will hold true for each and every training session that lies between me and my grave.
Abhijit Naskar, The God Parasite: Revelation of Neuroscience|The practice of the Sufis is too sublime to have a formal beginning,
Debasish Mridha|Dance on the stage of life with love in your heart, a smile on your face, and a great vision in your mind.
Nikhil Kumar|Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect.
Phillip Andrew Bennett Low, Indecision Now! A Libertarian Rage|A number of people who I’ve talked to about this assume that I got into a fight with the cops. (Because of, y'know, the militant politics.) I actually had an audience member come up to me once and ask me if I paid taxes. Of course I pay taxes! I pay taxes for exactly the same reason that I hate paying taxes — because I think my government is terrifying and stupid. I don't need the IRS kicking my door down and taking my meticulously alphabetized collection of Tijuana bibles.
Nityananda Das, Divine Union|The right relationship will bring out the best in you. If it doesn’t, it isn’t.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Four Spirits|The nutcracker sits under the holiday tree, a guardian of childhood stories. Feed him walnuts and he will crack open a tale...
Terry Pratchett, Mort|Practically anything can go faster than Disc light, which is lazy and tame, unlike ordinary light. The only thing known to go faster than ordinary light is monarchy, according to the philosopher Ly Tin Wheedle. He reasoned like this: you can't have more than one king, and tradition demands that there is no cap between kings, so when a king dies the succession must therefore pass to the heir instantaneously. presumably, he said, these must be some elementary particles - kingons, or possibly queons - that do this job, but of course succession sometimes fails if, mid-flight, they strike an anti-particle, or republicon. His ambitious plan to use his discovery to send messages, involving the careful torturing of a small king in order to modulate the signal, were never fully expounded because, at that point, the bar closed.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|You don't have to tell me everything right away, but I have to tell you everything right away? Can't you see how stupid that is?
M.L. von Franz|Physicists like to think that all you have to do is say, these are the conditions, now what happens next?
Eliza Griswold|Saying of the ProphetTasksWhoever makes all his tasks one task, God will help him in his other concerns.
Harry PS|Better to do planning,Rather than being planned.
Dan Lyons, Disrupted: My Misadventure in the Start-Up Bubble|We want to empower the doctors and patients to get all the other assholes out of the way,' Clark had once told me, then laughed. 'Except for us. One asshole in the middle.
Dahlia Adler, Out on Good Behavior|When has a civilian ever stopped a mass shooting with an AR-15? An AR-15 is a perfect weapon for mass murderers -- not so much for self-defense. Would you bring an AR-15 along on a date? To your place of work? To the movies? If not, how can owning an AR-15 save your life in the event of a mass shooting? Why does the NRA keep telling us we need semi-automatic rifles for self-defense? Whose side are they really on?
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Time flies fast, but it's good you are the pilot. Just control your time well away from hijackers. Save time profitably; Spend time productively!
Arthur C. Clarke|When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible, he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong.
Tracie Miles, Your Life Still Counts: How God Uses Your Past to Create a Beautiful Future|...if He has a message to get across to us, He will continually reaffirm what He has said through a variety of ways.
Robert Bresson|I don't know.  I don't really like old movies.  The acting is so, 'Hey buddy, ol' pal.  Let's go wear our hats and have a big misunderstanding
Elisabeth Eaves, Wanderlust: A Love Affair with Five Continents|How can we distinguish what is biologically determined from what people merely try to justify through biological myths? A good rule of thumb is ‘Biology enables, Culture forbids.’ Biology is willing to tolerate a very wide spectrum of possibilities. It’s culture that obliges people to realize some possibilities while forbidding others. Biology enables women to have children – some cultures oblige women to realize this possibility. Biology enables men to enjoy sex with one another – some cultures forbid them to realize this possibility. Culture tends to argue that it forbids only that which is unnatural. But from a biological perspective, nothing is unnatural. Whatever is possible is by definition also natural. A truly unnatural behavior, one that goes against the laws of nature, simply cannot exist.
Michael Schumacher|Arrogance, ignorance, and incompetence. Not a pretty cocktail of personality traits in the best of situations. No sirree. Not a pretty cocktail in an office-mate and not a pretty cocktail in a head of state. In fact, in a leader, it's a lethal cocktail.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Wives and Daughters|The French girls would tell you, to believe that you were pretty would make you so.
Bill Pronzini, Spook|He and the second wife must have made a very close, self-contained unit--two people moving through life as if in a thinly membraned bubble, venturing out separately for practical purposes but neither of them whole unless they were together. People who didn't need many friends or outside activities, who found complete fulfillment in each other.
Sully Erna|I'm not the one who's so far awayWhen I feel the snake bite enter my veins.Never did I wanna be here again,And I don't remember why I came.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|Some people look like they sound better than they actually sound, because they look confident and have good posture," once musician, a veteran of many auditions, says. "Other people look awful when they play but sound great. Other people have that belabored look when they play, but you can't hear it in the sound. There is always this dissonance between what you see and hear" (p.251).
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Goals are easily scored with either a skillful strike or a strong one. If you make a strong strike, it's impossible for it to be defended by obstacles in your goal!
Erin Hunter, Mistystar's Omen|I believe in the importance of learning from what has been discovered before. And in how precious health is, and how hard I must work to preserve it in all my Clanmates. The fact that the world of signs, omens, and dreams that have hidden meanings is closed to me doesn't feel like something is missing, Mistystar. I respect what you believe. You must respect what matters to me.
Anne Lamott, Traveling Mercies: Some Thoughts on Faith|I watched him carefully. He was making art because he has to, and because he's brave enough to try and make contact, right there on the edge of madness, where he dreams.
Miranda Kerr|I think it's brought the world a lot closer together, and will continue to do that. There are downsides to everything; there are unintended consequences to everything. The most corrosive piece of technology that I've ever seen is called television - but then, again, television, at its best, is magnificent.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|Rose pivoted. “Alainn, can I ask you something about ethics?” Alainn nodded, slowly. “Sure.” Rose’s inhuman eyes met hers, and she asked, “Would you die to save a million people?
Nicole Gulla, The Lure of the Moon|Babe, when we have sex, we create magic. We leave earth. We travel the fucking universe. Sex with you goes on and never ends. It transcends. I’m fucking addicted to it. Addicted to you. I didn’t want to share you.
Mark Twain|By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity – another man’s, I mean.
Nikki Sixx|Reflecting back, we all make mistakes; we all go through our stuff - relationships, financial, all kinds of stuff - and if you can grow from that and pass that message on, it's a pretty cool thing.
Debasish Mridha|Listen to the song of your heart, now follow the melody.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|When the finely tuned balance among the different parts of bodies breaks down, the individual creature can die. A cancerous tumor, for example, is born when one batch of cells no longer cooperates with others. By dividing endlessly, or by failing to die properly, these cells can destroy the necessary balance that makes a living individual person. Cancers break the rules that allow cells to cooperate with one another. Like bullies who break cooperative societies, cancers behave in their own best interest until they kill their larger community, the human body.
Balroop Singh|Music has always assuaged my lacerations, brightened my hours, added glow to my little joys and given wings to my fantasy flights.
Suky Achchille|He(Rahul Dravid) is the intelligent man's guide to what a sportsman ought to be - modest, dependable, well-educated, with the gift of grace under pressure and a perspective that is adult. He is the comfort for those who know they cannot be Tendulkar
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your thoughts, beliefs, and interpretations initiate and largely determine how you experience your reality.
Luke Bryan|Being positive is like going up a mountain. Being negative is like sliding down a hill. A lot of times, people want to take the easy way out, because it's basically what they've understood throughout their lives.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|I like being brave well enough, but I will be a lazy coward again if you think that would be better.
JT Fields|Think you can live forever, act like today is your last day on earth.
Frederick Douglass|From the perspective of my old laptop,I am a numbers man,something like thatevery instruction he gives me is a one or a zeroI remember wellI have information about him before he left for his new toythinner, younger, able to keep up with him,I have information about himmay 15th 2008, he listened to a songfive times in succession it was titled Everybody, open parenthesis, Backstreet's Back, close parenthesisit included the lyric'Am I sexual, yeaaaaah'He said once, computers like a sense of finality to themwhen I write something I don't want to be able to run from itthis was a liehe was addicted to my ability to keep his secretsI am a numbers man,every instruction he gives me is a one, or a zeroI remember wellJanuary, 7th 2007I was youngjust two week awakehe gave me, a new series of one's and zerosthe most sublime sequence I have ever seenit had curves, and shadow, it was himhe gave his face in numbersand trusted me to be the artist, and I wasdo not laughI have read about your Godyou kill each other over your grand fathers memory of himI still remember the fingertips of my God dancing across my bodyAfter I learnt to draw himhe trusted with more art rubricjpeg 1063 was his favouriteHim, and that woman, resting her head in the curve of his nickI read his correspondenceshe hasn't written him back in yearsbut he asks for it, constantly,jpeg 1063, jpeg 1063, jpeg 1063it was my master piece it looked so, .., life likeI wanted to tell himThat's not herthat is methat is not her facethose are my ones and zeroswaltzing in space for youshe is nothing more than my shadow puppetyou do not miss her, you miss me,I am a numbers man,every instruction he gives is a one or a zeroI remember wellbut he taught me to be a Da Vinci and I sit here, with his portraits waiting for him to returnI do not think he willIs that what it means to be humanto be all powerful, to build a temple to yourselfand leaveonly the walls to pray
Anna M. Aquino|Ninja Mom's can't be all their called to be, if their so stressed out about how their going to pay their Mastercard bill
Leonardo da Vinci|Study without desire spoils the memory, and it retains nothing that it takes in.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Hurt but do not harm?” Zach asked. “What’s the difference?” “Hurt is a bruise on the outside.” Nora sipped her mineral water delicately. “Harm is a bruise on the inside. If you’re a masochist, pain feels like love to you. Not being hurt is what hurts.
Cassandra Rose Clarke, The Mad Scientist's Daughter|She had thought about that moment so often during the past few years it had dried out. It was stale, like old, odourless potpourri. But she still want back to it, because it was the only one.
Jonathan Kozol|Aging is an inevitable process. I surely wouldn't want to grow younger. The older you become, the more you know; your bank account of knowledge is much richer.
Tom Walsh|The hundred-year-old man had never let himself be irritated by people, even when there was a good reason to be, and he was not annoyed by the uncouth manner of this youth.
Maria Angelova|Those who say traveling is expensive, are just ill-informed.
Cherie Blair|No matter what happens in a child's home, no matter what other social and economic factors may impede a child, there's no question in my mind that a first-rate school can transform almost everything.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|You men have none of you any hearts.''If we have not hearts, we have eyes; and they give us torment enough.
Colleen Hoover, November 9|I think about you every second of every day and I don’t know how to get over you,” she says.“Don’t,” I beg her. “Please don’t get over me.
D. Kostadinov, Dream Wildly: How to Overcome Fears and Doubts for the sake of success|The greatest war in our lives is the one against our own fears and illusions. We fight countless battles with our deluded consciousness which sometimes strives for making not the best, but the safest and least risky decisions.
President George Washington|One glance at any government budget anywhere in the world tells the story—the money is always in place, already allocated, the motive everywhere is fear, the more immediate the fear, the higher the multiples.
Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions|But without deeper reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people--first of all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness is wholly dependent, and then for the many, unknown to us, to whose destinies we are bound by the ties of sympathy.
Graham Greene, Doctor Fischer of Geneva or The Bomb Party|I doubt if ever one ceases to love, but one can cease to be in love as easily as one can outgrow an author one admired as a boy.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|…falling in love is a state of mental misery which has a restricting, impoverishing, and paralyzing effect upon the development of our consciousness.
Deepak Chopra|I designed 'Buffy' to be an icon, to be an emotional experience, to be loved in a way that other shows can't be loved. Because it's about adolescence, which is the most important thing people go through in their development, becoming an adult.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|He thinks himself rather an exceptional young man, thoroughly sophisticated, well adjusted to his environment, and somewhat more significant than any one else he knows.
Nicolaas Bloembergen|I am terribly glad to be alive and when I have wit enough to think about it, terribly proud to be a man and an American with all the rights and privileges that those words connote. And most of all I am humbled before the responsibilities that are also mine. For no right comes without a responsibility and being born luckier than most of the world's millions, I am also born more obligated.
Rikki Ducornet|I, sole heir to the Munodi line and memory, am childless. A friend who knows such things has told me that this explains my compulsion to capture what I can with black ink on white paper." ("The Volatilized Ceiling of Baron Munodi")
Stephen Roberts|I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
Vironika Tugaleva|To spend your time trying to make your body flawless is to waste your time. Even if it appears to match some externalized ideals of perfection for a moment, your physical self will wrinkle and age. Work on your mind. Work on your legacy.
Dorothy Bussy, Olivia|Arrogance is an illusion of superiority one perpetrates upon their self. Some may ultimately find their way through the illusion, but only after many losses.
Sana Krasikov|Florence, listen to me carefully. He squeezed her hand. Take whatever that agent offers you. Give him what he wants, and don’t ask too many questions. Get yourself an exit visa as soon as you can. Then leave! Disappear. Forget this wretched place
Henry Rollins|Underwater, I experience space with my body. I'll see a school of fish gathering and moving together and I'll exclaim, 'This is architecture.'
Lauren Tarshis, Emma Jean Lazarus Fell Out of a Tree|Colleen had this idea -- a faded, crumpled, smudged idea -- that being nice counted for something.
Rebecca Traister|First thing I said to him was, 'LeBron, you know this is true. We had five good years and one bad night'. Like a marriage that's good, and then one bad thing happens, and you never talk to each other again.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Determined soul, willing spirit.
Danika Stone, Intaglio: The Snake and the Coins|God as you probably now know, uses us to do His work. The last time He sent his son, we killed him! We will now have to do the heavy lifting ourselves. We know the Law and we know it's true.
Debasish Mridha|I may not believe in magic, but I know words have the magical power to change a person or a life in a second.
Thom Mayne|In art or architecture your project is only done when you say it's done. If you want to rip it apart at the eleventh hour and start all over again, you never finish. I was one of those crazy creatures.
Sarah M. Cradit, The Storm and the Darkness|Danger, like a third man, was standing in the room.
Jorge Luis Borges|From the twilight of day till the twilight of evening, a leopard, in the last years of the thirteenth century, would see some wooden planks, some vertical iron bars, men and women who changed, a wall and perhaps a stone gutter filled with dry leaves. He did not know, could not know, that he longed for love and cruelty and the hot pleasure of tearing things to pieces and the wind carrying the scent of a deer, but something suffocated and rebelled within him and God spoke to him in a dream: "You live and will die in this prison so that a man I know of may see you a certain number of times and not forget you and place your figure and symbol in a poem which has its precise place in the scheme of the universe. You suffer captivity, but you will have given a word to the poem." God, in the dream, illumined the animal's brutishness and the animal understood these reasons and accepted his destiny, but, when he awoke, there was in him only an obscure resignation, a valorous ignorance, for the machinery of the world is much too complex for the simplicity of a beast.
Garrison Keillor|I found that, academically, it really didn't matter whether I had received a certain grade in a class; it didn't matter too much what schools I wanted to attend... What matters is one's drive, one's intelligence.
Dee Henderson, The Witness|Or you just not ask her.""You might as well slit my throat.
C. JoyBell C.Bell C.|Some people are never overcome by anything: not by grief, not by love, not by anything or anyone. They never hold on too tight and they never push too hard. And other people are overcome by almost everything: by grief, by love, by almost everything. They hold on too tight and they push too hard. Both the flower and the storm bring awe and admiration. Do we live life pushing and pulling and gasping at lightning bolts? Or do we live life poised and positive and breathing clandestine proportions? Who knows! Who can ever say?
Jami Gertz|That's the thing. in medicine, you're used to saying there's a problem within the person, and saying there's a problem within the culture, that's not a medical answer. Medicine has to look in one direction, so there's only one type of answer that they can find.
Katie Ganshert, A Broken Kind of Beautiful|After Sara's accident, so many well-intentioned people had offered her words of hope - that God would heal her, that she would see again - as if that was a given. It was the same hope people had offered Marilyn all those years ago. Story upon story of women who had struggled through infertility and ended up with a child on the other side.'God is good. It'll happen,' they had told her.As if God's goodness depended upon whether or not He answered prayers the way people wanted Him to answer. The hard truth was the sometimes He didn't. He hadn't rescued Marilyn from her infertility, and He hadn't rescued Sara from her blindness. But that didn't negate His goodness. It just meant that He had different plans.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the most powerful force on this world. You can't touch it but feel it. You can bind together the whole world with it, you can win the war with it. It is faster than light, sharper than laser knife. It is softer than puffer candy but can melt your heart.
Lemony Snicket, Why Is This Night Different from All Other Nights?|Boy, these conservatives are really something, aren't they? They're all in favor of the unborn. They will do anything for the unborn. But once you're born, you're on your own. Pro-life conservatives are obsessed with the fetus from conception to nine months. After that, they don't want to know about you. They don't want to hear from you. No nothing. No neonatal care, no day care, no head start, no school lunch, no food stamps, no welfare, no nothing. If you're preborn, you're fine; if you're preschool, you're fucked.
Debasish Mridha|When you open your heart, only then will the light come in.
Tom Cotton|Contrary to conventional military and game theory, the most effective offense is sometimes a direct attack against your political opponent's greatest strength - not his weaknesses - to place him immediately on the defensive.
Zooey Deschanel|I did my holy communion, and it was amazing how quickly the stories of the Bible and God and Jesus got under my skin.
Vigen Guroian, Tending the Heart of Virtue: How Classic Stories Awaken a Child's Moral Imagination|We are all each of us riddles, when unknown one to the other. The plain map of human powers and purposes, helps us not at all to thread the labyrinth each individual presents in his involution of feelings, desires and capacities; and we must resemble, in quickness of feeling, instinctive sympathy, and warm benevolence, the lovely daughter of Huntley, before we can hope to judge rightly of the good and virtuous of our fellow-creatures.
Lillian Hellman|Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
Nathan Reese Maher|All is as if the world did cease to exist. The city's monuments go unseen, its past unheard, and its culture slowly fading in the dismal sea.
Neale Donald Walsch|We all are wearing many hundred glasses of different colors. So, everyone see the world in different views. Somehow, if we could remove those glasses we can see the world with real colors. Name of the most difficult to remove glass is ‘there are permanent things of mine’.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|The monstrous thing is not that men have created roses out of this dung heap, but that, for some reason or other, they should want roses. For some reason or other man looks for the miracle, and to accomplish it he will wade through blood. He will debauch himself with ideas, he will reduce himself to a shadow if for only one second of his life he can close his eyes to the hideousness of reality. Everything is endured – disgrace, humiliation, poverty, war, crime, ennui – in the belief that overnight something will occur, a miracle, which will render life tolerable. And all the while a meter is running inside and there is no hand that can reach in there and shut it off. All the while someone is eating the bread of life and drinking the wine, some dirty fat cockroach of a priest who hides away in the cellar guzzling it, while up above in the light of the street a phantom host touches the lips and the blood is pale as water. And out of the endless torment and misery no miracle comes forth, no microscopic vestige of relief. Only ideas, pale, attenuated ideas which have to be fattened by slaughter; ideas which come forth like bile, like the guts of a pig when the carcass is ripped open.And so I think what a miracle it would be if this miracle which man attends eternally should turn out to be nothing more than these two enormous turds which the faithful disciple dropped in the bidet. What if at the last moment, when the banquet table is set and the cymbals clash, there should appear suddenly,and wholly without warning, a silver platter on which even the blind could see that there is nothing more, and nothing less, than two enormous lumps of shit. That, I believe would be more miraculous than anything which man has looked forward to. It would be miraculous because it would be undreamed of.It would be more miraculous than even the wildest dream because anybody could imagine the possibility but nobody ever has, and probably nobody ever again will.Somehow the realization that nothing was to be hoped for had a salutary effect upon me. For weeks and months, for years, in fact, all my life I had been looking forward to something happening, some intrinsic event that would alter my life, and now suddenly, inspired by the absolute hopelessness ofeverything, I felt relieved, felt as though a great burden had been lifted from my shoulders.At dawn I parted company with the young Hindu, after touching him for a few francs, enough for a room. Walking toward Montparnasse I decided to letmyself drift with the tide, to make not the least resistance to fate, no matter in what form it presented itself. Nothing that had happened to me thus far had been sufficient to destroy me; nothing had been destroyed except my illusions. I myselfwas intact. The world was intact. Tomorrow there might be a revolution, a plague, an earthquake; tomorrow there might not be left a single soul to whom one could turn for sympathy, for aid, for faith. It seemed to me that the great calamity had already manifested itself, that I could be no more truly alonethan at this very moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita|He looked at me and said;I see a challenge not a problemI see an opportunity not an obligation I see a must do not a sacrifice....I looked back at him straight in the eye through the mirror and said;You are the new me, the better me...
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Sometime in the future, when business slumps and there appears to be no solution in sight, you will hear others moaning about and blaming the things that are completely out of their control, wasting hour after hour on elements, which cannot be changed. Meanwhile, you, my boy, you will be focusing your efforts on the only thing that matters. The response which ensures you reach your destination.
Thomas S. Monson|Courage is contagious. When a brave man takes a stand, the spines of others are often stiffened.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|One of the few downsides to being awakened is that we no longer require sleep; therefore we also no longer dream. It's a shame, because if I could dream, I know I'd dream about you.I'd dream about the way you smell and how your dark hair feels like silk between my fingers. I'd dream about the smoothness of your skin and the fierceness of your lips when we kiss. Without dreams, I have to be content with my own imagination– which is almost as good. I can picture all of those things perfectly, as well as how it'll be when I take your life from this world.
Graham Chapman|Do people call you Ollie?” Lola asked.Oliver looked at her, completely dumbfounded by the possibility of this nickname. She may as well have asked him if people call him Garth, or Andrew, or Timothy.“No,” he said flatly, and the only thing charming about him was the way his accent seemed to run through every vowel with one syllable. Lola’s eyebrow twitched in her single tell—mildly annoyed—and she lifted her flashing LED drink cup to her lips.Lola wears mostly black, including her glossy dark hair, and has a tiny diamond pierced into her lip, but, even still, she’s never been able to pull off the full physical manifestation of the angry Riot Grrrl. With her perfect porcelain skin and the longest eyelashes in the world, she’s simply too delicate. But once she decides you’re an asshole, it no longer matters to her what you think. She gives good glare.“The flower suits you,” she said, tilting her head to study him. “And you have pretty hands, kind of soft. Maybe we should call you Olive.”He grunted out a dry laugh.“And a really beautiful mouth,” I added. “Gentle. Like a woman’s.”“Aw fuck off.” He was laughing outright by then.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Display your passion, and others will be inspired. Enthusiasm is contagious.
Ellen Meloy, Eating Stone: Imagination and the Loss of the Wild|When in doubt, follow the senses of beasts.
Carlo Collodi, Pinocchio|Would it be possible to find a more ungrateful boy, or one with less heart than I have!
Megan Whalen Turner, The Thief|. . . I will not be sworn, but love may trans-form me to an oyster, but, I’ll take my oath on it, till hehave made an oyster of me, he shall never make me sucha fool.
Mary Oliver|My morning begins with trying not to get up before the sun rises. But when I do, it's because my head is too full of words, and I just need to get to my desk and start dumping them into a file. I always wake with sentences pouring into my head.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|Look, I know you meant well creating the world and all, but how could you let it get away from you like this? How come you couldn't stick with your original idea of paradise? People's lives were a mess.
David Whyte|My favourite beauty look is definitely '70s beauty - sun kissed skin, wavy hair and defined eyes.
Michael Joseph Kelly|I wasn't a particularly brilliant student, but on the other hand, I was very active in Student Union affairs and in student politics.
Emma Watson|It’s a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn.
William Shakespeare|Things at the worst will cease, or else climb upwardTo what they were before.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The very ones whose social pressure cause you to compromise will despise you for it. They probably respect your convictions,and many of them wish they had the moral stamina to stand alone.May the Lord give you added courage to be a witness for Him,even in a hard place.
|This is definitely the wrong time to allow fear and doubts to hold you back. Push yourself far away from your fearful past and into a blissful and prosperous future. God is your guide, protection wisdom, courage and strength. You were born to experience greatness.
Scarlett Dunn|Until we find Enio, I'm closer to you than your own shadow.
Colson Whitehead, The Colossus of New York|You swallow hard when you discover that the old coffee shop is now a chain pharmacy, that the place where you first kissed so-and-so is now a discount electronics retailer, that where you bought this very jacket is now rubble behind a blue plywood fence and a future office building. Damage has been done to your city. You say, ''It happened overnight.'' But of course it didn't. Your pizza parlor, his shoeshine stand, her hat store: when they were here, we neglected them. For all you know, the place closed down moments after the last time you walked out the door. (Ten months ago? Six years? Fifteen? You can't remember, can you?) And there have been five stores in that spot before the travel agency. Five different neighborhoods coming and going between then and now, other people's other cities. Or 15, 25, 100 neighborhoods. Thousands of people pass that storefront every day, each one haunting the streets of his or her own New York, not one of them seeing the same thing.
Kris Noel, Prime|Then August knew. Thomas didn’t dwell on things. Thomas was strong, and he didn’t know what it was to be afraid. He knew he could get what he wanted, never questioning his identity or who he would be the next day.He was everything August wasn’t, and that’s why August hated him.
Sadashivan Nair, Negative-Positive and We|The temptation, lust, addiction, avarice, mistrust, and Infidelity are evil’s main strategic tools to shatter many homes. The love and family founded on fine sheer system where only two souls can fit. Trust is strength of the system nothing can replace. Third soul is only to shake foundation. Building trust is only the foundation of any family.
Luca Cordero di Montezemolo|The alarm rings 4:45, again at 5, but I wake up 4:30 naturally. Shower, shave, orange juice, perk my own coffee, hear the news, and the CBS car arrives 5:30.
Zig Ziglar, Raising Positive Kids in a Negative World|Of course motivation is not permanent. But then, neither is bathing; but it is something you should do on a regular basis.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Bathing is not negotiable! So is brushing your teeth and washing your underwear, so that you always have a fresh inviting scent around you. People should want to be around you, not avoid you because of unfriendly odours coming out of your mouth, shoes or armpits. Do the best with what you have; even the old can be made clean and hygienic to improve your image.
Christian Tetzlaff|Most of the time, we try to tell ourselves "I'm confident" or "I'm doing well." But then, in a moment alone at home, you feel how close you are to some kind of abyss.
Kasie West, The Fill-In Boyfriend|I can pay you."He raised his eyebrows. "I'm sure there are services for that.Maybe you can try calling 1-800-HOOKERS or something?""You know the number well?
Tom Scholz|I'm a computer guy, and one of the things I did with the good fortune that 'Presumed Innocent' brought me was to buy one of the very first laptop computers. It weighed about eight and a half pounds, by the way.
Michael T. Flynn|One of the things I believe strongly in is developing institutions - legal, press, bureaucracies, academies - that are rooted in the pursuit of impartial truth. That aren't simply just bent to partisan ends or are corrupted for the powerful or for other ulterior motives.
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|Family is just accident, Jessie. It's nothing personal, hon. They don't mean to get on your nerves. They don't even mean to be your family, they just are.
Thomas   Moore|The question is, shall it or shall it not be linear history. I've always thought a kaleidoscopic view might be an interesting heresey. Shake the tube and see what comes out. Chronology irritates me. There is no chronology inside my head. I am composed of myriad Claudias who spin and mix and part like sparks of sunlight on water. The pack of cards I carry around is forever shuffled and re-shuffled; there is no sequence, everything happens at once. The machines of the new technology, I understand, perform in much the same way: all knowledge is stored, to be summoned up at the flick of a key. They sound, in theory, more efficient. Some of my keys don't work; others demand pass-words, codes, random unlocking sequences. The collective past, curiously, provides these. It is public property, but it is also deeply private. We all look differently at it. My Victorians are not your Victorians. My seventeenth century is not yours. The voice of John Aubrey, of Darwin, of whoever you like, speaks in one tone to me, in another to you.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|All that mattered was that Boyd was there. He was there for Sin, and when Sin opened his eyes to look at Boyd once more, Sin ignored all the self-doubt and paranoia. Because at that moment he somehow knew that Boyd always would be.
C. JoyBell C.|Silk is a fine, delicate, soft, illuminating, beautiful substance. But you can never rip it! If a man takes this tender silk and attempts to tear it, and cannot tear it, is he in his right mind to say "This silk is fake! I thought it was soft, I thought it was delicate, but look, I cannot even tear it" ? Surely, this man is not in his right mind! The silk is not fake! This silk is 100% real. It's the man who is stupid!
Stephen S. Smalley, The Revelation to John: A Commentary on the Greek Text of the Apocalypse|Discussion of theology is not for everyone, I tell you, not for everyone-it is no such inexpensive or effortless pursuit. Nor, I would add, is it for every occasion, or every audience; neither are all its aspects open to inquiry. It must be reserved for certain occasions, for certain audiences, and certain limits must be observed. It is not for all people, but only for those who have been tested and have found a sound footing in study, and, more importantly, have undergone, or at the very least are undergoing purification of body and soul. For one who is not pure to lay hold of pure things is dangerous, just as it is for weak eyes to look at the sun's brightness. What is the right time? Whenever we are free from the mire and noise without, and our commanding faculty is not confused by illusory, wandering images, leading us, as it were, to mix fine script with ugly scrawling, or sweet-smelling scent with slime. We need actually "to be still" in order to know God, and when we receive the opportunity, "to judge uprightly" in theology. Who should listen to discussions of theology? Those for whom it is a serious undertaking, not just another subject like any other for entertaining small-talk, after the races, the theater, songs, food, and sex: for there are people who count chatter on theology and clever deployment of arguments as one of their amusements. What aspects of theology should be investigated, and to what limit? Only aspects within our grasp, and only to the limit of the experience and capacity of our audience. Just as excess of sound or food injures the hearing or general health, or, if you prefer, as loads that are too heavy injure those who carry them, or as excessive rain harms the soil, we too must guard against the danger that the toughness, so to speak, of our discourses may so oppress and overtax our hearers as actually to impair the powers they had before.
Anne Tenino, 18% Gray|He grumbles incoherently, opens the window a fraction and continues to smoke away. It’s like every time Sidney Drake enters a new location he has to readjust the atmosphere, akin to one of those sci-fi shows where they oxygenate the planet, but for my dad it’s in a suffocating reverse. He replaces the clean wholesome air with a non-stop puff of toxic poison.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When suffering comes, learn to trust each day into God’s hands . . . let your lips be filled with prayer and praise.
Laurence J. Peter|Speak when you are angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Through understanding, people will be able to see their similarities before differences.
Soumi Ghosh|What, after all, is mathematics but the poetry of the mind, and what is poetry but the mathematics of the heart?
Bob Mould, See A Little Light: The Trail of Rage and Melody|It reset and mended my freshly damaged and distorted view of life, and made me recognize that this thing we call music, this primal expression that we reshape and refine and define ourselves with, is the gift I was given. The ability to communicate what others feel but cannot fully express, the passing down and around of songs and stories, from Pete Townshend to Joey Ramone to me, to the audiences who take the time and effort to support our work and give us a way to support ourselves -- I'm thinking this is what I am supposed to be doing.
Bert McCoy|Before we were born we had no feeling; we were one with the universe. This is called "mind-only," or "essence of mind," or "big mind," After we are separated by birth from this oneness, as the water falling from the waterfall is separated by the wind and rocks, then we have feeling. You have difficulty because you have feeling. You attach to the feeling you have without knowing just how this kind of feeling is created. When you do not realize that you are one with the river, or one with the universe, you have fear. Whether it is separated into drops or not, water is water. Our life and death are the same thing. When we realize this fact we have no fear of death anymore, and we have no actual difficulty in our life.
Christine Feehan, Ruthless Game|We have to actually choose a name," Kane murmured above her head. "We can't keep calling him 'baby.' When he's fifteen he might resent it.
Anthony Liccione|Lethargy. It's a word I know, because it's in one of my father's favorite expressions. Lethargy breeds lethargy. It means the more you lie around doing nothing, the more you want to lie around doing nothing. Your limbs and your mind feel so heavy that it becomes a major effort just to lift your arm to channel surf.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Populations eating a remarkably wide range of traditional diets generally don't suffer from these chronic diseases. These diets run the gamut from ones very high in fat (the Inuit in Greenland subsist largely on seal blubber) to ones high in carbohydrate (Central American Indians subsist largely on maize and beans) to ones very high in protein (Masai tribesmen in Africa subsist chiefly on cattle blood, meat and milk), to cite three rather extreme examples. But much the same holds true for more mixed traditional diets. What this suggests is that there is no single ideal human diet but that the human omnivore is exquisitely adapted to a wide range of different foods and a variety of different diets. Except, that is, for one: the relatively new (in evolutionary terms) Western diet that that most of us now are eating. What an extraordinary achievement for a civilization: to have developed the one diet that reliably makes its people sick!
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|To be honest I wrote it mainly from the reason and wanting something more than a life something which could explore my life at deeper level. Probably I have done it... probably I haven't done it... what I know is that I won't be for this Century like somebody famous... I will be still average, I can't go on the amazon and starting selling my works... I don't feel comfortable being in that state.
L.R. Knost|When you're lying in bed at night and regrets from the day come to steal your sleep... "I should have" "If only I'd" "I wish I'd"...grab one of them and turn it into an "I will" and sleep peacefully knowing tomorrow will be a better day.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|It was funny how the old practices always came around again. It was the rhythm of human enterprise to invent and worship some new approach, to fully reject it a generation later, to realize the need for it again a generation or two after that and then hastily reinvent it as new, usually without its original elegance. Scientists hated to look backward for anything.
B.A. Gabrielle|Don't let anyone tell you your idea is stupid. Do you know how many successful people had people tell them that, and they still made it?
Milind K|I wake up starving for success, and no matter how much I accomplish I go to sleep striving for improvement; I refuse to let my enemies outwork me.
Ann B. Keller|You’re a fool,” Quinhelm accused. “Any man who would allow himself to be bewitched by a woman needs a good dunking in a cold barrel of water.” (Quinhelm, the wizard, from BRIGGEN)
James Allen|If one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|Living myth is about the experience of the waters parting again in the here and now. As a critical moment opens before us the spirit of life and genius of the soul speaks to us and through us. What was about to crush us suddenly parts before us and we shoot forward with the sudden vitality of life, fueled by the living imagination needed to survive.
Donna Grant, Dragon Fever|Asher," she begged.His lips brushed her ear before he nipped the lobe. "I have a fever. It's for you, a ghràidh.""You make me burn.""Then we'll burn together.
Sandra Brown, Smash Cut|From what I know of you already, you have quite a reputation for providing customer satisfaction."Julie's cheeks burned. For Kate's benefit she said, "I try." "Oh, I'm certain you do more than try. You go all out." He paused for several beats. Then, "I've driven past the gallery thousands of times and always admired the works displayed in the windows. But I haven't had a reason to stop.""And now you did?""Now I did."She drew herself up. "Well, I'm sure Katherine will find the perfect piece for you. She's very knowledgeable.""He came to see you.""That's right, Ms. Rutledge. Not that Ms. Fields isn't perfectly charming and, I'm sure, knowledgeable." He shot Kate a smile over his shoulder, which she returned before he came back around to Julie. "But I'm placing myself in your very capable hands.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|You have something already, you have a worth, self-worth.
Kendrick Lamar|Doing graphic novels is cool! It's fun! You get to write something, and then see it visually page by page, panel by panel, working with the artist, you get to see it fleshed out.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|If more Africans had eaten missionaries, the continent would be in better shape.
Hoda Kotb, Hoda: How I Survived War Zones, Bad Hair, Cancer, and Kathie Lee|I daresay it seems foolish; perhaps all our earthly trials will appear foolish to us after a while; perhaps they seem so now to angels. But we are ourselves, you know, and this is now, not some time to come, a long, long way off. And we are not angels, to be comforted by seeing the ends for which everything is sent.
Djuna Barnes, Nightwood|None of us suffers as much as we should, or loves as much as we say. Love is the first lie; wisdom the last.
Emily Dickinson|Faith slips - and laughs, and rallies
Priyavrat Thareja|Mother nature pushes you back the faster you go, same way people will full you back, the faster you succeed.
John Gardner|Don’t polish it forever, put it out there. At some point the changes aren’t improvements, they’re just changes.
Ursula Vernon, Razorback|Girls, you listen to every word your mamma is saying, cause the only way you'll ever get a better piece of chicken is if you're a rooster.
Alin Sav|God always smiles because of our little deeds done with a good heart, but to make the heart of God always beat for you, win and keep a soul for Him!
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|Always Prefer to be Simple & Fair, that Leads toward Purity
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|While reason steers a man, it is faith alone that moves him
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|I don't think that anyone outside Paris can understand love and murder as we do.But Emile loves Paris, and loving Paris is a murderous education. ("Anthropology: What Is Lost In Rotation")
George Santayana|I think the most important thing in life is self-love, because if you don't have self-love, and respect for everything about your own body, your own soul, your own capsule, then how can you have an authentic relationship with anyone else?
Sunday Adelaja|There are hidden opportunities for each person everywhere and in everything, every day!
Jeb Bush|The Life at Conception Act legislatively declares what most Americans believe and what science has long known - that human life begins at the moment of conception and, therefore, is entitled to legal protection from that point forward.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May you overflow with love, hope and joy of knowing the Saviour.
Suzy Ross|You pass as a guy; I, as pregnant. Our waiter cheerfully tells us about his family, expresses delight in ours. On the surface, it may have seemed as though your body was becoming more and more “male,” mine, more and more “female.” But that’s not how it felt on the inside. On the inside, we were two human animals undergoing transformations beside each other, bearing each other loose witness. In other words, we were aging.
John Jeremiah Sullivan, Pulphead|As survivors and procreators, we unravel stories that at their root are not dissimilar from the habitual behaviors seen in nature. But as beings who know they will die we digress into episodes and epics that are altogether dissociated from the natural world. We may isolate this awareness, distract ourselves from it, anchor our minds far from its shores, and sublimate it as a motif in our sagas. Yet at no time and in no place are we protected from being tapped on the shoulder and reminded, “You’re going to die, you know.” However much we try to ignore it, our consciousness haunts us with this knowledge. Our heads were baptized in the font of death; they are doused with the horror of moribundity.
Neil Gaiman|That's what liberalism is all about, is promoting incompetence on the basis it's fair, because people would be the best if they weren't discriminated against.
Sunday Adelaja|There is no failure in life, there are only those who don`t know how to succeed.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|People cited violation of the First Amendment when a New Jersey schoolteacher asserted that evolution and the Big Bang are not scientific and that Noah's ark carried dinosaurs. This case is not about the need to separate church and state; it's about the need to separate ignorant, scientifically illiterate people from the ranks of teachers.
The Invisible Committee, The Coming Insurrection|And Robespierre, the Incorruptible, who loved us so much he cut off our heads so we would not be troubled by too many thoughts.
Rollo May, Man's Search for Himself|Much self-condemnation, thus, is a cloak for arrogance. Those who think they overcome pride by condemning themselves could well ponder Spinoza's remark, 'One who despises himself is the nearest to a proud man'. In ancient Athens, when a politician was trying to get the votes of the working class by appearing very humble in a tattered coat with big holes in it, Socrates unmasked his hypocrisy by exclaiming, 'Your vanity shows forth from every whole in your coat'.
Eleanor Clift|My father was a businessman, but my mother was an intellectual. She cared about culture, politics, and philosophy, so I became interested in the protest aspect of Latin American art.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|As a teenager, I loved how I looked in the outfit of using drugs and exercising poor judgement. I had tried it on, spun around in the mirror, and decided I would choose this look, this image, this identity. But eventually and without realising it, the ability to choose had gone. I had become what at first I had only pretended to be.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, God-Shaped Hole|I wanted to know what had created the chasm in his spirit. Maybe it was a broken heart. Or maybe it had always been there, like mine. Because really, I could blame my existential sadness on a lot of issues, but the truth is, it’s been a part of me since Day One. When I was four years old and my mother would come to my bed to say good night, she’d turn off the light and I remember feeling it even then- the sensation that your heart weighs more than your body- that it might burst out of your chest and splatter all over the wall. I suppose it’s called loneliness.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The moment you think that your destiny is predetermined, you become a miserable loser! Trust your own power so that you can shape your own destiny!
Nicos Hadjicostis, Destination Earth- A New Philosophy of Travel by a World-Traveler|Every question may be considered the beginning, the prerequisite of the search for knowledge. Every answer may be considered the fruition of a question.
Thomas Frank|There is a new model of leadership in the world that rides on the premise that every single person in the organisation can be a leader. Titles are important for structure and order, but real power does not come from titles.
Kevin Bacon|The business that people do in LA on the social level is amazing. You go to a restaurant, bump into this guy or that guy. The next day you get a call, and they want you in their movie.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|Your supporters can help you think in new ways, solve problems, and burst through barriers.
Abiola Abrams, The Sacred Bombshell Handbook of Self-Love|I am still bullied occasionally. However, none of my current bullies really exist. They’re all in my head. Be your own best friend instead of your worst enemy.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|One of them is a very familiar personage. Her name is “Mother Church.” She is, in many ways, an admirable and dedicated person, deeply concerned about her children, endlessly and tirelessly careful for every detail of their welfare. Her long experience has taught her to understand her family very well. She knows their capabilities and she knows their weakness even better. She is patient and imperturbable, quite unshockable (she has witnessed all of the considerable range of human wickedness in her time) and there are no lengths to which she ill not go to educate her family. She has a huge fund of stories, maxims and advice, all of them time-tested, and usually interesting as well. She is very talented, skilled din creating a beautiful home for her children; she can show them how to enrich their lives with the glory of music and art. And there is no doubt that she loves God, and wishes to guide her children according to his will.On the other hand, she is extremely inclined to feel that her will and God's are identical. In her eyes there can be no better, no other, way than hers. If she is unshockable, she is frequently cynical. She is shrewd, with a thoroughly earthy and often humorous shrewdness. She knows her children's limitations so well that she will not allow them to outgrow them. She will lie and cheat if she feels it is necessary to keep her charges safe; she uses her authority 'for their own good' but if it seems to be questioned she is ruthless in suppressing revolt. She is hugely self-satisfied, and her judgement, while experienced, is often insensitive and therefore cruel. She is suspicious of eccentricity and new ideas, since her own are so clearly effective, and non-conformists get a rough time, though after they are dead she often feels differently about them.This is Mother Church, a crude, domineering, violent, loving, deceitful, compassionate old lady, a person to whom one cannot be indifferent, whom may one may love much and yet fight against, whom one may hate and yet respect.
Diane Duane|There is a rule for fantasy writers: The more truth you mix in with a lie, the stronger it gets.
Asher Judah, The Australian Century|In this century, the Australian Century, Australia will also have an opportunity to achieve extraordinary feats. Just as the United States dominates world affairs with less than five per cent of the global population, Australia too can make a lasting impression with its own limited demographics. The rise of the global middle class is Australia’s pathway to exceptionalism.
Alex Berenson|I love the new technology. New things give you a reason to want to go to the studio. New challenges mean you have to keep up, you know?
Mpho Leteng|Goldsmith tells us, that when lovely woman stoops to folly, she has nothing to do but to die; and when she stoops to be disagreeable, it is equally to be recommended as a clearer of ill-fame.
Melissa Bank, The Wonder Spot|School...school... is just nothing... if you think that you are going to learn something. You are here wrong, you wanna see the system?It's in about23 Channels as a start then increases... decreases... even with different topics in the end... they want you to recall the whole data from the 23 Channels as for Perfect, as For under Perfect Okay..okay... but still not perfect, as for Good... Just an Okay... and as for Middle... Little from there and little from there as for the last... Nothing at all.
Caitlin Moran|..in the 21st century, wedon’t need to march against size zero models, risible pornography,lap-dancing clubs and Botox. We don’t need to riot, or go on hungerstrike. There’s no need to throw ourselves under a horse, or even adonkey. We just need to look it in the eye, squarely, for a minute,and then start laughing at it. We look hot when we laugh. Peoplefancy us when they observe us giving out relaxed, earthy chuckles.
Larry McMurtry, The Late Child|Watching them, Harmony felt too shaken to take a step. Eddie and Sheba were young; but she herself had become old. Even if she wasn’t particularly old if you just counted years, the fact was years were no way to count. Happenings were the way to count, the big happening that separated her from youth or even middle age was the death of her daughter, Pepper. That death made her realize that life, once you got around to producing children, was no longer about being pretty or having boyfriends or making money – it was about protecting children; getting them raised to the point where they could try life as adults. It didn’t have to be just children that come out of your body, either. It could be anyone young who needed something you had to give. Some grown men were children; some grown women, too. Harmony knew that she had spent a good part of her life, taking care of just such men. But now that she felt old she didn’t think she wanted to spend much more of her energy protecting men who had had a good chance to grow up, but had blown it. If she never had another boyfriend – something she had been worrying about, on the plane – it might be a little dull in some areas, like sexual areas, but it wouldn’t be the end of the world.  What would be the end of the world would be to let some little girl like Sheba get in the car with a bad man who would make a U-turn across the street and kill her right there in front of the pay phones, where pimps and crack dealers were making their calls.
Shawn Kirsten Maravel, Severance|I was the silent and ever present figure in your life...but you.” I kissed the back of her hand softly and closed my eyes. "You've always been the meaning of mine.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Real magic can never be made by offering someone else's liver. You must tear out your own, and not expect to get it back.
Tullian Tchividjian|As long as there are millions destitute of the Word of God and knowledge of Jesus Christ, it will be impossible for me to devote time and energy to those who have both.
Jack Nicholson|With my sunglasses on, I'm Jack Nicholson. Without them, I'm fat and 60.-Jack Nicholson
Mark Twain|I don’t make excuses, so don’t make excuses for me. When I’m being an ass, it’s because I have one.
Peter Morgan|At first I wasn't sure that I had the talent, but I did know I had a fear of failure, and that fear compelled me to fight off anything that might abet it.
Algernon Charles Swinburne, The Garden of Proserpine|From too much love of livingFrom hope and fear set free,We thank with brief thanksgivingWhatever gods may beThat no life lives for ever;That dead men rise up never;That even the weariest riverWinds somewhere safe to sea.Then star nor sun shall waken,Nor any change of light:Nor sound of waters shaken,Nor any sound or sight:Nor wintry leaves nor vernal,Nor days nor things diurnal;Only the sleep eternalIn an eternal night.
Elizabeth Hellmuth Margulis, On Repeat: How Music Plays the Mind|Repetition draws us into music, and repetition draws music into us.
Douglas MacArthur|While only one day of the year is dedicated solely to honoring our veterans, Americans must never forget the sacrifices that many of our fellow countrymen have made to defend our country and protect our freedoms.
Abraham H. Maslow, Toward a Psychology of Being|Sometimes people are often confused between attitude and style. Nevermind, I'm Awesome.
Sean Stewart, Clouds End|The world is a giant eye, staring back at the stars. When it tires, it closes its lids--just as I am doing now--and gives way to dreams, which is why the night is so much more mysterious than the day.
Laura Fitzgerald, Veil of Roses|As I watch him, a sudden recognition comes over me: Tonight, I can be anyone I want… maybe being happy only means living in the moment, appreciating the exact moment you're in and not thinking about the worries of the future.
Stephanie Lahart|Melanin is an incomparable beauty. From the lightest to the darkest skin tone, Black women and Black girls are exquisite beauty in every shade. Yes, Black females have that special something that just can’t be ignored. We are Melanin Queens, beautifully created! Respect the complexion.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Without thinking, [Will] spoke.'Halt? Are you awake?''No.' The ill humor in the one-word reply was unmistakable.'Oh. Sorry.''Shut up.'He pondered whether to apologize again and decided this would go against the instruction to shut up, so remained silent.
Brad Goreski|I had a very strict upbringing with my dad and was very close to my mum, who was extremely loving.
Meghan O'Connor|She was this girl I once knew. Took my breath away, she was so pretty. Took my heart, if you want to know the truth. I was kind of angry about it at the time.
Noam Chomsky|Yes, I support the death penalty. It is an issue that cannot be fudged or hedged.
Latika Teotia|I appreciate all those who are fighting to stay positive, kind and gentle in the midst of negative people. A single lamp is enough to lighten a room full of darkness; so also one single kind hearted positive person is enough to ward off all the negative, critical and difficult people. Shine on.
George MacDonald Fraser, Flashman|If anything she was a shade too plump, but she knew the ninety-seven ways of making love that the Hindus are supposed to set much store by―though mind you, it is all nonsense, for the seventy-fourth position turns out to be the same as the seventy-third, but with your fingers crossed.
Joshua Rogers|SHIT, OR GET OFF THE POT
Ian Hacking, The Social Construction of What?|Labels such as ‘‘the culture wars,’’ ‘‘the science wars,’’ or ‘‘the Freud wars’’ are now widely used to refer to some of the disagreements thatplague contemporary intellectual life ... But I would like to register a gentle protest. Metaphors influence the mind in many unnoticed ways. The willingness to describe fierce disagreement in terms of the metaphors of war makes the very existence of real wars seem more natural, more inevitable,more a part of the human condition. It also betrays us into an insensibility toward the very idea of war, so that we are less prone to be aware of how totally disgusting real wars really are.
Ivan Illich, Tools for Conviviality|Intuition matters but, pay more attention to the unconscious bias.
chime|6 months, 2 weeks, 4 days,and I still don’t know which month it was thenor what day it is now.Blurred out linesfrom hangovers to coffeeanother vagabond lost to love.
Bruce Sterling, Distraction|In America, anybody can be president.That's one of the risks you take.
Hillary Clinton|The Washington leadership has put aside non-proliferation programmes and devoted its energies and resources to driving the country to war by extraordinary deceit, then trying to manage the catastrophe it created in Iraq.
Mark Schatzker, The Dorito Effect: The Surprising New Truth About Food and Flavor|Dinner that night is a feast of flavor. To celebrate the successful exorcism, Kagura has cooked several more dishes than the shrine's usual, simple fare- fragrant onigiri, balls of rice soaked in green tea, with umeboshi- salty and pickled plums- as filling. There is eggplant simmered in clear soup, green beans in sesame sause, and burdock in sweet-and-sour dressing. The mood is festive.
Julia Mills, Her Love, Her Dragon: The Saga Begins|Placing his mouth next to her ear, he breathed. "I want to be alone with my wife, Lady O'Brien." He felt the goose bumps rise on her skin and the shiver his breath caused.She let her head fall back and the lust-filled look in her eyes made him weak in the knees. "And I with my husband, Lord O'Brien.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|Who is my mother, and who are my brothers?" Pointing to his disciples, he said, "Here are my mother and my brothers... (Matthew 12:48)
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|While Kalila didn't quite know what she wanted, she knew what she didn't want. She didn't want to live a charade. She didn't want a marriage of convenience where you were together but alone.
Christina Romer|When I look at my daughter, who's 24, she is much more confident than I ever was and her expectations are higher. But I worry that there is a backlash brewing against progress on equality.
Daniel M. Gilbert, Stumbling on Happiness|As students of the silver screen recall, Bogart's admonition about future regret led Bergman to board the plane and fly away with her husband. Had she stayed with Bogey in Casablanca, she would probably have felt just fine. Not right away, perhaps, but soon, and for the rest of her life.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|While our life remains more chaotic than not, we continue to land on our blistered feet, drag each other out of the quicksand, beg for forgiveness as we wander out of the doghouse, and dig for the humor beneath our grief. So our family, four-pawed members included, continues to bound forward celebrating our canine connection and sharing hope with all who need healing.
George Gordon Byron|What deep wounds ever closed without a scar?The hearts bleed longest, and heals but to wear That which disfigures it.
Dada Bhagwan|In both pleasant experience producing karma effect (shata vedaniya) and unpleasant experience producing karma effect (ashata-vedaniya), there is indeed a constant inner burning (antardaah, inner suffering). But because one has moorcha (worldly engrossment/fascination due to deluded worldly view), one does not notice it; he remains in a state similar to being unconscious.
Mark McKinnon|You know, Republicans should have a consistent philosophy. And if your philosophy is about limited government and not intruding in people's lives, you shouldn't just inconveniently take a social issue like gay marriage and say, 'Well, unless we think - actually we should be intruding your life.'
Rachel Vincent, Reaper|No emotion was pure, because everything was mixed up with fear and hatred.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|...But still, even now, to think of it, I feel something akin to that happiness. And I've more reason now than ever to say that happiness is not what I will ever know, or will ever deserve to know. I am not so much in love with happiness. Yet the name Paris makes me feel it.
Atul Gawande, Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End|I have never been afraid of dying, I have only been afraid of not living fully.
Mary E. Pearson, The Beauty of Darkness|If I had been shipped off to Dalbreck, there are valuable things I never would have learned.
Travis Culliton, Why I Love My Prozac: The Ideologies of an Ordinary Family Man|I do not judge the individual based on their belief. If I were to, then I would, undoubtedly, be no better than the (religious) system that I frown upon.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|Other men might respond by saying: Okay, this is interesting, but I don’t think like that. I don’t even think about gender. Maybe not. And that is part of the problem. That many men do not actively think about gender or notice gender.
Tim Gunn, Tim Gunn's Fashion Bible: The Fascinating History of Everything in Your Closet|Vulgar, but not as vulgar as Louis Vuitton, thought Sherman.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|Or maybe memories are like karaoke - where you realize up on the stage, with all those lyrics scrawling across the screen's bottom, and with everybody clapping at you, that you didn't even know the lyrics to your all-time favourite song. Only afterwards, when someone else is up on stage humiliating themselves amid the clapping and laughing, do you realize that what you liked most about your favourite song was precisely your ignorance of its full meaning - and you read more into it than maybe existed in the first place. I think it's better not to know the lyrics to your life.
James Plunkett, Strumpet City|If you want to know, it was the capitalists who invented marriage in order to protect the laws of inheritance.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|As man develops, he places a greater value upon his own rights. Liberty becomes a grander and diviner thing. As he values his own rights, he begins to value the rights of others. And when all men give to all others all the rights they claim for themselves, this world will be civilized.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|I cannot, however, but think that the world would be better and brighter if our teachers would dwell on the Duty of Happiness as well as the Happiness of Duty; for we ought to be as cheerful as we can, if only because to be happy ourselves is a most effectual contribution to the happiness of others.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|It's an unfair world, Child. Be glad you have friends.
Truman Capote, Truman Capote: Conversations|So if black power means black armies racing through the streets, creating havoc, that certainly does nothing to advance the legitimate political and economic aspirations of the black community. Just the opposite, in fact....If they think a few Molotov cocktails are going to bring down the whole system and build something new, I'm afraid they're just indulging in wishful-thinking,
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|I hate when people say something is not their job or that something isn't possible. We all say these things, sure, but some people actually believe they don't have to work beyond what is written in their job description or that they don't have to try to reach those who seemingly cannot be reached.
Debasish Mridha|True education will shape your life, but if you ignore education you will be punished by your life.
Annie Proulx, The Shipping News|The decisions you make today, could affect the rest of your life, be wise.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Sometimes it's not what you say, Valkyrie, it's just the fact that you're saying it.
Rita Levi-Montalcini|Since graduation, I have measured time in 4-by-5-inch pieces of paper, four days on the left and three on the right. Every social engagement, interview, reading, flight, doctor's appointment, birthday and dry-cleaning reminder has been handwritten between metal loops.
Charles Dickens, The Pickwick Papers|Company, you see - company is - is - it's a very different thing from solitude - an't it?
Andrea Cremer, Invisibility|For happy are the merciful for they shall, too, know mercy.
Joanna Gaines, The Magnolia Story|A rich man is not one who has the most, but one who needs the least.
Anthony Liccione|I know where I come from, where I am now and where the wish to go.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Let certain things be uncertain.Appreciate the puzzle that life is,insofar as I know, after a scheme of steps,all Crosswords have a solution,and every Sudoku makes a lot of sense.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|People relate to people, and if your brand feels like people, they’ll relate to you, too.
Fergie|Even when I was a little girl, I remember going to the Museum of Modern Art. I think my parents took me there once or twice. And what I really remember is the design collection.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Of all the weaknesses that beset a man, vanity is the most deadly. For through vanity can a wise man turn to folly.
Andrew Olendzki, Unlimiting Mind: The Radically Experiential Psychology of Buddhism|The mess we are making of our planet is caused by our own greed, hatred, and delusion. Aside from the existential afflictions of aging, death, and at least some of the illnesses, every instance we see of human misery, injustice, affliction. or sufficient and pain will, upon sufficient and sometimes even cursory investigation, be shown to be rooted in the attachment, aversion, or ignorance of some person or some group of people together.
Larry Hogan|Like any young person who gets into a political campaign, I joined out of a highfalutin' desire to change the world. But you start to see the sort of tactics people use. You start to see politics not only in the macro but in the micro of the campaign itself. Some people get turned off by this side of it. Other people are drawn to it.
Sherman Alexie|In the language of poetry, where every word is weighed, nothing is usual or normal. Not a single stone and not a single cloud above it. Not a single day and not a single night after it. And above all, not a single existence, not anyone's existence in this world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|While you wait for your dream job, you can engage yourself with the available job.
Magdalena Ciocan|I've never heard a writer feel that way about a device with a screen. Oh sure, they're functional, practical. We would be lost without them. But just as we need to feel our feet on the earth, smell and taste the world around us, the pen scratching against the page, sensory and slow, is the difference between looking at a high-definition picture of a flower and holding that very same flower in your palm, feeling the brush of its petals, the color of its stamen rubbing off on your fingers.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|I didn't set out to discover a truth. I was actually sent to the Outer Fringes to conduct a chair census and learn some humility. But the truth inevitably found me, as important truths often do, like a lost thought in need of a mind.
Goo Hye Sun|In the past, I used to think that it is fundamental and natural to have everything. But I realized that is not true. Instead I realized that those are things to be grateful for. After that realization, I became comfortable. Even if I don’t have it I am grateful. Such a realization also made me understand that is a way to love myself.
Willi Way|Trust is like a glass vase, beautiful except there is no way of putting it back together when it breaks.
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|If you run a business, 80% of your business probably comes from 20% of your customers. If you are a creative person, 80% of your awards/recognition/income will come from 20% of your output.
Nigel Mansell|I was a bit worried coming back to the Premiership from America, but I have been pleased with my form, and the interest I have received has been good for my ego. I have no worries about my fitness, and I am really looking forward to the season starting now.
Jimmy Carter|Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|The sum of a man isn't the things he's done, it is the world he leaves behind.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|We all say we want our kids to be happy, only happy, and healthy, but we don't want that. We want them to be like we are, or better than we are. We as humans are very unimaginative in that sense. We aren't equipped for the possibility that they might be worse. But I guess that would be asking too much. It must be an evolutionary stopgap - if we were all so specifically, vividly aware of what might go horribly wrong, we would none of us have children at all.
Deyth Banger|For this can be said of men in general: that they are ungrateful, fickle, hypocrites and dissemblers, avoiders of dangers, greedy for gain; and while you benefit them, they are entirely yours, offering you their blood, their goods, their life, their children,...when need is far away, but when you actually become needy, they turn away. (translated by Wayne A. Rebhorn)
Robert Dykstra, She Never Said Good-Bye|Sadly, in our technological, impersonal, and avaricious consumer society, people merely hold on to jobs. They put in their time, leave at the five o'clock bell, pick up their pay checks, and leave the whole business behind them. Work, for so many, becomes a necessary evil. They go at it grudgingly, at best resignedly. It is hard to fault them; the stressful conditions and uncertainty under which so many workers labor force them into an adversarial relationship with their occupations and employers.
Joyce Carol Oates, The Accursed|Patriarchy, reformed or unreformed, is patriarchy still: its worst abuses purged or foresworn, it might actually be more stable and secure than before.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|All religions have something to say about sex, and it rarely coincides with scientific knowledge of sex and sexuality.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No matter how we may rationalize the practice [of homosexuality] . . . Romans 1 makes it clearly the product of a reprobate mind . . .I am not exonerating all heterosexual activity . . . When we come to Christ, we are called upon to repent of our sins and no longer to practice the ungodly patterns of living.
Penny Reid, Neanderthal Seeks Human|The ignoramus crow of "love it or leave it" omits other viable options, such as staying and changing it.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|After all, how often do we get a second chance?
A.D. Posey|The muse is the mystic force, but you are the master.
Judy Gregerson|Though this child came in with nothing but excess baby fat, chemical brain waves, and mother and son bodily toxins on his legs, he had a fate fit for a modern day demigod.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Stand alone when it is to your benefit, with others when it is to your advantage, and with everyone when it is to your empowerment.
Vita Sackville-West|It is necessary to write, if the days are not to slip emptily by. How else, indeed, to clap the net over the butterfly of the moment? For the moment passes, it is forgotten; the mood is gone; life itself is gone. That is where the writer scores over his fellows: he catches the changes of his mind on the hop.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|Want to have a short phone call with someone? Call them at 11:55 a.m., right before lunch. They'll talk fast. You may think you are interesting, but you are not more interesting than lunch.
Sophocles|Hide nothing, for time, which sees all and hears all, exposes all.
E. W. Howe|What can be more foolish than to think that all this rare fabric of heaven and earth could come by chance, when all the skill of art is not able to make an oyster!
Dale Mayer, Scales|She grinned. Lifted herself up on her elbow so she could look down at him, and said, "Now that you've recovered, ready to go again?
Nora Roberts, Genuine Lies|Name me no names for my disease,With uninforming breath;I tell you I am none of these,But homesick unto death —Homesick for hills that I had known,For brooks that I had crossed,...Before I met this flesh and boneAnd followed and was lost… .And though they break my heart at last,Yet name no name of ills.Say only, "Here is where he passed,Seeking again those hills.
Alexandre Dumas|Hip-hop definitely taught me a lot. Having to create your own identity and become known and respected in a male-dominated field - it requires some guts. There are times you have to be strong, and times when you have to stand alone for what you believe in.
John Burroughs, The Summit of the Years|I am in love with this world... I have tilled its soil, I have gathered its harvest, I have waited upon its seasons, and always have I reaped what I have sown. I have climbed its mountains, roamed its forests, sailed its waters, crossed its deserts, felt the sting of its frosts, the oppression of its heats, the drench of its rains, the fury of its winds, and always have beauty and joy waited upon my goings and comings.
Brittany Butler, Hazed|And his kisses.God, his lips feel like they were custom made to fit perfectly against mine.He alternates between soft and sweet, hard and hungry. And I get it.Though we’ve shared plenty of kisses, this one is different. It’s like discovering a lake in the middle of a desert. Or waking up on Christmas morning to a glistening blanket of show. The equivalent of winning the lottery. And though it redefines the “cheese” in cheesiness, that’s what it feels like to have Logan back in my life, back in my arms, when I thought he was lost to me forever.Being with him means more than I can express. It’s everything. He’s everything. I start and end with him.
Jeffrey Archer, A Quiver Full of Arrows|..it must make sense to try & sign up the minister's man, who in the end is the one person who can ensure that you will be awarded the contract. The system seems to work well, & as long as a minister deals only with reputable international firms & doesn't become too greedy, no one complains. Fail to observe either of those two golden rules & the whole house of cards collapses.
Kate Griffin|You know how it is -- you get older, you get wiser, you start to ask yourself 'is it any use being able to summon creatures of the nether deeps when I could be watching BBC 4?
David Nicholls|Lonely' is a troubling word and not one to be tossed around lightly. It makes people uncomfortable, summoning up as it does all kinds of harsher adjectives, like 'sad' or 'strange'. I have always been well liked, I think, always well regarded and respected, but having few enemies is not the same as having many friends, and there was no denying that I was, if not 'lonely', more solitary than I'd hoped to be at that time.
Narcotics Anonymous|Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Mariska Hargitay|With so much evidence of depleting natural resources, toxic waste, climate change, irreparable harm to our food chain and rapidly increasing instances of natural disasters, why do we keep perpetuating the problem? Why do we continue marching at the same alarming beat?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We were equipped by our Creator not only to live on this earth, but also to live in touch with heaven. This was the Great Design of the Great Designer.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|This doesn't mean you're getting a discount."Audrey heaved a mock sigh. "Oh well. I guess I'll have to ply you with sexual favors, then."Gnome choked on the soup. "I'm old enough to be your grandfather!"Audrey winked at him, gathering the empty bags. "But you're not.
Johann Arndt, Johann Arndt: True Christianity|We're Christians. We have to care what people think. The appearance of wrongdoing, remember? I'm not going to move in with you had have people think we're living in sin. What sort of witness would that be?
Laurell K. Hamilton, Incubus Dreams|-Please, Anita, go home, and don’t freak. Just go home, and be happy. Be happy, and let everyone around you be happy. Is that so hard?When Jason said it like that, it didn’t seem hard. In fact, it seemed to make a lot of sense, but inside, it felt hard. Inside it felt like the hardest thing in the world. To just let go, and not pick everything to death. To just let go and enjoy what you had. To just let go and not make everybody around you miserable with your own internal dialogue. To just let go and be happy. So simple. So difficult. So terrifying.
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|I took a break, stretched, tried again, failed, kicked over the music stand (I am not proud of that), and wonder whether I had reached the limits of my musical ability. Maybe I'd never had any. Surely someone with a modicum of talent wouldn't have to work this hard.
Debasish Mridha|If you are looking for true happiness, you have to change your level of consciousness and deepness of awareness.
Mara Dabrishus, Stay the Distance|Kali has a habit of doing these beautiful works that never translate during the races in the afternoon. They call animals like her morning glories, or horrendous bets. Take your pick.
Félix Guattari|Familialism consists of magically denying social reality, and avoiding all connections with the actual flux.
Bruce Lansky|Do not oversleep and miss the school bus-you'll be late.That's a habit teachers generally don't appreciate. Never tell your friends at school that you still wet your bed.They are sure to tease you, and you'll wish that you were dead.Never call your teacher a name when she's not near you.Teachers' ears are excellent, so they can always hear you.Do not read a textbook when your hands aren't clean-it's trickyto separate the pages when the pages get real sticky.When you go out for a team it's always wise to practice.When you are a substitute, the bench can feel like cactus.Do not copy homework from a friend who is a dummy.If you do, I'm sure that you will get a grade that's crummy.And if your report card's bad, don't blame it on your buddy.Kiss up to your parents quick, or they might make you study.
Naima Mora, Naima Mora Model Behavior|As long as I keep fighting every day, I know my dreams will happen. Most often, our dreams will not unfold exactly the way we expect them to, but if we keep working hard, our dreams WILL happen as long as we BELIEVE in them and in ourselves. This is called having faith, and it is a very important component of success!”-Naima Mora
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|If the world seems unfair or beyond our understanding, sublime places suggest that it is not surprising that things should be thus. We are the playthings of the forces that laid out the oceans and chiselled the mountains.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Living organisms were not independently created, but have descended and diversified over time from common ancestors. And thus, no other biological theory so elegantly explains this. Evolutionary theory has withstood the test of time—by way of vicarious experimentation, observation, analysis, and relentless criticism, though opposing viewpoints still cling to the concept of "design." As a person of the biological sciences, I cannot subscribe to such misguided notions that suggest static biological states. Clearly, proper examination of the natural world reveal evolutionary trajectories—some random, others nonrandom—and all having observable genetic implications. It is only when we apply evolutionary explanations to living systems that it becomes ever so clear. The world was not specifically designed with us in mind, but rather we long since adapted and conformed to our surroundings, only giving it the illusionary appearance of "design.
Taylor Rhodes, calloused: a field journal|i dreamt i crawled on top of you and kissed your hips, one at a time, my lips a smolder. i straddled your waist and pressed both shaking hands against your torso. spongy, like an old tree on the forest floor. i push and your flesh sinks inwardly, collapsing with decay, a soft shushing sound. a yawning hole where your organs should be. maggots used to live here until your own poison killed them off. i laid my cheek into the loam and three little mushrooms brushed over my eyelid. peat, decomposing matter, all of it, whatever you wish to call it, rested in the cavity of your chest. and there i planted seeds in the hopes something good would come out of you.
Sandra Merrill Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Families|We all go through stages. Concern about appearances, making good impressions, being popular, comparing yourself to others, having unbridled ambition, wanting to make money, striving to be recognized and notices, and trying to establish yourself - all fade as your responsibilities and character grow. Life's tests refine you
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|If seeds saw dirt as their enemy, they would lose out on the opportunity to grow.
Frithjof Schuon, The Transcendent Unity of Religions|If Mohammed had been a false prophet. there is no reason why Christ should not have spoken of him as he spoke of Antichrist but if Mohammed is a true Prophet the passages referring to the Paraclete must inevitably concern him - not exclusively but eminently - for it is inconceivable that Christ, when speaking of the future, should have passed over in silence a manifestation of such magnitude. The same reasoning excludes a priori the possibility that Christ. when making his predictions, intended to include Mohammed under the general denomination of'' false prophets", for in the history of our era Mohammed is in no sense a typical example among others of the same kind, but on the contrary, a unique and incomparable apparition(1). If he had been one of the false prophets announced by Christ he would have been followed by others and there would exist in our day a multitude of false religions subsequent to Christ and comparable in importance and extension to Islam. The spirituality to be found within Islam from its origins up to our days is an incontestable fact. and "by their fruits ye shall know them." Moreover, it will be recalled that the Prophet in his doctrine has testified to the second coming of Christ without attributing to himself any glory. unless it be that of being the last Prophet of the cycle and history proves that he spoke the truth, no comparable manifestation having followed after him.
Dada Bhagwan|God says that the one who does not find the worldly life boring at all, is not worthy of moksha [the ultimate liberation] at all. While earning money one gets bored, while not earning money one gets bored, everywhere one gets bored, then he is considered worthy of moksha.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Laws and a settled decision procedure to generate them are a good thing. This gives us one important reason for obeying the law. By obeying the law, I can contribute to the respect in which the established decision procedure and the laws are held. By disobeying, I set an example to others that may lead them to disobey too.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|Religion and God have nothing in common. If you focus on what people did in the past, you lose what God can do for you in the present. When you focus on Spirit, you find love because you know you belong. Focus on Love.
Adriana Law, Falling for a Bentley|Love is so unpredictable. Sometimes you'll know a man for years and then one day, boom! Suddenly you see him in a different way. And other times, it's that first date, that first moment. That's what makes it so great.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and put life in its place.
Sam Weiss|Change is not a force to be feared, but an opportunity to be seized.
Daniel Mackler, Toward truth: A psychological guide to enlightenment|Truth is in our blood. It is the essennce of our being. It is the best part of us, the core of what makes us human. It is our soul, our fundamental genetic beauty, and our spirit. We were created perfect, and despite the inevitability that we loose some of that perfection when we mature and develop in the midst of others who are wounded, we always retain the capacity to become perfect once again. The soul may be buried deeply, but as long as our hearts beat there remains hope.
Richard Weikart, From Darwin to Hitler: Evolutionary Ethics, Eugenics, and Racism in Germany|Darwinism by itself did not produce the Holocaust, but without Darwinism... neither Hitler nor his Nazi followers would have had the necessary scientific underpinnings to convince themselves and their collaborators that one of the worlds greatest atrocities was really morally praiseworthy.
Amanda Sun, Ink|Perfection doesn't exist here, AWESOME does.
Robert G. Ingersoll|When I became convinced that the Universe is natural – that all the ghosts and gods are myths, there entered into my brain, into my soul, into every drop of my blood, the sense, the feeling, the joy of freedom. The walls of my prison crumbled and fell, the dungeon was flooded with light and all the bolts, and bars, and manacles became dust. I was no longer a servant, a serf or a slave. There was for me no master in all the wide world -- not even in infinite space. I was free -- free to think, to express my thoughts -- free to live to my own ideal -- free to live for myself and those I loved -- free to use all my faculties, all my senses -- free to spread imagination's wings -- free to investigate, to guess and dream and hope -- free to judge and determine for myself -- free to reject all ignorant and cruel creeds, all the "inspired" books that savages have produced, and all the barbarous legends of the past -- free from popes and priests -- free from all the "called" and "set apart" -- free from sanctified mistakes and holy lies -- free from the fear of eternal pain -- free from the winged monsters of the night -- free from devils, ghosts and gods. For the first time I was free. There were no prohibited places in all the realms of thought -- no air, no space, where fancy could not spread her painted wings -- no chains for my limbs -- no lashes for my back -- no fires for my flesh -- no master's frown or threat – no following another's steps -- no need to bow, or cringe, or crawl, or utter lying words. I was free. I stood erect and fearlessly, joyously, faced all worlds.And then my heart was filled with gratitude, with thankfulness, and went out in love to all the heroes, the thinkers who gave their lives for the liberty of hand and brain -- for the freedom of labor and thought -- to those who fell on the fierce fields of war, to those who died in dungeons bound with chains -- to those who proudly mounted scaffold's stairs -- to those whose bones were crushed, whose flesh was scarred and torn -- to those by fire consumed -- to all the wise, the good, the brave of every land, whose thoughts and deeds have given freedom to the sons of men. And then I vowed to grasp the torch that they had held, and hold it high, that light might conquer darkness still.
Amy Harmon, The Law of Moses|The artist can not serve his struggle for freedom unless he subjectively assimilates the social content, unless he feels in his very nerves its meaning and drama and freely seeks to give his own inner world incarnation in his art.
Kim Harrison, Pale Demon|Kids think with their brains cracked wide open; becoming an adult, I've decided, is only a slow sewing shut.
_|What you misplace today, will misplace you tomorrow
R.J. Palacio|Heaven” is actually a country that we build within ourselves, or that we continue to build. We come from it, and we harvest materials for it while we are here, doing this through sharing our talents with others, and through being dedicated to our relationships in life, through loving others and through strengthening our ability to believe, through our faith. What is faith? Faith is the strength to believe even when believing is a very difficult thing to do! I think that faith is acquired here in this world, because there is no need to have faith in our eternal countries. But here, as we acquire faith in the midst of our hardships, we are begetting unto our eternal countries the strong glue that holds some buildings and some temples together.
Maryanne Raphael, What Mother Teresa Taught Me|It is hard to lose the people we love ,but feeling sorry they died is selfish.Dying is going heaven home to God we know your papa is in heaven with our Lady and Jesus.Let us try to be happy for him.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Author|Most of our lives are wasted by finding reality, even though we live in unstable nature and with many irrational laws.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Evolution by natural selection is the explanation for why we exist. It is not something to guide our lives in our own society. If we were to be guided by the evolution principle, then we would be living in a kind of ultra-Thatcherite, Reaganite society.Study your Darwinism for two reasons - because it explains why you’re here, and the second reason is, study your Darwinism in order to learn what to avoid in setting up society. What we need is a truly anti-Darwinian society. Anti-Darwinian in the sense that we don’t wish to live in a society where the weakest go to the wall, where the strongest suppress the weak, and even kill the weak. We — I, at least — do not wish to live in that kind of society. I want to live in the sort of society where we take care of the sick, where we take care of the weak, take care of the oppressed, which is a very anti-Darwinian society.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|To have been possessed by something so awful and so alien, and then the next morning wake up from it, remember what happened, and realize what I had done, with a clear mind and all my essential moral and ethical feelings intact at that moment, [I was] absolutely horrified that I was capable of doing something like that.
Magnus Flyte, City of Dark Magic|There are many lights in the shadows and many shadows in the lights; lots of talents in the shades, lots of incompetents in the luminosities.
Philip Ridley|And I thought, I am in love. For the first time I am in love. And loved. Someone loves me. And I love them. And within me things clicked and whirled like the insides of some gigantic clock, cog against wheel, spring against spiral, tick against tock, and I knew that nothing would ever be the same again. I had shown someone what I really was. I had shown someone my truth, my secret. Out there, beyond the walls of the Castle, there was a boy who had seen inside my chrysalis. And I would never be safe again.
Pele|Next to hurting my family, cheating on me is the worst thing someone could do.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|There is a power that can be created out of pent-up indignation, courage, and the inspiration of a common cause, and that if enough people put their minds and bodies into that cause, they can win. It is a phenomenon recorded again and against in the history of popular movements against injustice all over the world.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|I am obsessive always, even as a child. On one side is this strict orthodox religion, on the other is communism, and I am this little girl pulled between the two. It makes me who I am. It turns me into the kind of person that Freud would have a field day with, for sure.
Geoff Ryman|Everything, no matter how beautiful, is only with us for awhile.
Ellen Bass|to love life, to love it evenwhen you have no stomach for itand everything you've held dearcrumbles like burnt paper in your hands,your throat filled with the silt of it.When grief sits with you, its tropical heatthickening the air, heavy as watermore fit for gills than lungs;when grief weights you like your own fleshonly more of it, an obesity of grief,you think, How can a body withstand this?Then you hold life like a facebetween your palms, a plain face,no charming smile, no violet eyes,and you say, yes, I will take youI will love you, again.
Gerard Way|The difference we wanna make is number one to let these kids know that they’re not alone, that they’re actually not that messed up and that they can do whatever they want; they can express themselves however they want, without being persecuted or called a faggot or some kind of racist thing. You know, really just to get people to get over their stuff so they can live.
Sui Ishida, Tokyo Ghoul, tome 1|For a moment, she thought it natural in a way seeing a plane fall from the sky can seem natural, too. The horror comes later.
James Prescott Joule, The Scientific Papers of James Prescott Joule - Volume 1|He who knows Mars, Venus, Mercury or Jupiter very well will also know very well how very precious our earth is!
Charlie Parker|First you learn the instrument, then you learn the music, then you forget all that s**t and just play.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|Maybe all Americans who suffer from melancholy act as if they have gone mad. But I truly thought he might throw himself in the river, and I don't want his ghost visiting to keep telling me he's sorry.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|We often fear that the Revolution needed is too big for what we can give.Too much change is required inside, outside.And we are too small.But all that is required is that you step into the truth of your life. And speak it, write it, paint it, dance it.That you shine your light on your truth, for the world to see.And as hundreds, then thousands, then millions do this – each sparking the courage of yet more – Suddenly we have a world alight with truth.
Michael Gove|Learning lessons is a little like reaching maturity. You're not suddenly more happy, wealthy, or powerful, but you understand the world around you better, and you're at peace with yourself. Learning life's lessons is not about making your life perfect, but about seeing life as it was meant to be.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|In life, as in art, talking vitiates doing.
Denise Moreland, Management Culture|Imagine going to work every day to do only and exactly what you love!! All the work gets done because of the abundant diversity of your team. Different skills, interests and talents are woven together into a whole that is much greater than the sum of the parts!
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|Jerkish". That was the name of a language of 225 words, developed in Atlanta for mutual communications between humans and chimpanzees - and there was no doubt (...) that more and more unfortunate creatures would be able to talk to each other in jerkish. It occurred to me immediately that at last a language had been found in which the spirit of our age could speak, and because that language would spread rapidly from pole to pole, to the east and the west, it would be the language of the future.
James Madison, Letters and Other Writings of James Madison Volume 3|Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind, and unfits it for every noble enterprise, every expanded prospect.]
Joan Abelove, Saying it Out Loud|Everyone was eating, talking softly, glancing at me, hugging me, eating. It was as if someone had turned the volume down. Everything looked normal, but the sound was muted. Death did this, set all this weirdness in motion, made people appear out of nowhere carrying casseroles, saying 'I'm sorry' over and over, death muffled their voices.
Lu Yu|Sometimes when I'm aloneI Cry, Cause I am on my own.The tears I cry are bitter and warm.They flow with life but take no formI Cry because my heart is torn.I find it difficult to carry on. If I had an ear to confide in, I would cry among my treasured friend, but who do you know that stops that long, to help another carry on.The world moves fast and it would rather pass by.Then to stop and see what makes one cry, so painful and sad. And sometimes...I Cry and no one cares about why.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When you open yourself up to people, you show them where to put the knife in.
Ann Voskamp|Say what you will about Queen Eleanor, she was a savvy, quick-witted woman who made her mark on history. And as the founder of the Courts of Love, what better patron monarch could there be for a romantic novelist?
Andrew Vachss, Only Child|A couple of buffoons were running for some state-senate seat just vacated by the incumbent's prison term. One accused the other of being "against the Internet" - a knockout punch in a world where whole hordes of humans think better sex is a faster modem.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Mark Lawrence|To some life is a complaint, to some it is a competition and to some it is a conquest.
Richard Meier|The artistic part of us all - I think that the easiest way to appreciate this - is through architecture. Architecture is very impressive; the beauty of buildings, temples.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Self-critical thoughts and detrimental predictions about yourself have a huge impact on our mood/feelings. It affects our attitude, decisions and behavior. They ensure our self-esteem stays low and can create physical illnesses.
RVM|Money is important, no doubt it is. But is it everything? That's the question we miss when we make our Choices in Life.
Terra Elan McVoy, The Summer of Firsts and Lasts|Mattia thought that he and Alice were like that, twin primes, alone and lost, close but not close enough to really touch each other.
Durga Chew-Bose, Too Much and Not the Mood|What tethers me to my parents is the unspoken dialogue we share about how much of my character is built on the connection I feel to the world they were raised in but that I've only experienced through photos, visits, food. It's not mine and yet, I get it. First-generation kids, I've always thought, are the personification of déjà vu.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|Any man, you'll soon learn, has an insurmountable need to blame someone else when he is made to look a fool.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|It's like he has emotional amnesia... I think you have to accept that the person you knew isn't there at the moment. I was witness to how much he loved you. I have the photos. This isn't the person we knew. I don't recognize this person. He's shed his skin." Her heart is broken too. She has to say the thing that will give me back my life. She draws on every reserve. I see how much it hurts her and it hurts me too. I came from her joy and her pain, I lived in it and I live in it now.
Howard Tayler, Emperor Pius Dei|Captain, you have heard the charges. How do you plead? Before you answer, you should know that if you plead "guilty" you'll be immediately extradited and U.N.S. law will take over.""Not guilty.""Also, it's not very nice to lie in court.""But it beats extradition.
John Cage, Silence: Lectures and Writings|The emotions - love, mirth, the heroic, wonder, tranquility, fear, anger, sorrow, disgust - are in the audience.
Angie karan|Forgive your self and others by removing the anger that stands in your way and replace it with love, to heal your soul and your spirit.
Janis Karpinski|It was the most pleasurable thing I've ever done, playing this character, and I just remember feeling so at home and so - I don't know, I was just happy - and it just wasn't ever work! It was like a sandbox for me, and I would crack myself up rehearsing.
Umberto Eco, Foucault's Pendulum|…the more things you know, or pretend to know, the more powerful you are. It doesn’t matter if things are true. What counts, remember, is to possess a secret.
Robin Sacredfire|For many people, money is an index of how successful one is. And so they fear competition and attach themselves to their shadows. Such path drives one towards materialism rather than spiritualism. So what’s the difference between such individuals and those that work in the hope of quitting their job? Well, the main difference is that materialist people separate the two realities in the hope they can earn money from the work they love and then quit the work they don’t like. And by creating such division they remain there, in the middle, trapped. They think that by following what they love to do, step by step, they’ll be guided towards the right direction. But if their thoughts were clear, they would know they’re diving themselves and perpetuating their fate, rather than solving it. They neglect the mental barriers stopping them from achieving their goal. And anyone is responsible for determining the result that one holds in his thoughts. In other words, if you had not made such division in the first place, and instead accepted the lack of duality, you would achieve your result much faster. That is why almost all entrepreneurs rather work hard and be poor when starting a business than waiting for the right time to quit their job. There’s not such thing as the right time, or a shift from one reality unto another, because you create both things, your fortune and your unfortunate, and you own your luck and results, all the time. Whatever you believe in present time, perpetuates that same present time.
Christina Channelle, Those Four Letter Words|That narrows down the search quite a bit,” Daniel commented. “But what if you still don’t find her?”“Then I’m still not going to join the throng of mindless dicks out there looking for a dizney-whore to take advantage of.” Will was frowning but Daniel laughed explosively through his nose.“I can’t believe you just said that!
Thilsath|A person who has the power to take a life, should have the intelligence to choose not to.
Kazim Ali, Our Deep Gossip: Conversations with Gay Writers on Poetry and Desire|In the lingering moments before you die your body releases DMT. The same drug that makes you dream. The same drug found in every living animal. It's not an evolutionary trick to make you survive. Your body is choosing to release this drug now because it believes your fate is too grim for you to comprehend. So you dream. You dream that everything will be fine. You dream that nothing happened at all. It's in this moment that your body sits across from you. It tells you 'looks like we're not gonna make it this time.' You sit around a fire and recollect the past before soon parting ways back to the atomic ether. Your body does this because it loves you. You have never met anyone like your body. Your body has been with you everyday, good and bad. It's even kept a journal of your life carved in scars. Your eyelashes always wiped the tears from your eyes.
D. B. Sweeney|I am not really into paintings, to be honest, but for me, the art I love is when I see singers putting their heart into their song, actors giving the performance of their lives, and books and movies that make me feel something I never thought I could; there's art in everything as long as it's made with soul.
Kiersten White, Perfect Lies|When you are in love, you do all sorts of crazy, impossible things with and for the person you love.
Kevin Systrom|I gravitated towards the field of clothing design, partly because it is a creative format that is modern and optimistic.
Samuel Beckett|I have tried to live very quietly, so I could be happy.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|To destroy that which seeks to destroy me, God invites me to stand against it until it stands down and then falls down.
Chidi Okonkwo|Knowledge is like an endless resource; a well of water that satisfies the innate thirst of the growing human soul. Therefore never stop learning... because the day you do, you will also stop maturing.
T.S. Eliot, The Rock|O Light Invisible, we praise Thee! Too bright for mortal vision. O Greater Light, we praise Thee for the less; The eastern light our spires touch at morning, The light that slants upon our western doors at evening, The twilight over stagnant pools at batflight, Moon light and star light, owl and moth light, Glow-worm glowlight on a grassblade. O Light Invisible, we worship Thee! We thank Thee for the light that we have kindled, The light of altar and of sanctuary; Small lights of those who meditate at midnight And lights directed through the coloured panes of windows And light reflected from the polished stone, The gilded carven wood, the coloured fresco. Our gaze is submarine, our eyes look upward And see the light that fractures through unquiet water. We see the light but see not whence it comes. O Light Invisible, we glorify Thee!
Michael Arad|I like to be surrounded by books. My wife Evelyn has a Ph.D. in comparative literature, so we have a lot of her Spanish and German literature books which are wasted on me, plus a lot of novels and books on art and architecture shared by us both. Evelyn used to edit an art magazine called 'FMR,' so we have a common interest in design.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|It is only through dialogue, deep listening, and passionate disagreement that we find our way to something larger than a singular and isolated point of view.
China Miéville|I just can't get with this idea that literature is a 12-step program. If someone wants to read a book to see good people get rewarded and the bad people get punished, essentially what they want is a fairy tale.
Chris Van Allsburg, The Chronicles of Harris Burdick: 14 Amazing Authors Tell the Tales|But the central branch of the Enoch Pratt Free Library was still a place of wonders to Tess, even if the book budget had been slashed and the hours cut. Her parents had made a lot of mistakes, a fact Tess compulsively shared on first dates, but she gave them credit for doing one thing right: Starting when she was eight, they gave her a library card and dropped her off at the downtown Pratt every Saturday while they shopped. Twenty-one years later, Tess still entered through the children's entrance on the side, pausing to toss a penny in the algae-coated fish pond, then climbing the stairs to the main hall. If she could be married here, she would.
Ernest Rutherford|If antimatter and matter make contact, both are destroyedinstantly. Physicists call the process ‘annihilation.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Let your child see you doing a good deed instead of you telling him or her to do it, and the little child shall one day grow up to become a real kind human being.
Susan Faludi, Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women|Are you still as angry as you used to be?' Julia, the World War II resistance fighter, asked Lillian Hellman in the biographical [movie] Julia. "I like your anger…. Don't you let anyone talk you out of it.
Jayce O'Neal|Cynicism is when a small mind and a hurt heart rejects the hope, love, and truth of a big and caring God.
Kilian Grey|When you’re speaking in the truest, most intimate voice about your life, you are speaking with the universal voice.
Choa Kok Sui, Compassionate Objectivity - The Golden Lotus Sutras on Character Building|Courage is the difference between success and failure. You must have this attitude, this is the right thing to do.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the body complex (pudgal)? It is influx and outflow (puran-galan); it is credit and debit. And if you attain knowledge of the Soul, the Self, then you will attain Moksha (liberation).
Mishi McCoy|Your present circumstances may seem limited, but you are never limited by your present circumstances.
Trae Crowder, The Liberal Redneck Manifesto: Draggin' Dixie Outta the Dark|In our humble12 opinion, the South in general’s attitude regarding the war and everything that came after needs a major paradigm shift. Put simply: we need to be more like Germany. Ya see, after World War II, Germany as a nation took responsibility for its crimes, owned up to them, and has refused to make excuses for the atrocities that occurred. Germans own it. That’s just the way it is. (Or at least the perception of the way it is, and as we keep reiterating, the perception can be just as important as the reality.) How many people in the South could stomach the idea of Nazi statues existing in Germany in order to “honor the past” but “not meant to offend the Jews, of course?” Because y’all do realize that’s what most of these Civil War monuments are, right?
Megan Jacobson, Yellow|I'm sitting in front of the TV, watching Jerry Springer, and it makes me think of how many mad people there are in the world, and whether everyone is mad deep down, they just pretend they're not, and it's the people in asylums or on Jerry Springer who are the honest ones. I have a notebook and a chewed-up pen, and I'm trying to think of a topic for the Youth Issues speech. Mrs Thomas says she thinks I have a lot to say, but I don't. Nothing I can put words to anyway. I could talk about bullying, or alcoholism, but I don't think I could speak about that out loud, it's too real, and it'd be like I was standing up there naked. More than naked. It would be like my skin was all peeled off and I was just standing there with my heart all bloody and thumping in my rib cage for everyone to see.
Gary Zukav|He took over anger to intimidate subordinates, and in time anger took over him.
Tracey Alvarez, In Too Deep|Wow," Clay said. "Never thought I'd see the day a woman walked away from you. And in the middle of a the desert." He cracked up and pulled his cell phone from his pocket. "I'm definitely tweeting this.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|Let go of toxic control, in order to regain healthy control.
Kevin Kwan|What's interesting about the shift from an industrial age to a technological age is that we keep inventing new media: movies, records, radio, television, the Internet, and now ebooks - and one of the things that's most interesting about the invention of a new medium is watching it reinvent itself as it penetrates the culture.
Ehud Barak|World War II had a very important impact on the development of technology, as a whole.
Alan Kreider, The Change of Conversion and the Origin of Christendom|Missiologists have in recent years begun to think seriously about inculturation, and historians have begun to learn from them. When the Christian message is inserted into a cultural framework, if the messengers are insensitive to the local culture the result can be cultural imperialism. On the other hand, if they grant too much hegemony to the local culture, the result at best is 'syncretism' and at worst 'Christo-paganism.' Things are most wholesome when sensitive interchange takes place leading to 'a truly critical symbiosis.' But for this to happen, there must be a second stage - a time of 'pastoral follow-up work,' of catechizing and life formation enabling the new faith to express its genius in the institutions and reflexes of its new host culture.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|Blending into the tinctures and textures of the countryside. The tree which falls without any human hearing still falls, as the creatures who die without being found by a human still die.
Charles M. Schulz|All right, so you believe in Santa Claus, and I'll believe in the 'Great Pumpkin.' The way I see it, it doesn't matter what you believe just so you're sincere! (Linus)
Leo Tolstoy, A Confession|Let us hush this cry of 'Forward', till ten thousand years have gone.
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|They had been there. I had seen my mother’s anxious face, desperate to catch my eye and give me a warm smile. I had tried to smile back, but I had not known how. That old curse again. How to smile. If I smiled too broadly it might look like triumphalism; if I smiled too weakly it might look like a feeble bid for sympathy. If I smiled somewhere in between it would, I knew, look, as always, like plain smugness. Somehow I managed to bare my teeth in a manner that expressed, I hope, sorrow, gratitude, determination, shame, remorse and resolve.
Sarah Rees Brennan, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|Magnus remembered a town in Peru whose Quechua name meant “quiet place.” He recalled even more vividly being obscenely drunk and unhappy over his heartbreak of that time, and the maudlin thoughts that had recurred to him over the years, like an unwanted guest slipping in through his doors: that there was no peace for such as he, no quiet place, and there never would be.Except he found himself remembering lying in bed with Alec—all of their clothes on, lounging on the bed on a lazy afternoon, Alec laughing, head thrown back, the marks Magnus had left on his throat very plain to see.
Tom Colicchio|Reason is a crutch for age, but youth is strong enough to walk alone.
Valerie Tarico, The Dark Side: How Evangelical Teachings Corrupt Love and Truth|Before we apply Joshua to our lives, we need to make sure which side of the Jordan we are living on. Militarism invites God's wrath.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|We teach girls that they cannot be sexual beings in the way boys are. If we have sons, we don’t mind knowing about their girlfriends. But our daughters’ boyfriends? God forbif. (But we of course expect them to bring home the perfect man for marriage when the time is right.)
Elizabeth von Arnim|I had dedicated my life to words. But sometimes, words are not needed.
Sabina Berman, Me, Who Dove into the Heart of the World|Acceptability is that secret, which brings in surrender,Which brings in totality, which brings in love,From where arises our Oneness.
Margaret Way, Bauhinia Junction|He takes a few dazed steps, the waiters turn out the lights and he slips into unconsciousness: when this man is lonely he sleeps.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the storm underestimates your power, nothing happens to him; but if you underestimate the power of the storm, you sink!
Ramana Pemmaraju|As long as you try to think intelligently, you have missed the point.
Alexander Pope|To wake the soul by tender strokes of art,To raise the genius, and to mend the heart
Andrew Breitbart|I was pretty bad. When I first was diagnosed with kidney failure, my function - the function of my kidney was less than 8 percent.
Jeanette Winterson, Weight: The Myth of Atlas and Heracles|Earth is ancient now, but all knowledge is stored up in her. She keeps a record of everything that has happened since time began. Of time before time, she says little, and in a language that no one has yet understood. Through time, her secret codes have gradually been broken. Her mud and lava is a message from the past.Of time to come, she says much, but who listens?
Cecilia Robert, Reaper's Novice|It is possible to reclaim your future, to build a happy life despite an imperfect past. We can order the universe to our will and mind.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Return|And that, my friends, is how a revolution dies.-Haymitch Abernathy
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|The typical expression of opening Friendship would be something like, 'What? You too? I thought I was the only one!
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|By all means be submissive in the bedroom (if you are that way inclined), but don't be submissive to life. Being life's bitch is no fun at all. Life may play up in many ways, but it's up to you to take control, take charge and show life who's really calling the shots.
Abraham Myerson, The Foundations Of Personality|You know what, Sam? We created the council to take pressure off of you. Because you were falling apart.”Sam just stared at her. Not quite believing she’d said it. And Astrid seemed shocked herself. Shocked at the venom behind her own words.“I didn’t mean…,” she started lamely, but then couldn’t find her way to explaining just what it was she didn’t mean.Sam shook his head. “You know, even now, as long as we’ve been together it still surprises me that you can be so ruthless.”“Ruthless? Me?”“You will use anyone to get what you want. Say anything to get your way. Why was I ever even in charge?” He stabbed an accusing finger at her. “Because of you! Because you manipulated me into it. Why? So I would protect you and Little Pete. That’s all you cared about.”“That’s a lie!” she said hotly.“You know it’s the truth. And now you don’t have to bother manipulating me, you can just give me orders. Embarrass me. Undercut me. But as soon as some problem hits, guess what? It’ll be, oh, please, Sam, save us.”“Anything I do, I do for everyone’s good,” Astrid said.“Yeah, so you’re not just a genius now, you’re a saint.
Jeanette Coron|Anybody who leads with hate, is not fit for leadership.
Maurice Maeterlinck, Wisdom And Destiny|Truly they who know still know nothing if the strength of love be not theirs; for the true sage is not he who sees, but he who, seeing the furthest, has the deepest love for mankind. He who sees without loving is only straining his eyes in the darkness.
Robert A. Heinlein|When the winter comes, the summer shines infinitely in our hearts!
Clare Furniss|They get quieter over the years. They still whisper to you sometimes, but the world gets louder. You can see it and hear it again. There's a gap in it, where they used to be. But you get used to the gap; so used to it that you can hardly see it. And then some days, out of nowhere, you're making the tea or banging out the washing or sitting on the bus and it's there again: that aching, empty space that will never be filled.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you are going to devote your time to do something you claim you love, take this thought; "is this what I was sent to do? What do I have to have it do well?" This is potential.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I won't let that night ruin you forever." But it did, it broke me into a million pieces and blew them away in the wind, like crumbled leaves.
Rick Riordan|My dear young cousin, if there's one thing I've learned over the eons, it's that you can't give up on your family, no matter how tempting they make it.
Robert  Black|Many scorned women delude themselves that the past was negative and to be forgotten, whereas the present is positive and to be celebrated. But what they also forget is, at one time they celebrated that past, as the positive present.
Siobhan Davis, Beyond Reach|(...)Through the ship's telescopes, he had watched the death of the solar system. With his own eyes, he had seen the volcanoes of Mars erupt for the first time in a billion years; Venus briefly naked as her atmosphere was blasted into space before she herself was consumed; the gas giants exploding into incandescent fireballs. But these were empty, meaningless spectacles compared with the tragedy of Earth.That, too, he had watched through the lenses of cameras that had survived a few minutes longer than the devoted men who had sacrificed the last moments of their lives to set them up. He had seen ...... the Great Pyramid, glowing dully red before it slumped into a puddle of molten stone ...... the floor of the Atlantic, baked rock-hard in seconds, before it was submerged again, by the lava gushing from the volcanoes of the Mid-ocean Rift...... the Moon rising above the flaming forests of Brazil and now itself shining almost as brilliantly as had the Sun, on its last setting, only minutes before ...... the continent of Antarctica emerging briefly after its long burial, as the kilometres of ancient ice were burned away ...... the mighty central span of the Gibraltar Bridge, melting even as it slumped downward through the burning air ...In that last century the Earth was haunted with ghosts - not of the dead, but of those who now could never be born. For five hundred years the birthrate had been held at a level that would reduce the human population to a few millions when the end finally came. Whole cities - even countries - had been deserted as mankind huddled together for History's closing act.
James Salter|Once you're in a room like '30 Rock,' it's a creative setting, so you write more even after you go home, just because you're still in that mode of coming up with jokes. So the job wasn't sapping standup jokes, but it was sapping stand up time and energy, and I wouldn't be able to travel as much.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Progressing at a snail’s pace is still progress, and slow progress is better than no progress. Never be stagnant, and never give up.
H.P. Lovecraft|At night, when the objective world has slunk back into its cavern and left dreamers to their own, there come inspirations and capabilities impossible at any less magical and quiet hour. No one knows whether or not he is a writer unless he has tried writing at night.
Lyubko Deresh, Спустошення|Я почуваюся мов немовля, яке надто довго жило в череві цього світу, аж поки він не став затісним для нього. Це небо придавлює мене, ці будинки накликають напади клаустрофобії. Мені час виходити назовні.
Immanuel Kant|By this freedom the will of a rational being, as belonging to the sensuous world, recognizes itself to be, like all other efficient causes, necessarily subject to the laws of causality, while in practical matters, in its other aspect as a being in itself, it is conscious of its existence as determinable in an intelligible order of things. It is conscious of this not by virtue of a particular intuition of itself but because of certain dynamic laws which determine its causality in the world of sense, for it has been sufficiently proved in another place that if freedom is attributed to us, it transfers us into an intelligible order of things."―from_Critique of Practical Reason_. Translated, with an Introduction by Lewis White Beck, p. 43.
Sophie Oak, Siren in the City|I want to glide in a world of beauty,’ I said. ‘To be carried away into a world of luxurious things.
Alma Luz Villanueva, Song of the Golden Scorpion|A trance healer in Bali, an eagle woman, asked me, 'What is freedom, madam?' She had a chained eagle, her ally in healing, and it broke my heart, those huge, folded wings. So I asked her why the eagle couldn't fly free, why it was chained. And then her eagle eyes dug into mine, and she asked, 'What is freedom, madam?
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|When people who remember her better than me talk of her, she is always described as headstrong and irresponsible, which, if you think about it, are just different words for untameable. The wind is untameable, and so are rivers, and there is something poetic in that.
Jonathan Sacks|A system of education is not one thing, nor does it have a single definite object, nor is it a mere matter of schools. Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
Rich Mullins|Redemption came as a wave of relief, but then it followed with a burden.
Martin Yan|I believe one of the best things about managing people is that we can influence lives in a positive way. That's basically what a manager is about. When I can do that, I am very happy.
Naomi Wolf, Vagina: A New Biography|There, alone in the sterile room, sitting on a pink vinyl chair that boasts many cracks in its once nice upholster, you wait. You think to yourself , who would have thought I would be ringing in the New Year by urinating into a cup to see if I have chlamydia?
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|A god who is capable of sending intelligible signals to millions of people simultaneously, and of receiving messages from all of them simultaneously, cannot be, whatever else he might be, simple. Such Bandwidth!
Marion Woodman|I use the word mystery,rather than magic.I love magic.something magic was always going to happen. When it did, it never did anything but land me in trouble. MYSTERY is the depth of the sacred.Page 33 coming home to my self
Ian Sansom, Paper: An Elegy|Believe it or not working in libraries is very similar to working on an ambulance or a fire truck. You take care of a lot of homeless people, you sometimes have to clean up things that require latex gloves, you always wear comfortable shoes, and you put out a lot of “fires”!
Erica Bauermeister, The School of Essential Ingredients|While the egg yolks cooled, he directed the beaters at the egg whites, setting the mixer on high speed that sent small bubbles giggling to the side of the bowl, where a few became many until they were a white froth rising up and then lying down again in patters and ridges, leaving an intricate design like the ribs of a leaf in the wake of the beaters
Jonathan P. Lamas|We often take for granted those familiar faces and places, the repetitive nature of something once new, excitement wanes. To capture that early moment and hold onto it for all our days, true bliss. Looking at the old in in a different way, making it new once again.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|In His manifesto, Jesus promised to send the Holy Spirit of God to us when He ascended into the Kingdom above. He fulfilled this mission. Mission accomplished! Great people make plans and promises that they yearn to fulfill. Keep your eyes on the goals you set to accomplish; let them be done as planned!
Deyth Banger|Off so stupid mothers... so stupid plans... what are you planning..., for god sake???
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The more light in your composition, the more generous you are. That is the first sign of a true light warrior. They give without waiting for you to ask. They give without expecting to be repaid. They give to strangers and even offer help to enemies. And sadly, because their light is so bright, they also attract tons of bugs and flies their way.
Susan   Hamilton, Hit Woman|Every day is a new beginning, the building of a habit. Every action is a step in some direction. There is no pause in living.
Dan Pink|I like learning stuff. The more information you can get about a person or a subject, the more you can pour into a potential project. I made a decision to do different things. I want to do things that have a better chance of being thought of as original. I do everything I can to disrupt my comfort zone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The spark of divinity enfolds in love, in light and in faith.
Duane Hewitt|In dream, delusion, and fantasy, exist man’s next best reality: that place where he is the creator of his own worlds; where he builds, learns, discovers and entertains; is master of all outcomes, his own god of destiny, and thus the student of his own evolving and ever uncertain truth.
Himmilicious|So you'll be my bodyguard for any guys who want to introduce me to anal?' I joke.'I will defend your virtue and your ass to the death,' he says with a knightly vow.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Secrets of a Noble Key Keeper|Gavin stood within the trees, observing her from the shadows. He watched the basket rise to her nose as she closed her eyes to sniff at its contents. A smile told him it smelled delicious, but she didn’t open the container to pinch off a sample. Instead, the basket lowered to swing at her side as it had previously done.	All at once the air was filled with soft singing--a sweet, merry tune comprised of ludicrous lyrics. It was impossible not to grin at the 
Lauren Kate, Passion|I’ll love you with all my heart, in every life, through every death. Iwill not be bound by anything but my love for you.
Ron Johnson|I'm pretty positive, optimistic, so I always expect the best.
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Sometimes I dig holes for people to fall in. Then I shout, “I've got you!
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|I tried to imagine how things could get much worse. The gods were in the Midwest fighting a huge monster that had almost defeated them once before. Poseidon was under siege and losing a war against the sea Titan Oceanus.Kronos was still out there somewhere. Olympus was virtually undefended. The demigods of Camp Half-Blood were on our own with a spy in our midst.Oh, and according to the ancient prophecy, I was going to die when I turned sixteen—which happened to be in five days, the exact same time Typhon was supposed to hit New York. Almost forgot that.
Simon Sinek|It is unfortunate, considering that enthusiasm moves the world, that so few enthusiasts can be trusted to speak the truth.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Trust is that tiny thread that holds your brand together; when trust is torn or tampered with, you will have a broken brand; your business will fall.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|During the last ten years of his life my father gradually lost the power of speech. At first he simply had trouble calling up certain words or would say similar words instead and then immediately laugh at himself. In the end he had only a handful of words left, and all his attempts at saying anything more substantial resulted in one of the last sentences he could articulate: 'That's strange.'Whenever he said 'That's strange,' his eyes would express an infinite astonishment at knowing everything and being able to say nothing. Things lost their names and merged into a single, undifferentiated reality. I was the only one who by talking to him could temporarily transform that nameless infinity into the world of clearly named entities.
Thomas Wolfe, Of Time and the River: A Legend of Man's Hunger in His Youth|The thought of these vast stacks of books would drive him mad: the more he read, the less he seemed to know — the greater the number of the books he read, the greater the immense uncountable number of those which he could never read would seem to be…. The thought that other books were waiting for him tore at his heart forever.
Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet|So long as you have life, you can pursue your dream.
Gil A. Waters|The capital of the United States is the home to the best of the worst humanity has to offer. The most corrupt, the most deceitful, the most tyrannical, the most greedy, and the most evil rise through the ranks of the political machines and eventually find themselves safely in bed participating in the incestuous orgy of corruption occurring daily in Washington, DC.
Rick Riordan|I don't get a chance to be funny with the thrillers. I like to be funny, and I think I am really funny. So with 'Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life', it was fun to let loose.
Scott Adams|The truth is, people don't know me. When people don't know you, they're going to try to get to know you as quickly as possible, because you're now taking the place of somebody that they love dearly, or somebody that they hate sincerely, and so they need to know who you are.
Jeff Greenfield|Widespread public access to knowledge, like public education, is one of the pillars of our democracy, a guarantee that we can maintain a well-informed citizenry.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|About two-thirds of Americans believe that the Bible "answers all or most of the basic questions of life"—and 28 percent of them admit that they rarely or never read it!
Russell Kyle, Awakened Living: A Practical Guide to the Spiritual Life|I count myself lucky, having long ago won a lottery paid to me in seven sunrises a week for life.
Mo Farah|When I came to America, I dreamed bigger dreams.
Sumit Agarwal|Patriotism is not defined by loyalty to a particular elected official or political party. Indeed, excess loyalty to a single individual or party is the very antithesis of patriotism, as it places fealty to that individual or party over allegiance to the country, its interests, and its values. True patriotism is measured by the extent to which one believes in, and is willing to fight for and defend, the defining values and core principles of our country.
Biz Stone|The point of school, after all, isn’t to do homework. The point of school is to learn. It was a mistake to assume that teachers—or anyone else, for that matter—automatically knew what was best for me.Rules are there to help us—to create a culture, to streamline productivity, and to promote success. But we’re not computers that need to be programmed. If you approach your bosses or colleagues with respect, and your goals are in alignment, there’s often room for a little customization and flexibility. And on the other side, those in positions of power shouldn’t force people to adhere to a plan for the sake of protocol. The solution, always, is to listen carefully—to your own needs and to those of the people around you.
J.D. Lakey, Black Bead|The thing stank of unnamed yearnings, unfulfilled wishes, and a hunger so deep it make her feel hollow inside.
John Connolly, The Reapers|I have spent these last two days in concentrated introspection," said Cutie, "and the results have been most interesting. I began at the one sure assumption I felt permitted to make.I, myself, exist, because I think-"Powell groaned, "Oh, Jupiter, a robot Descartes!""Who's Descartes?" demanded Donovan. "Listen, do we have to sit here and listen to this metal maniac-""Keep quiet, Mike!"Cutie continued imperturbably, "And the question that immediately arose was: Just what is the cause of my existence?"Powell's jaw set lumpily. "You're being foolish. I told you already that we made you.""And if you don't believe us," added Donovan, "we'll gladly take you apart!"The robot spread his strong hands in a deprecatory gesture, "I accept nothing on authority. A hypothesis must be backed by reason, or else it is worthless - and it goes against all the dictates of logic to suppose that you made me."Powell dropped a restraining arm upon Donovan's suddenly unched fist. "Just why do you say that?"Cutie laughed. It was a very inhuman laugh - the most machine-like utterance he had yet given vent to. It was sharp and explosive, as regular as a metronome and as uninflected."Look at you," he said finally. "I say this in no spirit of contempt, but look at you! The material you are made of is soft and flabby, lacking endurance and strength, depending for energy upon the inefficient oxidation of organic material - like that." He pointed a disapproving finger at what remained of Donovan's sandwich. "Periodically you pass into a coma and the least variation in temperature, air ressure, humidity, or radiation intensity impairs your efficiency. You are _makeshift_."I, on the other hand, am a finished product. I absorb electrical energy directly and utilize it with an almost one hundred percent efficiency. I am composed of strong metal, am continuously conscious, and can stand extremes of environment easily. These are facts which, with the self-evident proposition that no being can create another being superior to itself, smashes your silly hypothesis to nothing.
Jeff Bridges|I thought I'd just do a wave of movies, and then I'd burn out. They just kept coming together.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|Do you want to know something about tyrants? When faced with death, they weep and they beg just like the rest of us.
Thomas Fuller|My house is my refuge, an emotional piece of architecture, not a cold piece of convenience.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Why, so we can look for some little kid who probably doesn’t even know he’s missing?”Again Sam resisted the surge of anger. As mildly as he could he said, “Brother, nobody is making you come.”“You saying I shouldn’t?” Quinn took two quick steps and grabbed Sam’s shoulder. “You saying you want me to leave, brah?”“No, man. You’re my best friend.”“Your only friend.”“Yeah. That’s right,” Sam admitted.“All I’m saying is, who died and made you king?” Quinn asked. “You’re acting like you’re the boss here. How did that happen? How come I’m taking orders from you?”“You’re not taking orders,” Sam said angrily. “I don’t want anyone taking orders from me. If I wanted people taking orders from me, all I had to do was stay in town and start telling people what to do.” In a quieter voice Sam said, “You can be in charge, Quinn.”“I never said I wanted to be in charge,” Quinn huffed. But he was running out of resentment. He shot a dark look at Edilio, a wary look at Astrid. “It’s just weird, brah. Used to be it was you and me, right?”“Yeah,” Sam agreed.In a whining voice Quinn said, “I just want to get our boards and head for the beach. I want everything to go back to how it was.” Then in a startling shout he cried, “Where is everyone? Why haven’t they come for us? Where. Are. My. Parents?
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|We start the day demotivated & tired due to our inability to bring joy & excitement to our working environment. Most of the days are exact reflection of previous days, & we become slaves to our routines. We do whatever is necessary, keep following the old successful formula - think for today & to justify our actions, surround ourselves with yes-men, block every new idea which challenges our intellect & avoid every action which requires a change in our routine. Soon our approach to work becomes so stationary that catching-up with growth becomes an impossible task
Anthony Doerr|When you know what you want to communicate, ask yourself: Who is my audience and what does he know about the subject?
Alice Munro, Queenie|A photograph is a most important document, and there is nothing more damning to go down to posterity than a silly, foolish smile caught and fixed forever.
Jennifer Thompson|A conquering force sustained the old folks and now centers us. Forming a collective of comeback saints, let us rally behind them and move forward. We’re called to a new awakening and application of what we’ve learned from those who’ve “looked over Jordan.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|(God) being the old man invented in order to, and with whom to, hold long conversations.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|The storage capacity of the average human brain is two-hundred and fifty-six exabytes. However, the average adult human only uses approximately one billionth of that storage space effectively. This means my knowledge capacity is approximately three thousand trillion times that of your average human.
John Irving, A Widow for One Year|To refer even in passing to unpublished or struggling authors and their problems is to put oneself at some risk, so I will say here and now that any unsolicited manuscripts or typescripts sent to me will be destroyed unread. You must make your way yourself. Why you should be so set on the nearly always disappointing profession is a puzzling question.
John F. Kennedy|If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
Elizabeth Peters, He Shall Thunder in the Sky|Once upon a time there was a mother who, in order to become a mother, had agreed to change her name; who set herself the task of falling in love with her husband bit-by-bit, but who could n ever manage to love one part, the part, curiously enough, which made possible her motherhood; whose feet were hobbled by verrucas and whose shoulders were stooped beneath the accumulating guilts of the world; whose husband's unlovable organ failed to recover from the effects of a freeze; and who, like her husband, finally succumbed to the mysteries of telephones, spending long minutes listening to the words of wrong-number callers . . . shortly after my tenth birthday (when I had recovered from the fever which has recently returned to plague me after an interval of nearly twenty-one years), Amina Sinai resumed her recent practice of leaving suddenly, and always immediately after a wrong number, on urgent shopping trips.
Ashish Dalela, Signs of Life: A Semantic Critique of Evolutionary Theory|He who believes that each being has been created as we now see it, must occasionally have felt surprise when he has met with an animal having habits and structure not at all in agreement.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Nothing is for free, even in heaven.
Marty Rubin|To truly fail in life is to never try. When you fall on your face, it is an opportunity for you to find the road again. It may remind you how hard the road is, but you will never forget its presence once you make contact.
John Green, Paper Towns|Margo always loved mysteries. And in everything that came afterward, I could never stop thinking that maybe she loved mysteries so much that she became one.
Philip Reeve, Predator's Gold|What Caul liked most about Tom was his kindness. Kindness was not valued back in Grimsby, where the older boys were encouraged to torment the younger ones, who would grow up to torment another batch of youngsters in their turn. “Good practice for life,” Uncle said. “Hard knocks, that’s all the world’s about!” But maybe Uncle had never met anyone like Tom, who was kind to other people and seemed to expect nothing more than kindness in return.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|I do wish men, when they're taking their leave from a lady at dawn, wouldn't insist on adjusting their clothes to a nicety, or fussily tying their lacquered cap securely into place. After all, who would laugh at a man or criticize him if they happened to catch sight of him on his way home from an assignation in fearful disarray, with his cloak or hunting costume all awry?
Ruthi Postow Birch, How to Build a Piano Bench|If it's the other guy's fault, you can't fix it. Don't blame other people for your problems. That gives them all the power. Own up to your mistakes.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|...no way through it but through it," I tell myself.
Barney Frank|I know that many of you do wear such a cross of Christ, not in any ostentatious way, not in a way that might harm you at your work or recreation, but a simple indication that you value the role of Jesus Christ in the history of the world, that you are trying to live by Christ's standards in your own daily life.
Ambrose Bierce|I love cookbooks for completely different reasons. I love 'The Harry's Bar Cookbook' and Marco-Pierre White's 'White Heat' for their feel. For pure learning, Gray Kunz wrote a great cookbook, 'The Elements of Taste', published in 2001. The first time I read Charlie Trotter's, the Chicago chef's first cookbook, I was blown away.
Julian Barnes, The Lemon Table|The cities make ferocious men because they may corrupt man. The mountain, the sea, the forest, make savage men; they development fierce side, but often without destroying the humane side.
Madchen Amick|Classical and romantic: private language of a family quarrel, a dead dispute over the distribution of emphasis between man and nature.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|Already, in the last few decades, you have realized the utter futility of of encumbering yourselves with superfluous possessions that have no useful virtue, but which, for various sentimental reasons, you continue to hoard, thus lessening your life's efficiency by using for it time and attention that should have been applied to the practical work of life's accomplishments. (The Miracle of the Lily - 1928)
Bryan Cranston|I'm a very slow screenwriter. It takes time for me to write a screenplay. Also, I feel it's not my strength.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|If you are different from the rest of the flock, they bite you
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday|Those who are truly alive are kindly and unsuspecting in their human relationships and consequently endangered under present conditions. They assume that others think and act generously, kindly and helpfully, in accordance with the laws of life. This natural attitude, fundamental to healthy children as well as primitive man, inevitably represents a great danger in the struggle for a rational way of life as long as the emotional plague subsists, because the plague-ridden impute their own manner of thinking and acting to their fellow men. A kindly man believes that all men are kindly, while one infected with the plague believes that all men lie and cheat and are hungry for power. In such a situation, the living are at an obvious disadvantage. When they give to the plague-ridden they are sucked dry, then ridiculed or betrayed.
Major Taylor|Wisdom, prudence, forethought, these are essential. But not second to these that noble courage which adventures the right, and leaves the consequences to God.
Marvin Sapp|Where there is devotional music, God is always at hand with His gracious presence.
Faraaz Kazi|If I had a choice, I wouldn’t be here… I wouldn’t be anywhere.
Simon Sinek|Cowards...cling to the hope that failure will never happen and may be sloppy in the face of danger - not because they don't acknowledge that it exists, but because they are just too afraid of it to look it in the eye.
Jeffrey Tayler|As I see it the world is undoubtedly in need of a new religion, and that religion must be founded on humanist principles. When I say religion, I do not mean merely a theology involving belief in a supernatural god or gods; nor do I mean merely a system of ethics, however exalted; nor only scientific knowledge, however extensive; nor just a practical social morality, however admirable or efficient. I mean an organized system of ideas and emotions which relate man to his destiny, beyond and above the practical affairs of every day, transcending the present and the existing systems of law and social structure. The prerequisite today is that any such religion shall appeal potentially to all mankind; and that its intellectual and rational sides shall not be incompatible with scientific knowledge but on the contrary based on it.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|...this pattern of casual intrusion whereby women could be leered at, touched, harassed, and abused without a second though, was sexism: implicit, explicit, commonplace, and deep-rooted, pretty much everywhere you'd care to look.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Love is a form of energy, and similar to all forms of energy, it is both essential for life and dangerous. Love can enrich a person’s life or destroy a person’s world. Love is a catalytic agent of change because it makes us dare to become the best person that we can be. Falling in love for the first time drives a person to the cusp of madness, while the bitter aftermath of a love lost irrevocably alters the positive and negative aspects of a person’s character. Withstanding rejection by a lover, we discover within us those ingredients that we will need in order to find our life mate and complete ourselves as man and woman.
Tayeb Salih, Season of Migration to the North|Everyone who is educated today wants to sit at a comfortable desk under a fan and live in an air-conditioned house surrounded by a garden, coming and going in an American car as wide as the street. If we do not tear out this disease by the roots we shall have with us a bourgeoisie that is in no way connected with the reality of our life...
Isaac Deutscher, The Prophet Armed: Trotsky, 1879-1921|I would later discover it was a bad idea to gather more than two of these people in an enclosed area for any length of time. The stage was not only a physical place but also a state of mind, and the word audience was defined as anyone forced to suffer your company. We young actors were a string of lightbulbs left burning 24 hours a day, exhausting ourselves and others with our self-proclaimed brilliance.
Laura Buzo|The only thing he was sorry for was slamming the door and perhaps raising his voice to the woman who'd been like a mother to him since the passing of his parents. Perhaps she hadn't really deserved his reaction, but he was, justifiably, weary of their meddling and hearing about his father's will. Apparently no suitable maiden was going to appear on his doorstep. He seemed to be looking for a needle in a haystack.
Auliq Ice|In war, the only true victory is peace.
Khul Waters, Journey into Submission|When he broke that long kiss, he smiled at her before kissing her hard. “So, my love, I hope that your punishment will stop you from trying another payback for a while at least?”Laura laughed and sighed, dramatically. “Of course, it will. I never want to be punished like that again. Well, not until tonight anyway. You will be back tonight, won't you? I'm often very bad at night so you may have to do this all over again to me until I learn how to be good. Hmm, and during the day, I'm not always very good either so you'd better watch out for that too.”“You don't make punishing you an easy task, do you? It almost seems like you enjoy being punished.”“No, it's not that, baby. Though, your punishment was very well given. It's just that I have a very aggressive, bad gene and it makes me backslide, umm, and often frontslide too. I have learnt with you that I'm always wanting to backslide and frontslide but, as it's obviously a genetic defect, I can't really be blamed for that, now can I” (Tales from Terrigal, Book 2, WIP)
James A. Chu|There are those who are legitimately corrupt, who cannot admit that legitimacy allows them to corrupt legitimacy, and to legitimately corrupt others.
Emma Calin, Knockout!|When I say love, I mean love.
Ann Voskamp|The practice of giving thanks...eucharisteo...this is the way we practice the presence of God, stay present to His presence, and it is always a practice of the eyes. We don't have to change what we see. Only the way we see.
Rupi Kaur|There was no market for poetry about trauma, abuse, loss, love, and healing through the lens of a Punjabi-Sikh immigrant woman.
Admiral William Halsey, U.S. Navy|You may be good, but who cannot be better?
Farshad Asl|360° AccountabilityAs an Entrepreneur, you are held: Accountable to GodAccountable to Your FamilyAccountable to Your TeamAccountable to Your ClientsAccountable to YourselfAccountable to Your Outcome
Joan Didion, South and West: From a Notebook|How impotent my anger was, a surge with no place to land, and how familiar that was: my feelings strangled inside me, like little half-formed children, bitter and bristling.
Jack Kerouac|A poet is a blind optimist.The world is against him formany reasons. But thepoet persists. He believesthat he is on the right track,no matter what any of his fellow men say. In hiseternal search for truth, thepoet is alone.He tries to be timeless in a society built on time.
Andy Lane|Your mind is like a spinnin’ wheel, rotatin’ endlessly and pointlessly until threads are fed in, when it starts producing yarn. Information is the foundation to all rational thought. Seek it out. Collect it assiduously. Stock the lumber yard of your mind with as many facts as you can fit in there. Do not attempt to distinguish between important facts and trivial facts: they are all potentially important
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|I have often noticed that we are inclined to endow our friends with the stability of type that literary characters acquire in the reader's mind. No matter how many times we reopen 'King Lear,' never shall we find the good king banging his tankard in high revelry, all woes forgotten, at a jolly reunion with all three daughters and their lapdogs. Never will Emma rally, revived by the sympathetic salts in Flaubert's father's timely tear. Whatever evolution this or that popular character has gone through between the book covers, his fate is fixed in our minds, and, similarly, we expect our friends to follow this or that logical and conventional pattern we have fixed for them.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Being optimistic is the view looking for the best, it comes with the “never give up” attitude.
Compton Gage|To conquer fear, you must become fear - you must bask in the fear of the BOOK... and men fear most what they cannot see- The Power of the Book is spiritual.
Amanda M. Lyons, Eyes Like Blue Fire|Tonight his father had caught up, carrying all the horrors of hell with him. His mother could no longer protect him—hide him—and now his father‟s wrath would fall on him. He ran across the fields and through the forest, his bare feet carrying him as fast as they could go, aching and bleeding into the night. He could feel his father‟s eyes on him and his stinking breath filling Raven‟s nostrils as he rushed toward the only place he had ever found safe. He sobbed, choking on his grief and his frustration—the horrible guilt of carrying all the anger from his father into their house making him sick and afraid. He ran with lungs and muscles burning from strain, throwing himself through the doors of the castle when he reached them and only then chancing to look back the way he‟d come.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Then are there no rules at all, Lord?” Moneo's voice conveyed a faint hint of hysteria.Leto smiled to ease the man's tensions. “Perhaps one. Short–term decisions tend to fail in the long–term.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|The stuff of life turned out to be not a quivering, glowing, wondrous gel but a contraption of tiny jigs, springs, hinges, rods, sheets, magnets, zippers, and trapdoors, assembled by a data tape whose information is copied, downloaded and scanned.
Dr. Seuss, One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish|From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere!
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|I believe this; "When you have a needy person in your neighbourhood, it's an opportunity for you to become a wealthy and healthy person!" Giving time is blessing time!
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|They had killed themselves over our dying forests, over manatees maimed by propellers as they surfaced to drink from garden hoses; they had killed themselves at the sight of used tires stacked higher than the pyramids; they had killed themselves over the failure to find a love none of us could ever be. In the end, the tortures tearing the Lisbon girls pointed to a simple reasoned refusal to accept the world as it was handed down to them, so full of flaws.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Can you not see that we still might win? We lost a battle, not a war.
Isaac Newton|When I took the habit, the Lord immediately showed me how He favours those who do violence to themselves in order to serve Him. No one saw what I endured... At the moment of my entrance into this new state I felt a joy so great that it has never failed me even to this day; and God converted the dryness of my soul into a very great tenderness.
Randy Murray|A writer is a dangerous friend. Everything you say, all of your life and experience, is fodder for our writing. We mean you no harm, but what you know and what you’ve done is unavoidably fascinating to us. Being friends with a writer is a bit like trying to keep a bear as a pet. They’re wonderful, friendly creatures, but they play rough and they don’t know their own strength or remember that they have claws. Choose the stories you tell to your writer friends carefully.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|For a water drop, the most beautiful house is a leaf; and for a man: The goodness! Let the goodness be your home you permanently live in!
Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy|Philosophy, though unable to tell us with certainty what is the true answer to the doubts which it raises, is able to suggest many possiblities which enlarge our thoughts and free them from the tyranny of custom. Thus, while diminishing our feeling of certainty as to what things are, it greatly increases our knowledge as to what the may be; it removes the somewhat arrogant dogmatism of those who have never travelled into the region of liberating doubt, and it keeps alive our sense of wonder by showing familar things in an unfamilar aspect
Tamara Rendell, Autumn Moon|Here,” he said, “I place the man I was aside the man I am now. And we have not the same hope nor thought, yet are one continuous breath from the body of I, Akiyama Akio.
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|Part of why I love these angry, straight, white punks is that they are stripping the dharma of its bullshit, and applying it to contexts and styles that, even if they aren’t mine, are at least different from the norm.
Howard Zinn, You Can't Be Neutral on a Moving Train: A Personal History of Our Times|Human beings, whatever their backgrounds, are more open than we think, that their behavior cannot be confidently predicted from their past, that we are all creatures vulnerable to new thoughts, new attitudes.And while such vulnerability creates all sorts of possibilities, both good and bad, its very existence is exciting. It means that no human being should be written off, no change in thinking deemed impossible.
Thomas More|If it be a point of humanity for man to bring health and comfort to man, and especially to mitigate and assuage the grief of others, and by taking from them the sorrow and heaviness of life to restore them to joy, that is to say, to pleasure, why may it not then be said that nature does provoke every man to do the same to himself?
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|As Luke knelt down beside his corpse, Clary couldn’t help but remember what he had said about having loved Valentine once, about having been his closest friend. Luke, she thought with a pang. Surely he couldn’t be sad — or even grieved?But then again, perhaps everyone should have someone to grieve for them, and there was no one else to grieve for Valentine.
Giuseppe Mazzini|Moreover, there was what Amy called “the cocksuckers’ contingent of the country”—what Danny knew as the dumber-than-dog-shit element, those bully patriots—and they were too set in their ways or too poorly educated (or both) to see beyond the ceaseless flag-waving and nationalistic bluster.
Cheri Vause, The Truth and Nothing but Lies|So, you think your coffee-addicted mother is amusing.” She pushed at his shoulder. “I’ll get even with you. I’ll show your naked baby pictures to your girlfriend.” ~ Chapter 9 The Truth and Nothing but Lies
Ashley Greene|But you know, I have a pretty good relationship with the press and the paparazzi. It's just when they step over the line that, you know, enough's enough.
Robert Ludlum|Science fiction has done a really good job of scaring us into thinking that computers shouldn't get too smart, because as soon as they get really smart, they're going to take over the world and kill us, or something like that. But why would they do that?
Deepak Gupta, Inspiring Life: Motivational Quotes That Can Change Your Life|#BlackandwhiteBlack and white both are best friends always. Discrimination has been creating by human not by them.Black always shines in the crystal white sunlight & white always shines in the dark black night.Black & white both are love of nature. They are synonym's of each other."Different is our perspective, not nature's creation"© Deepak Gupta
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At sacred-time, I will give birth to divine-twins in Jesus Name. Amen.
William Albert Allard|Photographers tend not to photograph what they can’t see, which is the very reason one should try to attempt it. Otherwise we’re going to go on forever just photographing more faces and more rooms and more places. Photography has to transcend description. It has to go beyond description to bring insight into the subject, or reveal the subject, not as it looks, but how does it feel?
RVM|When someone influences you to think negatively, they take Charge of your Life and will lead you to Destruction.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|But Nossie isn't the type of girl you'd bet on with your friends" LIsa said"And the problem is not that I'm betting on her, she gives my life a meaning, so whenever I talk about her with my friends, I'm trying to Question my intentions,I'm trying to fathom if I can love her the way she deserves." I said with my voice engulfed with hope.See whenever she walked next to me, my body would quake My vocal chords would lose signal And for that moment, i'd turn into a puppet stringed by her ravishing looks, by her immaculately crafted body.
Charles Baxter, Believers: A novella and stories|My God, the corruptions of literature. It put all these notions into our heads.
George Will|You're born with some things inside you that will allow you to lead, but I think you have to take the bull by the horns. You have to want that leadership position, and then there are things you can do to develop that.
Victor L. Wooten, The Music Lesson: A Spiritual Search for Growth Through Music|You can't speak Music with notes alone, but you can speak Music without notes at all!
Francois Hollande|As slavery died for the greater good of America, and the movement for equality sputtered to life, the white woman was on the cover of every American magazine. She was the dazzling jewel on every movie screen, the glory of every commercial and television show.
Gijs de Vries|Human intelligence is a reflection of the intelligence that produces everything. In knowing, we are simply extending the intelligence that comes to and constitutes us. We mimic the mind of God, so to speak. Or better, we continue and extend it.
John Alexander Dowie|My tears were wiped away, my heart was strong, I saw the way of healing…I said, “God help me now to preach the Word to all the dying around, and tell them how ‘tis Satan still defiles, and Jesus still delivers, for He is just the same today.
Stephanie Hudson, The Two Kings|I loved him and I would love him until every fibre in my body was gone and had turned to dust, but even when my bones had joined the earth, the memory of our love would live on beyond the ages.
Cherise Sinclair, Breaking Free|He wanted to hear her concerns and alleviate them, he wanted to hold her and kiss her and convince her that he would find a way to make their relationship work, no matter how hard that might be. He wanted to to make her hear his words: that he couldn't imagine a lofe without her,that his feelings for her were real. But most of all, he wanted to reassure himself that she felt the same way about him.
Sherwin B. Nuland, How We Die: Reflections of Life's Final Chapter|Do what is right, and do it now.
Shelly Laurenston, The Mane Event|Dez cringed as her boss slammed his door closed. But before she could walk away, he snatched it open again. “And I better not see your ass until after the New Year!” He slammed it again.Dez glared at Bukowski as she headed back to her desk. “I didn’t even do anything.”“You did ask her if she killed Petrov. I think your exact words were, ‘You whacked him, didn’t you? You sadistic bitch.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Then, for no reason I could tell you, I tossed the spool again, even though Elaine had asked me not to. Maybe only because, in a way, him chasing a spool was like old people having their slow and careful version of sex - you might not want to watch it , you who are young and convinced that, when it comes to old age, an exception will be made in your case, but they still want to do it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Let's go deeper and deeper... How you know that's night and morning what does it makes you to think??... Yeah, yeah the time... I know that, but let's removed it from the world... so reality it doesn't exist...!... How??? how?? You can't remove it, didn't you said that??Or my mistake?!It gets sun set in the morning and in the night it gets sun out... That's false thought unfortunately, what you see is just a shadow... Vsauce proved it!So how do you understand the differences between24:00 - PM which is counted as middle between the other day which is yesterday, if I can call it like this or after few minutes which will mean 59 it will become tomorrow, if it's Monday 24:00 Pm after 59 minutes it will become Tuesday... - (It's kind a interesting isn't it??)... now let's go little more far and the other is morning 02:01 which is the morning AM of the other day which is now yesterday. Strange!
Pablo|Imagine you are in a classroom and they hand you a test with many interesting multiple choice questions, until you get to “Can you just explain what exactly you believe how the Universe started?” & here are the options. a) The Big Bang b) It’s always been therec) God! or Godsd) A bowl of cherries e) I don’t know…. If you choose (a) then what or who & why caused it? & the test continues…..If you choose (b) that would be my choice. If you choose (c) then who or what created God or Gods? And where do they come from? And if you think they have always been there, the same thing could be said about the universe. If you choose (d) It doesn’t make sense, it is odd, an anomaly, not supposed to be etc :) if you choose (e) then you are being honest. There’s nothing wrong with not knowing. You can make “assumptions” or “pretending” that you know or a book (bible) “knows” or “tells” you but I just don’t buy that. The beauty of it is that you are here today & you can be thankful & enjoy all the life that you have ahead of you. And the test (life) continues with more wonderful questions and experiences :)
George Gordon Byron, Childe Harold's Pilgrimage|Then stirs the feeling infinite, s
Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds|The priest motioned for the congrecation to sit, then welcomed everyone in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Spirit. He wasn't so much thin as soft, with wisps of dull brown hair and oversize glasses that made him look gooberish. As he shook holy water over a bundle of cane stalks leaning against the wall, Charley wondered if his blessing would be powerful enough, because from where she sat, it looked like he'd have trouble asking for extra mayo on his sandwich.
J. Grant Howard, Balancing Life's Demands: A New Perspective on Priorities|It is our responsibility to discover our talents, to accept them as from God, to develop them through education and training, and to use them for His glory.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Caring about the happiness of others, we find our own.
Deyth Banger|In which case, why not cancer of the brain? As a terrified, half-aware imbecile, I might even scream for a priest at the close of business, though I hereby state while I am still lucid that the entity thus humiliating itself would not in fact be “me.” (Bear this in mind, in case of any later rumors or fabrications.)
Havelock Ellis|I can say that I never knew what joy was like until I gave up pursuing happiness, or cared to live until I chose to die. For these two discoveries I am beholden to Jesus.
Alice Hoffman, The Foretelling|We are only an instant, that's true. But we are eternal.
Marina and the Diamonds|Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|A real book is not one that we read, but one that reads us. 
John Mark Green|Birthing is never easy or without pain, be it a universe, a child, or a fresh start in life. Contraction precedes expansion. Darkness comes before dawn. Joy follows pain. This is the way of things.
Avril Lavigne, Avril LaVigne - Let Go|Sunrise, sunset, changes right before my eyes, but your vision stays forever in my heart
Nicole Krauss, Great House|In life we sit at the table and refuse to eat, and in death we are eternally hungry.
RVM|If your Life is full of Sorrow, then beg, steal, or borrow ENTHUSIASM from a great soul to make your Life whole.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|Grades are still important, buy they are not the most important things. As clichéd as it is, the things you learn outside class is more important than the textbooks you blindly memorize in time for exams.
Frank Graves|The Ancestral Trail was split into two-halves of 26 issues each. The first half takes place in the Ancestral World and describes Richard's struggle to restore good to the world. After the initial international run, which sold over 30 million copies worldwide, Marshall Cavendish omitted the second part of the trilogy and used the third part (future) for the second series that followed. This part of the series, written up by Ian Probert and published in 1994, takes place in the Cyber Dimension. It deals with Richard's attempts to return home. Each issue centered on an adventure against a particular adversary, and each issue ended on a cliffhanger.The Ancestral Trail was illustrated by Julek and Adam Heller. Computer-generated graphics were provided by Mehau Kulyk for issues #27 through #52.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I've never been this naked with a girl before. I'm not self-conscious or anything, but its different. Not weird. I'm definitely all right with Hayles seeing this much of me. "Wowza."Okay, now I'm a little embarrassed. "Is that a good thing?"She puts her hands on my chest and her face goes from pink to red. (...) "Seriously? Brody, this is totally another reason why you're just super fabulous."Huh?"You don't even know how freaking hot you are. That's uber sexy." Her eyes go to my bare torso. "Count with me." One finger strokes part of my stomach. "One..." She moves an inch or two over. "Two..." She slides down. "Three..." Back over. "Four..." Down. "Five..." Over. "Six."She flicks her gaze back up to me. "That's what people call a six-pack."I roll my eyes, but she keeps moving her fingers up to my chest. I want to stop her, but I don't at the same time. It feels too good. "And these..." She flattens her hands on me, and I tug her closer. "Are called pecs. Its like you stepped out of a fantasy.
|If you are always worrying about a rainy day, then it's time to strategically start saving for one.
Bill Johnson|Over the past five years, I’ve said my best prayers every night, haven’t missed a night, though I gotta admit, if it wouldn’t break my mother’s heart, I’d probably have stopped a year ago. I mean, praying to be free of Hiskott only makes me expect to be free soon, and then when the prayer’s never answered, you feel even worse, and you wonder what’s the point. I’m not criticizing God, if that’s what you think, because nobody knows why God does things or how He thinks, and He’s humongously smarter than any of us, even smarter than Ed. They say He works in mysterious ways, which is for sure true. What I’m saying is, maybe the whole praying business is a human idea, maybe God never asked us to do it. Yeah, all right, He wants us to like Him, and He wants us to respect Him, so we’ll live right and do good. But God is good—right?—and to be really good you’ve got to have humility, we all know that, so then if God is the best of the best, then He’s also the humblest of the humble. Right? So maybe it embarrasses Him to be praised like around the clock, to be called great and mighty all the time. And maybe it makes Him a little bit nuts the way we’re always asking Him to solve our problems instead of even trying to solve them ourselves, which He made us so we could do. Anyway, so after almost giving up on prayer, and being pretty darned sure that God is too humble to sit around all day listening to us praise Him and beg Him, the funny thing is, I’m praying like crazy for Oddie. I guess I’m hopeless.
1 Minuto na Palma da Mão|Christmas is conceptualized with solidarity. That's nice! But let us at least be aware that it does not solve the problem. However, doing your part, it's a start. It does not have to be material help, start with a sincere and cozy hug in your loved ones.A gesture, worth more than thousand words!
Elizabeth Goudge, The Rosemary Tree|I mean, you may cause others a spot of bother by your weaknesses, perhaps, but coping with you may possibly increase their strength and sympathy. But if you sin deliberately, even if it seems only against yourself--well--you won't be the only one to suffer. You may even be the one who suffers least.
Lao Tzu|perception shapes priorities, priorities shape people
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|I feel that 'Thank you' is about the best prayer that anyone could say. A sincere prayer of Thanks expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding.
Ryk Brown, Rise of the Corinari|We fear God by honoring, reverencing, and cherishing Him. His greatness and majesty reduce us to an overpowering sense of awe that is not focused only on His wrath and judgment but also on His transcendent glory , which is like nothing else we can confront in this world. It leaves us all but speechless.
Cressida Cowell, How to Fight a Dragon’s Fury|You gotta stand up and walk, Gem,” he said quietly, turning his back on them. “You have to walk out of here. Not just for them, but for yourself. Come on. You have to walk out of here on your own two feet.” So I did.
Imania Margria|Even if I don't have wings to fly, I'll close my eyes and open my heart; then I'll make love my wings and hope the winds that give me flight.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|You judge very properly, and it is happy for you that you possess the talent of flattering with delicacy. May I ask whether these pleasing attentions proceed from the impulse of the moment, or are the result of previous study?
Bijou Hunter, Bourbon Blues|But what really won me over was his butt. What finally made it impossible for me not to like the man was how right out there on the Adventist basepaths, right in front of eighty or ninety of the kind of pious adult spectators who spent their every Sabbath if not their entire lives trying to forget the existence of things like butts, Beal's buns were trying to light a fire by friction inside his jeans; they were gyrating like a washing machine with its load off balance; they were thrashing against his pants like two big halibut against the bottom of a boat. And the wonderful thing, the amazing thing, was how once his older audience got over the shock of it, they began to look amused at, then fascinated by, and finally downright grateful toward his writhing reminder that yes, buns did exist, and yes, every one of us owned not one but two of the things, and yes, like the God who created them in His Image, they did indeed move in mysterious ways.
Charity Shumway, Ten Girls to Watch|I am what you made me, Father.
Gina Wings, Secrets of a Perfect Hair Color: Adventures of an Urban Woman|Right after Matt died, I was afraid to do basically everything. I couldn’t even bite my nails or sniff my shirt to see if I needed deodorant without feeling like he was watching me. I willed and prayed and begged him to give me a sign that he was watching, that he was with me, so I would know. But he never did. Time moved on. And I stopped being afraid. Until right now, vulnerable and insecure and a little bit drunk. Lying in the sand and falling in crazy love with someone I just met. Matt is watching me. Observing. Possibly judging. And the worst part of it is, I don’t want to wake up under his landslide of sad rocks anymore. I don’t want to taste the marzipan frosting and the clove cigarettes. I don’t want to think about the blue glass necklace or the books he read to me on his bed or the piles of college stuff or some random boy in the grocery store wearing his donated clothes. I don’t want to be the dead boy’s best-friend-turned-something-else. Or the really supportive neighbor friend. Or the lifelong keeper of broken-hearted secrets.
Claire Messud|She resembled the swallow in the fable who once every thousand years transferred a grain of wheat, in the hope of rearing a mountain to reach the moon. Such persons are raised up in every age; they obstinately insist on transporting their grains of wheat and they derive a certain exhilaration from the sneers of the bystanders. “How queerly they dress!” we cry. “How queerly they dress!
Darrell Calkins|On those who try to make me their guru or master, my approach is to start destroying that from the first moment we meet. It probably seems naive and idealistic, but I rely on basic, old-fashioned qualities in keeping my interactions clean: integrity, chivalry, honesty. In my experience, it’s not that difficult to eliminate the guru paradigm and stereotype, if one really wants to. Finally, it comes down to simply not accepting a role or the associated temptations offered.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass: The Death-Bed Edition|You know, sometimes the world seems like a pretty mean place.' 'That's why animals are so soft and huggy.
Ella Maillart|Every journey that is successful has culs-de-sac and speed bumps. I carry a wisdom gene through my life through the good, the bad, and the ugly.
Garry Shandling|I don't hate humanity and I'm not interested in people who do. Although, it's funny, actually, some of my favorite writers really do. Like Martin Amis. My dirty secret. 'London Fields' is one of my favorite books ever. And it's indefensible! But he's so funny... I forgive him everything.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|When you listen to radio you are a witness of the everlasting war between idea and appearance, between time and eternity, between the human and the divine. Exactly, my dear sir, as the radio for ten minutes together projects the most lovely music ithout regard into the most impossible places, into respectable drawing rooms and attics and into the midst of chattering, guzzling, yawning and sleeping listeners, and exactly as it strips this music of its sensuous beauty, spoils and scratches and beslims it and yet cannot altogether destroy its spirit, just so does life, the so-called reality, deal with the sublime picture-play of the world and make a hurley-burley of it.
Tom Walsh|When there is abundance of fish, we need help to pull the nets.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|Here is an equation worth remembering: Five dollars earned minus seven dollars spent = Unhappy Life." (Life Hacks, p.51)
Haritha Velpureddy|You think i do not know how to live, but i think you are not even living, you just exist.
Amanda Ripley, The Unthinkable: Who Survives When Disaster Strikes - and Why|I was still too much of a fledgling with people to understand that, in the long run, nobody is a picnic and that I was no picnic myself.
Connie Kerbs|Overcoming fear is often much about understanding, accepting and embracing the power of self-healing, self-recovery, and self-discovery. At the same time it is often as much about the beauty of exploring more selflessness, and experiencing some of the true joys of "losing one's self," in others, and into good things that are more about others than one's own self.
Amit Kalantri|If you adjust first time, compromise second time, failure is what you will get third time.
John Taliaferro, All the Great Prizes : The Life of John Hay, from Lincoln to Roosevelt|. . . nobody in particular is to blame, that I can see, for the state in which things are . . .
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Nature and Selected Essays|I am the lover of uncontained and immortal beauty. In the wilderness, I find something more dear and connate than in streets or villages. In the tranquil landscape, and especially in the distant line of the horizon, man beholds somewhat as beautiful as his own nature.
C.S. Lewis, The Horse and His Boy|Praise is the most efficient tool to win many battles at once. It is through praise that the walls of Jericho collapsed, the same way Paul and Silas praised their way out of jail.
Rhyan Roads|This was crazy. He ate humans for breakfast. Not tomention he was older than Father Time. So why was Ifalling for him, falling for him when I couldn’t help butpush everyone else away? It frightened me to feel thisway, yet I couldn’t stop this and didn’t want to.
William Shakespeare|Small herbs have grace, great weeds to grow apace.
Sunday Adelaja|The world will lose something if you do not find yourself, if you do not answer the question “Who am I
Kamand Kojouri|Kamand, die every dayso you rememberto live.
Dave Wolverton, The Courtship of Princess Leia|I warn you, the trip will not be easy. Once you choose to walk in the light, your path will lead you places you do not want to go.
Amy Harmon, Prom Night in Purgatory|Life had taught her that consequences were ugly and painful, and seldom worth the pleasure they had been bartered for.
Avis J. Williams|We are all teachers, we all have knowledge and experiences that can teach others.
Tanya Fischer|I watch Letterman. Once in a while, on the odd night, I'll catch the Food Network and watch 'Ace of Cakes,' which I'm kind of obsessed with.
Ernst Haeckel|Brendan knew about the truth. In most cases, it was just a matter of deciding whether you wanted to look it in the face or live with the comfort of ignorance and lies. And ignorance and lies were often underrated. Most people Brendan knew couldn't make it through the day without a saucerful of ignorance and a side of lies.
Stephen Colbert|As Americans, we're not sure we share values. We're sometimes even afraid to use the word 'values.' We talk about teaching ethics in schools - people say, 'What ethics? Whose ethics? Maybe we can't.' And they confuse that with teaching of religion.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|To truly motivate others 1) discover what their motives, desires & drivers are 2) genuinely connect with and support them from the heart.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|But, Henry, this is wicked!' But, Adam, the world is wicked. Maoris prey on Moriori, Whites prey on darker-hued cousins, fleas prey on mice, cats prey on rats, Christians on infidels, first mates on cabin boys, Death on the Living. 'The weak are meat, the strong do eat.
Karen Swallow Prior, Booked: Literature in the Soul of Me|Besides, we were fifteen, and we couldn't get our feelings to match up with our brains. So we went with our feelings.
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|Worth as I use it here is immeasurable, not as in mathematics towards infinity. But that it can not be measured. There are no measurable parameters for it! Certainly not a material-communal measurable parameter for it! Such, it is what the being holds that cannot and should never be traded. When it is there, every essence of your being knows it, and takes commands from it that will be able to override any personal or imposed sense of value.
Ramana Pemmaraju|People think they know what you're feeling. What you must be feeling. And because it's easier not to expose yourself, what you're truly feeling, you don't disabuse them. You go through the motions for them.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|I am an art work in constant progress; I am my own canvas, my own colors, my own brushes and my own inspiration.
Mercy Cortez, Jagged Edge|My soul longs for God, but a man is not just his soul, is he? Terrible to say, my clay lusts after the clay of nubile girl. To soothe my guilt, and please forgive my indelicacy, I have convinced myself that I seek to find God again in their arms and their unmentionable places.
Truman Capote, In Cold Blood|Tell me a truth, Senna.""I don't know how," I breath."Then tell me a lie.""I don't love you," I say. I sink beneath the weight of it all.Isaac stirs behind me, and then he is leaning over me, his elbows on either side of my head."The truth is for the mind," he says. "Lies are for the heart. So let's just keep lying.
Rose A. Zimbardo|He was a humorist, and everyone knew the funny writers were the most serious sort under their skins.
Mike Bond, The Last Savanna|...the terrible though occurred to her that perhaps she'd always unconsciously believed that because Sam didn't cry, he therefore didn't feel, or he felt less, not as profoundly or deeply as she did. Her focus had always been on how his actions affected her feelings, as if his role was to do things for her, to her, and all that mattered was her emotional response to him, as if a "man" were a product or service, and she'd finally chosen the right brand to get the right response. Was it possible she'd never seen or truly loved him the way he deserved to be loved? As a person? An ordinary, flawed, feeling person?
Gisele Bundchen|Age focuses you. You are much better concentrated. There's more time when you travel less, don't do book tours, avoid interviews or public appearances. You walk the dogs, fish, hunt, cook and write.
Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life|Where there is light, darkness must cease.
Randi Weingarten|I can't imagine my life without books. My father was an electrical engineer, and my mother was a public school teacher. Books were an integral part of my childhood.
Auberon Waugh|The skill of the politician consists in guessing what people can be brought to think advantageous to themselves; the skill of the experts consists in calculating what really is advantageous, provided people can be brought to think so. (The proviso is essential, because measures which arouse serious resentment are seldom advantageous, whatever merits they may have otherwise.) The power of the politician, in a democracy, depends upon his adopting the opinions which seem right to the average man. It is useless to urge that politicians ought to be high-minded enough to advocate what enlightened opinion considers good, because if they do they are swept aside for others.
Robin McKinley, Chalice|Not all honey— she had concluded— had a specific use beyond what all honey is good for, sweetness and salves. But this honey, it was somehow so strong that it must be for something, though she had still not learnt what it was. The best she had come to was that this honey was for joy...
Caroline Wozniacki|One day my dad would say, 'OK, if you want to play tennis I can help you out.' And that's how it started. And I had a goal. I wanted to beat my mom first. And my parents and my brother. And that was the ultimate goal.
Johnson Rizzo National Geographic Feb. 2013|If we keep pulling death from the ground, we will reap death from the skies.
Maurice Strong|By adopting the control strategy, the nation's environmental program has created a built-in antagonism between environmental quality and economic growth.
Alija Izetbegović, Notes from Prison|500. There are paradoxes. If there were no night, we would be deprived of themagnificent image of a starry sky. Thus light deprives us of "vision," anddarkness helps us "see.
Jean Rhys, Voyage in the Dark|Was I heartbroken or furious? I didn’t know. I did know: that’s it. Our relationship could not continue like this, out of balance, unequal.And as surely as I knew this, I knew something else: But of course it can. We can continue to live exactly as we do right now, in a heavy-lidded state of love and unspeakable compromise. Isn’t that what people do? Every day? Don’t they ache but rename it tired?It made me wonder: Was it even fair to expect the person you’re with to be just as happy as you? Furthermore, how could you ever even know for sure? You couldn’t, was the truth of it. You could not know this.
Jean-Paul Sartre|The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety.
Michael Symon|I was a teacher for a long time. I taught at a community college: voice, theory, humanities. And nowadays, music education is a dying thing. Funding is being cut more and more and more.
Muhammad Yunus, Banker to the Poor: Micro-Lending and the Battle Against World Poverty|Even today we don't pay serious attention to the issue of poverty, because the powerful remain relatively untouched by it. Most people distance themselves from the issue by saying that if the poor worked harder, they wouldn't be poor.
Steven Redhead|You can't change the past, only your perception of it; but you can control the future.
Anonymous|Those who grant sympathy to guilt, grant none to innocence.
Dee Henderson, Danger in the Shadows|She wasn't a cowardIf she were she would have retreated back into her shell years before and pulled back entirely from life. She was a fighter. Life knocked her down, and she coped by getting up and moving on.
Bess Streeter Aldrich, Lantern in Her Hand|The prisoner's recurrent, sporadic dreams of escape were simply that - spurious vagaries dismissed almost as quickly as they blossomed in Schkirt's feverish mind.
Deborah Brooks|I have had my say, as he wished. Now the book belongs, as he points out, to the world he claims to speak for.
Steven Spielberg|My dad took me to my first movie. It was 'The Greatest Show on Earth' in 1952, a movie of such scale it was actually a traumatic experience.
G.K. Dutta|My death was written in that day when I was born, That is why I don’t fear about to die. I just fear that when I die who will cry?
Jose Andres|My father has been an actor since 1964. Things were tight a lot of the times, financially. It wasn't like a big romantic adventure.
Naomi Ragen, Jephte's Daughter|I can't get myself to say what happened next. I cannot cope with even thinking about this let alone living with it.""It is so degrading and I try to forget, it hurts so much because she is my mother."- Graham talks about being sexually abused by his mother
Cornelius Van Til, Essays on Christian Education|How shortsighted and how uncultured, then, are the efforts of believers in Christ when they seek for snatches of worldly culture for themselves by placing themselves, as they think, on common ground with those who are not believers in Christ. How dishonoring to their Christ if they allow that any culture endures unless it be because of the power of his resurrection in the world. If you have been taken out of the miry clay, do you jump back into it because of some glistening objects that you see in it? Do you run back into the house now almost burned to the ground in order to save your silverware? It is only those who are believers in Christ that will inherit the earth and all the fulness thereof.
Connor Franta|If you're trying to cut down the distance travelled from the farm to your plate, it makes sense to do the same for your pet. If we all shifted our bias towards sustainable pet food, we would be helping more than just our faithful friends.
Dada Bhagwan|If you say, ‘Now I look like an old man’, you will start to look like an old man. If you say, ‘No, I look like a young man now’, you will start to look like a young man. What you project is what you will see. Soul is the form of projection and if false projections are done, the worldly life is created! If you come to a state free of false belief (wrong projection), You will be in the state of the ‘Real form of the Self’ (mood swaroop).
Amy Poehler, Yes Please|When your children arrive, the best you can hope for is that they break open everything about you. Your mind floods with oxygen. Your heart becomes a room with wide-open windows. You laugh hard every day. You think about the future and read about global warming. You realize how nice it feels to care about someone else more than yourself. And gradually, through this heart-heavy openness and these fresh eyes, you start to see the world a little more. Maybe you start to care a teeny tiny bit more about what happens to everyone in it.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|The worm doth woo the mortal, death claims a living bride, Night unto day is married, morn unto eventide, Earth a merry damsel, and heaven a knight so true,And Earth is quite coquettish, and beseemeth in vain to sue.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|No reflection was to be allowed now, not one glance was to be cast back; not even one forward. Not one thought was to be given either to the past or the future. The first was a page so heavenly sweet, so deadly sad, that to read one line of it would dissolve my courage and break down my energy. The last was an awful blank, something like then world when the deluge was gone by.
Whitney Otto, Eight Girls Taking Pictures|It’s the difference between your wife’s passport photograph and the portraits you took when you gotengaged. Both may have been created with similar technology, but what stands in that great gulf between them are the passion you have for your wife, the knowledge you have of her personality, and your willingness to use your craft, time, and energy to express that. One says, “She looks like this.” The other says, “This is who she is to me. It’s how I feel about her. See how amazing she is?
Agnes De Mille|Great dancers are not great because of their technique, they are great because of their passion. 
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Truth is hard-hearted and unrelenting, too clear, precise; a lie is much more imaginative.
Unknown 9|Truth exists for the wise, beauty for the feeling heart.
Leona Lewis, Leona Lewis: Spirit|Oh, there ain't no love, no Montagues or CapuletsJust banging tunes and DJ setsAnd dirty dancefloors and dreams of naughtinessI Bet that You Look Good on the Dancefloor
Alan Dapre|A critic must be knowledgeable in several fields, practices, and mediums. Brushing off art that they personally don't understand, is not a critique.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Instead of hiding behind the curtain, be the curtain itself; you will never be found!
Tamara Stamenkovic|When I touch you, it makes me trembling.I feel like I've lost myself, existentially.Your lips on mine makes me feel likeI'm flying across the universe, without aimlessly.
Barbara Sleigh|-a superb moon, round as a pumpkin and golden as honey, filling the rooftop world with light, and deep, mysterious shadow.
Louise Hawes, The Language of Stars|BearingsYou are my dear compass,who knows no way but true,so when I'm lost and drifting,I find myself in you.Yet when I ask you, fearful,if I should set you free,imagine my surprise to hearyou take your north from me.
Colin Wilson, Ritual in the Dark|Man knows himself as body, and what he knows of spirit comes through grace. The poet would call it inspiration. But the spirit bloweth where it listeth. Man has no control over his inspiration. If a piece of music or a poem has moved him once, he can never be certain that it will happen again. But man hates to think that he has no control over the spirit. It would discourage him too much. He likes to believe that he can summon the spirit by some ordinary act. Instead of striving to prepare himself for it through discipline and prayer, he tries to summon it arbitrarily through some physical act—drinking Düsseldorf beer, for instance. . . Stein said, chuckling:Which is the way all good Düsseldorfers summon the spirit, since our Dunkelbier is the best in Germany. The priest laughed with him, and for a moment Sorme had a curious impression that he was listening to an argument between two undergraduates instead of two men in their late sixties. He shrank deeper into his armchair, wanting them to forget his presence. The priest stopped laughing first, and Sorme had a glimpse of the tiredness that always lay behind his eyes. Stein also became grave again. He said: Very well. But what has this to do with the murderer? It has to do with sex. For sex is the favourite human device for summoning the spirit. And since it is also God's gift of procreation, it nearly always works. . . unlike music and poetry. Or beer, Stein said. Quite. But even sex is not infallible. And man hates to think that he has no power over the spirit. The more his physical methods fail him, the more voraciously he pursues them. His attempts to summon the spirit become more and more frenzied. If he is a drinker, he drinks more, until he has more alcohol than blood in his veins. If he is a sensualist, he invents sexual perversions. Ah, Stein said. There are many other ways, of course—the lust for money and power, for instance. All depend upon man's refusal to face the fact that the spirit bloweth where it listeth, that no physical act can be guaranteed to summon it. . .
Lavie Tidhar, The Old Dispensation|The first drops of rain started to fall.'God's policemen,' said Jester. 'You what?' 'The police always used to pray for rain before any big demonstration because people wouldn't turn up. Nobody wants to run riot in the streets if it's pouring with rain. Who's going to want to fight in this?
Catie Marron, City Squares: Eighteen Writers on the Spirit and Significance of Squares Around the World|This deeply free and public space plays a vital role in our world, equally important in our digital age as in Greco-Roman times, when they were marketplaces for goods and ideas. As common ground, squares are equitable and democratic; they have played a fundamental role in the development of free speech.
Caroline A. Shearer, Where Is the Gift? Discovering the Blessing in Every Situation|When we talk about our problems, we create more of them. When we talk about solutions and positive responses, we create more solutions and positive responses.
Pauline Seaport|Your heart should not be used as a compass for out of it can come deceit, evil thoughts, and actions.
Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot|Even fairy tales have limits," said Sophie. "Three people can't have an Ever After. Not without me being alone.
Scott Sigler, Alive|I've never been this dirty. I've never been this sweaty and disgusting. I've never been this afraid, this thirsty, this alone". "I haven't been a good leader, but--people are counting on me to take them to safety. I don't know if I'm twelve or twenty or if I'm twenty and I don't think age matters anymore-------There is a way out. I will find a way out.
Jennifer Niven, Holding Up the Universe|You know, that's what you've been doing in a way--coming out. Coming out of your room. Coming out of your house. Coming out of your shell.
Emil Dorian, Quality of Witness: A Romanian Diary, 1937-1944|I stopped in front of a florist's window. Behind me, the screeching and throbbing boulevard vanished. Gone, too, were the voices of newspaper vendors selling their daily poisoned flowers. Facing me, behind the glass curtain, a fairyland. Shining, plump carnations, with the pink voluptuousness of women about to reach maturity, poised for the first step of a sprightly dance; shamelessly lascivious gladioli; virginal branches of white lilac; roses lost in pure meditation, undecided between the metaphysical white and the unreal yellow of a sky after the rain.
J.K. Rowling|I wait all year for the colder seasons, just so that when I wear my Hogwarts scarf it's functional as well as fashionable.
Cacilda Jethá, Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality|He's got a can up there,' Richard said.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|The researchers summarized: "A human mind is a wandering mind, and a wandering mind is an unhappy mind. The ability to think about what is not happening is a cognitive achievement that comes at an emotional cost.". Long ago, Buddhists reached much the same conclusion.
Sunny Mabrey|My dad could be beyond brilliant but totally introverted. If we're talking about computers, he's on. Otherwise, he's a total recluse - he stays in the house and won't leave, and I'm like that. If I'm not working, I'm locked up in my room.
Louisa May Alcott, Rose in Bloom|Keep good company, read good books, love good things and cultivate soul and body as faithfully as you can
Carla H. Krueger|Be brave. Take the hill. But first answer the question, "What is my hill?
Chang Ha-Joon|We often blame our government for their lack of responsibility, socially and politically. We forget that that is only a result of the societal irresponsibility in general.
Christopher Poindexter|And in the end, we were all just humans.. drunk on the idea that love, only love, could heal our brokenness.
Adyashanti|If you prefer smoke over firethen get up now and leave.For I do not intend to perfumeyour mind's clothingwith more sooty knowledge.No, I have something else in mind.Today I hold a flame in my left handand a sword in my right.There will be no damage control today.For God is in a moodto plunder your riches andfling you nakedlyinto such breathtaking povertythat all that will be left of youwill be a tendency to shine.So don't just sit around this flamechoking on your mind.For this is no campfire songto mindlessly mantra yourself to sleep with.Jump now into the spacebetween thoughtsand exit this dreambefore I burn the damn place down.
Brett Scott, The Heretic's Guide to Global Finance: A Guide to Creative Financial Activism|I see dead Presidents. Lincoln, Jefferson, Franklin, and Washington.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Life, if you keep chasing it so hard, will drive you to death. Time - when pursued like a bandit - will behave like one, always remaining one county or one room ahead of you, changing its name and hair color to elude you, slipping out the back door of the motel just as you're banging through the lobby with your newest search warrant, leaving only a burning cigarette in the ashtray to taunt you. At some point you have to stop because it won't. You have to admit that you can't catch it. That you're not supposed to catch it. At some point, you gotta let go and sit still and allow contentment to come to you.
Elizabeth Bowen, The Death of the Heart|She posed as being more indolent than she felt, for fear of finding herself less able than she could wish.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, you have to love and forgive.
Jacci Mendelsohn|Be yourself, because you are the perfect YOU!
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Perhaps we have been dependent too long on language and thought, and need to reawaken our inherent sense of the subtle vibration of Energy-Consciousness. All you have to do is unblock the blocked parts and awaken the sleeping parts of your being to access it.
Peter Mutanda|Never argue with a fool, people might not notice the difference
A.L. Davroe, Nexis|I want him to be with me because he likes being with me, not because he's forced to be with me or because he wants something from me. That's not how friendship should be." [Ellani]
Janet Malcolm, The Journalist and the Murderer|The concept of the psychopath is, in fact, an admission of failure to solve the mystery of evil—it is merely a restatement of the mystery—and only offers an escape valve for the frustration felt by psychiatrists, social workers, and police officers, who daily encounter its force.
Machel Shull|A single prayer can alter your destiny if you have enough faith to believe. If this can be true, pray daily prayers for that someone, too.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Dating is probably the most fraught human interaction there is. You're sizing people up to see if they're worth your time and attention, and they're doing the same to you. It's meritocracy applied to personal life, but there's no accountability. We submit ourselves to these intimate inspections and simultaneously inflict them on others and try to keep our psyches intact - to keep from becoming cold and callous - and we hope that at the end of it we wind up happier than our grandparents, who didn't spend this vast period of their lives, these prime years, so thoroughly alone, coldly and explicitly anatomized again and again.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The main factor that makes leadership potentials to become abused often is ignorance. Many people can merely spell their names in alphabets, but cannot pronounce their brands!
Angela Diloy|Let it hurt. Pick those flowers on your lungs and let it wither. Let your heart stop beating for someone who doesn’t deserves it. Let yourself be burn to your worst degree. Fall right down on your knees and scream the damn pain inside you. You’ve let the love to do its work, let it hurt. That’s part of its work.Let it bleed. Let the tears roll down your face. For once, allow yourself to be an artist. Let your mouth bleed with the unspoken feelings you’ve been wanting to say and be the author of your own story. Let the abstract in you be seen by the people who are doubting you. Do not cut your wrist, blood and scar might ruin your skin. I know, your heart was cut by the words they’ve stabbed on you, let it bleed with poetry and speak for yourself.Let it heal. For how many times people could’ve told you that time heals. Let me now tell you that it’s you, and you only, who could heal yourself. You could pick your broken pieces and build a better and stronger you. Let it heal, not for anyone. Let it heal for yourself. Even for once, let it be for yourself.And let it go. Snap out of the darkness you’re in right now. Let go of the pain that’s stopping you from moving forward. Let the toxic people go, you could’ve been better without them. Stop holding on to the anchor. Stop drowning yourself from sadness. You could always be happy. Just learn to let go of the things that keep you away from that possibility, just let go.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|Salvation of human life requires disclosure of truth through reason, surpassing bigotry.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you have a very strong will to travel, the road will suddenly appear before you!
Mike Pence|Because tax cuts create an incentive to increase output, employment, and production, they also help balance the budget by reducing means-tested government expenditures. A faster-growing economy means lower unemployment and higher incomes, resulting in reduced unemployment benefits and other social welfare programs.
Gary   Hopkins|you can find better than me, worst than me. But you'll never find someone exactly like me.
Mora Early, Twisted Arrangement|Got a pair just like those. Never seen 'em lookin' like that though." "Like what?" Sauntering away from her, I smirked. "Sexy as fuck.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Look for all of the possible missteps in the following scenario. My friend Amy arrived at a consultation with her Hispanic business partner. The African American woman to whom they were delivering their presentation was a long-time friend of her partner’s. Her partner was greeted with a hug and Amy was greeted with a handshake. The meeting was a great success.As it came to a close, the two friends hugged. With enthusiastic affection, Amy went to hug the African American client. The woman took a step, turned her shoulder to block the hug, and looked at Amy with dismissive anger. It was almost a defensive move. Her partner, recognizing this, put her arm around Amy to soften the situation and make light of the inappropriate gesture. Everything turned out fine, but Amy was baffled by the barrier. She was confused by the woman’s reaction since their interaction had been cordial and positive. She wondered if she had been socially insensitive or culturally inappropriate. After much reflection, however, she realized that she had simply been too quick to assume familiarity. Thankfully, she earned and learned the lesson quickly to become more aware. Amy eventually earned the trust of her client and secured her valuable business.
John Heywood|For me, life has either been a wake or a wedding.
Debasish Mridha|When every heart is filled with peace and every mind is searching for peace, how can there be war?
Michael Bassey Johnson|A very serious mental disorder is associated with creativity, a disorder that afflicts only the great souls, and its cure is not known, even to the great souls”.
Matt Keener, Executive in Sweatpants: A Handbook for Launching Your Work from Home Career|A major reason many Americans still struggle to find meaningful work is because they are using tactics from the 1990s and early 2000s. The future for employment is now here...and it's online."~February 21, 2013 as featured by CBS Money Watch
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|God hath thus ordered it, that we may learn to bear one another’s burdens; for no man is without fault, no man without his burden, no man sufficient of himself, no man wise enough of himself; but we ought to bear with one another, comfort one another, help, instruct, and admonish one another.
P.S. Martinez|Seriously, this old woman had no idea how close she came to being squashed like a roach. -Sage Hannigan, Contingency
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|I was lost in a void of perpetual darkness. Disconnected from myself. Turned inside out. No sign of life. Eventually, the darkness was my light and the void a haven – a quiet place where I could nurse my secret and lick my wounds.
Nia Forrester, The Seduction of Dylan Acosta|I think it's nice for stars to do interviews to make us think they are just like us, but to tell you the truth, I get the feeling that it's all a big lie. The problem is I don't know who's lying.
Brenda Ueland, If You Want to Write: A Book about Art, Independence and Spirit|Don't always be appraising yourself, wondering if you are better or worse than other writers. "I will not Reason and Compare," said Blake; "my business is to Create." Besides, since you are like no other being ever created since the beginning of Time, you are incomparable. 
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you lead the wise, walk behind them.When you lead the virtuous, walk beside them.When you lead the imprudent, walk in front of them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I also don’t think there’s any shame in saying that when I was raped, I became a victim, and to this day, while I am also many other things, I am still a victim.
Les Brown|We love our planet Earth. We should - it is our home, and there's no place like home. There can't ever be a better place than Earth.
Mark Buchanan, Your God Is Too Safe: Rediscovering the Wonder of a God You Can't Control|Although we should affirm the wonder and mystery of sexual intimacy and romantic attraction as God's good creations, we need to set these aesthetic enjoyments within the context of the Christian virtues of fidelity, self-sacrifice, and patience in suffering.Bringing this together, our pastoral approach should be double-edged, seeking to challenge our culture's worship of sexual desire and personal fulfillment while offering a different vision of human flourishing. Christian formative involves both RESISTANCE and REDIRECTION. But is is the redirection of our desires that enables our resistance of cultural idolatries. Failure to attend to the dynamics of our desires leads to inevitable self-deception regarding the 'freedom' of our actions. Especially within our sexual lives, our hearts must be truly captivated by the goodness of the Christian vision of life, so that our whole self is drawn toward it, or our commitment to live in tune with it will be brittle.
Sarra Manning, Adorkable|Learning how to balance the needs of individuals with the no-less-real needs of an institution was an important lesson. It's fine to be on the side of the little guy, but he too will ultimately suffer if the health and concerns of the greater body he belongs to are neglected.
Kimberly Lewis, What's Left of Me|It's the kind of storm that only happens on the highveld, the thunder loud and rapid. Zanele doesn't speak. I need her to. Maybe she is counting the people who have died since we first met.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Run your own race of life, with a single minded vision of purpos
Billy Collins, The Apple that Astonished Paris|I resolved, then, deep in my soul never to let him go. I'd be the one never to leave him. I'd prove to him that some things could be for always- that we could be.
Akansh Malik|School friends rarely remembered, hardly forgotten...!!
Lemony Snicket, The Grim Grotto|Of course, it is boring to read about boring thing, but it is better to read something that makes you yawn with boredom than something that will make you weep uncontrollably, pound your fists against the floor, and leave tearstains all over your pillowcase, sheets, and boomerang collection.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Any intervention, such as that of the German Reichsbank in the Spring of 1923, in which only a small part of the increasing note-expansion was recovered by the banks through the sale of foreign bills, would necessarily be unsuccessful. Led by the idea of opposing speculation, inflationistic governments have allowed themselves to become involved in measures whose meaning is hardly intelligible. Thus at one time the importation of notes, then their exportation, then again both their exportation and importation, have been prohibited. Exporters have been forbidden to sell for their own country's notes, importers to buy with them.
Evangeline Lilly|Don't disrespect me, lie about it, and then come smile in my face and act like nothing's wrong.
Holly Black, The Darkest Part of the Forest|Ben was taking her through the storm of grief. He was singing her through the rage and despair. He was singing her through the terrible loneliness, because there was no way to shut off grief, no way to cast it aside or fight against it. The only way to end grief was to go through it.As she realized that, his song began to change. It grew softer, sweeter, like the morning after a long cry, when your head still hurt but your heart was no longer broken.
Rush Limbaugh|Because of its tremendous solemnity death is the light in which great passions, both good and bad, become transparent, no longer limited by outward appearences.
Susanna Kaysen|Don’t ask me those questions! Don’t ask me what life means or how we know reality or why we have to suffer so much. Don’t talk about how nothing feels real, how everything is coated with gelatin and shining like oil in the sun. I don’t want to hear about the tiger in the corner or the Angel of Death or the phone calls from John the Baptist.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The facts of life do not penetrate to the sphere in which our beliefs are cherished; as it was not they that engendered those beliefs, so they are powerless to destroy them.
Anonymous|I couldn't ignore the fact that it felt good. So. Very. Good. To be held, in bed, in the arms of a tall, strong, handsome man.
Mira Bartok, The Memory Palace|Children of the mentally ill learn early on how not to be a bother, especially if they grew up with neglect. As my sister insisted once, when she was in severe pain after injuring her ankle, 'This isn't me! This is not who I am!
Lailah Gifty Akita|What I think, is what I think.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Roll Dice|Our Universe is a multidimensional one; every individual life unit consciously functions in a particular vibratory level (dimension or density) but unconsciously/ subconsciously functions in and through all the other levels, and as the awareness increases it moves to the conscious existence of the next immediate level.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
Sherilee Gray, Revved|Spread, Foxy. Show me that sweet spot.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Beds empty! No note! Car gone — could have crashed — out of my mind with worry — did you care? — never, as long as I’ve lived — you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy —""Perfect Percy,” muttered
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Heretic: Why Islam Needs a Reformation Now|Scheffer said a new ethnic underclass of immigrants had formed, and it was much too insular, rejecting the values that knit together Dutch society and creating new, damaging social divisions. There wasn’t enough insistence on immigrants adapting; teachers even questioned the relevance of teaching immigrant children Dutch history, and a whole generation of these children were being written off under a pretence of tolerance. Scheffer said there was no place in Holland for a culture that rejected the separation of church and state and denied rights to women and homosexuals. He foresaw social unrest.
Juan Pablo Di Pace|I tell people I'm too stupid to know what's impossible. I have ridiculously large dreams, and half the time they come true.
Bangambiki Habyarimana|El hambre agudiza el ingenio,” said Raphael.Hunger sharpens the wit.“Good proverb,” said Magnus. “However, like most proverbs, it sounds wise and yet does not actually clarify anything.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|Live your life, it will leave you behind.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|Love is the action verb of life, and of the heart.
Dan Brown, Origin|Remember death. Even for those who wield great power, life is brief. There is only one way to triumph over death, and that is by making our lives masterpieces. We must seize every opportunity to show kindness and to love fully.
Andrew Jackson|I don't run away from a challenge because I am afraid. Instead, I run toward it because the only way to escape fear is to trample it beneath your feet.
Elaine Seiler, Your Multi-Dimensional Workbook: Exercises for Energetic Awakening|We are all connected -- I believed it then and believe it still now -- at least in an energetic sense. And who’s to say this energy is not real? We can’t see gravity, either, yet we don’t deny it. We can’t see magnetism, yet we don’t question its forcefulness. So, why, then, when people -- spiritual people -- talk about a force of substance that binds us all, that unites us all -- when these people talk about souls -- why do we dismiss them as charlatans?
Jay Woodman|Innocent and joyfulI take your handfor I know you judge not,you simply understand.You are my companionon this voyage of discovery,singing sweet soft musicto the universe inside of me.
Donna Lynn Hope|Men will not accept truth at the hands of their enemies, and truth is seldom offered to them by their friends
Mitch Albom|And if you must sacrifice yourself, do that by marrying me. I’m not an easy man. You’ll earn your martyr’s crown before you’re done. Don’t condemn both of us to an eternity of unhappiness just because you’re too stiff-necked to face society’s censure.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|Man wants three things; life, knowledge, and love.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If, on the other hand, in the midst of difficulties we are always ready to seize an advantage, we may extricate ourselves from misfortune.
William Shakespeare, Henry IV, Part 2|Keyholes are the occasions of more sin and wickedness, than all other holes in this world put together.
Christian Lander, Whiter Shades of Pale: The Stuff White People Like, Coast to Coast, from Seattle's Sweaters to Maine's Microbrews|Your own gown is most delicately suitable, both to the occasion and to yourself,' to be translated: Your gown is insipid and entirely forgettable. If you wear it on every other occasion this entire season, no one will notice or care.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Beware of those who are bored and not passionate about life, for they will bore you with reasons for not living.
Alan McCluskey, The Reaches|Silence is the door to Oran Mor. Close your eyes. Quieten your thoughts. And listen. Listen in particular to the sound of the waves. Let the Great Song sing in you. In an hour I will ring a bell. When you hear it, make a sound that resonates with the waves. Let it flow and develop, calling on all you have heard in the silence.
Hillel|Before reacting to any conflicting situation in life. Ask yourself a simple question: "You want to be happy or you want to be right?
John Fowles|I lay in bed last night and thought of G.P. I thought of being in bed with him. I wanted to be in bed with him. I wanted the marvellous, the fantastic ordinariness of him. His promiscuity is creative. Vital. Even though it hurts. He creates love and life and excitement around him; he lives; the people he loves always remember him.I've always felt like it sometimes. Promiscuous. Anyone I see, even just some boy in the Tube, some man, I think what he would be like in bed. I look at their mouths and their hands, put on a prim expression and think about them having me in bed.Even Toinette, getting into bed with anyone. I used to think it was messy. But love is beautiful, any love. Even just sex.
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Counting by 7s|Pattie saw grief. Her eyes focused on a version of her own young self, and so many other children in Vietnam who grew up without parents, some abandoned because of their ethnicity, others because of tragedy. And her arms reached out wide.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I've made so many mistakes, so many corrections. I'm so far from perfect so many imperfections. But I'm a go getta I get up and go get it, so if you preaching prosperity, i wanna hit it.... 
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|Woman-identified women, whether straight, bisexual, or lesbian rarely make garnering male approval a priority in our lives. This is why we threaten the patriarchy. Lesbian women who have a patriarchal mindset are far less threatening to men than feminist women, gay or straight, who have turned their gaze and their desire from the patriarchy, away from sexist men.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Husband, we talked about this," Persephone chided. "You can't go around incinerating every hero. Besides, he's brave. I like that."Hades rolled his eyes. "You liked that Orpheus fellow too. Look how well that turned out.
T.K. Naliaka|Though they were not familiar with the expression,to paraphrase the saying, when any country in the Sahel sneezes, the rest of the region catches pneumonia, the men there would have clicked their tongues and ruefully nodded their heads that 'woolayi' this was the truth.
John Thackway|The speaker calls for a careful examination of Christ's principle of turning the other cheek before we use it as a demand or excuse for total personal pacifism. After all, when literally struck on the cheek, Jesus did question the legitimacy of the authority by which this was done.
Nick Krieger, Nina Here Nor There: My Journey Beyond Gender|I don't know why people persist in believing women are inferior, when it is quite clear that men are the more feeble-minded of the two.
Katie Crouch and Grady Hendrix, The White Glove War|[M]y grandmother and I sit across from each other at the Gryphon Tea Room, on the grandest section of Bull Street.
Bill Watterson|Years from now, when I'm successful and happy, ...and he's in prison... I hope I'm not too mature to gloat.
Noam Chomsky|Responsibility I believe accrues through privilege. People like you and me have an unbelievable amount of privilege and therefore we have a huge amount of responsibility. We live in free societies where we are not afraid of the police; we have extraordinary wealth available to us by global standards. If you have those things, then you have the kind of responsibility that a person does not have if he or she is slaving seventy hours a week to put food on the table; a responsibility at the very least to inform yourself about power. Beyond that, it is a question of whether you believe in moral certainties or not.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Let us not doubt, brother. Let us not pry into the holy mysteries of the hen-coop with simian fingers.
Bryan Davis, Tears of a Dragon|There is a place called ‘heaven’ where the good here unfinished is completed; and where the stories unwritten, and the hopes unfulfilled, are continued. We may laugh together yet.
Whipplesnaith, The Night Climbers Of Cambridge|We lay there with our bodies touching, and as I shook, a powerful knowledge took hold. He had done this thing to me and I had lived. That was all. I was still breathing. I heard his heart. I smelled his breath. The dark earth around us smelled like what it was, moist dirt where animals lived their daily lives. I could have yelled for hours.
Heather Brewer, Twelfth Grade Kills|Wrong. Enemies don't fight with such determined passion. That kind of focus is reserved for friends at odds with one another."pg 69 Tomas to Vlad
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|In my life, John has been the epitome of gratitude, and not just because he responds to every meal as if it were the best he'd ever eaten. Throughout the many years of our friendship I have learned that John lives on the breath of gratitude and his response is always celebratory. If an exclamation point had arms and legs, its name would be John.
Ally Condie, Reached|For we are all walking each other to our deaths, and the journey between footsteps makes up our lives
Kiersten White, Supernaturally|Muscles contract somewhere above the roof of my mouth, pumping venom into her bloodstream. Kelly cries out, a gasp of pain that turns suddenly to moans of euphoria as the carotids rush the narcotic serum directly to her brain. Her knees buckle, and I reach down to steady her — one arm over her breasts, the other around her waist as I hold her tightly to myself. Then the blood begins to flow, seeping out of the wounds I have made, and I put my lips to her skin and drink.There are no words adequate to describe it. My mind explodes with a wash of light and color, swirling and dancing before my eyes. Then the Sharing truly begins, and I can see inside her: images of her memories, her thoughts, her hopes and dreams, the way she remembers her past and how she imagines her future. Her joys; her grief; that which she loves and that she despises, what stirs her fire and chills her bones. And through it all, I feel the touch of her presence, and I know that she sees the same things inside of me.Blood is more than matter, more than plasma and hemoglobin. Blood is life, the river on which the spirit flows. And as Kelly's blood flows into me, it carries her life with it, until my soul entwines with hers. She has given a part of herself to me, and from this day forth we are bound to each other.
Sunday Adelaja|When life is lost, all is lost.
Stacey O'Neale|Now when you say staring, are you including yourself in this assessment? I recall you taking in the view on several occasions.""For the last time, I was not staring at you." I was a terrible liar. "Now, if you're done, I'd like to finish asking my question.
Jury Nel|Of all the evil man can do, the greatest is doing nothing.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|Lord, please restore to us the comfort of merit and demerit. Show us that there is at least something we can do. Tell us that at the end of the day there will at least be one redeeming card of our very own. Lord, if it is not too much to ask, send us to bed with a few shreds of self-respect upon which we can congratulate ourselves. But whatever you do, do not preach grace. Give us something to do, anything; but spare us the indignity of this indiscriminate acceptance.
Thomas R. Insel|It is my sincere hope that hospitals across Indiana, and America, continue to strive for excellence when it comes to providing medical care. This proposed rule will be harmful to communities who wish to upgrade their medical facilities.
Shannon Celebi|When I was twenty-something, I asked my father, “When did you start feeling like a grownup?” His response: “Never.
Ashley Newell, Freakhouse|Miss Appleby, her library books, and her story-telling sessions were very popular with all the children in Heavenly Valley. To Nancy and Plum they were a magic carpet that whisked them out of the dreariness and drudgery of their lives at Mrs. Monday's and transported them to palaces in India, canals in Holland, pioneer stockades during the Indian wars, cattle ranches in the West, mountains in Switzerland, pagodas in China, igloos in Alaska, jungles in Africa, castles in England, slums in London, gardens in Japan, or most important of all, into happy homes where there were mothers and fathers and no Mrs. Mondays or Marybelles.
Dan Jones, The Wars of the Roses: The Fall of the Plantagenets and the Rise of the Tudors|He wasn't an especially charismatic or commanding individual, but what he lacked in personality he emphatically made up for in diligence.
George Soros|In society, we have to earn other things of import like trust, respect, money, education, careers, status and etc., so naturally, we find ourselves attempting to earn love, acceptance and validation along with that. Here's the trip: we do it at the cost of other people and, more importantly, ourselves.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Everything is balanced. Everything physical (matter/energy) goes back and forth in balanced circles, cycles, or the equivalent. Birth-death, old-young, big-small, strong-weak, start-stop, up-down, rich-poor, beginning-end, fast-slow, hot-cold, pain-pleasure, win-lose, day-night, full-empty, high-low, in-out, success-failure, united-divided, give-receive, creation-destruction, on-off, positive-negative, etc.Positive and negative forces moving in balance are the physical universe.
Emma Goldman, Living My Life|I did not believe that a Cause which stood for a beautiful ideal, for anarchism, for release and freedom from convention and prejudice, should demand the denial of life and joy. I insisted that our Cause could not expect me to become a nun and that the movement would not be turned into a cloister. If it meant that, I did not want it.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|And the child smiled on the Giant, and said to him, 'You let me play once in your garden, to-day you shall come with me to my garden, which is Paradise.
Thomas More, Utopia|but in Utopia, where every man has a right to everything, they all know that if care is taken to keep the public stores full no private man can want anything; for among them there is no unequal distribution, so that no man is poor, none in necessity, and though no man has anything, yet they are all rich; for what can make a man so rich as to lead a serene and cheerful life, free from anxieties; neither apprehending want himself, nor vexed with the endless complaints of his wife?
Darrell Calkins, Re:|In making a clear distinction between desire (answer) and yearning (question), we inevitably end up back at personal purpose.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|On the one hand, if God is wiser than we His judgement must differ from ours on many things, and not least on good and evil. What seems to us good may therefore not be good in His eyes, and what seems to us evil may not be evil.
Annie Fellows Johnston, The Gate of the Giant Scissors|I’ve got something so lovely to think about that I’d like to go back and sit down in the garden, and just think and think until dark without being interrupted by anybody.
Darrell Drake, Everautumn|Strange how things turn out. Two birds, one stone and all that.' McBlane chuckled at his own impromptu joke. 'But things have worked out for the best and now we all get to work together,' he said, and a smile spread across his face as easy as a politician's lie.
Daryl Hall|Writing my novel 'The Narrow Road to the Deep North,' I came to conclude that great crimes like the Death Railway did not begin with the first beating or murder on that grim line of horror in 1943.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|When you see no present advantage, walk by faith and not by sight. Do God the honor to trust Him when it comes to matters of loss for the sake of principle.
Faith Baldwin, Many Windows, Seasons of the Heart|Be happy, noble heart, be blessed for all the good thou hast done and wilt do hereafter, and let my gratitude remain in obscurity like your good deeds.
Debasish Mridha|To get lost in the ecstasy and elegance of life, let me dive in the depth of love.
Dada Bhagwan|What is the goal of a human being? An Indian person can truly achieve a state of the Absolute Supreme Self [Parmatma, the Lord]. To achieve one’s own Absolute Supreme Self state is the ultimate goal!
Robert Louis Stevenson|You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|See, I believe every woman has a bitch inside of her but not everyone has control of her bitch. My inner bitch is alive and present but she doesn’t control me…I control her.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|In evaluating ourselves, we tend to be long on our weaknesses and short on our strengths.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Whenever anyone accuses some person of being ‘unfeeling,’ he means that that person is just. He means that that person has no causeless emotions and will not grant him a feeling which he does not deserve. He means that .‘to feel’ is to go against reason, against moral values, against reality.
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|At the side of Enjolras, who represented the logic of revolution, was Combeferre, representing its philosophy. The difference between logic and philosophy is that one can decide upon war, whereas the other can only be fulfilled by peace.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|You can be two things if you're a woman, Dolores. Betty Crocker or a floozy. Just remember your place - even if it kills you.
