Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|There’s no such thing as negative energy on the spiritual plane. It is an illusion. All negative energy comes from the ego. What we call negative experiences are only contradictions of the human ego’s belief…how we think we want things to be. When we can’t control, or when things don’t work as we expect, we think it is negative. It is not, it just is.
Lily Brooks-Dalton, Motorcycles I've Loved: A Memoir|Riding that ridge between reason and recklessness, stillness and speed, is the first, maybe the most important, thing I learned about motorcycles.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Sometimes you need to take the chance and risk it all. Everything might come to an abrupt end or lead to a prosperous beginning either way you would have got your answers, answers you happened to seek which will only be given to you when you ask for them, when you speak.
M.A. George, Relativity|Wow…At least I can rest assured that you definitely can’t read my mind,” I remarked. “Clearly you know nothing about me…because the surest way to keep me from doing something is to tell me I have no other choice.
Oliver Goldsmith, The Vicar of Wakefield|Conscience is a coward, and those faults it has not strength enough to prevent it seldom has justice enough to accuse.
Piet Mondrian|We have a relationship with our customer, and that relationship translates into sales.
Brian Andreas, Story People: Selected Stories & Drawings of Brian Andreas|Once exposed, a secret loses all its power.
Michael Hyatt, Living Forward: A Proven Plan to Stop Drifting and Get the Life You Want|While you can’t control everything, you can control more than you think, and you can live your life with a plan that will dramatically improve your chances of ending up at a destination you choose.
Dan Buettner|I believe, I believe every day is a good day when you paint.
Lauren F. Winner|The prevalence of anti-patriotic attitudes among liberal intellectuals led some of them to warn their fellow liberals of the consequences of such attitudes for the future not of America but of American liberalism. Most Americans, as the American public philosopher Richard Rorty has written, take pride in their country, but 'many of the exceptions to this rule are found in colleges and universities, in the academic departments that have become sanctuaries for left-wing political views.' These leftists have done 'a great deal of good for . . . women, African-Americans, gay men and lesbians. . . . But there is a problem with this Left: it is unpatriotic. It repudiates the idea of a national identity and the emotion of national pride.' If the Left is to retain influence, it must recognize that a 'sense of shared national identity . . . is an absolutely essential component of citizenship.' Without patriotism, the Left will be unable to achieve its goals for America. Liberals, in short, must use patriotism as a means to achieve liberal goals
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|You'll have a good, secure life when being alive means more to you than security, love more than money, your freedom more than public or partisan opinion, when the mood of Beethoven's or Bach's music becomes the mood of your whole life … when your thinking is in harmony, and no longer in conflict, with your feelings … when you let yourself be guided by the thoughts of great sages and no longer by the crimes of great warriors … when you pay the men and women who teach your children better than the politicians; when truths inspire you and empty formulas repel you; when you communicate with your fellow workers in foreign countries directly, and no longer through diplomats...
Lord Byron|The future is called "perhaps " which is the only possible thing to call the future. And the important thing is not to allow that to scare you.
Neil Gaiman|And remember whatever discipline you're in, whether you're a musician or a photographer, fine artist or a cartoonist, writer, a dancer, a singer, a designer... whatever you do, you have a thing that's unique. You have the ability to make art.
Washington Irving, Tales of the Alhambra|In the present day, when popular literature is running into the low levels of life, and luxuriating on the vices and follies of mankind; and when the universal pursuit of gain is trampling down the early growth of poetic feeling, and wearing out the verdure of the soul, I question whether it would not be of service for the reader occasionally to turn to these records of prouder times and loftier modes of thinking; and to steep himself to the very lips in old Spanish romance.
Nicole R. Locker, Tragedy and Desire|I feared that if I let him, it would be the final push over a ledge I had been precariously hovering on since the day I had first laid eyes on him.
Lois  Charles, Discard 2|Since the moment when, at the sight of his beloved and dying brother, Levin for the first time looked at the questions of life and death in the light of the new convictions, as he called them, which between the ages of twenty and thirty-four had imperceptibly replaced the beliefs of his childhood and youth, he had been less horrified by death than by life without the least knowledge of whence it came, what it is for, why, and what it is, Organisms, their destruction, the indestructibility of matter, the law of the conservation of energy, development—the terms that had superseded these beliefs—were very useful for mental purposes; but they gave no guidance for life, and Levin suddenly felt like a person who has exchanged a thick fur coat for a muslin garment and who, being out in the frost for the first time, becomes clearly convinced, not by arguments, but with the whole of his being, that he is as good as naked and that he must inevitably perish miserably.
Kellen Roggenbuck|If you aren't willing to fight for what you believe in, then you don't really believe in it. Faith is a verb.
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|I never saw Death before, and now I seeThat it is warring eyes in a woman's form.
Edith Pattou, East|In a corner of my soul there hides a tiny frightened child, who is frightened by a corner where there lingers something wild.
Amit  Chatterjee|Paradoxes are what draws Wisdom like bees to honey! Hence, where there is no paradox (Complexity), there is no need for Wisdom....
Erwin Schrödinger|Because if God doesn't exist we are the creaturesof highest consciousness in the universe. We alone understand thepassage of time and the value off every minute of human life. Andwhat constitutes evil, real evil, is the taking of a single human life. Whether a man would have died tomorrow or the day after oreventually . . . it doesn't matter. Because if God does not exist, this life . . . every second of it . . . is all we have.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Christianity is a sacred path to pursue the Knowledge of Son of God, Jesus Christ.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I fell in love with you in a hurry, like you were going somewhere fast - which you did. You came and went like an earthquake, like some sort of eclipse. I've spent hours, days, months, years missing you. But then something strange happened, and now I can't remember why I ever loved you at all. You didn't deserve it. I should have loved me more.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|if the roots are corrupt, no worthy fruits may erupt
Donna Brazile|Men have a psychological need to show off their courage and strength. When he sees you talking to another guy, that instinct kicks in and he jumps to protect you and prove he's worthy of your love.
Dave Barry|There comes a time in a man's life when he hears the call of the sea. If the man has a brain in his head, he will hang up the phone immediately.
Andrew Masterson, The Last Days: The Apocryphon Of Joe Panther|I left the warehouse at 8.00am. I don't believe in 8.00am. It exists, though. 8.00am is incontrovertible evidence that evil dwells in the world.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|Children need time to become themselves--through play and social interaction. If you overwhelm a child with stuff--with choices and pseudochoices--before they are ready, they will only know one emotional gesture: More!
Margaret J. Wheatley|Leadership that exploits and sacrifices young people on the altar of its goals is nothing more than raw, demonic power. Genuine leadership is found in ceaseless efforts to foster young people, to pave the way forward for them.
A.E. Samaan|Liberty is only possible on the condition of regularity. We cannot be free and play the game of life without abiding to the rules, but the rules have to be adapted constantly in line with our experiences and the events we encounter. ( “If he doesn't play ball “ )
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The more deeper you think, the more silence you become. You understand the reasons behind the reason. It may not necessarily mean you are short of words. You however know what ignorance can trigger and how to deal with ignorance and purpose. The timeliness of your word is surely on point
Leland Ryken, Realms of Gold: The Classics in Christian Perspective|It is untrue that fiction is nonutilitarian. The uses of fiction are synonymous with the uses of literature. They include refreshment, clarification of life, self-awareness, expansion of our range of experiences, and enlargement of our sense of understanding and discovery, perception, intensification, expression, beauty , and understanding. Like literature generally, fiction is a form of discovery, perception, intensification, expression, beauty, and understanding. If it is all these things, the question of whether it is a legitimate use of time should not even arise.
Walter Dean Myers, Street Love|Yeah, it’s hard, babyIt’s hard right down to the boneI said Oh, it’s hard babyIt’s hard right down to the very boneIt’s hard when you’re a womanAnd you find yourself all aloneI’ve been flapping and scrappingAnd running from door to doorYou know I’ve been flapping and scrapping, honeyRunning from door to door
Barry López, About This Life|Love means to realise that we are one with life. Real love means to realise that we are one with the other person, one with nature, and one with the trees, the stones, the earth and the blue sky. It means to realise that all of life is God.
Jay  Nichols, Uprising|Gareth Miller grabbed the beer first, then the hotdog, because if there’s one thing you don’t want to be caught dead without at these sorts of events it’s beer. The hotdog was strictly for show, a prop, a way of blending in.Burst of static in his right ear: “G-man, you read me? What’s yo’ twenty, dawg?”Gareth departed the concession stand, stopped, looked down at his hands, and tossed the hotdog into the first trash receptacle he saw. Raising his wrist to his mouth, he spoke into the cuff of his long-sleeved tee. “Concession stand, Section B. Over.”Allowing his hand to linger by his chin, he gingerly scratched his cheek as if he had meant to do it all along. The same voice: “Yo, I’m in position. Ready when you is.”Gareth cringed while crossing the wide concourse, checking both directions. The giant hallway was the main drag of a ghost town, its only residents a solitary custodian sweeping debris into a portable waste bin and the concession crew to his rear.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|What are you going to do? Are you going to live in the dark, locked in here? Afraid to look out, answer the door, leave? Yes, he's out there, and he's clearly not going to leave you alone until one of three things happens: he hurts you and gets arrested, or he makes a mistake and gets arrested, or you stop him.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Fred and George turned to each other and said together, “Wow — we’re identical!
José N. Harris|As Christians, we celebrate many holidays and memorials throughout the year. Some we decide to celebrate by referencing events in the Bible. Others are related to events in our personal lives. Still more are pushed upon by this World.There's nothing necessarily wrong with celebrating events that bring us joy or keep important parts of our lives in focus.As a Christian, it is important for me to follow Christ's words and teachings. I do not obey man's intepretations of God's word. I read it and follow it. Its that simple. I dont need an interpreter. Christ is my intermediary. Ive been blessed to have been given the gift of language and... in the Bible, when you read it in Aramaic, there is only ONE event, one memorial that Jesus asks us to remember and thus honor our Savior. And its not His birthday. We are upon that annual event this weekend. For Jesus "blessed and he broke and he said, “Take eat; this is my body, which is broken for your persons; thus you shall do for my Memorial."[1 Cor 11:24]Holidays can be fun times for families to get together and to celebrate life. This weekend lets not lose focus. For this is the one and ONLY holiday that our Christ commands us to memorialize. Its in his words. Its in the Bible. It was important enough for Him to spell it out. It should be important enough for us to listen. Above all other events in our lives, isn't Christ Jesus's sacrifice truly the most magnificent one? Lets remember our Savior and not allow the World to mislead us into over prioritizing any other day than when -He gave His life for us. Truly His act was a gift to mankind that remains matchless.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|No, mademoiselle, I would not like to see the children's menu. I have no doubt that the children's menu itself tastes better than the meals on it. I would like to order à la carte. Or don't you serve fish to minors?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have money, you are affluent; if you have joy, you are wealthy; and if you have love, you are rich.
Lynnda Pollio, Trusting the Currents|I figured we really shouldn’t grieve for those who leave us for God. They’ve arrived at their destinations with lucky souls no longer burdened by our piddling human considerations. It may seem cruel when they die so young or so beautiful or so loved. Cry not for them, for the life not lived. Cry only for your own hurt in missing them. That’s the only true loss. And in those sad moments when you remember a touch, or catch them watching from the corner of your eye, understand they left you with a lesson. Everyone who touches your life teaches you something important you’re meant to learn. Somehow their visit here pushed your own soul along its path. Learning that lesson is the best way you can honor them.
Amie Kaufman, Their Fractured Light|For me, writing is just as much a choice as breathing. I can quit anytime I want, but not starting again would prove fatal.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|Forged in the fires of human passion, choking on the fumes of human rage, with these out hells and our heavens, so few inches apart, we must be awfully small, and not as strong as we think we are.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A journey to make real impact that changes lives, give meaning to life and living, and turns vision of the masses into realities demands a true focus, an utmost zeal and robustness and an unfailing tenacity to do whatever necessary within the powers and reach of a true leader, and with all needed dexterity, wit and wisdom, to make real impact have a meaning and give real liberation to the masses!
Debasish Mridha|Scars are the awards of success, not the medals.
Michael Schudson, Discovering The News: A Social History Of American Newspapers|The mythology warped and twisted back along itself until Buffy Summers, the girl who once railed against the unfairness of being Chosen, looked at a squadron of girls who were just like she'd been and took away their right to Choose.
Francine Pascal, The Boyfriend War|Oh,' she says, 'the Vat prints nothing but rapes. You know what a rape usually is? It's a woman who changed her mind afterward.
Samuel Adams|Fear is the most debilitating emotion in the world, and it can keep you from ever truly knowing yourself and others - its adverse effects can no longer be overlooked or underestimated. Fear breeds hatred, and hatred has the power to destroy everything in its path.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|I know now what was happening to me, what was overwhelming me, what was about to consume and almost destroy me. Didier had even given me a name for it - assassin grief, he'd once called it: the kind of grief that lies in wait and attacks you from ambush, with no warning and no mercy. I know now that assassin grief can hide for years and then strike suddenly on the happiest day, without discernible reason or exegesis. But on that day, ... almost a year after Khader's death, I couldn't understand the dark and trembling mood that was moving in me, swelling to the sorrow I'd too long denied. I couldn't understand it, so i tried to fight it as a man fights pain or despair. But you can't bite down on assassin grief and will it away. The enemy stalks you, step for step, and knows your every move before you make it. The enemy is your own grieving heart and, when it strikes, it can't miss.
Eliza Crewe, Cracked|My teeth rip skin; my jaws snap bones. I am fast, lightning-fast, snuff— oh-was-that-your-life?—oh-was-that-your-life?— fast.
Wendelin Van Draanen, The Running Dream|Nobody gives you respect in this life. You must take it, you must earn it, and then you must hold it sacred, because no matter how hard respect is to attain, it can be lost in an instant." I nodded my head toward the garrison. "Go get it, Roden. People won't follow a leader who doesn't know where he's going. Show them what you do.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|But they did not chatter much, for the boy, when he liked a person, would as soon sit silent in his company as speak.
Leonora Tubbs Tisdale, Preaching as Local Theology and Folk Art|In community we are called to care for each member of the community. We can. Choose our friends but we do not choose our brothers and sisters' they are given to us, whether in family or in community." Jean
Shelley Berman|Both of our children are adopted, and my wife and I didn't go out of ways to find kids that looked like us. We were just happy to have some kids. And people tell me all the time that they look like us, and that's because they learn to smile and laugh and move their head a certain way from studying their parents' faces.
Stephen Richards|If you truly love someone, you should be more interested in keeping them happy than in being right.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|Good and Evil are very hard to explain or understand. I'm sure that evil exists, but it is hard to isolate. Good and evil are intertwined and impossible to separate. They are not completely opposites and in fact are often one and the same.
Jon Corzine|I had a really wonderful upbringing. We were a tight family. It was wonderful to grow up with so many siblings. We were all just a year or two apart, and we were always so supportive of each other. I learned everything from my older brother and sister and taught it to my younger sisters.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|While art thrives on the blazing colours of scandal, literature blossoms on the dark soil of tragedy.
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|Hospital vigils inspire us to such nostalgia. Hospital vigils take place in slow-time during which the mind floats free, a frail balloon drifting into the sky as into infinity.
Sunday Adelaja|We as pastors, as God’s ministers, must have right priorities. Only then we will become successful in ministry.
L V HALL|Would you dare to reach inside the vault of a feral heart?Glare into the keyhole, eyes bound with intrigue...is it real what we perceive? or does the absent colour leave you lost or decieved?
Bob Spitz|Democracy is a revelation, but it's complicated. There are elections to hold, politics to create, rights to assert, grievances to settle and institutions to build. To many, it's exhilarating. For others, it can be disappointing when it turns out that democracy doesn't immediately make life better.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|Imagine if we had a food system that actually produced wholesome food. Imagine if it produced that food in a way that restored the land. Imagine if we could eat every meal knowing these few simple things: What it is we’re eating. Where it came from. How it found its way to our table. And what it really cost. If that was the reality, then every meal would have the potential to be a perfect meal. We would not need to go hunting for our connection to our food and the web of life that produces it. We would no longer need any reminding that we eat by the grace of nature, not industry, and that what we’re eating is never anything more or less than the body of the world. I don’t want to have to forage every meal. Most people don’t want to learn to garden or hunt. But we can change the way we make and get our food so that it becomes food again—something that feeds our bodies and our souls. Imagine it: Every meal would connect us to the joy of living and the wonder of nature. Every meal would be like saying grace.
Kristen Ashley, Sweet Dreams|I wasn't exactly good with children. I wasn't bad with them, as such. I just wasn't around them much and, because of that, when I was, they freaked me out because I didn't know what to do with them.
Joel Brown|I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by Facebook, starving hysterical naked,dragging themselves through photo slideshows at dawn looking for an angry fix, angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancient heavenly connections of their youth through the machinery of night, who clicking and poking and hollow-eyed and high sat up smoking in the supernatural brightness of tiny screens floating across the tops of cities contemplating likes, who bared their brains to the network and saw who got pregnant and who got fat and who’s living the life best lived by posting Instagrams of themselves staggering on tenement roofs illuminated, who passed through newly cropped profile pics with radiant cool eyes obsessing over whose ex’s new lover is the best looking ex-lover’s lover, who breaking their backs falling out of ergonomic chairs while shouting into the icy streets, Everybody look how clever I am, Look how much fun I am having, Look at this amazing party I went to, Look at how well-liked I am, Look at my effortless carefully constructed casual desperate thrown together fun, Everybody look, This is fun, Look, Look, I swear to God I am having so much fun.
John Mark Green|Kintsugi is a pottery technique. When something breaks, like a vase, they glue it back together with melted gold. Instead of making the cracks invisible, they make them beautiful. To celebrate the history of the object. What it's been through. And I was just... Thinking of us like that. My heart full of gold veins, instead of cracks.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Since your mindset can make you or break you, how is it going? Is it representing you well or does it need a complete overhaul?
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|He told her, I don't remember any other lover but you.	I don't believe you.	I don't. I know the facts of other lovers, but all the real, visceral memory, or any emotion has burned away. Those lovers happened to someone else, the man I was before I met you.
Lisa Kleypas|Face it, Jorlan, we are the lesser sex. That is why our name-givers take care of us. Left alone, we would fall to ruin. We are intellectually inferior. Left unmonitored, our innate male aggression would destroy this world.
Robert W. Sweeting, Kekaju and the Hidden Swamp|Friendship is ageless. It is the spirit we should like and care for, not the shell that encases it.
Spike Jonze|We have got too many kids around the house to have a romantic meal at home. But Danielle is a fantastic cook. She does a brilliant lasagne, great roasts and a great chilli dish. She knows the way to my heart.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Her rebirth stood in her mind with the clarity of a perfect diamond, the light scattering the rainbows through her body.
Enza Vita|What is constant? Is the mind anything more than a conglomeration of thoughts? Where is the mind apart from thought? If there is no thought, can there be a mind? They cancel each other out, do they not?
James R. Doty|Compassion and kindness it turned out, was good for your health.
Bobby Keys|The quickest way to defuse fear or insecurity or anger is usually humor. I think comics figure that out quickly, and, once you figure it out, you think, 'Hey, if I can do this and get paid, that would be kind of cool.'
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|But despite these and many other differences, Evan and Heeb had become close friends – an improbability that could have been produced only by the even greater improbabilities that brought them together.
Rob James-Collier|We've taken the view that if the rest of the world would democratize and create market economies, that would spread the benefits of prosperity around the world, and that it would enhance our own prosperity, and our own stability and security, as well.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|Being physically tough is measured by how many fights you win, but mental toughness is measured by how you react when all the chips are stacked against you, how fast you get back on track when life kicks you in the nuts. Any fool can win a fight, but it takes a person with true grit to never give up when all seems lost.
Jimmy Carter|I drove right into the music with the same sort of attitude as I went into the football stuff with. Just found a routine and hard work, and it helped me progress a lot faster.
Anne Bradstreet|I am obnoxious to each carping tongue/ Who says my hand a needle better fits./ A poet's pen all scorn I should thus wrong/ For such despite they cast on female wits;/ If what I do prove well, it won't advance,/ They'll say it's stolen, or else, it was by chance.
Edmund Hillary|Don't try to be somebody you're not because it doesn't work. If you try to be this perfect person or perfect persona of what you think that somebody should be when they're involved in public office, it's just not going to work. Just be yourself, stay true to your core values, and really just stay abreast of the issues.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Shatterpoint|Jedi do not fight for peace. That's only a slogan, and is as misleading as slogans always are. Jedi fight for civilization, because only civilization creates peace. We fight for justice because justice is the fundamental bedrock of civilization: an unjust civilization is built upon sand. It does not long survive a storm.
Ann Cooper Albright, Choreographing Difference: Body and Identity in Contemporary Dance|For me, this is when the act of watching transforms into the act of witnessing.To witness something implies a responsiveness, the response/ability of the viewer toward the performer. It is radically different from what we might call the 'consuming' gaze that says 'here, you entertain me, I bought a ticket, and I'm going to sit back and watch.' This traditional gaze doesn't want to get involved, doesn't want to give anything back.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|People don't want to believe that technology is broken. Pharmaceuticals, robotics, artificial intelligence, nanotechnology - all these areas where the progress has been a lot more limited than people think. And the question is why.
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|You can try to please everyone and risk accomplishing nothing, or go for your dreams and risk pissing a few people off.
Una LaMarche, Five Summers|This was the kind of guy who should be someone's first love. Someone who brought you flowers and refilled your water glass without your having to ask. Someone who watched you across the crowded rooms just to make sure you were okay. Someone who loved you quietly from a distance, without pressuring you or wanting you to change.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There's a divinity that shapes our ends,Rough-hew them how we will.
Jacob Nordby|What do you really want?Did you know that every single one of your desires is an expression of your soul's longing to experience human life as you? It's true.These pure impulses get filtered through our conditioning and show up distorted at times, but follow them back to their source and nothing you desire is anything but good and possible.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|If everybody in the world got together and put their troubles up for sale on the table, you'd grab your troubles back and run away.
Kozue Chiba, ひとりぼっちはさみしくて #1 [Hitoribocchi wa Samishikute]|It can't be anyone but youI always wondered whyA million "thank you"'s piled upAnd before I knew it, it was loveI was in love with you
Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions|Behind these eyesthere is a girl trapped withinher pain – a girl feeling all the emotionsof anger and sadness.She’s fighting for a way out.” (In her eyes, p. 39)
Takashi Hiraide, The Guest Cat|I wonder where it all comes from--this need to go to the place where the body has been laid to rest. It's the need to reconfirm how precious someone was and how irreplaceable, and the desire to reconnect with them on a different plane.
|It might seem like your whole world is falling apart, but I can honestly assure you that it is absolutely not. Think about how many times in the past that you thought that your world was falling apart but finally didn't?
Lucille Ball|Sure, women sportswriters look when they're in the clubhouse. Read their stories. How else do you explain a capital letter in the middle of a word?
Adele          Rose|And I would tell him, as we rise into the air, The curse is not that we cannot choose our Fates.The curse, the curse we all live under, is that we can.
Richard Siken, Crush|There’s a Greek legend—no, it’s in something Plato wrote—about how true lovers are really two halves of the same person. It says that people wander around searching for their other half, and when they find him or her, they are finally whole and perfect. The thing that gets me is that the story says that originally all people were really pairs of people, joined back to back, and that some of the pairs were man and man, some woman and woman, and others man and woman. What happened was that all of these double people went to war with the gods, and the gods, to punish them, split them all in two. That’s why some lovers are heterosexual and some are homosexual, female and female, or male and male.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Each night the black sky and the bright stars were my stunning companions; occasionally I'd see their beauty and solemnity so plainly that I'd realize in a piercing way that my mother was right. That someday I would be grateful and that in fact I was grateful now, that I felt something growing in me that was strong and real.
Johan Harstad, 172 Hours on the Moon|But I promise you, you guys can do it. In four days you'll be the happiest person Earth has ever seen. You'll stand by the ocean and feel the salty sea spray tingling in your nose. You'll be with people you know and love, and you'all appreciate how beautiful everything is. You'll se cars behind you in your rear view mirror, and maybe you'll laugh at the driver's faces. Because they'll look annoyed, bored, angry. And you'll realize what they're missing. You'll live a long and happy life, Mia. Because when you get home, you'll realize that anything is possible. You mustn't ever forget that.
Jonas Perez, Finibus|I insist on caprice as a necessary countermeasure to slavery. Otherwise, my own dictatorial mind must take -- unknown to me -- its instructions from a mastermind.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The voracious ambition of humans is never sated by dreams coming true, because there is always the thought that everything might be done better and again.
Aaron Freeman|You want a physicist to speak at your funeral. You want the physicist to talk to your grieving family about the conservation of energy, so they will understand that your energy has not died. You want the physicist to remind your sobbing mother about the first law of thermodynamics; that no energy gets created in the universe, and none is destroyed. You want your mother to know that all your energy, every vibration, every Btu of heat, every wave of every particle that was her beloved child remains with her in this world. You want the physicist to tell your weeping father that amid energies of the cosmos, you gave as good as you got.And at one point you'd hope that the physicist would step down from the pulpit and walk to your brokenhearted spouse there in the pew and tell him that all the photons that ever bounced off your face, all the particles whose paths were interrupted by your smile, by the touch of your hair, hundreds of trillions of particles, have raced off like children, their ways forever changed by you. And as your widow rocks in the arms of a loving family, may the physicist let her know that all the photons that bounced from you were gathered in the particle detectors that are her eyes, that those photons created within her constellations of electromagnetically charged neurons whose energy will go on forever.And the physicist will remind the congregation of how much of all our energy is given off as heat. There may be a few fanning themselves with their programs as he says it. And he will tell them that the warmth that flowed through you in life is still here, still part of all that we are, even as we who mourn continue the heat of our own lives.And you'll want the physicist to explain to those who loved you that they need not have faith; indeed, they should not have faith. Let them know that they can measure, that scientists have measured precisely the conservation of energy and found it accurate, verifiable and consistent across space and time. You can hope your family will examine the evidence and satisfy themselves that the science is sound and that they'll be comforted to know your energy's still around. According to the law of the conservation of energy, not a bit of you is gone; you're just less orderly. Amen.
Sara Sheridan|If I have the power to post 'Happy Birthday' on someone's Facebook page and make them feel really good, it feels really good to make other people feel really good. I love it. I'm a huge Facebook and Twitter person. And I love talking to my fans. It's fun.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Pittsburgh was even more vital, more creative, more hungry for culture than New York. Pittsburgh was the birthplace of my writing.
Oscar Bimpong|When you a get a job you are not qualified for, it will be evil to you and to your community.
Rose Wilder Lane|A state that suppresses all freedom of speech, and which by imposing the most terrible punishments, treats each and every attempt at criticism, however morally justified, and every suggestion for improvement as plotting to high treason, is a state that breaks an unwritten law.
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|I thought of the past and how one should have respect for it, like the elderly.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Suffering is only suffering if it's done in silence, in solitude. Pain experienced in public, in view of loving millions, was no longer pain. It was communion.
Charlaine Harris, Dead as a Doornail|Could I tell them I was sorry their loved one was dead, when he’d tried to kill me? There was no rule of etiquette for this; even my grandmother would have been stymied.
Amanda Clark, Emma's Alpha|Hearing her laugh nearly made him cum in his pants like a teenager, not a one hundred and twenty-five year old werewolf.
Stephen Johnson Field|The present assault upon capital is but the beginning. It will be but the stepping-stone to others, larger and more sweeping, till out political contests will become a war of the poor against the rich, - a war constantly growing in intensity and bitterness.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You govern people, you do good and bad things.If you don't have guts to do bad, then step aside.
Anthony Liccione|Arise, my love, let us try to set these ashes on fire again!
Wiz Khalifa|Cry as much as you want to, but make sure when you're finished, you never cry for the same reason again
Jaeda DeWalt|Your imagination is a gift, unwrap it.
William McKinley|It is important to emphasize that guerrilla warfare is a war of the masses, a war of the people. The guerrilla band is an armed nucleus, the fighting vanguard of the people. It draws its great force from the mass of the people themselves.
Nikki Rowe|I didn't lose anyone, for everyone that I lost was never really a loss, unless it was death well then I had to have words with God.
Dominic Smith, The Last Painting of Sara de Vos|Physical body is just an instrument, through which you experience life. You have the awareness field, along with the physical body to experience life, while the entire major functions of the physical body, is performed by the subtle strings of the soul.
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|Even if she'd wanted to, she couldn't look away as he approached. His eyes held hers with commanding authority and she never backed down from a challenge. Forget that their azure color was crystal clear and they held a sort of animal magnetism. If Tess didn't know better, she'd say he wanted to devour her. Holy shit.
Josh Stern|Women, can't live with them, can't murder/suicide without them
Dick Francis, To the Hilt|Some are born weird, some achieve it, others have weirdness thrust upon them.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|...And if reading could banish the idea for even half an hour, it was something gained.
Erik Pevernagie|Unfailing friends are essential, when ‘presence’ and ‘absence’ are wrangling in our daily living, and our presence is rampaged by murk and woe, while passion and lust for life are trampled. Reliable allies can shore us up and since we are our best ally, we first have got to make sure we get along well with ourselves. ("Being my best friend”).
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|It struck me as particularly suspicious that Yahweh was described as being remarkably human. I mean, seriously; this God is, at times, almost too human.
Lillian Hellman|Writers are interesting people, but often mean and petty.
Avicenna|I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House - with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.
Katherine Ewell, Dear Killer|What does it mean to be me? I don't know. Maybe that's just it. Maybe it doesn't mean anything. Maybe that's the answer. Maybe all I am is emptiness, is nothing.
Stella McCartney|Work, apart from devotion or love of God, is helpless and cannot stand alone.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|If all the evidence in the universe turned in favour of creationism, I would be the first to admit it, and I would immediately change my mind. As things stand, however, all available evidence (and there is a vast amount of it) favours evolution.
Alex Steffen|The environmental crisis is a global problem, and only global action will resolve it.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|Going to church is not a sign of going to God, if you think he is omnipresent, he is right there in your soul and bedroom.
Kenny Porpora, The Autumn Balloon|I’d like them to appreciate the power of the individual—and I don’t mean me; I mean the power each person has to make choices and be accountable for himself or herself. I’ve noticed that people are quick to put you in a category—if you come from this place then you are that thing. But I’ve never placed much value in statistics and trends, bar graphs and socioeconomic data that sum people up. I stop listening when somebody asks me if I know what my chances are. I don’t know that I believe in probability. People are inexplicable and incomprehensible, and nobody really knows what’s possible until they try. I prefer the exceptions to the rules. I like people who try, even when their chances are zero.
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel|A woman simply is, but a man must become.
Chris Stapleton|I've become totally hooked on Cellex-C. It's an anti-ageing serum and is fantastic. I use it morning and evening and even on my hands, where it has faded those dark spots.
John Welter, Night of the Avenging Blowfish: A Novel of Covert Operations, Love, and Luncheon Meat|I was trying to have an insight, and all I could think of was that I'd backed myself into a corner, and the corner was me.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I wasn’t a fabulous cook. I didn’t have a boyfriend, much less a husband. And I wasn’t a big financial success. I could live with all those failings as long as I knew that once in a while I looked really hot.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|People don't talk like this, theytalklikethis. Syllables, words, sentences run together like a watercolor left in the rain. To understand what anyone is saying to us we must separate these noises into words and the words into sentences so that we might in our turn issue a stream of mixed sounds in response. If what we say is suitably apt and amusing, the listener will show his delight by emitting a series of uncontrolled high-pitched noises, accompanied by sharp intakes of breath of the sort normally associated with a seizure or heart failure. And by these means we converse. Talking, when you think about it, is a very strange business indeed.
Sherman Alexie|Shit," he said. "I don't know why you're feeling sorry for yourself because you ain't had to fight a war. You're lucky. Shit, all you had was that damn Desert Storm. Should have called it Dessert Storm because it just made the fat cats get fatter. It was all sugar and whipped cream with a cherry on top. And besides that, you didn't even have to fight in it. All you lost during that was was sleep because you stayed up all night watching CNN.
Voltaire|We used to make gods, and we used to make sacrifices to them, and they would reward us. We're still doing it and we still makes the sacrifices - I don't know how many cows die every year to keep Burger Clown alive, but I know it's a lot - but we don't know what to do with the gods once we have them.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|I rise from the moist crevice of thought, I beat on the shores of her holy body, I fall from the sky in silver sheets of sadness. Rise onto me my precious sun.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If there is knowledge we shall seek, we must search for the excellent knowledge of Christ Jesus.
Russell Baker|I hated sports. I hated sports, and I hated people who played them, and I hated people who watched them, and Ihated people who didn't hate people who watched or played them.
Max Lucado, He Chose the Nails|Want to know the coolest thing about the coming? Not that the One who played marbles with the stars gave it up to play marbles with marbles. Or that the One who hung the galaxies gave it up to hang doorjambs to the displeasure of a cranky client who wanted everything yesterday but couldn't pay until tomorrow. Not that he, in an instant, went from needing nothing to needing air, food, a tub of hot water and salts for his tired feet, and, more than anything, needing somebody - anybody - who was more concerned about where he would spend eternity rather than where he would spend Friday's paycheck. Or that he resisted the urge to fry the two=bit, self-appointed hall monitors of holiness who dared suggest that he was doing the work of the devil. Not that he kept his cool while the dozen best friends he ever had felt the heat and got out of the kitchen. Or that he gave no command to the angels who begged, "Just give us the nod, Lord. One word and these demons will be deviled eggs." Not that he refused to defend himself when blamed for every sin of every slut and sailor since Adam. Or that he stood silent as a million guilty verdicts echoed in the tribunal of heaven and the giver of light was left in the chill of a sinner's night. Not even that after three days in a dark hole he stepped into the Easter sunrise with a smile and a swagger and a question for lowly Lucifer - "Is that your best punch?" That was cool, incredibly cool. But want to know the coolest thing about the One who gave up the crown of heaven for a crown of thorns? He did it for you. Just for you.
Edith Grossman|For those of us who take literature very seriously, picking up a work of fiction is the start of an adventure comparable in anticipatory excitement to what I imagine is felt by an athlete warming up for a competition, a mountain climber preparing for the ascent: it is the beginning of a process whose outcome is unknown, one that promises the thrill and elation of success but may as easily end in bitter disappointment. Committed readers realize at a certain point that literature is where we have learned a good part of the little we know about living.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Jiu Jitsu can be a source of total transparency such as a mirror, but it takes a conscious choice to see what it has to say.
Will Self, How the Dead Live|I want to moan and writhe with you and I want to go up to you and kiss your mouth and pull you to me and say "I love you I love you I love you" while stripping. I want you so bad it stings.
The Times UK|What he wasn't so good at was manipulating the internal states of other humans, getting them to see things his way, do things for him. His baseline attitude toward other humans wass that they could all just go fuck themselves and that he was not going to expend any effort whatsoever getting them to change the way they thought. This was probably rooted in a belief that hed been inculcated to him from the get-go: that there was an objective reality, which all people worth talking to could observe and understand, and that there was no point in arguing about anything that could be so observed and so understood.
Honoré de Balzac|The world has a lot to thank murderers for, when you come to think of it.
Will Ferrell|You get this really cool groove when you're playing just piano, bass, and drums where everyone's sort of feeling each other's space, which is the only way to put it, but it really is true, and everyone's sort of sitting in their own pocket. It's kind of jazz-like.
Esther Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|I do hope that when the day comes, whether in 1, 10, or 100 years, I don’t want you to think of me and feel sad.
Munia Khan|The more cats you have, the longer you live. If you have a hundred cats, you’ll live ten times longer than if you have ten. Someday this will be discovered, and people will have a thousand cats and live forever.
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Bourne|You could consider the idea of the multiverse, and think of it as something like a tree—that is, the universe we live in is one of an uncountable number of branches of possible universes, created by random chance and the decisions of sentient beings. So, for instance, when I rang you up in the morning, there was a possible future universe in which you answered the phone, and another in which you did not, and by answering the phone you put us in one universe and not the other. In that instance the time traveler doesn't just move from the future to the past and back to the future: he moves down one branch of the universe, toward the root that's back at the beginning of time, and back up another branch.
Bruce H. Lipton, The Biology of Belief: Unleashing the Power of Consciousness, Matter and Miracles|Robert Oppenheimer used to tell of the pioneer mysteries of building reliable Geiger counters that had low background noise. Among his friends, he said, there were two schools of thought. One school firmly held that the final step before one sealed off the Geiger tube was to peel a banana and wave the skin three times, sharply to the left.The other school was equally confident that success would follow if one waved the banana peel twice to the left and then, once, smartly to the right. (My counters were unbelievably bad because I didn't use either of these techniques.)
Jim Butcher, The Dresden Files:  Storm Front, Volume 1-  The Gathering Storm|When I started, I was pretty sure I was going to be writing some goofy little wizard novels that might make me some part-time money and would hopefully lead to something I could do better.
Maria Callas|I've learned that borders are where the actual ends, but also where the imagination and the story begins.
Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out|This isn't your world. It's your parents. Your world is still out there, waiting to be discovered. Always remember that.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|For awakened human beings, there was no obligation—none, none, none at all—except this: to search for yourself, become sure of yourself, feel your way forward along your own path, wherever it led.
Helen Keller|A painter paints the appearance of things, not their objective correctness. In fact, he creates new appearances of things.
Ben Sherwood|On the horizon, he saw the full moon. God dropped it there, he was sure, as a reminder of our small place in the world. A reminder that what is beautiful is fleeting.
Beverley Price, Blood Bound|Once upon a time there was a king, and the king commissioned his favorite wizard to create a magic mirror. This mirror didn’t show you your reflection. It showed you your soul—it showed you who you really were.The wizard couldn’t look at it without turning away. The king couldn’t look at it. The courtiers couldn’t look at it. A chestful of treasure was offered to anyone who could look at it for sixty seconds without turning away. And no one could.
Alin Sav|If you are too big to be impacted by your local church, then maybe you are to small to impact the world.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Affirmations for Healing Mind, Body & Spirit|Prayer is energy. Try to come from a higher, lighter vibration of gratitude and expectation, in place of worry and fear.
Geneen Roth|Most of our suffering comes from resisting what is already here, particularly our feelings. All any feeling wants is to be welcomed, touched, allowed. It wants attention. It wants kindness. If you treated your feelings with as much love as you treated your dog or your cat or your child, you'd feel as if you were living in heaven every day of your sweet life.
Temi 'T Quest' Sholeye|Calm down, Think different, Find your way ...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you dare try, you will succeed.
Ace Antonio Hall|I will teach my daughter not to wear her skin like a drunken apology. I will tell her ‘make a home out of your body, live in yourself, do not let people turn you into a regret, do not justify yourself. If you are a disaster it is not forever, if you are a disaster you are the most beautiful one I’ve ever seen. Do not deconstruct from the inside out, you belong here, you belong here, not because you are lovely, but because you are more than that.— Azra T. “Your hands are threads, your body is a canvas
Anthony T. Hincks|In the mirror we see a stranger,Not the person we were born to be,For we are all pretending,Just for everyone to see.
Ravinder Tulsiani, Time Management in the Workplace|Money can be replaced anytime, but lost time can never be reclaimed.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|That silence intimidates puzzles me. Silence is to me normal, comfortable." Later he added, "I will admit to feeling a little contempt for those who can't keep quiet.
W.H. Auden|I grabbed my book and opened it up. I wanted to smell it. Heck, I wanted to kiss it. Yes, kiss it. That's right, I am a book kisser. Maybe that's kind of perverted or maybe it's just romantic and highly intelligent.
Mishra Ankit|We shall prevail in any problem, if we pray
Stifyn Emrys|The ants are bad" The Bear"the ants?"Tahir"Do not be fooled. They look very small, so harm you don't think of then at all. Then years. Then one day you wake up, and your home has fallen down." Osman.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|Why?’ She nods. ‘She had everything: a family who loved her, friends, activities. Her mother wants to know why she threw it all away?’ Why you want to know why? Step into a tanning booth and fry yourself for two or three days. After your skin bubbles and falls off, roll in coarse salt, then put on long underwear woven from spun glass and razor wire. Over that goes your regular clothes, as long as they are tight.	Smoke gunpowder and go to school to jump through hoops, sit up and beg, and roll over on command. Listen to the whispers that curl into your head at night, calling you ugly and fat and stupid and bitch and whore and worst of all ‘A disappointment.’ Puke and starve and cut and drink because you need an anesthetic and it works. For a while. But then the anesthetic turns into poison and by then it’s too late because you are mainlining it now, straight into your soul. It is rotting you and you can’t stop. Look in a mirror and find a ghost. Hear every heartbeat scream that everythingsinglething is wrong with you. ‘Why?’ is the wrong question. Ask ‘Why not?
Norman Ollestad|Because she was so beautiful the huntsman took pity on her, and he said, "Run away, you poor child.
Pier Paolo Pasolini, Roman Poems|Every day my anxiety is higher,every day the grief more mortal.Today more than yesterday terror exalts me…
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The secret to unseating great power, is not to move the other direction, but to compete directly against their goals.
Suzie Burke, Wholeness: My Healing Journey from Ritual Abuse|I know that these mental disturbances of mine are not dangerous and give no promise of a storm; to express what I complain of in apt metaphor, I am distressed, not by a tempest, but by sea-sickness. 
Anthony Bourdain|Now, if you notice how the swan, putting its neck down into the deep water, brings up food for itself from below, then you will discover the wisdom of the Creator, in that He gave it a neck longer than its feet for this reason, that it might, as if lowering a sort of fishing line, procure the food hidden in the deep water.
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|Maurice watched them argue again. Humans, eh? Think they're lords of creation. Not like us cats. We know we are. Ever see a cat feed a human? Case proven.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|Humans have nothing to do with angels and fairies, then why still I love you?
Coco J. Ginger|She had missed him so long now, that the feeling had become a part of her. As each day passed, the missing distanced itself from her heart. One day she woke, and realized the missing was there but the pain was gone. Missing without pain is tolerable. Pain linked to heartache is intolerable.
Frank Lloyd Wright, A Testament|Intelligence and common sense, what makes a person a real genius.
Steve Jobs|My model for business is The Beatles. They were four guys who kept each other kind of negative tendencies in check. They balanced each other and the total was greater than the sum of the parts. That's how I see business: great things in business are never done by one person, they're done by a team of people.
Bill Rancic|My father could be very strict, but very fair. His father was the same. We all respected my grandfather; he was the head of the clan. Every morning, we all had to say good morning and kiss his hand. But not me. I jumped on his lap and bit him.
John Knowles, A Separate Peace|Please don’t hug me. Please don’t hug me.But she did. And now Bram had two sets of black eyes glaring at him.Finally, he said out loud, “It’s not me! I swear!” Rhiannon laughed and leaned back from Bram. “So cute! Isn’t he cute, Bercelak?” “No.”“Bercelak’s only teasing.” “No, I’m not.
Veronica Larsen, Entangle|I'm not just going to love you, I'm going to love every version of you, everything you will become, everything you will grow and change into.
Erik Pevernagie|People who don’t construe their life and don’t frame their own tale, stay on the sidelines, remain only an act without a story and turn into an "empty box". Out-of-the-box thinking and inventiveness remains then merely wishfull thinking. ( "Everybody his story" )
Henry Miller|Never leave a job unfinished, unless you are unable to finish it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Beware of your gifts; they may appear as tiny as seeds but at the end, they’ll gain roots to bear fruits to feed the world if only you will desire to water them regularly!
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|I couldn’t even tell if I had any sadness of my own, because I was so full of Abuelita’s sadness.
Ian Botham|Thanks to the competence, love of God, our country's security and stability, endowed wealth, integrated infrastructure and quality services, the U.A.E. turned into the world's renowned destination for tourism, investment and business management: the interface of choice for hosting major cultural events, artistic and sports, in the world.
Bill Hicks|The stage lost a fine actor, even as science lost an acute reasoner, when [Holmes] became a specialist in crime.
Karen Salmansohn|Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it.
Chris Fabry, A Marriage Carol|The only thing you should be faking is confidence. If you don't have it yet, pretend that you do. Pretend you're not nervous, pretend you're not scared, and after a while, the pretend part disappears.
Daaji|Still the mind in meditation and you will witness the heart’s signals and its inspired thoughts. For 20 to 30 minutes every day, capture inspired moments of heartfulness.
Arushi Raina, When Morning Comes|I'll always be here, Cole. You have me. All of me. My body. My heart. It's all yours for the taking.” Tangling my fingers in his hair, I pull his face to mine and let our heated breath mingle. “So take it.
Hoda Kotb|I imagine an America that can actually change. That we become a nation that prospers again but without pillaging the resources of nations that make their people hate us. That we become a nation that, as the constitution says in its preamble, its very first paragraph, 'promotes the general welfare' of its people.
Alan W. Watts|The difference between having a job and having a vocation is that a job is some unpleasant work you do in order to make money, with the sole purpose of making money. There are plenty of jobs because there is still a certain amount of dirty work that nobody wants to do, and that therefore they will pay someone to do it. There is essentially less and less of that kind of work because of mechanization. If you do a job with the sole purpose of making money, you are absurd, because if money becomes the goal–and it does if you work that way–you begin increasingly to confuse it with happiness or with pleasure. Yes, one can take a handful of crisp one dollar bills and practically water your mouth over it, but this is a kind of person who is confused like a Pavlov dog, who salivates on the wrong bell.
Zhuangzi|The research I have been doing - studying how foodstuffs yield energy in living cells - does not lead to the kind of knowledge that can be expected to give immediate practical benefits to mankind. If I have chosen this field of study, it was because I believed in its importance in spite of its theoretical character.
Susan C. Young|When you focus on connecting with your truest essence, that spiritual center of love and acceptance, you will reawaken, arrive, and thrive. Every morning you get to reawaken to a new day. And every night as you sleep, you will hopefully experience rest, renewal, and rejuvenation.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Sometimes we are able to better understand a theory or concept through a story… such stories teach you, enlighten you, and entertain you at the same time.
Gary L. Francione|Veganism is not a "sacrifice." It is a joy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Why do we need to pray? Because the Christian life is a journey, and we need God’s strength and guidance along the way.
Cate O'Brien|Still, it seemed to us that the main reason we were hated must be that we always lived by stealing. From the earliest times, rats lived around the edges of human cities and farms, stowed away on men's ships, gnawed holes in their floors and stole their food. Sometimes we were accused of biting human children; I didn't believe that, nor did any of us⎼unless it was some kind of a subnormal rat, bred in the worst of city slums. And that, of course, can happen to people, too.
Nyogen Senzaki, Zen Flesh, Zen Bones: A Collection of Zen and Pre-Zen Writings|The point of the spiritual life is to realize Truth. But you will never understand the spiritual life, or realize Truth, if you measure it by your own yardstick.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|But for now, the future, like the past, means nothing.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Overcome the prideful need to measure your worth by how much more successful you are than others, by operating from a core belief grounded in abundance.
Colleen Mariotti, Livology: A Global Guide to a Deliberate Life|For me, books have always been the greatest gifts. I love to give and receive them because I know they are a reflection of the giver.
Andre Harvey|On rainy days or summer evenings or during long programs designed for adults, we were not allowed to say, "This is boring" or "I'm bored." If she even thought she smelled those words coming, she would quietly remind me that my attitude was what I made of it. If I was bored it was because I was boring.
Boby Jose Kattikad, Vaathil | വാതില്‍|പുറത്തിത്രയും മമതകള് മുഴുവന്ആടയാഭരണങ്ങളും അണിഞ്ഞ്കൈകൊട്ടി വിളിച്ചിട്ടും നിങ്ങളുടെ ഉറ്റവര്എന്തുകൊണ്ട് വീട്വിട്ടിറങ്ങി പോകുന്നില്ല , എന്തുകൊണ്ട്നിങ്ങളുടെ കൗമാരകാരനായ മകന്മദ്യപിക്കുന്നിലല് ,പെണ്കുട്ടി പ്രണയത്തിന്റെ മായ പങ്കാളിയെ ചുറ്റിപിടിച്ചുപുലരിയോളം നൃത്തം ചവിട്ടുന്നില്ല ,പുറത്തേക്ക്പോകാന് ഉയര്ത്തിയ പാദങ്ങള് ഒരു നിലവിളിയോടെ താഴ്ത്തി അവര്ട് ഉള്ളിലേക്ക് ഓടിപോയതെന്തുകൊണ്. രണ്ടു പേര്ക്കിടയില് സംഭവിച്ചതതാണ് , ശരിയായ രണ്ടു പേര് തെറ്റായ ഒരു കാലത്തില് കണ്ടു മുട്ടുകയെന്നു പറയുന്നതുപോലെ .ആരോ ചിലര്കുറുകെ കടക്കാനുള്ള വൈമുഖ്യം കൊണ്ട് അവര് അങ്ങനെ നിന്ന്പോയതാണ് .അങ്ങനെതന്നെയായ­ിരിന്നോ അതുവേണ്ടിയിരുന്നതെന്ന്പറയാനുള്ള ധൈര്യമോന്നുമില്ല.ദൈവമേ, ഈ വാതില് പടികള് എന്തുകൊണ്ടാണ്നീ ഉണ്ടാക്കിയിരിക്കുന്നത് ... ?തടി തരങ്ങള് കൊണ്ടല്ല എന്ന് വരുമോ ..?നിങ്ങളുടെ സ്നേഹം ഒരുകടമ്പയായി കുറുകെ കിടക്കുമ്പോള് ആര്ക്കാണ്പുറത്തു കടക്കാനാവുക ..
Robert Burton Robinson, Deadly Commitment|We’re trying to rebuild society, not plunge it back into chaos.” – character quote
Christianna Brand, Nurse Matilda|Good evening, children,' Said Nurse Matilda, and she gave a loud thump on the floor with her big black stick. 'I am Nurse Matilda.
Lisa Kleypas, Rainshadow Road|Mad Rogan: "Resistance is futile."Nevada: "You are not assimilating me!
Alexandra Robbins|We are made in the image of God, and we need to put Spirit back into the equation when we want to improve our physical and our mental health.
Avery Sawyer, Notes to Self|I don't believe everything happens for a reason. But I still search for reasons anyway. It's like I don't want to admit that maybe everything really is totally random...that people are just molecules in the air, bumping into each other and floating away again."-p150, NOTES TO SELF
Gerald Edelman|People and situations always show us what we need to see and learn about ourselves, and when we take responsibility for our own feelings, how others treat us also changes. Everything in life is there to teach us something about ourselves. Don’t blame others, or try to separate yourself from them. Be grateful that they are helping you to become conscious of yourself and your own ego-mind an consciousness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Strength for today, overflowing grace.
Lorna Crozier, Before the First Word: The Poetry of Lorna Crozier|And so many things get lost. Not just a set of keys or a photograph of your father with his first truck, but the door those keys once opened, the childhood house you long ago walked into, the father who used to carry you on his shoulders high above the crowds at the summer fair, his body now ashes and shards of bone. You hold these things in place on a page, you walk through that door, touch his face and smell the cigarette smoke on his breath and in his shirt, you make things breathe again in words. You feel the lightness of a ghostly touch across your skin. In that small house on the corner, the porch light suddenly comes on.
Camila Alves|There are ups and downs in so many relationships, but with Shah Rukh, there is deep love. There's no other way of communicating the respect and love I have for him. And I believe that ours will be a dynamic, and relationship and connect that will be forever.
Marilyn Hacker|From Orient PointThe art of living isn't hard to muster:Enjoy the hour, not what it might portend.When someone makes you promises, don't trust herunless they're in the here and now, and just herwilling largesse free-handed to a friend.The art of living isn't hard to muster:groom the old dog, her coat gets back its luster;take brisk walks so you're hungry at the end.When someone makes you promises, don't trust herto know she can afford what they will cost herto keep until they're kept. Till then, pretendthe art of living isn't hard to muster.Cooking, eating and drinking are a clusterof pleasures. Next time, don't go round the bendwhen someone makes you promises. Don't trust herpast where you'd trust yourself, and don't adjust herwords to mean more to you than she'd intend.The art of living isn't hard to muster.You never had her, so you haven't lost herlike spare house keys. Whatever she opens,when someone makes you promises, don't. Trust yourart; go on living: that's not hard to muster.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Why are you smiling like that?""I'm just happy.""Why?""Because you're here. You're real. And you're mine.
Sherman Alexie|But, in the Trump aftermath, I've measured the costsAnd benefits of loving those who don't loveStrangers. After all, I'm often the odd one—The strangest stranger—in any field or room."He was weird" will be carved into my tomb.
Joss Whedon|If you're going to make a science fiction movie, then have a hover craft chase, for God's sake.
Charles Dickens, Our Mutual Friend|I have come to realize that truly rich people are rich not because they are frugal or they chose to be frugal, but because they are so grateful, contented and full of self-worth that they don't have to prove anything to anyone with material possessions. This way, they appear frugal.
M. Leighton, Fragile|An intelligence completely dissociated from the physical, or at least an impression of it, was a strange, curiously limited and almost perverse thing, and the precise form that your physicality took had a profound, in some ways defining influence on your personality.
Og Mandino|Count your blessings. Once you realize how valuable you are and how much you have going for you, the smiles will return, the sun will break out, the music will play, and you will finally be able to move forward the life that God intended for you with grace, strength, courage, and confidence.
John Marsden, Tomorrow, When the War Began|So, that was Nature's way. The mosquito felt pain and panic but the dragonfly knew nothing of cruelty. Humans would call it evil, the big dragonfly destroying the mosquito and ignoring the little insects suffering. Yet humans hated mosquitoes too, calling them vicious and bloodthirsty. All these words, words like 'evil' and 'vicious', they meant nothing to Nature. Yes, evil was a human invention.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|It's been well-thumbed, at least triple-read, there's that smell the fat orange-spine Penguins get when their pages have yellowed and the book bulges, basically the smell of complex humanity, sort of sweat and salt and endeavour. Like all the fat orange Penguins, it gets fatter with reading, which it should, because in a way the more you read it the bigger your own experience of the world gets, the fatter your soul.
Shannon L. Alder|The best stories are the ones with the unexpected plot twists that no one would have guessed, even the writer.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|My fat years were when I was not human shaped. I was a 16-stone triangle, with inverted triangle legs, and no real neck. And that’s because I wasn’t doing human things. I didn’t walk or run or dance or swim or climb up stairs; the food I ate wasn’t the stuff that humans are supposed to eat. No one is supposed to eat a pound of boiled potatoes covered in Vitalite, or a fist-sized lump of cheese on the end of a fork, wielded like a lollipop. I had no connection to or understanding of my body. I was just a brain in a jar. I wasn’t a woman.
Joan Bauer|I flopped on the overstuffed kitchen couch and watched him go. I wondered what would happen to all his films and photographs in the upstairs closet - the documentaries on homelessness and drug addiction, the funny short subjects, the half-finished romantic comedy, the boxes of slice-of-life photographs that spoke volumes about the human condition. I wondered how you stop caring about what you've ached over, sweated over. (Thwonk)
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|It was His gentle voice who calledand sent His angel pain to guide me, through the long ‘n dusty corridors, and empty hallways of my soul.
C. JoyBell C.|Don’t hate people who show you what’s wrong with you. They are your mirror, they are your true friends.
Simon Sebag Montefiore, Young Stalin|We were in a phase, through television and the movies, of living only vicariously. Even faintly sordid silliness excited us if it put us in contact with love.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|Closer, it’s all right. Touch the man of grief.Do. Don’t be afraid. My troubles are mine and I am the only man alive who can sustain them.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The Enemy wants him, in the end, to be so free from any bias in his own favour that he can rejoice in his own talents as frankly and gratefully as in his neighbour's talents--or in a sunrise, an elephant, or a waterfall.
Henry Cloud, Integrity: The Courage to Meet the Demands of Reality|Just as we leave the effects of our work behind in results, we leave the effects of our interactions with people in their hearts, minds, and souls.
Austin Grossman, Soon I Will Be Invincible|He sneered at his father. “He’ll live. I’m going after her.”“What?” His sister stood up in front of her brother. “Fearghus, don’t. She’s angry. Very angry. She impaled your father . . . twice. Give her some time to calm down.
Joanne Harris, The Gospel of Loki|Lovers are easy to find and easy to forget but finding an authentic connection is exceptional and limited. It rarely happens, which is why there are so many unhappy people out there.
Robert Louis Stevenson|A manager is a guide. He takes a group of people and says, 'With you I can make us a success; I can show you the way.'
William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin|When you can measure what you are speaking about, and express it in numbers, you know something about it, when you cannot express it in numbers, your knowledge is of a meager and unsatisfactory kind; it may be the beginning of knowledge, but you have scarely, in your thoughts advanced to the stage of science.
Renee Ahdieh, The Rose & the Dagger|It was easy to be good and kind in times of plenty. The trying times were the moments that defined a man.And love? Love was something that did much to change a person. It brought joy as it brought suffering, and in turn brought about those moments that defined one’s character. Love gave life to the lifeless. It was the greatest of all living powers.But, as with all things, love had a dark side to it.
Jo Nesbø, The Leopard|You are Bellman, aren’t you? The genius who sent the sauna ape after me?” Harry nodded toward the Finn.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|I saw an injured black cat. God knows, who has crossed her path.
Chuck Norris|When I was studying at the Iowa Writers School, I read a sports writer, Ron Maly, from the Des Moines Register. He was a good sports writer. I became real interested in the contrast between Lute Olson, who was the coach of Iowa at the time, and Ron Maly.
Wayne Dyer|Often, economists spend their energies squabbling with one another, but arguably the more important contrast is between our broadly liberal economic worldview and the various alternatives - common around the globe - that postulate natural hierarchies of religion, ethnicity, caste and gender, often enforced by law and strict custom.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As the Constitution is the highest law of the land [in America], so the Bible is the highest law of God. For it is in the Bible that God sets forth His spiritual laws. It is in the Bible that God makes His enduring promises. It is in the Bible that God reveals the plan of redemption for the human race.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|It is the obvious which is so difficult to see most of the time. People say 'It's as plain as the nose on your face.' But how much of the nose on your face can you see, unless someone holds a mirror up to you?
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Growth comes from God, to those with surrendered, yielded hearts.
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|It's possible that Knight believed he was one of the few sane people left. He was confounded by the idea that passing the prime of your life in a cubicle, spending hours a day at a computer, in exchange for money, was considered acceptable, but relaxing in a tent in the woods was disturbed. Observing the trees was indolent; cutting them down was enterprising. What did Knight do for a living? He lived for a living.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|He’d no longer be a grade-motivated person. He’d be a knowledge-motivated person. He would need no external pushing to learn. His push would come from inside. He’d be a free man. He wouldn’t need a lot of discipline to shape him up. In fact, if the instructors assigned him were slacking on the job he would be likely to shape them up by asking rude questions. He’d be there to learn something, would be paying to learn something and they’d better come up with it.Motivation of this sort, once it catches hold, is a ferocious force...
Pablo Neruda|If You Forget MeI want you to knowone thing.You know how this is:if I lookat the crystal moon, at the red branchof the slow autumn at my window,if I touchnear the firethe impalpable ashor the wrinkled body of the log,everything carries me to you,as if everything that exists,aromas, light, metals,were little boatsthat sailtoward those isles of yours that wait for me.Well, now,if little by little you stop loving meI shall stop loving you little by little.If suddenlyyou forget medo not look for me,for I shall already have forgotten you.If you think it long and mad,the wind of bannersthat passes through my life,and you decideto leave me at the shoreof the heart where I have roots,rememberthat on that day,at that hour,I shall lift my armsand my roots will set offto seek another land.Butif each day,each hour,you feel that you are destined for mewith implacable sweetness,if each day a flowerclimbs up to your lips to seek me,ah my love, ah my own,in me all that fire is repeated,in me nothing is extinguished or forgotten,my love feeds on your love, beloved,and as long as you live it will be in your armswithout leaving mine.
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Agent|The greatest investment one can ever make is the investment into humanity, for an achievement based on positive influence into people's life can stand the test of time, survive through the mortality of men and resound endlessly through posterity
Maya Lin|By 1970, the first stirrings of the revolt against Modernist orthodoxy in architecture had been felt, although it would be several years more until Postmodernism was widely accepted and made classical motifs permissible in high-style building design for the first time in decades.
David Eso|How can I possibly stop loving you when it's sort of predestined? — Malcom Lowry to Carol Brown, 1926 (age 16)
John Lasseter|If it was up to me, I would just wear jeans and t-shirts, even to red carpets, but then no one would photograph me, so that would make me very sad. So you know, I've gotta keep up with the rest of the female population and sometimes try a little harder.
Stephen   Craig, Cream Of Volition|I switched the light out again. The room was totally dark, not even the starlight showing while my eyes adjusted. Perhaps I would ask for one of those LED alarm radios, though I’m very fond of my old brass alarm clock. Once I tied a wasp tot the striking-surface of each of the copper-coloured bells on top, where the little hammer would hit them in the morning when the alarm went off. I always wake up before the alarm goes, so I got to watch.
Sunday Adelaja|No matter what situations you experience in life, think about them as you draw conclusions about what the situations means for you
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|But I cannot accept a vision of You as an engineer who spends His days maintaining the machine of morality. I cannot take the idea of You as an optimizer, introducing evil into human affairs in an attempt to create the best of all possible worlds. I cannot bear this cold mathematician's God who sees all the universe as nothing more than an elaborate problem to be solved. Such a world is a world with no meaning, one in which one history is no more or less preferable to any other.
Mona Hodgson, Two Brides Too Many|There is the world you know, the world you have always known; and then you blink, and there is a place you never had any inkling of, and it spreads out across your eyescape. And then, most shockingly of all: there is the realization that these two places are one and the same. It turns out you never really knew the world around you at all. This is often the moment at which adventure begins.
Joyce Meyer|Every relationship that we have in our lives - our contact with each person, place, and event - serves a very special, if yet to be realized purpose: They are mirrors that can serve to show us things about ourselves that can be realized in no other way.
Veronica Purcell, In Anwar's Care|Being alone in the dark - surrounded by silence, frightful. Thoughts breathe a life of their own; twisting and turning on each other as enemies unto themselves.
Goitsemang Mvula|No human can be preceptor. Only God can be the preceptor. God is one. He is within this human body, and He teaches, guides the man from within. He shows His sportive forms through dreams.
Dalai Lama XIV|In science there is a dictum: don't add an experiment to an experiment. Don't make things unnecessarily complicated. In writing fiction, the more fantastic the tale, the plainer the prose should be. Don't ask your readers to admire your words when you want them to believe your story.
Sunday Adelaja|Only the people who are rooted in the house of God will thrive, prosper, become rich and still have joy in every situation
Clementine von Radics, Mouthful of Forevers|There will always be thosewho say you are too young and delicateto make anything happen for yourself.They don't see the part of you that smolders.Don't let their doubting drown outthe sound of your own heartbeat.You are the first drop of rain in a hurricane.Your bravery builds beyond you.You are needed by all the little girlsstill living in secret, writing oceansmade of monsters, andthrowing like lightning.You don't need to grow upto find greatness.You are so much stronger than the worldhas ever believed you could be.The world is waiting for youto set it on fire. Trust in yourselfand burn.
J.K. Hogan, Blood in the Valley|We die, you die. You die, we survive. I think there’s a pecking order in that, don’t you?
G.A. Aiken, Light My Fire|Because you're exactly like me- you don't want your whole life planned out. You're tired of following Talon's rules, of not having any say in your future. You want to know who Talon really is, but it's even more than that, isn't it? You want to be free." His eyes gleamed, golden and brilliant in the shadows. "And I can show you how.
Yuikan Shirik|If we never challenge our shortcomings, we ensure that they remain our Achilles' heel.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|Either way, the view stabbed its way into his chest, as if it were trying to finish him off before he even landed.
William Butler Yeats|What is life? A madness. What is life? An illusion, a shadow, a story. And the greatest good is little enough; for all life is a dream, and dreams themselves are only dreams.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Patience graciously, compassionately and with understanding, judges the faults of others without unjust criticism.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|When we try to pick out any­thing by itself, we find it hitched to every­thing else in the Uni­verse.
Hikigaya Hachiman|If to be truthful is to be cruel, then lying must surely be an act of kindness. And so, kindness is a lie.
Elisabeth Elliot|God is God. Because he is God, He is worthy of my trust and obedience. I will find rest nowhere but in His holy will that is unspeakably beyond my largest notions of what he is up to.
Hazrat Inayat Khan|It is the message, not the man, which is important to the Sufis.
Michel de Montaigne|Without doubt, it is a delightful harmony when doing and saying go together.
Matshona Dhliwayo|True champions, like the sun, cannot be eclipsed for long.
Lord, Cynthia|how can he love me then not? He went,he ran. And I cannot bring him back. Yet I left the door metaphorically wide open, hoping he'd come back and bang on it proclaiming, "I want to be here with you. Always." Soon I'm going to have to shutit. For my safety and my sanity. Let go. I don't want to. Won't letting go be just that - letting go? Giving up? Admitting failure? Admitting that it is really, truly over?
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|Finding the right one is never easy. Especially, when the wrong one looks so right.
Sue Fitzmaurice|More often than not, it's better to give up thinking, worrying and obsessing, in favour of faith that things will work out fine.
Nyki Edwinna, Mental Orgasms: 160 Quotes on Sex, Love, Success and more...|When you're sorting yourself out, family are not often the ones you can turn to. They represent the place of departure and not the place of arrival.
Martijn Benders|I've swallowed fish-eyes wholelike an endoscope.I once ate a trout cooked inside a dolphin. Felt like a shark eating another shark,inside the cold-blooded womb of yet another shark.
Laurell K. Hamilton|There comes a point when you either embrace who and what you are, or condemn yourself to be miserable all your days. Other people will try to make you miserable; don't help them by doing the job yourself.
Hugh Ross|You've gotta respect everybody. If they race hard against you, you've got to race hard against them. It's very simple; if there's respect both ways, there's no problem.
Jacob Nordby|Life loves to reveal herself to the raw, courageous doubters; to those who are willing to live inside the question.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|You cannot water your own plant if you are waiting on other people's approval to do so. Stop living your one and only life waiting for validation, start seeking your own inner voice to guide you.
Paul Engle|If the poetry world celebrate its female stars at the true level of their productivity and influence, poetry would wind up being a largely female world, and the men would leave.
Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga: Born This Way|No matter how good you are, you're going to lose one-third of your games. No matter how bad you are you're going to win one-third of your games. It's the other third that makes the difference.
Richard Rohr, Falling Upward: A Spirituality for the Two Halves of Life|Misers makes money their lord, but the spenders makes it their slaves and servants
Ogwo David Emenike|There is a fine line deep within the mind that makes self-belief and confidence, the defining elements of success and failure in any circumstance. How we learn to activate them without running the risk of lying to ourselves is the key that unlocks the superhuman lying dormant within us.
Jim Hodges|The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You can change any status quo, stand out, walk by faith and not by sight and things will definitely go well with you.
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|Sometimes she'd go a whole day without thinking of him or missing him. Why not? She had quite a full life, and really, he'd often been hard to deal with and hard to live with. A project, the Yankee oldtimers like her very own Dad might have said. And then sometimes a day would come, a gray one (or a sunny one) when she missed him so fiercely she felt empty, not a woman at all anymore but just a dead tree filled with cold November blow. She felt like that now, felt like hollering his name and hollering him home, and her heart turned sick with the thought of the years ahead and she wondered what good love was if it came to this, to even ten seconds of feeling like this.
Orhan Pamuk|The blues are important primarily because they contain the cultural expression and the cultural response to blacks in America and to the situation that they find themselves in. And contained in the blues is a philosophical system at work. And as part of the oral tradition, this is a way of passing along information.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Cetaganda|It was suicide, wasn't it?""In an involuntary sort of way," said Vorob'yev. "These Cetagandan political suicides can get awfully messy, when the principal won't cooperate.""Thirty-two stab wounds in the back, worst case of suicide they ever saw?" murmured Ivan, clearly fascinated by the gossip."Exactly, my lord.
Anthony Liccione|27. Of all the means which are procured by wisdom to ensure happiness throughout the whole of life, by far the most important is the acquisition of firends.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Fate|For he was the Fool now, all of Lord Chance and Lady Amber and Lord Golden scraped away by sorrow. He was no one's Beloved now.
David Kay|I also believe that it is time to begin the fundamental analysis of how we got here, what led us here and what we need to do in order to ensure that we are equipped with the best possible intelligence as we face these issues in the future.
Sandra Brown, Mean Streak|It's a terrible thing, what we did,” said Francis abruptly. “I mean, this man was not Voltaire we killed. But still. It’s a shame. I feel bad about it.”“Well, of course, I do too,” said Henry matter-of-factly. “But not bad enough to want to go to jail for it.”Francis snorted and poured himself another shot of whiskey and drank it straight off. “No,” he said. “Not that bad.
Iain Banks|The instructive admonitions, “give an account of thy stewardship,“—“occupy till I come;” are forgotten. Thus the generous and wakeful spirit of Christian Benevolence, seeking and finding every where occasions for its exercise, is exploded, and a system of decent selfishness is avowedly established in its stead; a system scarcely more to be abjured for its impiety, than to be abhorred for its cold insensibility to the opportunities of diffusing happiness.
Gene Royer|Homeschooling and public schooling are as opposite as two sides of a coin. In a homeschooling environment, the teacher need not be certified, but the child MUST learn. In a public school environment, the teacher MUST be certified, but the child need NOT learn.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Faust: My Soul Be Damned for the World Volume 1|Faustus, who embraced evil and shunned righteousness, became the foremost symbol of the misuse of free will, that sublime gift from God with its inherent opportunity to choose virtue and reject iniquity. “What shall a man gain if he has the whole world and lose his soul,” (Matt. 16: v. 26) - but for a notorious name, the ethereal shadow of a career, and a brief life of fleeting pleasure with no true peace? This was the blackest and most captivating tragedy of all, few could have remained indifferent to the growing intrigue of this individual who apparently shook hands with the devil and freely chose to descend to the molten, sulphuric chasm of Hell for all eternity for so little in exchange. It is a drama that continues to fascinate today as powerfully as when Faustus first disseminated his infamous card in the Heidelberg locale to the scandal of his generation. In fine, a life of good or evil, the hope of Heaven or the despair of Hell, Faustus stands as a reminder that the choice between these two absolutes also falls to us.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|With a secret like that, at some point the secret itself becomes irrelevant. The fact that you kept it does not.
Andrea Cremer, The Conjurer's Riddle|There's no shame in honest suffering, my dear.
Wesley Hill|And I want you to know, before we go any further, that Jesus came to free you from religion. To those who have been hauling around a long list of rules. To those who are pretending to be more than they really are. To those who are weighed down with the fear and guilt of religion. To all the fans who are worn out on religion, Jesus invites you to follow him.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|The line between ego and healthy self-esteem is very delicate. We should know when we cross this line, switch side, and become egotistical.
Mary Berry|Besides Christianity and specifically Catholicism being wonderful, Christmas is intrinsic to American culture and worth defending. Think of what happens at Christmas time. People play Mariah Carey Christmas songs... What else do you need in life?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|It can't be taught to all, but people who deliver exceptional work, merely by relaying their passion through what they say and do in the workplace, are priceless.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Every success I have ever had or will have in the future comes not solelyfrom my own ambition and hard work, but also from those that have encouraged,supported and challenged me. Success is never, ever a one person job.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The future is as blank as a plane sheet if you don't have an eagle's eye, that's why you should climb to a vantage point to get a good perspective view at your future.
Thomas A. Edison|Genius is one percent inspiration, ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Robin Sacredfire|The most important individuals on earth have went underground, either for political, social or personal reasons. Ostracized by a society that ignores their most basic rights, they work alone to save the world. Invisible to the five senses, they work from the most unbelievable places, places where they're hardly found, or when found never recognized. I change country at an average of three to six times a year, and travel to places as unpredictable as Lithuania, Julian Assange is in the Equator's Embassy in England, David Icke lives in a tiny apartment in a Island that few have heard about, and then there are many others that you've never seen or met. Without us, there would be no meaning for hope. We may one day be found and recognized, maybe even get statues and other works of art in our name and that will likely happen after we're gone. So we can't say we're doing it for the money or recognition. We're risking our lives for those that show no appreciation or support, for those that rather spend 10 dollars in a meal than two in a book, for those that to a great extent have ridicule us for a longer time than the one in which they've shown respect.
Anne Rice, Pandora|The man who comes back through the Door in the Wall will never be quite the same as the man who went out. He will be wiser but less sure, happier but less self-satisfied, humbler in acknowledging his ignorance yet better equipped to understand the relationship of words to things, of systematic reasoning to the unfathomable mystery which it tries, forever vainly, to comprehend
Pippa DaCosta, Devil May Care|At one time in my life, a shapeshifted, demonically possessed maniac crashing through a window and trying to rip my face off would have come as an enormous and nasty surprise.But that time was pretty much in the past.
Karan Johar|From kindergarten to graduation, I went to public schools, and I know that they are a key to being sure that every child has a chance to succeed and to rise in the world.
Carl Sandburg|It was one lesson he never forgot.You don't sit back when you or a loved one is being assaulted.And you don't act like the goverment with their "proportional responses" and all that nonsense.If someone hurts you,mercy and pity must be put aside,You eliminate the enemy.You scorch the earth.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|I’d like to have enough time and quietTo think about absolutely nothing,To not ever feel myself living,To only know myself in others’ eyes, reflected.
Henry Miller, The Books in My Life|A book lying idle on a shelf is wasted ammunition. Like money, books must be kept in constant circulation... A book is not only a friend, it makes friends for you. When you have possessed a book with mind and spirit, you are enriched. But when you pass it on you are enriched threefold.
Tracey Bond|The brain is a pleasure seeking machine. Once you teach it, through meditation, that abiding calmly in the present moment feels better than our habitual state of clinging l, over time, the brain will want more and more mindfulness.
Oppong Amankwaa|you must be stupid , if you think that i'm stupid enough, to believe your stupidness stupidity .
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To even begin to embrace the magnitude of God’s vision, we must first embrace our vision as being nothing more than vision by definition.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|We can offer women what they want most of all, cures for the most common ailments of this world... When children are ailing or babies refuse to be born, when men are unfaithful, when the sky is empty of rain, when the amulets buried beneath holy wall upon instructions of the minim offer not solace and all entreaties to the priests for guidance fail, when the rituals they offer bring no comfort and no consolation, they come to us.
- Aakash|Some consider haters, people that simply cannot be happy for another person’s success. I just don’t consider them.
Kevin DeYoung|Whenever a doctor cannot do good, he must be kept from doing harm.
Hans Bender|Music is pretty much the lifestyle, not the music itself. The lifestyle really pulled me off the street. Made me want to do something organized and positive.
|There is truly nothing better than a simple lifestyle. Trying to keep up with the crowd is guaranteed to complicate your life. Please stop wasting all your money, time, and energy trying to get attention from people who don't even know who they really are. Your positive inner-self desperately needs your attention.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The glory of friendship is not the outstretched hand, not the kindly smile, nor the joy of companionship; it is the spiritual inspiration that comes to one when you discover that someone else believes in you and is willing to trust you with a friendship.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|In Los Angeles, by the time you're 35, you're older than most of the buildings.
Auliq Ice|Love tone, rhythm, lyrical or melodic structure from heart to love! is the interlude of true love.
Anne Tyler, The Beginner's Goodbye|My cousin Roger once told me, on the eve of his third wedding, that he felt marriage was addictive. Then he corrected himself. I mean early marriage, he said. The very start of a marriage. It's like a whole new beginning. You're entirely brand-new people; you haven't made any mistakes yet. You have a new place to live and new dishes and this new kind of, like, identity, this 'we' that gets invited everywhere together now. Why, sometimes your wife will have a brand-new name, even.
Lynn Blackmar|People who are different are considered ineffective. People who can’t hide their shortcomings are not considered a threat. A lot of spies rely on being unobtrusive, but we flat out flaunt the fact that we’re different, and those we try to get information from put us on an even lower level than the ones they don’t notice. They don’t believe we’re even capable of being a threat, and they misstep more than they might with someone they simply don’t know.
Jonathan Davis|Men should be bewailed at their birth, and not at their death.
Israelmore Ayivor|The devil can get you through your flesh. He knows the button to press on your flesh and have a way into your mind. The flesh becomes a transport medium for evil things if not killed for God. If Christ makes a home in your mind, satan can't get there.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|We, who were reduced to eating on the sidewalk , were suddenly elevated in status by this man's misery. We were the aristocrats and he the beggar. It flattered us. We were superbly above him and the comedy gave us a delusion of high self-respect. In a while, the magnanimity of the rich would complete the picture. We would feed our scraps to the poor.
Dan Simmons, The Fall of Hyperion|But, Dad…” She hesitated. “It will mean raising me all over again. It means suffering through my childhood for a third time. No parent should be asked to do that.”Sol managed a smile. “No parent would refuse that, Rachel.
Claud Cockburn|I read recently that 60% of all drugs on the black-market had been put there by the police. No sooner are drugs seized, it seems, than they are recycled onto the streets by the arresting officers! I know our Leader, Mrs Thatcher, is in favour of private enterprise, but this is the free market gone mad!...Yours for the Market Economy Within Reasonable Limits!
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|The secret of making lasting change is to acknowledge and accept that real change takes time and patience. We didn't get chronically ill overnight. We didn't gain weight in one week or even one month. Good chance, it may take us longer than twenty-one days to overcome whatever we're facing. Whether it's something physical, emotional, spiritual, or a combination, we may need to be realistic in our goals for meaningful change to happen. The first step is getting started!
Luminita D. Saviuc, 15 Things You Should Give Up to Be Happy: An Inspiring Guide to Discovering Effortless Joy|Gratitude is a species of love, excited in us by some action of the person for whom we have it, and by which we believe that he has done some good to us, or at least that he has had the intention of doing so. Passions, III, 193. XI, 473-474. Trans. John Morris
John Key|Politics colours everything, and anyone who wants change is necessarily political. As an environmental campaigner more or less since I left school in the early '90s, I have always been involved in lobbying, campaigning and pushing for changes.
David Eddings|Try to look less conspicuous,” he instructed. A dog barked, rushed to the end of its lead, and bared its teeth. Gregori turned his head and hissed, exposing white fangs. The dog stopped its aggression instantly, yelped in alarm, and retreated whining. “What are you doing?” Savannah demanded, outraged. “Getting a feel for the place,” he said absently, his mind clearly on other matters, his senses tuned to the world around him. “Everyone is crazy here, Savannah. You are going to fit right in.” He ruffled her hair affectionately.
Oscar Bimpong|You build a great network by first offering your services to others, and by so doing, winning their interest. This is the foundation of building trust and creating a platform for them to invest in you in a reciprocal manner, such that it becomes a win-win situation.
Anmol Rawat, A Little Chorus of Love|Cassidy continued to rub his chest and groaned at Ollie pleadingly. “I don"t like it. Make it stop.”“It"s just love, sweetie. It won"t kill you. I promi
Brad Thor, Full Black|However anxious one is to reach one’s goal, one can excuse delays on the route when these are caused by ovations.
Bonnie Dee, Bone Deep|There is in true grace an infinite circle: a man by thirsting receives, and receiving thirsts for more.
Jessica R. Patch, Deep Waters|You turned your head to the side. Faced me. Your eyes never left mine, I read them with ease. You said nothing to them, yet everything to me. I nodded.But only when no one was watching.
Garth Ennis|A sentence which might bear in mind that our great struggle is that of fear, and that if a man has killed compulsively, it is because he was extremely frightened. Above all, a justice which might examine itself, & recognize that all of us, a living quagmire, founded in darkness, & for this reason not a man's evil should be cosigned to another man's evil: so that the latter may not shoot to kill without restraint or censure. A justice which will not forget that we are all dangerous, & that at the hour when the executant of justice kills, he is no longer protecting us or seeking to eliminate a criminal; he is committing his own crime, which he has been harboring for a considerable time. At the hour of killing a criminal- at that very moment, an innocent man is being put to death. No, no, I am not asking for the sublime, nor for the things which gradually become the words which help me to sleep peacefully. Those of us who take refuge in the abstract are a mixture of forgiveness & vague charity. What I want is something much harsher & much more difficult: I want the terrestrial.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|It was as if she was a dream, like London, which he could not entirely grasp and of which he was not worthy. He wanted to be part of it but had forgotten how. It seemed extraordinary and strange that this paragon among women had condescended to travel on his ship. In fact, she’d insisted upon it. Her presence was at once otherworldly and familiar, none of which explained why his brain ceased to function when he was in her company.
Marieke Nijkamp|There are no words in that fleeting moment between hope and the knowledge. There is no way to express how a heart can burst and break at the same time, how the sun can cut through the darkness but will case shadows everywhere.
Ben Carson|I just have to be very clear. Whether or not I lose weight or stay the same, it's purely a choice of mine for health. Not because I think that plus size, curvy, voluptuous, big bodies aren't attractive - because I think they're awesome and sexy.
Christianity's Dangerous Idea: The Protestant Revolution: A History from the Sixteenth Century to the Twenty-First|Protestantism developed its sense of identity primarily in response to external threats and criticisms rather than as a result of shared beliefs. In one sense, the idea of "Protestantism" can be seen as the creation of its opponents rather than of its supporters.
Barbara Avon, My Love is Deep|I was feeling like I was floating two inches above the sidewalk every step of the way. Feeling, almost, a magnetic pull back towards her and I wondered at all, if she felt it too.
Rosie Thomas|You may be surprised what we use our dreams to do, how we drape them over our sight and carry them like amulets to protect us from evil spells.
Hazel Johns, The Needs of Counsellors and Psychotherapists: Emotional, Social, Physical, Professional|When you’re young, you wish for things in the future, but when you grow old … you wish for things from the past
Robin Benway, The Extraordinary Secrets of April, May, & June|Henry narrowed his eyes at me. "You going somewhere?""Lacrosse field trip," I said. "I enjoy whacking the hell out of people with mallets.
Guillaume Apollinaire|Those little nimble musicians of the air, that warble forth their curious ditties, with which nature hath furnished them to the shame of art.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|The rich don't know when they will die, but the world's poor don't know when they will live
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|A sense of desolation settled within me: a cold, slimy stone lodged under my lungs. There was nothing happy about the woods, I thought, especially at night.
Sreesha Divakaran, Those Imperfect Strokes|And what part of me will beginTo forget you first; the suddenPains that shoot to my bruised palmsAs I think of you in the cover of the dark,Or the invisible handClutching at my heart, as it knocks against its savage cage,Or my still swollen lipsAs they remember the touch of your gentle fingertips?
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|That roads are for journeys, ma'am, not destinations
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|Yes," Mustapha Mond was saying, "that's another item in the cost of stability. It isn't only art that's incompatible with happiness; it's also science. Science is dangerous; we have to keep it most carefully chained and muzzled.
Virginia Woolf|…the art of writing has for backbone some fierce attachment to an idea…. It is on the back of an idea, something believed in with conviction or seen with precision and thus compelling words to a shape….You have not finished with it because you have read it, any more than friendship is ended because it is time to part. Life wells up and alters and adds. Even things in a book-case change if they are alive; we find ourselves wanting to meet them again; we find them altered. So we look back upon essay after essay by Mr. Beerbohm, knowing that, come September or May, we shall sit down with them and talk.
Bobby Knight|Like all of us in this storm between birth and death, I can wreak no great changes on the world, only small changes for the better, I hope, in the lives of those I love.
Shashi Tharoor, India: From Midnight to the Millennium and Beyond|I know how easy it is to sound like a corny version of Noam Chomsky when talking about something like this, but in a country where millions of dollars are spent on nuclear weapons, corporate welfare, and many ridiculous things, doesn't it just make sense to take care of people first? As soon as we can make the South Bronx, Compton, Taos, and Astoria look like Beverly Hills I'll have no problem watching a guy orbit Mars.
Amit Kalantri|I decided to do the easy task of changing situations and conditions by being a hero, than staying back to do the difficult task of changing people by being just a man.
Carlos Wallace|Nothing in life is promised. Each day is a valuable opportunity to play an important role in this world. Treat each moment like it's the performance of a lifetime; approach every show like it's your first, respect it as if you've invested years, appreciate it like it's your last.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|It was possible that a miracle was not something that happened to you, but rather something that didn’t. 
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|He knew from experience that true and obvious ideas, such as the ineffable wisdom and judgment of the Great God Om, seemed so obscure to many people that you actually had to kill them before they saw the error of their ways...
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|You can kiss me if you like," she said.Alex let go of her and turned away. "Thanks, Fiona," he said. "But frankly I'd prefer to kiss the horse.
Cristin Harber, Sweet Girl|The nerves, the anxiety, the pressure, it's all gone. Being in his arms took it all away.
Kathryn Holmes|A person who could withstand such dreadful insults from his or her enemies can have the ability to reach his or her potentials by becoming socially, educationally and economically successful.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Discourse on the Origin of Inequality|The first man, who, after enclosing a piece of ground, took it into his head to say, "This is mine," and found people simple enough to believe him, was the true founder of civil society.
Maira Kalman, The Principles of Uncertainty|My dream is to walk around the world. A smallish backpack, all essentials neatly in place. A camera. A notebook. A traveling paint set. A hat. Good shoes. A nice pleated (green?) skirt for the occasional seaside hotel afternoon dance.
Alex Rodriguez|If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth.
Matthew Bomer|Oh, and they said I have ADD, too." He lit a cigarette, his first of the day, and took a long, grateful drag. "But listen mate, I once sucked a geezer for twenty minutes to get him off. The clock was just over his shoulder and I timed it. Attention deficit?" He blew out a plume of smoke. "I don't think so.
Kate Forsyth, The Beast's Garden|Nothing opens up the mind and the heart like books do, and so they have the power to change the whole world. That's why the are burning books, Ava. To stop us thinking, and feeling, and imagining...
Anne Pfeffer, Girls Love Travis Walker|But Quinn held the fuzzy handcuffs in his hands, looking them over closely, and he smiled. “Oh, hey, did you want to keep these for when your invisible boyfriend returns from his fake vacation?
Francis Quarles|Let the fear of danger be a spur to prevent it; he that fears not, gives advantage to the danger.
Johanna Lindsey, Angel|Bless you, daugher of man," Carter said, his eyes luminous and almost silver now. He leaned down and kissed my forehead. I closed my eyes and caught my breath. His lips were both burning hot and icy cold.
Simon  Palmer, Lost Innocence: The Accused|No matter how well meaning and astute the investigators are or how well-researched, witnessed and documented the incidents of cruelty are, a prison is a prison is a prison. The structure of authority that produces the oppressed and the oppressor alike is the key to understanding the problem. Contained within this structure is the authoritative power to agendize language, which is simply another control mechanism.
Gary Russell, The Twilight Streets|There is much: recognition of the fact that human beings live indeterminate and incomplete lives; recognition of the power exerted over and upon us by our own habits and memories; recognition of the ways in which the world presses in on all of us, for it is an intractable place where many things go awry and go astray, where one may all-too-easily lose one’s very self. The epistemological argument is framed by faith, but it stands on its own as an account of willing, nilling, memory, language, signs, affections, delight, the power and the limits of minds and bodies. To the extent that a prideful philosophy refuses to accept these, Augustine would argue, to that extent philosophy hates the human condition itself.
Belart Wright|The moon shines in my body, but my blind eyes cannot see it:The moon is within me, and so is the sun.The unstruck drum of Eternity is sounded within me; but my deaf ears cannot hear it.So long as man clamors for the I and the Mine, his works are as naught:When all love of the I and the Mine is dead, then the work of the Lord is done.For work has no other aim than the getting of knowledge:When that comes, then work is put away.The flower blooms for the fruit: when the fruit comes, the flower withers.The musk is in the deer, but is seeks it not within itself: it wanders in quest of grass.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Remember this: You are the benchmark of your success - you define it. Don't let anyone else define it because if you do, you will fail. Appreciate those who support you and challenge those who don't
Samar Sudha|You want to understand are they needing you or not??Are they with you or not??Do they feel what you to make them better or not..Wow these are a lot of questions, I just don't know from where to start...Okay..., just stop doing that, stop being part of them, just remove them from social and non social live for a time... and keep waiting you could give some kind a information about where you will be or not and wait you will see everything.
D.A. Rhine, Vampires of the Chesapeake: Rees Morgan|To a vampire, there is only selfishness.
Virginia Woolf, Street Haunting|Anything can happen: anything. Or nothing. Who can say? The world, monstrous, is made that way, and in the end consumes us all. Who am I, administrated or no, to have the audacity to survive it?
H. Samy Alim|What do you think of Cain’s affirmations?”“He never told a lie. If he says that God talks to him, he is convinced that God is talking to him.”“Do you believe he is a saint?”“God only knows, and never better said. He might be, but again, I have my own taste on the matter. I’m not keen on perfection, especially when it’s dressed up like hardness. I prefer the cracked plate, the slightly blunt spear…”“The imperfect human being.”“Yes. The gloriously imperfect human being.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|everything in the world has its reasons for doing what it does. The wind has its reasons. We just don't notice as we go about our lives. But then, at some point, we are made to notice. The wind envelops you with a certain purpose in mind, and it rocks you. The wind knows everything that's inside you. And not just the wind. Everything, including a stone. They all know us very well. From top to bottom. It only occurs to us at certain times. And all we can do is go with those things. As we take them in, we survive, and deepen.
Wordions|The seed must be buried, for the flower to bloom.
Helen Oyeyemi, White is for Witching|Why do people go to these places, these places that are not for them?It must be that they believe in their night vision. They believe themselves able to draw images up out of the dark.But black wells only yield black water.
Richard Preston, the Hot Zone|The simple view is that medicine exists to fight death and disease, and that is, of course, its most basic task. Death is the enemy. But the enemy has superior forces. Eventually, it wins. And, in a war that you cannot win, you don't want a general who fights to the point of total annihilation. You don't want Custer. You want Robert E. Lee, someone who knew how to fight for territory when he could and how to surrender when he couldn't, someone who understood that the damage is greatest if all you do is fight to the bitter end.
Vladimir Nabokov, The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov|And while he compared all these things which he was seeing with his eyes to the mental pictures he had painted of them in his homesickness, it became clear to him that he was, after all, destined to be a poet, and he saw that in poets' dreams reside a beauty and enchantment that one seeks in vain in the things of the real world.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|Don't tie your heart to a person that has nothing left to offer you. Let it go. It might hurt for a while, but when you get over it, you'll see that its better.
Irving Penn|Great photography is about depth of feeling, not depth of field.
James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|That summer, in any case, all the fears with which I had grown up, and which were now a part of me and controlled my vision of the world, rose up like a wall between the world and me, and drove me into the church.
Josef Pieper, Leisure: The Basis Of Culture|...I can think of other forms of worship than loving you, but none that make me feel so fulfilled...
Chelsea Fagan, I'm Only Here for the WiFi: A Complete Guide to Reluctant Adulthood|I try to pay bills as efficiently as I can, and work hard, and be comfortable in what I've achieved at the end of each day. And I try, most of all, to be a little easier on myself.
W. Clement Stone|My dear,In the midst of hate, I found there was, within me, an invincible love.In the midst of tears, I found there was, within me, an invincible smile.In the midst of chaos, I found there was, within me, an invincible calm.I realized, through it all, that…In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back.Truly yours,Albert Camus”I like this because only one part is usually quoted but the full quote has such symmetry.
Joe Reyes, Aftermath|Sure, you can break a man. Bend his will, even, but be careful with the ones that break easily. Those are the ones you have to keep a close eye on. Those are the ones that play possum and hide in the shadows. Just waiting for their time to strike! That's when you're most vulnerable. When you're surrounded by friends.
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|In an infinite Universe anything can happen," said Ford, "Even survival. Strange but true.
Toni Collette|As long as man continues to be the ruthless destroyer of lower living beings he will never know health or peace. For as long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other.
Edvard Munch|My whole life has been spent walking by the side of a bottomless chasm, jumping from stone to stone. Sometimes I try to leave my narrow path and join the swirling mainstream of life, but I always find myself drawn inexorably back towards the chasm's edge, and there I shall walk until the day I finally fall into the abyss.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|Memory is all we are. Moments and feelings, captured in amber, strung on filaments of reason. Take a man’s memories and you take all of him. Chip away a memory at a time and you destroy him as surely as if you hammered nail after nail through his skull.
Jo Walton, Among Others|And there's no sex, hardly any love stuff at all, in Middle Earth, which always made me think, yes, the world would be better off without it.
Oliver Oliver Reed, 155 World's Funniest YO MAMA Jokes|Yo Mama’s so ugly, her dentist treats her by mail order.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Oh... Adrian, I've got one more favor to ask you. A big one." "Fondue?" he asked hopefully.
Shannon L. Alder|He wraps his arms around me and holds me tight for a few seconds. Hisbreaths tickle my ear, and I close my eyes, letting myself finally relax. Hesmells like wind and sweat and soap, like Tobias and like safety.
Manu Joseph|From the comfort of distance, [Non resident Indians and Kashmiris] financially and emotionally support ideologies whose consequence they don’t have to face. They are not just a nuisance. As a collective they are dangerous. When men capable of murder receive the affection of engineers and MBAs, it makes them potentially far more lethal.
Steve Maraboli|Leadership is a mindset in which one is unapologetically driven towards their goals and in behaving accordingly, inspires those around them to join in.
Steve Erickson|I get irritated with the world. I get irritated with politicians. I get very irritated with governments and with corporations, but in terms of imagination - my imagination is always fertile. I'm either thinking of my own things or constantly engaged by the things that other people do.
J.S.B. Morse, Now and at the Hour of Our Death|If in some radical miracle, the Abrahamic God revealed his existence to the world, I’d accept the belief in the deity — but I still wouldn't worship it. The jealous and angry God that justified the killings of millions, sent plagues upon first borns, and abhorred homosexuals would not be worthy of my worship.
Kate Wicker, Weightless: Making Peace with Your Body|It is easy to think of potatoes, and fortunately for men who have not much money it is easy to think of them with a certain safety. Potatoes are one of the last things to disappear, in times of war, which is probably why they should not be forgotten in times of peace.
Aditya Ajmera|Bullies are packed animals, when one fuels the fire others follow.
Stacy Keibler|We are aware only of the empty space in the forest, which only yesterday was filled with trees.
Henry James, Roderick Hudson|Attention is a resource as abundant as sunlight. It streams outward all day long whether we choose to tap into it or not. By developing conscious focus of our attention, we learn to harness one of the greatest creative powers available to humankind, one that happens to be freely available within ourselves at all times.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|You are not even seeing most of what's going on in the universe. On top of that, your brain filters out much of what it receives from the environment. So that what you are consciously aware of is only a fractional representation of your universe.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Cultivate the habit of defining, refining, redefining and redeeming your opportunities. Failure is a temporal event, not a permanent trademark.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If men could fit water into their pockets, the ocean would be empty.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|Conquering fear didn’t mean not being afraid, it meant being afraid of something and doing it anyway. It meant saying no to fear-no you can’t rule me, no you can’t hold me back, no you can’t keep me from the things I want the most.
Mark McKinnon|As in nature, politics abhors a vacuum. Without a strong voice for more moderate leadership, the Tea Party is filling that vacuum.
Shams Of Tabriz|When I was a child, I saw God,I saw angels;I watched the mysteries of higher and lower worlds. I thought all men saw the same. At last I realized that they did not see.....
Imre Kertész, Liquidation|You just sit there and tolerate it, the same way everything in this country is tolerated. Every deception, every lie, every bullet in the brains. Just as you are already tolerating bullets in the brains that will be implemented only after the bullet is put in your brains.
Man Parvesh Singh Randhawa|Live a colourful life. If you can't, develop your own Photoshop and colour it!
Madeleine L'Engle, A Ring of Endless Light|FatherMichael:OK we should get on with this; I don’t want to be late for my 2 o’clock. First I have to ask, is there anyone in here who thinks there is any reason why these two should not be married?LonelyLady:Yes.SureOne:I could give more than one reason.Buttercup:Hell yes.SoOverHim:DON’T DO IT!
Pippa DaCosta, Drowning In The Dark|Only a few hairline fractures around his eyes and lips spoke of the torment he’d been through. I wanted to smooth those lines away, and wished it was that easy to erase the scars of our past." ~ Muse, Drowning In The Dark #4 The Veil Series.
Michael Asher, Death in the Sahara: The Lords of the Desert and the Timbuktu Railway Expedition Massacre|Any nation that wishes to enjoy the fruits of development and civilization, must follow the golden rules of this scripture as a national policy and culture.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I listened so hard because it felt like, while she was telling me stories, she was massaging my soul, letting me know that I was not alone, that I will never have to be alone, that there are friends and family and churches and coffee shops. I was not going to be cast into space.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|But wasn't that always the way. It's never something huge that changes everything, but instead the tiniest of details, irrevocably tweaking the balance of the universe while you're busy focusing on the big picture.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Make the most of the best and the best of the worst, and keep your standards high. Never settle for anything less than you deserve or are capable of achieving.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|To question what I see, then to question what I see after that, because the questions matter as much, perhaps more than, the answers.
C. JoyBell C.|People will be jealous of you for anything. Do bad and they will be jealous of you for being bad, do good and they will be jealous of you for being good, pull yourself up out of the ashes and they will be jealous of your strength, work hard and succeed and they will be jealous of your perseverance, buy new shoes and people will want to steal them, grow your hair long and people with want to cut it, laugh out loud and people will be jealous of your reasons for laughing. The truth is that envy is not because of you; but envy is in the eye of the beholder!
Jane Addams, Twenty Years at Hull House|Do not shout at me, Mr. Quill," said John [Adams]. "Justice may be blind, but she is not deaf.
Galileo Galilei, Lettere di Galileo Galilei|I have been in my bed for five weeks, oppressed with weakness and other infirmities from which my age, seventy four years, permits me not to hope release. Added to this (proh dolor! [O misery!]) the sight of my right eye — that eye whose labors (dare I say it) have had such glorious results — is for ever lost. That of the left, which was and is imperfect, is rendered null by continual weeping.
Frances Hardinge, The Lie Tree|It could be kindness. Faith felt hollow at the thought. She had needed kindness before, and has received none. Now it was too late, and she did not know what to do with it.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|Our hearts don’t always align with the visions we have for our lives; emotions aren’t always vessels of simple manipulation and, try as we might, we cannot make passionate love exist where it does not.
Adam Makos, Devotion: An Epic Story of Heroism, Friendship, and Sacrifice|It was like a disease, and these children whom I loved without caring about their skins or their backgrounds, they were tainted with the hateful virus which attacked their vision, distorting everything that was not white or English.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Beds empty! No note! Car gone — could have crashed — out of my mind with worry — did you care? — never, as long as I’ve lived — you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this from Bill or Charlie or Percy —""Perfect Percy,” muttered Fred. —”It seemed to go on for hours. Mrs. Weasley had shouted herself hoarse before she turned on Harry, who backed away.“I’m very pleased to see you, Harry, dear,” she said.
Cynthia Eden, Die For Me|Once," Balinda begins softly, "when I was in the emergency room with my mother they brought in a murderer who had been shot and was dying, right there in front of us. I watched as the nurse touched his face and reassured him and I could not believe they were being so nice to him.""What happened?" Jill asked."My mother rose up, took my arm, gripped it as if she was a weight lifter and said, 'he was a beautiful baby once and his mother loved him'.
Julie James, The Thing About Love|I have a suspicious mind, and murder is kind of my business.
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Tibby, who was not fond of change, had once told Bridget that the present, no matter what it brought, couldn't change the past. The past was set and sealed.
Philip Pullman|Stories don’t teach us to be good; it isn’t as simple as that. They show us what it feels like to be good, or to be bad. They show us people like ourselves doing right things and wrong things, acting bravely or acting meanly, being cruel or being kind, and they leave it up to our own powers of empathy and imagination to make the connection with our own lives. Sometimes we do, sometimes we don’t. It isn’t like putting a coin in a machine and getting a chocolate bar; we’re not mechanical, we don’t respond every time in the same way…The moral teaching comes gently, and quietly, and little by little, and weighs nothing at all. We hardly know it’s happening. But in this silent and discreet way, with every book we read and love, with every story that makes its way into our heart, we gradually acquire models of behaviour and friends we admire and patterns of decency and kindness to follow.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you really believe in what you're doing, work hard, take nothing personally and if something blocks one route, find another. Never give up.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|He was big, that Sid. He was a force, a character, and I wondered fleetingly if Sally and I would ever seem as big to our offspring as Sid had seemed to us.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|There are many languages in the world but the most widely spoken and understood by everyone are power, love and money.
William Herschel|The major religions on the Earth contradict each other left and right. You can't all be correct. And what if all of you are wrong? It's a possibility, you know. You must care about the truth, right? Well, the way to winnow through all the differing contentions is to be skeptical. I'm not any more skeptical about your religious beliefs than I am about every new scientific idea I hear about. But in my line of work, they're called hypotheses, not inspiration and not revelation.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have yet to discover a source of information, practical advice, and hope that compares to the wisdom found in the Bible.
Jerry Ash, Hellraiser—Mother Jones: An Historical Novel|To the RKO motion picture camera at her 100th birthday party: “I pray for the day when working men and women are able to earn a fair share of the wealth they produce in a capitalist system, a day when all Americans are able to enjoy the freedom, rights and opportunities guaranteed them by the Constitution of the United States of America.” — Mother Jones
Kelly Moran, Redemption|A miscreant with coiffed, scented hair, a slender waist, the hips of a woman and the chest of a Prussian officer, with a finely tied cravat, by all girls admired. ~ [ introduction of character Montparnasse ]
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God is in control. He may not take away trials or make detours for us, but He strengthens us through them.
Ariel Dorfman, Heading South, Looking North: A Bilingual Journey|Life without strife is a rose without thorns.Alive as one is thriving today towards tomorrow,Nowhere is the past but simply a school of memory.Dreams, wishes, goals then becomes a wheel of “wills,”Spirit of a unique being on each soul breathing.Care to ponder some matter or another?Awareness sliding towards discovery gliding…Peace, contentment, fulfillment,Enwrapped like a mirage enchantment.Soaring freely, excitingly, happily home-love-bound!Over precious moments in a breathing of a soul,Flowing high emotions, feelings, hearts in bliss.All around any season of one's existence, one asks: “Anyone out there? A heart of a soul that didn’t harden? A touch of a soul that didn’t hurt? A life of a soul that didn't love?”Sands of time, rough, warm, indefinite, simply spreading, transforming, mounting.Oasis of a soul from a desert journey, flourishing with endless beauty and security.Utmost bliss, fulfillment and contentment, under covers a struggling, hopeful soul,Laboring service, living justice,  loving peace and tranquillity passed on to humanity!�
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights|This wasn’t the Dark Ages, and she wasn’t living in a third world nation where women didn’t have any rights and were treated unequally.
Haruki Murakami|I think most readers would say the same. Most would choose Midori. And the protagonist, of course, chooses her in the end. But some part of him is always in the other world and he cannot abandon it. It’s a part of him, an essential part. All human beings have a sickness in their minds. That space is a part of them.
Kevin James Breaux|Are you going to rape me at any point or anything?" I just figured it was good to get things out in the open, get myself in the right headspace. He whipped his head around and looked at me like I'd just insulted his grandmother. "The fuck? No, I'm not." He gave me the squint side-long. "Are you going to rape me?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|This is Annabeth,” Jason said. “Uh, normally she doesn't judo-flip people.
Napoleon Hill|Any ideas, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought
M.K. Bhutta|That she lived a lie. That she wasn't the good girl everyone believed her to be, wanted her to be.
Mo Farah|We live in a digital world where all is available at the touch of a screen. Money has been simplified, changed subtly over time from tangible bills to numbers in cyberspace. Cash is no longer in a cloth bag; it's numbers on a screen. Numbers that can be manipulated and modified. If you run out of numbers, you can just buy some more, right?
Anna Lyndsey, Girl in the Dark|By staying, by shirking the responsibility and effort of leaving, by continuing to occupy this lovely man while giving him neither children nor a public companion nor a welcoming home-do I do wrong?
L.E. Sterling, True Born|I stare into the ruggedly handsome face, the eyes alight with a vast intelligence and that eerie, unearthly power. He's beautiful, so haunted with power it takes me a second to realize exactly what position Nolan Storm has put me in, and by extension, my family.
Savannah Grace, I Grew My Boobs in China|I quickly became aware that the phrase "it can only get better" could very quickly turn into "it could always be worse," because it was.
Dada Bhagwan|Gnan’ [True Knowledge, Knowledge of one’s own self], is freedom itself. It keeps one in Moksha [liberated state] and prevents [karmic] bondage.
Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six|I jerk around and see Sister Dora, a portly woman who's the head cook in the kitchen, staring daggers at me. This is nothing new. She stares daggers at everyone who walks through the lunch line holding a tray, as though our needing sustenance is a personal affront.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Most of us have nicknames—annoying, endearing, embarrassing.But what about your true
Katie Reus, Lethal Game|It was worse than she’d expected.“None?” she asked.“No fresh boot prints anywhere around the perimeter of the house,” Sheriff Coughlin confirmed.“It was windy last night. Maybe the drifting snow filled in the prints?” Even before she finished speaking, the sheriff was shaking his head.“With the warm temperatures we’ve been having, the snow is either frozen or wet and heavy. If someone had walked through that yard last night, there would’ve been prints.”Daisy hid her wince at his words, even though they hit as hard as an elbow to the gut, and struggled to keep her voice firm. “There was someone walking around the outside of that house last night, Sheriff. I don’t know why there aren’t any boot prints, but I definitely saw someone.”He was giving her that look again, but it was worse, because she saw a thread of pity mixed in with the condescension. “Have you given more thought to starting therapy again?”The question surprised her. “Not really. What does that have to do…?” As comprehension dawned, a surge of rage shoved out her bewilderment. “I didn’t imagine that I saw someone last night. There really was a person there, looking in the side window.”All her protest did was increase the pity in his expression. “It must get lonely here by yourself.”“I’m not making things up to get attention!” Her voice had gotten shrill, so she took a deep breath. “I even said there was no need for you to get involved. I only suggested one of the on-duty deputies drive past to scare away the kid.”“Ms. Little.” His tone made it clear that impatience had drowned out any feelings of sympathy. “Physical evidence doesn’t lie. No one was in that yard last night.”“I know what I saw.”The sheriff took a step closer. Daisy hated how she had to crane her neck back to look at him. It made her feel so small and vulnerable. “Do you really?” he asked. “Eyewitness accounts are notoriously unreliable. Even people without your issues misinterpret what they see all the time. The brain is a tricky thing.”Daisy set her jaw as she stared back at the sheriff, fighting the urge to step back, to retreat from the man looming over her. There had been someone there, footprints or no footprints. She couldn’t start doubting what she’d witnessed the night before. If she did, then that meant she’d gone from mildly, can’t-leave-the-house crazy, to the kind of crazy that involved hallucinations, medications, and institutionalization. There had to be some other explanation, because she wasn’t going to accept that. Not when her life was getting so much better.She could tell by looking at his expression that she wasn’t going to convince Coughlin of anything. “Thank you for checking on it, Sheriff. I promise not to bother you again.”Although he kept his face impassive, his eyes narrowed slightly. “If you…see anything else, Ms. Little, please call me.”That wasn’t going to happen, especially when he put that meaningful pause in front of “see” that just screamed “delusional.” Trying to mask her true feelings, she plastered on a smile and turned her body toward the door in a not-so-subtle hint for him to leave. “Of course.”Apparently, she needed some lessons in deception, since the sheriff frowned, unconvinced. Daisy met his eyes with as much calmness as she could muster, dropping the fake smile because she could feel it shifting into manic territory. She’d lost enough credibility with the sheriff as it was.The silence stretched until Daisy wanted to run away and hide in a closet, but she managed to continue holding his gaze. The memory of Chris telling her about the sheriff using his “going to confession” stare-down on suspects helped her to stay quiet.Finally, Coughlin turned toward the door. Daisy barely managed to keep her sigh of relief silent.“Ms. Little,” he said with a short nod, which she returned.“Sheriff.”Only when he was through the doorway with the door locked behind him did Daisy’s knees start to shake.
Siobhan Davis, Losing Kyler|When everything else is shattering, you feel like the one true constant.
Aanchal Malhotra|I have grown up listening to my grandparents’ stories about ‘the other side’ of the border. But, as a child, this other side didn’t quite register as Pakistan, or not-India, but rather as some mythic land devoid of geographic borders, ethnicity and nationality. In fact, through their stories, I imagined it as a land with mango orchards, joint families, village settlements, endless lengths of ancestral fields extending into the horizon, and quaint local bazaars teeming with excitement on festive days. As a result, the history of my grandparents’ early lives in what became Pakistan essentially came across as a very idyllic, somewhat rural, version of happiness.
Cesar Chavez|The money's the same, whether you earn it or scam it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you see only your coreligionists as your brothers, you aren’t only a good man but also you are very low in morality! Your brothers are the whole humanity!
Raphael Zernoff|Do not freak out when you lose your friends, partners, lovers, family, job and experience physical challenges. It is a temporary time of recalibration. It will balance itself out, when you allow your fears to transform in a loving way, as they now push to the surface seeking your recognition, and validation.
Nenia Campbell, Cease and Desist|Death was not the scariest thing out there; no, the denial of it could be far worse.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Life is not about getting everything right, as much as it’s about working to live right.
Judith Pella, A House Divided|The sudden, painful flare of envy caught me by surprise. I was a loner, my last few years in school. I could have done with a friend like that.
Sonia Sotomayor|You must stand for something! It does not have to be grand, but it must be a positive that brings light to someone else's darkness.
Miranda Hart, Is It Just Me?|Nick chided a censor, who wished some books gone, and suggested she scan Fahrenheit 451. For the book-budget cutters, Old Claus had no plan, cause if they could read, they just read Ayn Rand.
Honoré de Balzac|I have heard queens' swans, moved a man to cry,heard Bach played in the Metro on guitars.I have made love in Paris. Let me die.
Zal|Psychology at best tells us how things are, not how they are supposed to be! There is no utopic science.
Joanne Fluke, Chocolate Chip Cookie Murder|She saw it in her mind's eye like a movie playing, the haunting memories from her childhood she couldn't seem to shake blending together into one raw, aching image. Her mother lying in a darkened room for days, her face swollen with tears. The inevitable ashtray overrun with ashes, the acrid scent of pot smoke in the air. The bed or couch or futon may have been different from year to year as Evie moved them around from apartment to commune to funky cottage, but her mother was always the same. Falling hard for some man, immersing herself in romantic fantasies that were crushed when the guy left. And the guy always left. Her mother's inability to get a grasp on reality had too often left Mischa to care for her younger sister, to care for her mother, from too young an age. She remembered shaking Evie awake, trying to get her to eat. To get up and take a shower, take her and Raine to school. No kid should have to do that. No kid should have to witness the way Evie had allowed herself to be ravaged by love. No woman should allow that to happen.
Vandana Shiva|What do you consider the most interesting man-made structure in the galaxy?The dam they are building at the Three Gorges on the Yangtse. Though perhaps 'baffling' would be a better word. Dams almost never do what they were intended to do, but create devastation beyond belief. And yet we keep on building them, and I can't help but wonder why. I'm convinced that if we go back far enough in the history of the human species, we will find some beaver genes creeping in there somewhere. It's the only explanation that makes sense.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|At beyond continent of reality, there are oceans of ideas.
Joe Barton|When you look at the big issues post-9/11 in the United States, whether it's water boarding, warantless wire tapping, surveillance, Gitmo, black sites rendition, all of those have been legal. Nobody has gone to jail for those programs.
Wendy Shalit, A Return to Modesty: Discovering the Lost Virtue|What do you think dignity's all about?'The directness of the inquiry did, I admit, take me rather by surprise. 'It's rather a hard thing to explain in a few words, sir,' I said. 'But I suspect it comes down to not removing one's clothing in public.
Alexander McCall Smith, A Distant View of Everything|He evidently did not care that they were in full view of a cluster of dog-owners walking their dogs. He stopped and took her in his arms, kissing her passionately and urgently.
Jessica Khoury, Vitro|For the artist himself art is not necessarily therapeutic; he is not automatically relieved of his fantasies by expressing them. Instead, by some perverse logic of creation, the act of formal expressions may simply make the dredged-up material more readily available to him.
Kate McGahan|True friendship has no checks or balances. Once someone starts Keeping Score, the game is over.
C.G. Fewston|It's a season of life, if your granted peace, freedom and you got the right person to love.
Witness Lee, An Autobiography Of A Person In Spirit|The central thought of the Scriptures is that God intends to work Himself in Christ through the Spirit into us, that God and we, we and God, might be really one in life, in nature, and in the Spirit. To show this God uses several figures or symbols in the Bible.
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|Over the years I have built up this tough outer skin around myself, almost like a bubble or a barrier. This has been keeping me safe, but it has not allowed me to feel deeply, to embrace life fully. You were the only one who truly supported me Mary…there was no barrier between you and I. But it is not the same with the rest of the world.’‘Have you now removed that barrier?’‘I am trying.’‘What’s under it?’‘Light, pure light
Radhika Vaz, Unladylike: A Memoir|Hello,” said the beautiful elven maid. “I was just thinking, and I mean no offence, but—how can any fighting force crowded with the softer sex hope to prevail in battle?”“Huh?” said Elliot, brilliantly. “The softer what?”“I refer to men,” said the elf girl. “Naturally I was aware the Border guard admitted men, and I support men in their endeavor to prove they are equal to women, but their natures are not warlike, are they?
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Poverty might make you obscure, but if you continue churning out wisdom to solve more problems and challenges, you will neither remain poor nor die in obscurity.
Laurie Helgoe|If you ask an introvert a question, wait until she thinks about it. Introverts think before speaking, not through speaking. If you want to get to the good stuff, you need to slow down.
George Orwell, Inside the Whale and Other Essays|He is fiddling while Rome is burning, and, unlike the enormous majority of people who do this, fiddling with his face toward the flames.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Every conscious thought you have, every moment you spend on an idea, is a commitment to be stuck with that idea and with aspects of that level of thinking, for the rest of your life. Spending just 10 seconds focusing on a topic that does not serve your interests is to invest your energy along a path that will continue to draw from you and define you.
Jeremy Tiang, Durians Are Not the Only Fruit|Anyway, when sophisticated technology fails, primitive technology steps in to do the job.
Stephanie Laurens, A Rogue's Proposal|Frowning, she looked up. "You can't want to ravish me every time we meet."Oh, yes, he could. Demon gritted his teeth...
Dada Bhagwan|Shukladhyan (pure contemplation of the Self, the Soul) means focused awareness of the eternal form of the Self, the Soul. Dhyan (contemplation or one’s focused effort) is a natural thing. And in pure applied awareness as Pure Soul (shuddha upayog), one must do spiritual effort with awareness of the separation of the Self and non-Self.
Sam Harris|The '50s in general are written off as a boring decade following the turmoil of the Second World War and its immediate aftermath - the postwar Labour government, the cold war, the arrival of the New Look in fashion, etc. But I remember it as a very exciting time - a pioneering, rule-breaking time, especially for the young.
Danielle Dutton, Margaret the First|God cares only for what is his, busies himself with only himself, thinks only of himself, and has only himself before his eyes...He serves no higher person, and satisfies only himself. His cause is--A purely egoistic cause.
Mehek Bassi|The truth is - people won't believe you, they won't care for you, they won't give you time or attention, but once you do something that is 'big' in their eyes, you will get it all. Then suddenly you become everyone's friend, everyone seems to have time for you. The people who ignored you earlier will tag you in their posts to gain publicity. And all of a sudden, you become the 'new' inspiration. But the ones who always support you will still call you by your pet name, tease you by those old names and will be there for you like before.The 'key' to life is - knowing who is permanent and who is temporary. The people who are with you in your struggle, are the people who deserve to eat a slice of your success, and the people who are there right after your success, are the ones who should be kept at a distance, for those people would be the first ones to run away if you are in any problem.This life is too short to be lived in any fake fame or publicity. Know your real friends, and know their worth, because if they're lost, the meaning of your life is lost...
Karl Marx, Economic and Philosophic Manuscripts of 1844|Christ represents originally: 1) men before God; 2) God for men; 3) men to man.Similarly, money represents originally, in accordance with the idea of money: 1) private property for private property; 2) society for private property; 3) private property for society.But Christ is alienated God and alienated man. God has value only insofar as he represents Christ, and man has value only insofar as he represents Christ. It is the same with money.
Avijeet Das|It may take us years and years to find our true calling in life. But one fine day, we eventually do find it! Till then make merry, laugh, fight, dance and enjoy the craziness...
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|Now I know what success is: living your truth, sharing it.
Erik Pevernagie|People are seen through the stained glass window of our imagination. ( "The hidden sides of his character" )
Eleanor Roosevelt|Happiness is a byproduct of function, purpose, and conflict; those who seek happiness for itself seek victory without war.
Barton Gellman|My U.N. five-point plan focuses on preventing proliferation, strengthening the legal regime, and ensuring nuclear safety and security - an effort that was given good momentum by the Nuclear Security Summit held in Seoul earlier this year. The world is over-armed, and peace is underfunded.
Debasish Mridha|You are the soul of the universe, the eyes of the world, and the feelings of nature.
Sue Tetzlaff, The Employee Experience: A Capstone Guide to Peak Performance|If you can 'hire tough,' you can 'manage easy.
Ravi Zacharias|Grow in the root of all grace, which is faith. Believe God's promises more firmly than ever. Allow your faith to increase in its fullness, firmness, and simplicity.
Mary Wollstonecraft|Let their faculties have room to unfold, and their virtues to gain strength, and then determine where the whole sex must stand in the intellectual scale.
Bruce M. Carruthers|ME/CFS is not synonymous with depression or other psychiatric ill- nesses. The belief by some that they are the same has caused much con- fusion in the past, and inappropriate treatment.Nonpsychotic depression (major depression and dysthymia), anxiety disorders and somatization disorders are not diagnostically exclusionary, but may cause significant symptom overlap. Careful attention to the timing and correlation of symptoms, and a search for those characteris- tics of the symptoms that help to differentiate between diagnoses may be informative, e.g., exercise will tend to ameliorate depression whereas excessive exercise tends to have an adverse effect on ME/CFS patients.
Elaine  White, Clef Notes|He was getting undressed and it snapped something inside of him that had been drawing taut, ready to break for months.“I'm hungry, Bruno,” he said, in a soft voice, as he removed the shirt from his broad shoulders, revealing a perfect sight of smooth dark skin. “I can't wait for dinner,” he continued, with a smile.When he put his hands to the fastening of his trousers, Bruno let out a sigh and put the take out menus on the counter. He couldn't look at him, because he knew Lyon was trying to seduce him on purpose. He didn't want to talk or hear him out or spend time with him that didn't end with an orgasm.“I can't do this anymore,” Bruno confessed, quietly.
AVA., you are safe here.|i am a womanand i am alone,and i cannot tellwhich one of the twoi love being more.
Konrad Lorenz|None can love freedom heartily, but good men; the rest love not freedom, but licence.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Well we have to. We have to remember everything. If we don’t, by the time we grow up it’ll be gone forever.
Anne Elisabeth Stengl, Heartless|Have you ever dreamed of one thing for so long, wanted nothing more than to have that dream fulfilled, only to find out that maybe it wasn't what you actually wanted all along?"He juggled four stones lightly. "I believe that's called growing up.
Sandy Oshiro Rosen, Bare: The Misplaced Art of Grieving and Dancing|An observant friend will recognize the signs of the rise of grief: eyes that easily well with tears, a smile that is difficult to sustain, a tendency to withdraw. And ultimately, perhaps we each need to create our own symbol of grieving — to wear our version of black, or maybe to color with black crayons for a while.
Melina Marchetta, Saving Francesca|Do you want to hang out? At your place or something?" Hanging out with Jimmy Hailler will mean that I have to say hello to him every day. I'm not ready to say hello to him every day. Too much commitment. It's bad enough that I'm sharing chocolate brownies swith him. I shake my head. "Not today.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Lorsen shook his head in amazement. 'You truly are disgusting.''I would be the last to disagree, but you fail to see that you are worse. No man capable of greater evil than the one who thinks himself in the right. No purpose more evil than the higher purpose. I freely admit I am a villain. That's why you hired me. But I am no hypocrite.
Joseph Campbell, Primitive Mythology|Awakening means you’ve come home to yourself, that consciousness shifted back to its original nature.
Master P|Falling in love, romance, matters of the heart - when you fall in love, on some biochemical level you know there is a chance it won't work out. It's ingrained in us that if you take such an enormous risk on someone with your heart that it might not pay off. I gamble all my chips and I might actually lose everything.
Anne Brontë|Oh, oh, no greater evil is there in this world, than the evil that lies in the hearts of those who repay good with evil. Oh no greater shame be upon anyone in this world, than the shame that be upon the heads of those who will not save the life that saved them. No greater evil, no greater shame. No greater trespass against God and angel and man; than a human who can say that they are entitled to repay good with evil.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|Darius held Stark back from launching himself at Neferet, and Duantia spoke quickly into the rising tension. 'Neferet, I think we can all agree that there are many unanswered questions about the tragedy that occured on our island today. Stark, we also understand the passion and rage you feel at the loss of your Priestess. it is a hard blow for a Warrior to-'Duantia's wisdom was cut off by the sound of Aretha Franklin belting out the chorus from "Respect," which was coming from the little Coach purse Aphrodite had slung over her shoulder.Oopsie, um, sorry 'bout that.' Aphrodite frantically unzipped her purse and dug for her iPhone.
Dallas Willard, The Divine Conspiracy: Rediscovering Our Hidden Life In God|The evangelical wing of the Church spends a lot of energy on being "born again" but little time on "growing up" again. There is a failing to encourage newborn believers out of the maternity ward and into a big world where they will spend the rest of their spiritual lives trying to find what they are looking for.
Katherine J. Walden, Seasons: Reflections on Changes Throughout Life|I have learned that bitterness, resentment and self-pity do nothing to lift the gloomy clouds of a spiritual February in my life. If anything, these sins only harden the soil of my heart, making it difficult for new growth to spring forth at God’s appointed time.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin|To restore the American experiment in democratic self-government, religious believers need to redouble their civic efforts. For without our active participation in politics, the government will continue to trample on our rights. The Constitution does not prevent people of faith from being active in politics.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you know how to handle people, handle people well, for you may need people one day! Don’t just shun them; don’t kill them! Don’t curse them; don’t harm them! Pray for them, for they are a good part of the story, both for the good and for the bad; get understanding, and disarm the armed who seems to be a threat with wit and wisdom! Life is not a one day journey, so be be careful!
Tom Cruise|If we have not peace within ourselves, it is in vain to seek it from outward sources.
Carl Kiekhaefer|The perfect life, the perfect lie, I realised after Christmas, is one which prevents you from doing that which you would ideally have done (painted, say, or written unpublishable poetry) but which, in fact, you have no wish to do.
Steen Langstrup, In The Shadow of Sadd|Cursed greed of gold, what crimes thy tyrant power has caused. -- Virgil
Derek Sivers|Steve Jobs gave a small private presentation about the iTunes Music Store to some independent record label people. My favorite line of the day was when people kept raising their hand saying, "Does it do [x]?", "Do you plan to add [y]?". Finally Jobs said, "Wait wait — put your hands down. Listen: I know you have a thousand ideas for all the cool features iTunes could have. So do we. But we don't want a thousand features. That would be ugly. Innovation is not about saying yes to everything. It's about saying NO to all but the most crucial features.
Tim Anderson, Sweet Tooth: A Memoir|We tried to change Vietnam. Instead, Vietnam changed us.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Knowledge is like money: To be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.
Sakshi Chetana, How to be Successful: Powerful Lessons for Success|Success is not only a goal. It is a journey. When you commit yourself to the journey, the goal is surely there to be attained.
Barbara Goldsmith, Obsessive Genius: The Inner World of Marie Curie|The rare female scientist was depicted as masculine, coarse, ugly, careworn and industrious but making no significant contribution.
James Larkin|I sleep completely naked to make me believe you are here, but when I wake up it is not the same thing. Most of all, don't deceive me with other women any more.
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|I know that my grandmother certainly did nothing to warrant my mother stealing all of her jewelry that my grandfather had given her as gifts over the years, just so she could peddle it for heroin on the street. Those were precious metals and gems that could never be replaced, and each one had a story behind it. A love story between my grandparents, that my mother flushed down a proverbial toilet so that she could shoot up, throw up and pass out.
Cornel West|This kind of action is a prevalent error among oppressed peoples. It is based upon the false notion that there is only a limited and particular amount of freedom that must be divided up between us, with the largest and juiciest pieces of liberty going as spoils to the victor or the stronger. So instead of joining together to fight for more, we quarrel between ourselves for a larger slice of the one pie. Black women fight between ourselves over men, instead of pursuing and using who we are and our strengths for lasting change; Black women and men fight between ourselves over who has more of a right to freedom, instead of seeing each other's struggles as part of our own and vital to our common goals; Black and white women fight between ourselves over who is the more oppressed, instead of seeing those areas in which our causes are the same. (Of course, this last separation is worsened by the intransigent racism that white women too often fail to, or cannot, address in themselves.)
Christopher Rouse|Write out the story - rapidly, fluently, and not too critically - following the second or narrative-order synopsis. Change incidents and plot whenever the developing process seems to suggest such change, never being bound by any previous design.
Edward Robert Bulwer-Lytton|Food can be a poison or a cure. Why would you choose to ingest toxins when you could be taking the world's best detox medicine. For the purposes of detoxification, let me be clear; always try to eat organic.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|My mother can't have been magic, or she wouldn't have died", said Riddle
Omori Sogen, An Introduction to Zen Training|The use of market values and technology as a social barometer has devalued the worth of individuals, rendered irrelevant the quality of their lives, and stunted their creativity.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I know one thing about men," Bunny says with finality, leaving the room to check on A. "They never die when you want them to.
James Hollis, Under Saturn's Shadow: The Wounding and Healing of Men|Surely the greatest tragedy for men in regard to the feminine principle is that their fear alienates them from their own anima, the principle of relatedness, feeling and connection to the life force. This alienation from self obliges alienation from other men as well. Often their only connection with each other comes through superficial talk about outer events, such as sports and politics.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Dining partners, regardless of gender, social standing, or the years they've lived, should be chosen for their ability to eat - and drink! - with the right mixture of abandon and restraint. They should enjoy food, and look upon its preparation and its degustation as one of the human arts.
Gil Scott-Heron|What I really like is an intelligent review. It doesn't have to be positive. A review that has some kind of insight, and sometimes people say something that's startling or is so poignant.
Carolyn Elliott, Awaken Your Genius: A Seven-Step Path to Freeing Your Creativity and Manifesting Your Dreams|The role of your genius spirit is to essentially heal, transform, and evolve consciousness.
Elisabeth Elliot|The wait is long, my dream of you does not end.
Agatha Christie|life is to short, if one day is peace in the week, why look forward to it, time will speed.
Jamie Farrell, Smittened|Two years ago, she had inherited The Milked Duck Ice Cream Shoppe in downtown Bliss from Great Aunt Agnes. After gettingher degree in sociology and then bouncing around the country, waffling from job to job and one relative’s couch to another, she’d finally found where she fit: creating and serving happiness to the locals and the destination wedding tourists in Bliss.
George Bernard Shaw, Pygmalion|HIGGINS. Have you no morals, man?DOOLITTLE [unabashed] Cant afford them, Governor. Neither could you if you was as poor as me.
Kevin O'Leary|After I won the Oscar, my salary doubled, my friends tripled, my children became more popular at school, my butcher made a pass at me, and my maid hit me up for a raise.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If Nigeria will change for the better, then we must take responsibility for the changes in Nigeria.
Karasu Yamazaki, Fukushuu Kyoushitsu, vol. 2|There were cracked head stones, dead flowers and weeds coming through the ground. Even the trees looked lifeless. --The Body By the Tree
Renée Paule, Just Around The Bend: Más o Menos|Imagine living in a world where we no longer believe that war can lead to peace. War can't lead to peace anymore than ignorance can lead to knowledge. War leads to premature death, pain, suffering, hatred, fear and more separation.
Evgenij Vodolazkin, Laurus|Fall for me, Aimee. I’ll catch you. Let go, baby.
Dillon Burroughs, Thirst No More: A One-Year Devotional Journey|When others doubt the power of Jesus, be the one who asks Him to perform the impossible. He often will.
Eiji Mikage, 神栖麗奈は此処にいる [Kamisu Reina Wa Koko Ni Iru]|Seriously... a sermon is not going to achieve anything. We all know perfectly well that one must not commit suicide. And yet there are times when the world we live in becomes so tough on us that we play with the thought. Therefore, it's useless to appeal to ethics; he ought to go with a more practical and concrete approach. If I were to stop suicide, I would do it like this: "Dying means falling into an eternal state of nothingness, a perfect void that can't be conceived by anything that is alive. Just think about it: your brain goes away. You do not have any thought anymore. Surely, you've heard of the phrase 'I think, thus I am,' no? Give it some careful thought. Nothing exists. Do you get this? Nothing exists. How many seconds could you endure being in a world without sound, without light, and without any kind of sensation? A world where you don't even get hungry. Where you have no desires at all. Can you follow me? But death is a perfect void, so it exceeds even such a sensation-less world. There is no future. Heaven is just a construct people who fear death made up. You should know why there will always be people who believe in a world after death despite the advent of science; it's because they are scared. Scared of what waits beyond death. So, don't think ending your own life will save you! It simply ends. It E-N-D-S. Suicide is the act of killing yourself, and dying without comprehending the meaning of death is but escaping from reality. Although the result is the same in both cases. All right, come on. Try to kill yourself if you can; try to kill yourself now that you've learned the truth."At the very least, I couldn't kill myself. After all, the only reason why I'm here now is because I'm more afraid of death than most.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Altogether, humankind had spread over less than one-eighth of the galaxy. Expansion was somewhat self-limiting. The U.S. had not been able to hold a colony at two hundred light-years distance. At fifteen hundred light-years, most nations could consider their colonies temporary holdings. Any people it took you two months to reach were not going to pay your taxes or obey your laws. That was human nature. - Wolf Star, Tour of the Merrimack #2
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|She was not an unkind woman, despite a lifetime of being gently dried out on the stove of education, but she was conscientious and a stickler for propriety and thought she knew how this sort of thing should go and was vaguely annoyed that it wasn't going.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|You're very old, aren't you?""Just as old as my tongue and a little older than my teeth.
Alastair Reynolds, House of Suns|Making love was a game of echoes. We had shared memories so many times that when I made love to her, I knew exactly how it felt to be Purslane. I could taste and feel her other lovers and she could taste and feel mine, each experience reaching away like a reflection in a hall of mirrors, diminishing into a kind of carnal background radiation, a sea of sensuous experience. I had been a girl once, then a thousand men and women and all their lovers. The stasis field locked on. The Synchromesh took hold. I hurtled into my own future, while my ship ate space and time.- "House of Suns" by Alastair Reynolds
Akilnathan Logeswaran|For twenty-seven years I was told and believed it to be true, that if you really liked someone, you'd wish her/him to 'stay the way s/he is'.Today I know that I was not wrong, but my view was limited. If I really like someone today, I don't want them to merely stay that way, I want them to grow, to discover their potential, and am excited to see who they choose to become.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Today's progress, was once yesterday's discussion. Speak aloud, see it through, and most importantly believe!
David Blunkett|Black holes provide theoreticians with an important theoretical laboratory to test ideas. Conditions within a black hole are so extreme, that by analyzing aspects of black holes we see space and time in an exotic environment, one that has shed important, and sometimes perplexing, new light on their fundamental nature.
Nancy Allen|If I could play any role in any musical, it would be Desiree in 'A Little Night Music' - Oh my, it is perfection. The character gets to be funny, beautiful, sexy and smart all at the same time and have two men fighting over her. The show is Stephen Sondheim at his absolute best... need I say more?
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|. . I tell you Dain is a splendid catch. I advise you to set your hooks and reel him in.”Jessica took a long swallow of her cognac. “This is not a trout, Genevieve. This is a great, hungry shark.”“Then use a harpoon.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Oleander Girl|May your heart be mine, may my heart be yours. May your sorrows be mine, may my joys be yours.
Scott Stabile|Then her heart opened wider than it ever had before, and all she saw before her, everywhere she looked, were people to love.
Zanjabil|As far as I was concerned, the best thing one could do for the poor was to not add one’s self to their number.
Wheston Chancellor Grove, Who Has Known Heights|I guess it's over now," I said bravely. "Right?""Is that what you want?"My throat clenched. I shook my head."What do you want, Haven?""I want you," I burst out, and the tears spilled over again. "But I can't have you."Hardy moved closer, gripping my head in his hands, forcing me to look at him. "Haven, sweetheart . . . you've already got me.
William Allingham|Who would know but ten years ago that kids would be texting each other all the time, that that would be one of their main forms of communication. And so many times, these kids know more about the technology than their parents. And so many times, we're putting kids in very adult situations and expecting them to behave like they're 40 years old.
Thabo Mbeki|It's clear that people are going to download media files, and they're going to talk to each other, and they're going to exchange information and knowledge and so forth. So this system logic is basically what you bounce off of.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Why were we never together anymore, just alone in each other's vicinity?
Akshay Vasu|The day she realised, it was not about the world but was all about her, she grew the wings. The day she understood she was not answerable to any of them who always blamed and pointed her, she had the fire blazing in her eyes. She raised and soared towards the sky. The whole world looked at her in awe and wished if only they could be her. She was not confined to be on the ground anymore. She had the wings of fire and she left a trail everywhere she went, for other to follow.
Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast|You need to decide whether you're willing to risk being hurt, plain and simple. You can go for it and have a wonderful relationship. Or you might go for it and crash and burn brilliantly. It's up to you if you want to take that risk, up to you if it's worth it or not.
Erica Sehyun Song|Maybe I was wrong. Maybe there really is some goodness here in our world. But if goodness existed, that must mean that darkness existed as well.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|You're really going to do it, aren't you? You're really going to go back to war?" Gregor said. He could feel something boiling up inside of him. "So, we'll just forget about what happened. The jungle, the Firelands, the Bane." His voice was rising and he could feel the rager side of him taking over. "Forget about everybody who's dead! Tick and Twitchtip and Hamnet and Thalia and Ares! And your parents, Luxa! And your pups, Ripred! Let's just forget about everybody who gave their lives so that you could have this moment where you could — could make things right again! So you could stop the killing! We were fighting for the same thing, remember? You two owe each other your lives! You owe me your lives! And now you stand there and ask me to choose between you? To help you kill each other?" Gregor yanked Sandwich's sword from his belt and swung it so violently that even Luxa and Ripred stepped back. "Well, guess what? The warrior's not fighting for either of you!
Tilda Swinton|The sexiest thing my girlfriend has ever done for me is when she planned three full days of events, meals, and surprises for my birthday. It was like one continuous gift.
Leo Tolstoy|Most people are resistant to ideas, especially new ones. But they are fascinated by character. Extravagance of personality is one way in which the pill can be sugared and the public induced to look at works dealing with ideas.
Ronald Edward Jones|And remember, it truly is a great Life
John Lee Hooker|One night I was layin' down,I heard Papa talkin' to Mama,I heard Papa say to let that boy boogie-woogie.'Cause it's in him and it's got to come out.
Taylor Swift|think when it's all over it just comes back in flashes, you know? It's like a kaleidoscope of memories; it just all comes back. But he never does. I think part of me knew the second I saw him that this would happen. It's not really anything he said, or anything he did ― it was the feeling that came along with it. Crazy thing is, I don't know if I'm ever going to feel that way again. But I don't know if I should. I knew his world moved too fast and burned too bright, but I just thought, 'How can the devil be pulling you toward someone who looks so much like an angel when he smiles at you?' Maybe he knew that when he saw me. I guess I just lost my balance. I think that the worst part of it all wasn't losing him. It was losing me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It was as natural and obvious to me as breathing. So I assumed that everyone else was doing it too. When I realized that everyone else was not doing it -- that they couldn't do it even if they tried -- I told myself, 'I'm different from other people, so the life I live will have to be different from theirs.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|I touched his hand, carefully. Not too intimate, but not some half-assed there-there pat, either. Would he understand? Usually the thought process for a seventeen-year-old boy went girl touching me>omg>boner.
D.H. Lawrence|The days passed, the weeks. But everything seemed to have fused, gone into a conglomerated mass. He could not tell one day from another, hardly one place from another. Nothing was distinct or distinguishable. Often he lost himself for an hour at a time, could not remember what he had done.
Eileen Anglin|If you want to heal or experience more happiness in life, learn to move out of the head and be in your heart more. You will know you are "in your head" when you analyze, control and overthink. When you have run on thoughts, worry, and talk without listening. When you take all the workshops and read all the books, but aren't experiencing it's message in your life, in your heart.
Kellie Thacker, Sacrifice|Often I've wondered what it would feel like to be him," he whispered softly. "To feel the warmth of your skin under my cold hand or your hot breath on my lips. These last few days have been torment on my curiosity.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|But magic is neither good nor evil. It is a tool, like a knife. Is a knife evil? Only if the wielder is evil.
Bill Mech|All types of societies are limited by economic factors. Nineteenth century civilization alone was economic in a different and distinctive sense, for it chose to base itself in a motive rarely acknowledged as valid in history of human societies, and certainly never before raised to the level of justification of action and behavior in everyday life, namely, gain. The self-regulating market system was uniquely derived from this principle. The mechanism which the motive gain set in motion was comparable in effectiveness only to the most violent outburst of religious fervor in history. Within a generation the whole human world was subjected to its undiluted influence.
Wynter Wilkins, Strigoi|You believe me, don’t you? You really do. Why do you believe me? Did Anechka do something to you? Now I owe you; and I may look little, but I know how to fight. I learned by fighting with Hargis. I’ll kick her ass if she hurts you, Lane; just tell me—what did she do? -- Blayne Giano O'hicidhe
Enuma Okoro, Silence and Other Surprising Invitations of Advent|Openness to God demands our growing acceptance that we cannot create blueprints for our own lives. Though God’s character is unchanging, the ways of God are unpredictable, and there is a difference between arbitrariness and unpredictability.
Richard E. Gropp, Bad Glass|THE TRUTH SHALL SET YOU FREE, LIES WILL PUT YOU INTO PRISON
Duane G. Carey|When I was a kid, one of my favorite books was George Gamow's 'One Two Three ... Infinity: Facts and Speculations of Science.'
Anonymous|If you do not feel ashamed of anything, then you can do whatever you like
Rachel  Harris, You're Still the One|A toast," she declared. "To an incredible summer kicking butt and chasing dreams.
Shannon L. Alder|Life doesn’t happen to you, but for you. Lessons can be found in everyone’s story.
Sunday Adelaja|Inspiration may not solve one’s deepest or darkest problems, but it can be a light when no other light shines.
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|Our hearts are wired for worship, and our worship is directly tied to our sense of hope.
Dennis Lehane, Mystic River|Answer Professor Mandell’s letter when you get a chance and the patience. Ask him not to send me any more poetry books. I already have enough for 1 year anyway. I am quite sick of it anyway. A man walks along the beach and unfortunately gets hit in the head by a cocoanut. His head unfortunately cracks open in two halves. Then his wife comes along the beach singing a song and sees the 2 halves and recognizes them and cries heart breakingly. That is exactly where I am tired of poetry. Supposing the lady just picks up the 2 halves and shouts into them very angrily “Stop that!” Do not mention this when you answer his letter, however. It is quite controversial and Mrs. Mandell is a poet besides.
Kenzo Tange|Maybe we can show government how to operate better as a result of better architecture. Eventually, I think Chicago will be the most beautiful great city left in the world.
Jamie Blyth|Recipe for a WorryTake one pound morbid preoccupation and mix vigorously with one cup overactive imagination. In a separate bowl, add one part hypersensitivity to three parts increased hormone activity. Fold together and let stew for hours on end.
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|There’s only so much you can watch someone sacrifice before you realize they’re changing who they are for you, and not in a good way.
Ron Baratono|Never give up on your dreams! When you’re good at something, and there’s love in what you do, passion will always bring success.
Daniel José Older, Salsa Nocturna: Stories|There's a jangle to the music of the dead. I mean that certain something that's so happy and so sad at the same time. The notes almost make a perfect harmony, but don't. Then they do but quickly crash into dissonance. They simmer in that sweet in-between rhythm section rattling along all the while. Chords collapse chaotically into one another and just when you think it's gonna spill into total nonsense, it stands back up and comes through sweet as a lullaby on your mami's lips. Songs that'll make people tap their feet and drink melancholically but not realize the twisting genius lurking within until generations later.
George Orwell|All men are mad in some way or another, and inasmuch as you deal discreetly with your madmen, so deal with God's madmen too, the rest of the world.
Ravi Zacharias|I've always strived to be successful, not famous.
Christos Tsiolkas|I couldn’t admit to any of the boys I hung out with that I wanted to fuck ’em, so my erotic life was in my imagination and in the body.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We are citizens of heaven. We must conduct ourselves, worthy of our calling, faith in Christ.
Suzi Quatro|I was silent as a child, and silenced as a young woman; I am taking my lumps and bumps for being a big mouth, now, but usually from those whose opinion I don't respect.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A joyful life,reaching out to people from all walks of life.
Elle Macpherson|I cannot always write at the same time, in the same place. I work, travel and have a vigorous family life. If I'm stranded in an airport lobby - I write. If I have to wait in a doctor's office - I write. If I have a morning or evening to myself - I write.
Sharon Shinn, Whedonistas!: A Celebration of the Worlds of Joss Whedon by the Women Who Love Them|Begin at the beginning as you understood it, proceed through the middle, continue to the end, and then stop," said Master Li, and he sauntered out to get drunk....
John Hughlings Jackson|All organisms vary. It is in the highest degree improbable that any given variety should have exactly the same relations to surrounding conditions as the parent stock. In that case it is either better fitted (when the variation may be called useful), or worse fitted, to cope with them. If better, it will tend to supplant the parent stock; if worse, it will tend to be extinguished by the parent stock.If (as is hardly conceivable) the new variety is so perfectly adapted to the conditions that no improvement upon it is possible,—it will persist, because, though it does not cease to vary, the varieties will be inferior to itself.If, as is more probable, the new variety is by no means perfectly adapted to its conditions, but only fairly well adapted to them, it will persist, so long as none of the varieties which it throws off are better adapted than itself.On the other hand, as soon as it varies in a useful way, i.e. when the variation is such as to adapt it more perfectly to its conditions, the fresh variety will tend to supplant the former.
Sharon Salzberg, The Power of Meditation: A 28-Day Programme for Real Happiness|People turn to meditation because they want to make good decisions, break bad habits & bounce back better from disappointments.
Hans-Hermann Hoppe|In Europe, charters of liberty have been granted by power. America has set the example and France has followed it, of charters of power granted by liberty. This revolution in the practice of the world may, with an honest praise, be pronounced the most triumphant epoch of its history and the most consoling presage of its happiness.
Steven Hall, The Raw Shark Texts|There’s plenty of emphasis on success in our culture, but we have to help people focus on significance as well.
Peter Allison, How to Walk a Puma: And Other Things I Learned While Stumbling through South America|the mangrove killfish, lives in South American and southern US coastal swamps that can either dry up or become so toxic that the fish has to find refuge in the mud or by flipping and jumping across land. Amazingly, its skin and gills change so the killfish can breathe air and survive out of the water for as long as ten weeks.
kambiz shabankareh|Love it's not supposed to be complicated. It must be easy. It should not need begging and imploring. Love must be simple, because it's just the beginning of a long journey.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Temporary, but excruciating, pain is the price of healing.
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|We sleep, allowing gravity to hold us, allowing Earth- our larger body- to recalibrate our neurons, composting the keen encounters of our waking hours (the tensions and terrors of our individual days), stirring them back, as dreams, into the sleeping substance of our muscles. We give ourselves over to the influence of the breathing earth. Sleep is the shadow of the earth as it seeps into our skin and spreads throughout our limbs, dissolving our individual will into the thousand and one selves that compose it- cells, tissues, and organs taking their prime directives now from gravity and the wind- as residual bits of sunlight, caught in the long tangle of nerves, wander the drifting landscape of our earth-borne bodies like deer moving across the forested valleys.
Gary Chapman, The Five Love Languages of Children|Discipline is not a negative word. It comes from the Greek word "to train.
Nina Simone|It's so wonderful... if your whole day is rotten, once they start the music, it seems to melt away.
Tamora Pierce, Street Magic|She seemed glad to see me when I appeared in the kitchen, and by watching her I began to think there was some skill involved in being a girl.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|Maybe we're brokenhearted, but why isn't it rational to have a broken heart? It is utter shit out there, the things you can't control. The world is full of wrongs, and mess and distress and horror. Who can really be blamed for wanting to dig their way down and live in a hole, or disappear into a cave and never be around humans again? If all people do is hurt each other?
William S. Burroughs, Interzone|Another Christmas PoemBlood Christmas, here again.Let us raise a loving cup:Peace on earth, goodwill to men,And make them do the washing-up.
Shayla Orick|You should really smile more Miss.”  “Smiling Is overrated.” my voice as sharp as a knife, my voice deadpanned, as I sulked at the wall.
Sebastian Siegel|What wonder will I accomplish today? And how will it tie in to tomorrow and tomorrow, so that I may live as the hero I want to be? And today how will I seek and find the opportunity that scares me? An opportunity that has me harness some elements within that I may cross over the bridge into the other side of my existence; the one that’s begging to be unsettled, that greets the morning before the sun with a ferocious will to rise up, to inspire, to create laughter and tears from the uncovering of the magical self and the relief that I have given in to the excitingly scary, omega point pull to evolve.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|If chained is where you have been, your ams will always bear marks of the shackles. What you have to lose is your story, your own slant. You'll look at the scars on your arms and see mere ugliness, or you'll take great care to look away from them and see nothing. Either way, you have no words for the story of where you came from.
J. B. Priestley|Men love it. They have a sense of humor, whereas a lot of women are threatened or just don't get it.
Alex Morritt, Impromptu Scribe|As with all new inventions, there are upsides and downsides. The commercial drone is no exception. But until robust safeguards have been introduced to protect personal privacy from prying eyes in the skies, the true benefits to society of unmanned aerial vehicles will remain unrealised.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Her only thought was of getting away, as if she were carrying a live grenade from inside the house, so that when it exploded, it would destroy just herself.
Ben E. King|I am a passionate traveler, and from the time I was a child, travel formed me as much as my formal education. In order to appreciate cultures of another nation, one needs to go there, know the people and mingle with the culture of that country. One way to do that, if one is lucky enough, is to buy things from those cultures.
Shannon L. Alder|Make choices in life that don't leave people bitter, worse off or confused. Any choice that leads you to do this is a choice that didn't include God in the decision making process.
Stella Adler, The Art of Acting|When you snatch happiness in little bits, fits and starts, and lose it, like me, you become coarse, little by little, you become hateful.
Steve Almond|Google's colourful, playful logo is imprinted on human retinas just under six billion times each day, 2.1 trillion times a year - an opportunity for respondent conditioning enjoyed by no other company in history.
James Rollins, The Bone Labyrinth|Just go look.That sentiment had been the driving force behind humanity's progress across the ages, a simple imperative fueled by our innate curiosity: to discover what was around the next bend, over the next horizon. It was that same inquisitiveness that impelled us to explore who we are, where we came from, and where we are headed next.
Gavin Mills, Dup Departs: A Time to Go|What differentiates brother most from brother and beast is neither purpose, perspective nor prowess. It is simply intent.
OMOSOHWOFA CASEY|Majority is not always right. The fact that many people are in support of a wrong thing does not make the thing right. After all, the number of persons who with poor reasoning capacity is higher than those with better reasoning capacity.I don't read or care about majority's stance on a particular issue before expressing mine. I look at issues critically before expressing mine, not minding the reaction of majority.There are more foolish people than there are wise people. People who think deeply and critically are fewer compared to those with poor thinkingI can handle majority but can't handle my conscience
Debasish Mridha|To be a best friend, the best word to live by is reciprocity.
Gisclerc Morisset|Forgiveness can be viewed as love, But love doesn't always guarantee forgiveness.
Keith Collier|Violence always leads to pain" Trendal Malian- Ishtaria: Prince of Blades
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|The black world was expanding before me, and I could see now that that world was more than a photonegative of that of the people who believe they are white. "White America" is a syndicate arrayed to protect its exclusive power to dominate and control our bodies. Sometimes this power is direct (lynching), and sometimes it is insidious (redlining). But however it appears, the power of domination and exclusion is central to the belief in being white, and without it, "white people" would cease to exist for want of reasons.
Sarah Brocious, Provocation: a lesson in trust|I don't want you to go back to Miami already."	"You don't? You could have your house all to yourself." Her voice was whisper soft.	"I don't want my house all to myself. I like you in it. I like watching the yoga."	"You could get cable. They have lots of yoga shows on cable."	He moved a little closer, and she stretched her legs out in front of her. "It would be quite the same as watching it live," he said.
Joe Rogan|We are in a tech-heavy society, plunging headlong into an unknown future. Science fiction is what allows you to stand back and analyze the impact of that and put it in context of how it affects people.
Heidi Cullinan, Love Lessons|Yellowdog, where does sorrow go?”He held his heart. “Lives here, in each of us.
Isaac Marion, The New Hunger|Life is short. Life is uncertain. But we know that we have today. And we have each other. I believe that for each of us, there is a place on the frontlines.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Truth does not need publicity, lies do.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|He was talking about the sign that said 'THE COMPLICATED FUTILITY OF IGNORANCE.''All knew was that I didn't want my daughter or anybody's child to see a message that negative every time she comes into the library,' he said. 'And then I found out it was you who was responsible for it.''What's so negative about it?' I said.'What could be a more negative word than "futility"?' he said.'"Ignorance,"' I said.
Mike Jay, A Visionary Madness: The Case of James Tilly Matthews and the Influencing Machine|If history is written by the victors, conspiracy theory is typically written by the losers, and there were few greater losers in the revolution than the French church and especially the Jesuits.
C.M. Spivey, From Under the Mountain|In a way, the books were protection. An escape she would always have access to.A sanctuary, there for when she needed it.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|If you count all forms of involuntary displacement—formal and informal evictions, landlord foreclosures, building condemnations—you discover that between 2009 and 2011 more than 1 in 8 Milwaukee renters experienced a forced move.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|Don't make changes to suit others, stay true to yourself.
Cary Fukunaga|People need to get out and do some more exercise, especially children who are stuck inside with computers.
David Archuleta, Chords of Strength: A Memoir of Soul, Song and the Power of Perseverance|I like to believe that you don't need to reach a certain goal to be happy. I prefer to think that happiness is always there, and that when things don't go the way we might like them to, it's a sign from above that something even better is right around the corner.
Joseph Campbell|I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door.
Bertolt Brecht, The Resistible Rise of Arturo Ui|If we could learn to look instead of gawking,We'd see the horror in the heart of farce,If only we could act instead of talking,We wouldn't always end up on our arse.This was the thing that nearly had us mastered;Don't yet rejoice in his defeat, you men!Although the world stood up and stopped the bastard,The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
Marvin Hagler|Cities all over the world are getting bigger as more and more people move from rural to urban sites, but that has created enormous problems with respect to environmental pollution and the general quality of life.
Daniel Gilbert|I am Gabrielle Anwar: mother, lover, daughter, sister, friend, and creator in the pursuit of happiness.
Julie McSorley Marcus McSorley|But here in my hometown, history was like a fine dust that settled out on everything. There was nothing to counter it. The culture had been hardened by a religion suspect of joy, yet fascinated by sin. Its moral acceptance of slavery eroded compassion. And gentility became a necessary pretense to cover the resentment created long ago when the North’s industrial prestige trumped the agrarian South. It was not an easy place to feel lighthearted or triumphant. Nor was it an easy place to remember the beauty of wonder and awe.
Benjamin Franklin|If Jack's in love, he's no judge of Jill's beauty.
John Zea|Many people will tell that it is not for a man to cry, but they may not know how is to feel your head empty and only tears will come out to stand up for you.
Tanya  Anderson|A Spanish poet, Antonio Machado, once said: ‘Dijiste media verdad. Dirán que mientes dos veces si dices la otra mitad.’”“Translated means…”“You told a half-truth. They’ll say you lie twice when you tell the other half.
Sheri Dew, Worth the Wrestle|Latchkey! I mean . . . I want to talk to you . . .'	He fell silent, glancing behind him and shifting from foot to foot, his waterproof trousers rattling like the bulls' bladders that boys use to learn swimming. Sterlingov angrily spat out his cigarette.	'Well? What about?'	'A . . . about a secret matter ,' Alyoshka whispered.	Dozens of ears floated around them in the dust waves; the whisper was heard, and it ran on like a spark along a gunpowder wick. Alyoshka's secret message, the mysterious special clothing, the deacon's catastrophe-all this was too much. The atmosphere was charged with thousands of volts, and something was needed to discharge the electricity, to clear the air. ("X")
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Many people say that psychiatrists just want to push drugs. Well I seriously have to say, without medication, I’d be locked up in a VA hospital somewhere.
Samuel Johnson|Perhaps the excellence of aphorisms consists not so much in the expression of some rare or abstruse sentiment, as in the comprehension of some obvious and useful truth in a few words.We frequently fall into error and folly, not because the true principles of action are not known, but because, for a time, they are not remembered; and he may therefore be justly numbered among the benefactors of mankind who contracts the great rules of life into short sentences, that may be easily impressed on the memory, and taught by frequent recollection to recur habitually to the mind.
Eoin Colfer, Artemis Fowl|Knock yourself out... Or rather, don't.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Even to me the issue of "stay small, sweet, quiet, and modest" sounds like an outdated problem, but the truth is that women still run into those demands whenever we find and use our voices.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 5|The Lord has made all things for Himself (Prov.xvi.4): apart from Himself there existed nothing to make them for. He made them for His own sake, for His own pleasure. But it was His pleasure to bring into existence things that could take pleasure in existence. For our sakes He made us for His sake. To us there is something mysterious in an altruism so total, but something exciting in the mystery. Among all the mysteries, many are greater, but it is hard to think of one more pleasing.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|His sudden mad love for Sibyl Vane was a psychological phenomenon of no small interest. There was no doubt that curiosity had much to do with it, curiosity and the desire for new experiences; yet it was not a simple but rather a very complex passion.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|One difference is that individuals living in multilingual communities seem to settle on an optimal cognitive load. The hyperpolyglot possesses a similar patchwork of linguistic proficiencies. Yet he or she exceeds this optimum with a conspicuous consumption of brain power (...) For multilinguals, learning languages is an act of joining society. There's no motive, no separable 'will to plasticity' that's distinct from what it means to be a part of that society. Being a hyperpolyglot means exactly the opposite. The hyperpolyglot's pursuit of many languages may be a bridge to the rest of the world, but it walls him off from his immediate language community.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Who else but a lover retains the ability to wound the other person with such passion, such precision? And who else but that lover has the capacity to heal what he or she has done?
Georges-Louis Leclerc, Comte de Buffon|Man is a marble piece; unlike Michelangelo's masterpieces, man is unconsciously carved and imperfectly shaped by the nature!
Elie Wiesel, Dawn|I can see lights in the distance trembling in the dark cloak of nightCandles and lanterns are dancing, dancing a waltz on All Souls Night.
Amanda Palmer, The Art of Asking; or, How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Let People Help|Love will cost you dearly.And it will break your heart.But in the end, it will save the world.
Vic Fuentes|I'm very open and honest, and I feel like it's important for women to hear that we're not perfect; none of us are perfect. And sometimes we aspire to have these ideas in our heads of what perfection is, and I probably would've been better off if I'd left myself alone.
Robert Wesley Miller|ITS nomimal without all on transfer of regard, that weight of a measure of lines cannot be equal in comparison. The want of privacy is a need of personality not character. Only through devotional love not modernity can you coolect the past, present and future. Timeless is not what you think or hear. Patience is not any big reveal. Never see make how all free?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|There was a moment when any hope within me froze solid and I was finally emptied of all energy to fight the cold. And at the very point of that very surrender, when I became convinced that I must bow to a world that would be forever frigid, God cupped the hands of my soul and poured in the warmth of Christmas.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|It could have been a second, an hour, a year, a hundred millennia; all were correct. The first thing I saw when my wits returned was the utter shock in Sethian’s eyes. It had been my thought that the experience was the elf’s doing. His expression was telling me I couldn’t have been more wrong.
C.G. Jung, Modern Man in Search of a Soul|I have treated many hundreds of patients. Among those in the second half of life - that is to say, over 35 - there has not been one whose problem in the last resort was not that of finding a religious outlook on life. It is safe to say that every one of them fell ill because he had lost that which the living religions of every age have given their followers, and none of them has really been healed who did not regain his religious outlook.
Kenneth Eade, The Spy Files|If freedom isn't free and people's rights are being violated and suppressed, then Governments have NO need to exist.
Vivek Wadhwa|For the blue-collar worker, the driving force behind change was factory automation using programmable machine tools. For the office worker, it's office automation using computer technology: enterprise-resource-planning systems, groupware, intranets, extranets, expert systems, the Web, and e-commerce.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Trouble makes us one with every human being in the world - and unless we touch others, we're out of touch with life.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|Spring, spring! Bytuene Mershe ant Averil, when spray biginneth to spring! When shaws be sheene and swards full fayre, and leaves both large and longe! When the hounds of spring are on winter’s traces, in the spring time, the only pretty ring time, when the birds do sing, hey-ding-a-ding ding, cuckoo, jug-jug, pu-wee, ta-witta-woo! And so on and so on and so on. See almost any poet between the Bronze Age and 1805.
Yasmina Khadra, The Attack|But she was so happy in her gilded cage, wasn’t she? She ate well, slept well, enjoyed herself She lacked nothing. And then, look, a bunch of mental cases turn her away from her happiness and send her to -- how did you put it? -- to ‘blow herself away’?. The good doctor lives next door to a war but he doesn’t want to hear a word about it. And he thinks his wife shouldn’t worry about it, either. … We’re at war. Some people take up arms; others twiddle their thumbs. And still others make a killing in the name of the Cause. That’s life. … Your wife chose her side. The happiness you offered her smelled of decay. It repulsed her, you get it? She didn’t want your happiness. She couldn’t work on her suntan while her people were bent under the Zionist yoke. Do I have to draw you a picture to make you understand, or do you refuse to look reality in the face?
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Thermodynamic miracles... events with odds against so astronomical they're effectively impossible, like oxygen spontaneously becoming gold. I long to observe such a thing.And yet, in each human coupling, a thousand million sperm vie for a single egg. Multiply those odds by countless generations, against the odds of your ancestors being alive; meeting; siring this precise son; that exact daughter... Until your mother loves a man she has every reason to hate, and of that union, of the thousand million children competing for fertilization, it was you, only you, that emerged. To distill so specific a form from that chaos of improbability, like turning air to gold... that is the crowning unlikelihood. The thermodynamic miracle.But...if me, my birth, if that's a thermodynamic miracle... I mean, you could say that about anybody in the world!.Yes. Anybody in the world. ..But the world is so full of people, so crowded with these miracles that they become commonplace and we forget... I forget. We gaze continually at the world and it grows dull in our perceptions. Yet seen from the another's vantage point. As if new, it may still take our breath away. Come...dry your eyes. For you are life, rarer than a quark and unpredictable beyond the dreams of Heisenberg; the clay in which the forces that shape all things leave their fingerprints most clearly. Dry your eyes... and let's go home.
Rick Riordan|In my own life, when I was most inspired by a teacher, it always involved a real dialogue, a looseness and a real caring and compassion. It was not without rigor, not without discipline, not without standards, but all that was done out of love.
Miit Anmol|Never test your friends, You will be ashamed or disappointed.
|The only person that you should try to be better than, is nobody else but your old self.
W. E. B. Du Bois|It's kind of major, learning to drive. I feel like it kicked up other stuff in my life.
Lydia Lunch|I believe happiness is a chemical imbalance––it's a silly thing to strive for. But, satisfaction––if you seek satisfaction you can succeed.
Cory Gardner|Our country needs a new generation of leadership, and I believe that Marco Rubio presents this nation with the greatest possibilities and opportunities to meet the challenges of the next generation.
Inga Simpson, Where the Trees Were|We were all grinning and everyone had their eyes open for once. Ian must have been moving - his hand was blurred. It was exactly how I imagined us, right down to Kieran's arm around me and the peace sign he was making above Matty's head. The big carving was behind us, and the other trees leaned into the picture, like giant people.Then a cloud went over the sun and Ian said he had better get going. I wished we had taken five pictures so that we could all have a copy. When I looked at the image again, the colours had already started to fade, as if it was a moment we could never have back.
|Too many people are quick to dream big, but slow to act on it.
Shiv Malhotra|It's okay to feel like shit. It's okay to feel worthless. It's okay to feel insignificant. It's okay to miss someone you can't have. It's okay to have a tightness in your chest or a burning sensation on your arms or legs and it's okay to not want to eat or sleep or just overall hurt yourself or worse. It's okay to feel like your world is crashing down and it's okay to feel like you can't do this. But the point is that you try. And no matter who you are, or what age you are. Whether you're my ex from third grade (if I had one) or a random three year old who's just had a bad day. If you're 56 and your wife just divorced you and you just wanna think or get advice or anything. I'll be here. It's okay to think you're a whore, but you aren't. It's okay to feel really dumb. But I'll do my best to convince you otherwise. Cuz I can't do much, I can't. I can't completely understand what you're feeling. And I'm sorry about that. But I can sure as hell try. And I'll try my very best.
Evo Morales|We want to talk to celebrities about the things celebrities don't normally talk about. Like, we'd love to get Kim Kardashian to talk to us about finance. She is a businesswoman, after all.
J.A. ANUM|No baby, you didn't hurt me. You wrecked me. Know the difference.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Fare well we call to hearth and hallThough wind may blow and rain may fallWe must away ere break of dayOver the wood and mountain tallTo Rivendell where Elves yet dwellIn glades beneath the misty fellThrough moor and waste we ride in hasteAnd wither then we cannot tellWith foes ahead behind us dreadBeneath the sky shall be our bedUntil at last our toil be spedOur journey done, our errand spedWe must away! We must away!We ride before the break of day!
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|We feel that, for the honour of God (and also, though we do not say this, for the sake of our own reputation as spiritual Christians), it is necessary for us to claim that we are, so to speak, already in the signal-box, here and now enjoying the inside information as to the why and wherefore of God’s doings. This comforting pretence becomes part of us: we feel sure that God has enabled us to understand all His ways with us and our circle thus far, and we take if for granted that we shall be able to see at once the reason for anything that may happen to us in the future. And then something very painful and quite inexplicable comes along, and our cheerful illusion of being in God’s secret councils is shattered. Our pride is wounded; we feel that God has slighted us; and unless at this point we repent, and humble ourselves very thoroughly for our former presumption, our whole subsequent spriritual life may be blighted.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Swords|He's a well known entrepreneur. His products have changed the world. He created the world's largest personal-computer software company. He's written more than 10 books, built a Fortune 100 company and fought to eradicate poverty and disease. Yet people hate him. He's a regular recipient of hatred on the internet and in his public life. That hatred is often times brutal and uncalled for.
Criss Jami|Even as good shone upon the countenance of the one, evil was written broadly and plainly on the face of the other. Evil besides (which I must still believe to be the lethal side of man) had left on that body an imprint of deformity and decay. And yet when I looked upon that ugly idol in the glass, I was conscious of no repugnance, rather of a leap of welcome. This, too, was myself.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, the soul is stretch to find its full strength.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Without a doubt, the most ingenious plan I could ever hope to devise would be to trade my plans for God’s.
Pema Chödrön, Comfortable with Uncertainty: 108 Teachings on Cultivating Fearlessness and Compassion|It's helpful to always remind yourself that meditation is about opening and relaxing withwhatever arises, without picking and choosing.
Louise Erdrich, The Round House|Women don't realize how much store men set on the regularity of their habits. We absorb their comings and goings into our bodies, their rhythms into our bones.
Shelly Bell, At His Mercy|Have you ever been properly fucked, Angel?” he asked, his voice like a caress she felt all over her body. “Has any man ever made you so crazy you thought you’d die if you didn’t get his cock inside of you? If you couldn’t feel his fingers digging into your thighs as he spread you open and devoured you whole? Have you ever come over and over, so hard and so many times you couldn’t be sure where one ended and the other began?” His thumb plunged into her mouth, sliding over her tongue, before retreating. “Not. Properly. Fucked.
Theodora Goss|Learn as much as you can. Take every opportunity to learn about writing, whether it’s through classes, workshops, whatever is available to you. This may be difficult, because things like classes, workshops, writing programs, require time and money. But I say this honestly and somewhat harshly – if you’re not willing to prioritize your writing, perhaps you should do something else?
Jose Guerra Sison|I'm not afraid of death really, just what comes after.
Thomm Quackenbush, Don't Stop Believing|You know about witches, wizards. You can envision dragons, even if you presently think you are above believing in them. You doubt magic, but you have a word for it. Isn't that a strangeness that wears at you? All these things that you know all about, but you think you are above. Did you used to be able to shape the spell children use to find lost things in the grass? Did you always know to look at the sky, at stars, when you make your wishes? Who taught you the things your soul has always known?
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|God send a one person for you, never miss the chance , who make you queen and do-did everything for your smile without any selfiness....
Christopher Hitchens, Love, Poverty, and War: Journeys and Essays|I have not been able to discover whether there exists a precise French equivalent for the common Anglo-American expression 'killing time.' It's a very crass and breezy expression, when you ponder it for a moment, considering that time, after all, is killing us.
Debasish Mridha|When I was earning, saving, and spending, I felt poor. When I started to give away some of my earning for good purposes, abundance filled my heart.
Barack Obama|Even the smallest act of service, the simplest act of kindness, is a way to honor those we lost; a way to reclaim that spirit of unity that followed 9/11.
Nick Saban|Past success is no guarantee of future success, so I have learned to be an entrepreneur. I began to produce and direct my own projects.
Donna Woolfolk Cross, Pope Joan|I do not always know what I want, but I do know what I don't want.
Boris Pasternak|And why is it, thought Lara, that my fate is to see everything and take it all so much to heart?
Margaret Atwood, Bluebeard's Egg|It's not how long you live somewhere that makes it home. Home is a feeling here, (she tapped on the chest). That you belong somewhere and somewhere belongs to you. But i will tell you a secret. Some people don't feel they belong anywhere. No matter where they are, they are always unhappy. They go from place to place trying to find peace. And usually they find themselves back where they started.
Thomas Mann|We're dying of boredom, Corporal, that's the problem.' [Blend] 'If boredom was fatal there wouldn't be a soldier alive on this whole world, Blend.' [Picker]
G.G. Collins|The vase was placed upon my desk, and there were orange-blossoms in it—orange-blossoms, in an English winter!
Aryn Kyle, Boys and Girls Like You and Me: Stories|And in that foggy place between sleep and waking, he could have been anyone. That was what she liked most about him: In the darkness, he became whomever she wanted.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|I propose to speak about fairy-stories, though I am aware that this is a rash adventure. Faërie is a perilous land, and in it are pitfalls for the unwary and dungeons for the overbold.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|I don't know what God intends, or what qualifies Him to forgive me,' Sobran said
Sarah Perry, The Essex Serpent|Luke diagnosed himself to be in love, and sought no cure for the disease.
Emmanuel Macron|When it comes to matters of war and peace, we must not act rashly.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|If it pleases Him to bid our patience exercise itself, shall He not do as He wills with His own!
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|Your spirit knows your purpose, your calling, and your highest potential. It may come as that inner voice that nudges you, saying "There's something bigger out there for you. You have a larger purpose. LISTEN.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|I wondered if Grover could still read my emotions, mixed up as they were.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|I understand it was Derian who spoiled everything. He purposefully tainted your view of me and forced you to go along with him. I know none of what happened was your idea or your desire, Eena.”She didn’t get up, but spoke from her curled position. Her voice was weak, still heavy with despair. “Derian didn’t force me to do anything.”“But if he hadn’t influenced you, we would be enjoying a pleasant dinner again, telling stories and laughing. I’m sure that would be the case. You would be happy……and so would I.”Eena chuckled without amusement.“You have to admit we shared some very enjoyable evenings, didn’t we? There’s really no reason we can’t put this whole mess behind us and start from where we left off.” He sounded genuinely serious.“You forget,” she reminded him, “I heard your conversation with the Ghengats. This isn’t about Derian, it’s about you.”“Alright,” he admitted with an acquiescent sigh, “so I’m not everything you’d hoped for. But really, what man can ever live up to any woman’s terribly high expectations?”This got her attention. She almost stood up to face him, but decided it wasn’t worth the effort. Leaning forward, she retorted, “Expecting a man to respect you, to be honest with you, and, oh yes, to not be a shameless murderer—I don’t think those are overly high expectations!”He shrugged, casually excusing his faults. “Nobody’s perfect.”“What do you want?” she finally asked, exasperated.He squatted to her level and stated his desire. “I want you.”Eena thought the expression on his face—the look in his weary blue eyes—appeared strangely sincere. But there was one thing she had learned from all this: never trust a master of deceit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Human strength fails, but the divinity within strength en the soul.
Hal Herzog, Some We Love, Some We Hate, Some We Eat: Why It's So Hard to Think Straight About Animals|The researchers found that nearly every change they made was followed by a temporary uptick in performance, even when it involved simply undoing a previous change. They concluded that the increases in worker productivity were not due to better lighting or better pay or longer breaks per se. They were just temporary improvements caused by a change in routine.
|You have to first position yourself with the right level of mannerism, before others could see a reason to respect you.
Jerry Lewis|There is probably a perverse pride in my administration... that we were going to do the right thing, even if short-term it was unpopular. And I think anybody who's occupied this office has to remember that success is determined by an intersection in policy and politics and that you can't be neglecting of marketing and P.R. and public opinion.
Lora Leigh, Dangerous Pleasure|I tell Ki that I'm learning about words and stories to help our family. He says he's protecting our family with his knife. Who is right? Which is best, protecting with words or with his knife?"  She is instant, certain, and solemn, and there is no misunderstanding her meaning. "Fight ignorance with words. Fight evil with your knife. Tell you husband, Ki, that he is right.
Joseph Stalin|i am not a millionaire son " but i make my son become the , millionaire son. by jostalin
Alexander Herzen|Compassionate love may be strong. It sobs, it burns, then it wipes away its tears – and it does nothing.
RVM|One who lives with Faith says IT WILL HAPPEN, while the one who lives without it asks WILL IT HAPPEN?
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Spiritual Warfare|Aggression like this demanded slinging the first punch in a bar brawl, firing rounds at a range, or setting a car on fire.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No art is silent! Because art is an original idea and every original idea speaks, every interesting thought screams, every art talks, every art screams! No art is silent! If it is silent, then it is not an art!
John Keats, The Complete Poems|Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheardAre sweeter; therefore, ye soft pipes, play on.
Herta Müller|He came up flailing and sputtering and began to thrash his way toward the line of willows that marked the submerged creek bank. He could not swim, but how would you drown him? His wrath seemed to buoy him up. Some halt in the way of things seems to work here. See him. You could say that he's sustained by his fellow men, like you. Has peopled the shore with them calling to him. A race that gives suck to the maimed and the crazed, that wants their wrong blood in its history and will have it. But they want this man's life. He has heard them in the night seeking him with lanterns and cries of execration. How then is he borne up? Or rather, why will not these waters take him?
Carl Van Doren|Yes, it's hard to write, but it's harder not to.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|My people have more know-how in dealing with money than any other people on earth. It is not just a stereotype. I have traveled the world, and everywhere I go, Jews are always represented within the wealthiest sector of people in their countries. During the last 2,000 years, Jews have been expelled or turned away from almost every country in the world, but over and over again, they have been able to re-settle, start from nothing, and build significant wealth in new lands.
Susan Meissner, Secrets of a Charmed Life|In the Western tradition there is a recognized hierarchy of beings, with, of course, the human being on top—the pinnacle of evolution, the darling of Creation—and the plants at the bottom. But in Native ways of knowing, human people are often referred to as “the younger brothers of Creation.” We say that humans have the least experience with how to live and thus the most to learn—we must look to our teachers among the other species for guidance. Their wisdom is apparent in the way that they live. They teach us by example. They’ve been on the earth far longer than we have been, and have had time to figure things out.
Felicity Brandon, Erotic Fantasies|As I am still on duty at this moment, is there anything else I can do for you?” he continues.Images of him kissing me, disrobing me and fondling my entire body fill my mind… I push them away, although I know my face has coloured at the thought.“I have a few suggestions…” I murmur quietly, staring into his smouldering blue eyes. “But I am not sure they fall into a butler’s remit.”“Perhaps you’d be surprised at the lengths I’m prepared to go to in order to keep you happy, madam,” he replies, winking at me.
Dave Morris|We know that once we stop learning and call ourselves learned, we become useless members of the scientific society.
Gerald F. Lieberman|As we returned to Argentina, I started seriously to work towards a doctoral degree under the direction of Professor Stoppani, the Professor of Biochemistry at the Medical School.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|If you were crossing the road and saw a black cat passing, you may possibly get hit by a car, or a mail boy or the sky could rain in summer, possibly snow. Those were theories, none of them were true. It was like karma; it only happens to you if you believed in them. Myths, Cecilia called them. The guy looked frozen. This is silly, she thought. He could not be that affected by the cat. Cecilia had been working here for a year and she wasn’t struck by lightning, she was alive, of course, nobody chose the cat so this is why she was the oldest pet in the store.
Eraldo Banovac|Wherever you work, work hard and educate yourself continuously. You must never forget social welfare, ethics and honesty. However, there is no guarantee for your career progression. Therefore, don't expect that only the best people will be promoted.
John C. Wright, Transhuman and Subhuman: Essays on Science Fiction and Awful Truth|Imagine the same scene in HAMLET if Pullman had written it. Hamlet, using a mystic pearl, places the poison in the cup to kill Claudius. We are all told Claudius will die by drinking the cup. Then Claudius dies choking on a chicken bone at lunch. Then the Queen dies when Horatio shows her the magical Mirror of Death. This mirror appears in no previous scene, nor is it explained why it exists. Then Ophelia summons up the Ghost from Act One and kills it, while she makes a speech denouncing the evils of religion. Ophelia and Hamlet are parted, as it is revealed in the last act that a curse will befall them if they do not part ways.
Kelly Barnhill, Iron Hearted Violet|Iff replied that the Plentimaw Fishes were what he called 'hunger artists' — 'Because when they are hungry they swallow stories through every mouth, and in their innards miracles occur; a little bit of one story joins on to an idea from another, and hey presto, when they spew the stories out they are not the old tales but new ones. Nothing comes from nothing, Thieflet; no story comes from nowhere; new stories are born from old — it is the new combinations that make them new.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|It is a great priviledge to hear from the mouth of an initiate what struggles we are ensnared in and what the meaning is of the sacrifices we are required to make before veiled images. Even if we should hear something evil, it would still be a blessing to see our task as something beyond a senseless cycle of recurrence.
Michael Bassey Johnson|One could say that someone who does nothing but wait is like a glutton whose digestive system processes great masses of food without extracting any useful nourishment. One could go further and say that just as undigested food does not strengthen a man, time spent in waiting does not age him.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|But if everything was always smooth and perfect, you'd get too used to that, you know? You have to have a little bit of disorganization now and then. Otherwise, you'll never really enjoy it when things go right.
Sam Crescent, Ugly|ANSON: I guess we’re all monsters.KAYLEE: Yeah, well, humans can be monsters, too...
Adam Grant|Without trust, the most essential element of innovation - conflict - becomes impossible.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If I stick to the Bible and preach the principles and the teachings of the Bible, and quote the Bible, it has an impact of its own.
Jan Zwicky, Songs for Relinquishing the Earth|Love, I'm pretty sure, is light.
Osunsakin Adewale|To be a successful general one must be prayful, faithful and work hard
Joss Whedon|Bottom line is, even if you see 'em coming, you're not ready for the big moments. No one asks for their life to change, not really. But it does. So what are we, helpless? Puppets? No. The big moments are gonna come. You can't help that. It's what you do afterwards that counts. That's when you find out who you are.
Sanjeev Himachali|Of all fragrances, the sweetest is that of virtue.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|Hi, I'm Day.Hi, I'm June
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|Even while we hate, we still have that deep unusual  compassion for our rivals, and they hate it when they realize that we are feeling sorry for them.
Deyth Banger|We don't get to choose what or whom we love, I want to say. We just don't get to choose.
Ricky Schroder|Arsenal have won that advantage, nobody gave it to them. By playing fantastic football and by winning matches and by winning trophies, they won that respect that the opponent has for them.
Stephen Richards|Serenity within the chaos of life is there to be discovered, just look within yourself for it.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Do not demean yourself by stating the ridiculous," Grimalkin replied smoothly. Just because my species is vastly superior does not mean you should flaunt your idiocy freely. I know why you are here, dog.""Really", Puck called, craning his head to look up at the cat. "Well then, would you like to share your theory, furball?
Carole Glickfeld, Swimming Toward the Ocean: A Novel|Gamache watched the old poet. He knew what was looming behind the Mountain. What crushed all before it. The thing the Hermit most feared. The Mountain most feared.Conscience....Which is why, Gamache knew, it was vital to be aware of actions in the present. Because the present became the past, and the past grew. And got up, and followed you.And found you ...Who wouldn't be afraid of this?
Jack Kornfield, For a Future to Be Possible: Buddhist Ethics for Everyday Life|Start living right here, in each present moment. When we stop dwelling on the past or worrying about the future, we're open to rich sources of information we've been missing out on—information that can keep us out of the downward spiral and poised for a richer life.
Lisa Bedrick, On Christian Hot Topics|I think the skin revolution for women, I will call it, really all started with Mariah Carey. Madonna was pretty risqué too, but she was pretty much always known as a "bad girl." Mariah was a good girl, supposedly Christian, turning very bad, in the late 90's. So then, all the other little girls and teens and women across America thought it would be ok for them to "come out" too essentially, or flaunt whatever they had. Modesty went completely out the window for many women, starting in the late 90's.
Nate Pyle, Man Enough: How Jesus Redefines Manhood|Rather than trying to prove our masculinity, we need to accept who we are in the spirit of the gospel. Instead of trying to live up to some cultural standard of manhood, we need to accept God’s grace, which says, “I accept you just as you are.” It is culture, not God, that alienates those who do not live up to the existing, narrow definition of manhood.
Nick Lappos|I had no answer to those questions, only hope. With absolutely no one to turn to, no Mikey, no Axe, no Danny, I have to face the final battle by myself, maybe lonely, maybe desolate, maybe against formidable odds. But I was not giving up.I had only one Teammate. And He moved, as ever, in mysterious ways. But I was a Christian, and He had somehow saved me from a thousand AK-47 bullets on that day. No one had shot me, which was well nigh beyond all comprehension.
Dave Champion|The most urgent necessity is, not that the State should teach, but that it should allow education. All monopolies are detestable, but the worst of all is the monopoly of education.
Hugh Jackman|When Gingrich attacked CNN's John King for bringing up his alleged proposal of an open marriage to his second wife, Gingrich accused him of lowering the level of discourse in a presidential debate, suggesting that such a discussion is unworthy of consideration by voters.
Robert J. Sawyer, Mindscan|Gone. and it was completely. Everyone I'd every known, every place I'd ever been. My Mother. My father. Rebecca. Out of site. Out of mind.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|Satanism is developing two circles, an elitist group which I always intended my church to be, and the faddists who are becoming Satanists because it’s the thing to do.
Ken Poirot, Go Viral!: The Social Media Secret to Get Your Name Posted and Shared All Over the World!|The first lesson in constructing viral content is having the strength, courage, and self-confidence to get in touch with your own feelings, thinking about what profoundly affects you.
Lina Wertmuller|I think 'Gatsby' is hobbled, in part, by its status as a Great American Novel. People kind of roll their eyes before they've even opened it, treat it with a 'been there, done that' attitude. I know I did. It took me years to re-open the novel and see how much I'd missed.
Gillibran Brown|We are all children in the dark, finding our way together to the light. Many define the light before the light is reached and fix on their defining. There in the dark they clamor for others to embrace their defining, demanding its elevation, and giving it names they claim as sacred. But all are still in the dark, distracted by so many claims to the one way out, all unseen, and fix their take with fear and penalty if not likewise elevated as the one and only way. Whereas I leave it open to what the opening will reveal. Layered writing is my tool to enable the opening to widen, and it is our consciousness, not our physical form that has trouble squeezing through the passageway to the way out of the dark, while so many call out in the dark they know the way, rather than allowing the way to reveal itself. Watch the silent ones, calm in demeanor, who are experienced at leaving ways open, in order to find it. They listen and feel their way, in different ways and on different levels. These have no following to create the clamor, nor seek the glamour the clamor brings. They are simply wise because they leave it open to what the opening may become, rather than what they have been fed from birth, they birth in solitude what might be, allowing layers of ways to formulate and in that way follow in their minds and hearts a revealed and reveled light yet unseen.
Cassandra Clare|So when the moon's only partly full, you only feel a little wolfy?" "You could say that.""Well, you can go ahead and hang your head out the car window if you feel like it.""I'm a werewolf, not a golden retriever.
Johnathan Jena|Darkness is but a door, scary not because it opens, but out of fear that it will never close
Amy Mowafi, Fe-mail 2|...if I have a daughter I will tell her she can do anything, and I will mean it, because I have no other intention of informing her otherwise. As my mother did with me, and my mother's mother before her, I shall simply hide the truth from her. I will tell her that despite what others may whisper, there is no difference between her and any boy. I will tell her to work her hardest and try her best. And that if one day she looks around and finds that, despite her very best efforts, lesser men have superseded her, then she probably could have done better. These words may not be true, nor will they be fair, but I would hope that they ensure she never becomes a victim of her own femininity. I hope she will be empowered to pick herself up, study harder, work longer, and exceed her own expectations. I don't want my daughter to break any glass ceilings. I'd rather she never even contemplated their existence. Because glass ceilings, closed doors, and boys clubs are notions, they're ideas, and they're not tangible. You can't see, touch, or feel them. They can only exercise power over us if we choose to believe in them. So why lay down your own gauntlet? The cliche rings true, if you reach for the moon, you might just land on the stars. Throw a glass ceiling into the works, and it can only get in the way. And I suspect that deep down, every woman who ever truly excelled thought exactly this way. I doubt they ever gave much thought to the fact that they are women. I think they just really wanted to rock out. And they did; louder, harder, and better than anyone else around them. And at some point down the line, enough people took note.
Amit Kalantri|Dreams can only be seen with open eyes, what you see while you asleep are nightmares.
Sophocles, Oedipus Rex|Charm me into giving you the red M&Ms. They’re my favorite.'I looked Hades in the eyes. 'Give me the red M&Ms.''Still not good enough.''Give me the damn M&Ms,"'I snapped.He snickered. 'That wasn’t very charming.
Paul Ryan|Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony.
Henri Frederic Amiel|A sure way to lose happiness, I found, is to want it at the expense of everything else.
George Horne|Patience strengthens the spirit, sweetens the temper, stifles anger, extinguishes envy, subdues pride, bridles the tongue.
V.S. Naipaul|What matters in the end in literature, what is always there, is the truly good. And -- though played out forms can throw up miraculous sports like The Importance of Being Earnest or Decline and Fall-- what is good is always what is new, in both form and content. What is good forgets whatever models it might have had, and is unexpected; we have to catch it on the wing. ((p. 62, Reading & Writing)
Chrisper Malamsha|Anzia popote pale ulipo kwa chochote ulichonacho,Ipo siku utakuwa mtu fulan uliyetaman kuwa kwa miaka mingi
Warren Zevon, Reconsider Me: The Love Songs|You used to be the best to make life be real to me,and I hope that you're still out there and you're like you used to be
Jordan Lapaan|Beguildy looked at me over the rim of a great measure of mead. 'Saddle your dreams afore you ride 'em, my wench,' he said.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|If you want to call it quits, just tell me. Man up and say it to my face. Don’t just skulk around.
Haley Barbour|For many my behavior has been a major disappointment, my behavior has caused considerable worry to my business partners, and everyone involved in my business, but most importantly to the young people we influence, I apologize.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|the deepest subjective experiences are also the most universal, because through them one reaches the universal source of life.
Mitt Romney|We - we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness and we need brain in this country to turn it around.
Isaac Asimov, The Stars, Like Dust|The insufferable arrogance of human beings to think that Nature was made solely for their benefit, as if it was conceivable that the sun had been set afire merely to ripen men's apples and head their cabbages.
Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton|I love you with everything I am, everything I've been, and everything I hope to be. I love you with my past, and I love you for my future. I love you for the children we'll have and for the years we'll have together. I love you for every one of my smiles and even more, for every one of your smiles.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I'm convinced that most men don't know what they believe, rather, they only know what they wish to believe. How many people blame God for man's atrocities, but wouldn't dream of imprisoning a mother for her son's crime?
Lauren Kate, Waterfall|Letting go is one of the most difficult experiences to deal with whether it's right or wrong. So make the most of every moment you've been gifted with. To whoever you initiate contact with and wherever, try to leave a positive impression. To whoever you have the power to make smile, exploit that power as often and best as you can, because when every other material thing fades, it's those memories that keep us alive
Jostein Gaarder, The Orange Girl|Look at the world, Georg, look at the world before you've filled yourself with too much physics and chemistry.
Swami Vivekananda|The great secret of true success, of true happiness, is this: the man or woman who asks for no return, the perfectly unselfish person, is the most successful.
Preeti Shenoy, It Happens for a Reason|Sometimes, it is best that the past stays buried.
James Salter|When your womb quickens again, and you bear a living child, then he will return, and not before.
Abraham Lincoln|"Brave admiral  say but one good word: What shall we do when hope is gone?" The words leapt like a leaping sword: "Sail on! sail on! and on!"
Bernardo Bertolucci|I thought it would be a funny concept to publish a book about stand-up comedy with Faber, the poetry publisher, and to apply to stand-up the same sort of weight of annotation that you would to a classic work of literature, an epic poem. I thought that would be funny.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, Yes Prime Minister: A Play|Jim Is there no other way?  	Claire We could just say no to him.  	Jim Can’t risk that. Collapse of conference, collapse of backbench support, collapse of Cabinet. Collapse of my career. The biggest disaster since Dunkirk.  	Humphrey I think not, Prime Minister.  	Jim Name a bigger one.  	Humphrey The Freedom of Information Act.
Gavin Newsom, Citizenville: Connecting People and Government in the Digital Age|There's a huge misconception that innovation is mostly about inventing or coming up with cool new things. More often than not, innovation is about figuring out what people really need or want but can't have or afford.
Manoj Arora, Happiness Unlimited: How to be happy always|You can either grow or degenerate. Either of these is happening all around you, all the time. There is nothing called a "safe comfort zone". This is a convenient name depicting the process of degeneration.
Sean Black, Deadlock|Chance looked up at him, her dark grey eyes out. 'I knew you were gonna be like this.''How'd you know?' Reaper said, reaching out and putting his arm around her shoulders.'I am my father's daughter, ain't I?' said Chance.Reaper smiled. 'You sure as hell you are.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be kind and compassionate to all beings. Everyone wants to enjoy their lives, everyone has sufferings, and everyone wants peace and happiness.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries with Kids: When to Say Yes, When to Say No to Help Your Children Gain Control of Their Lives|Kids are flat-out freaking hilarious if you are paying attention. Not just my kid, but every kid.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|All she captures is a moment and what she calls it is a memory,Sometimes, it is assumptions that we use; all we need is a theory,Because you don’t know what is there in the future,And all you need is a vision to make a perfect picture.I feel that I have known you for a century,And whatever she calls is a memory.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|If government half a century ago had provided us with all our dinners and breakfasts, it would be the practice of our orators today to assume the impossibility of our providing for ourselves.
Suzanne Weyn|Maybe all the events of the last few months had occured for just one reason - to bring Thad and me together. Perhaps our being here on the Titanic wasn't pre-destination, but rather, destiny.
Saint Ambrose|Anger is just not who I am, and I don't think it's what voters in the 6th district want. They want respectful, decent representation that contrasts so starkly with what we have in Washington.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Yet what keeps me from dissolving right now into a complete fairy-tale shimmer is this solid truth, a truth which has veritably built my bones over the last few years--I was not rescued by a prince; I was the administrator of my own rescue.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|My reading list grows exponentially. Every time I read a book, it'll mention three other books I feel I have to read. It's like a particularly relentless series of pop-up ads.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|I have attended church regularly since I was less than a week old. I've listened to sermons about virtue, sermons against vice. I have heard about money, time management, tithing, abstinence, and generosity. I've listened to thousands of sermons. But I could count on one hand the number of sermons that were a simple proclamation of the gospel of Christ.
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|Make foes of bowmen if you must,Never of penmen.
N.K. Jemisin, The Fifth Season|The place I like best in this world is the kitchen. No matter where it is, no matter what kind, if it’s a kitchen, if it’s a place where they make food, it’s fine with me. Ideally it should be well broken in. Lots of tea towels, dry and immaculate. Where tile catching the light (ting! Ting!)
Tony-Paul de Vissage|If you hold a cat by the tail, you learn things you can't learn any other way.--Mark Twain
Plato, The Republic|I still get plenty anxious. The weird thing, and the unpleasant surprise for me, of proceeding well into the middle, perhaps even post-prime of my career is that writing books has not got any easier. And that doesn't seem fair. I mean, I've been doing it so surely I should be getting better at it, at least a little bit blasé... And it seems to be working absolutely the opposite. This book [Big Brother] I had no confidence in the entirety of its composition, and I only decided I liked it when I finished the very final draft. This means I'm in a state of semi-misery for a long time. And I can't blithely seem either that's some little game I'm playing with myself because, you know, you can easily come along and you don't like what's you're writing for good reason. Right? So, yeah, it's very anxious making, I don't think it's so much the becoming a little more successful, I think it's becoming slightly more aware of how much has already been written, and just becoming less self-impressed as the years go by. More impressed with some people who are better than I am, but... It doesn't wow me that I can write a sentence any more. It has to be a really good sentence. And... I think that's what potentially leads to paralysis in late career, is a kind of killing humility.Politics & Prose Bookstore in Washington, DC, on June 11, 2013
Debasish Mridha|When a president's popularity grows, the he is doing wrong things.
Adam Langer, The Salinger Contract|...one could accept Muhammad as a genuine mystic—just as one could accept Joan of Arc's voices as having genuinely been heard by her, or the revelations of Saint John the Divine as being that troubled soul's 'real' experiences—without needing also to accept that, had one been standing next to the Prophet of Islam on Mount Hira that day, one would also have seen the Archangel.
Dejan Stojanovic|Art is apotheosis; often, the complaint of beauty.
Adrian Tchaikovsky, Dragonfly Falling|In Collegium it had been the fashion, while he had been resident there, to paint death as a grey-skinned, balding Beetle man in plain robes, perhaps with a doctor's bag but more often an artificer's toolstrip and apron, like the man who came in, at the close of the day, to put out the lamps and still the workings of the machines.Among his own people, death was a swift insect, gleaming black, its wings a blur - too fast to be outrun and too agile to be avoided, the unplumbed void in which he swam was but the depth of a single facet of its darkly jewelled eyes.
Sara Blakely|To me, you have to declare yourself a Chicano in order to be a Chicano. That makes a Chicano a Mexican-American with a defiant political attitude that centers on his or her right to self-definition. I'm a Chicano because I say I am.
John Stuart Mill, Considerations on Representative Government|To think that because those who wield power in society wield in the end that of government, therefore it is of no use to attempt to influence the constitution of the government by acting on opinion, is to forget that opinion is itself one of the greatest active social forces. One person with a belief is a social power equal to ninety-nine who have only interests.
Frank Lentricchia, The Sadness of Antonioni|No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Forsaken|My cheeks still bulging with wine, I properly scoped out the room. Mom? Check. Dad? Check. Ari? Check? Rabbi Abrams, here to perform the ceremony to induct my brother as the latest member in the Brotherhood of David, the chosen demon hunters? Check. I spit the wine back into what I now realized was a silver chalice and handed it to the elderly bearded rabbi. “Carry on,” I told him. Then I threw up on his shoes.
Dean Ornish|European nations began World War I with a glamorous vision of war, only to be psychologically shattered by the realities of the trenches. The experience changed the way people referred to the glamour of battle; they treated it no longer as a positive quality but as a dangerous illusion.
William Joseph Perry|The greater the level of calmness of our mind, the greater our peace of mind, the greater our ability to enjoy a happy and joyful life.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Rationality: From AI to Zombies|She plays chess from the passions and I play it from logic and she usually wins. Once, I took her queen and she hit me.”Though, he recalled, not sufficiently brutally to require that he tie her wrists together with his belt, force her to kneel and beat her until she toppled over sideways. She raised a strangely joyous face to him; the pallor of her skin and the almost miraculous lustre of her eyes startled and even awed him.
James Joyce, Finnegans Wake|For that (the rapt one warns) is what papyr is meed of, made of, hides and hints and misses in prints.
Laura Dern|So far as I am concerned, I could not be accused of having set eyes, or having wished to set eyes, upon Darius' wife: on the contrary, I have refused even to listen to those who spoke to me of her beauty.
Edmund White|Gay life is this object out there that’s waiting to be written about. A lot of people think we’ve exhausted all the themes of gay fiction, but we’ve just barely touched on them.
Linda Morris, Just a Touch|Pride filled him. He'd put that soft look in her eye, the purr in her voice, and given her loose limbed ease.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|I want to fly like a butterfly around this beautiful world, till the last frame of my life and the last click of my heart.
Stewart Udall|Our globe is under new dramatic environmental pressure: our globe is warming, our ice caps melting, our glaciers receding, our coral is dying, our soils are eroding, our water tables falling, our fisheries are being depleted, our remaining rainforests shrinking. Something is very, very wrong with our eco-system.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Look. I know what I believe. It's in my soul. But I constantly tell our people: you should be convinced of the authenticity of what you have, but you must also be humble enough to say that we don't know everything. And since we don't know everything, we must accept that another person may believe something else.
Donna Grant, Dragon King|Seeing that glorious body and to-die-for face only made her crave him more.	Then he had kissed her.	And what a kiss!	It was a kiss like none other. There was fire and a hunger that was both savage as well as tender.	At first.	Then the fire had come. The kiss had charred her, searing her from the inside out. Each touch of his tongue, each time those lips of his moved over here, had been the most incredible feeling in the world.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|We never know which lives we influence, or when, or why.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Failure of your first attempt does not mean you can't be a winner of great battles; it rather means, you must trigger only when your target is in focus.
Ann Landers|Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
Charles Dickens|...and who must have had something real about her, or she could not have existed, but it certainly was not her hair, or her teeth, or her figure, or her complexion.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|interview from Ross E. Cheit about The Witch-Hunt Narrative: Politics, Psychology, and the Sexual Abuse of Children (Oxford University Press, February 2014).In the foreword to your book you mention a book titled Satan’s Silence was the catalyst for your research. Tell us about that. Cheit: Debbie Nathan and Michael Snedeker solidified the witch-hunt narrative in their 1995 book, Satan’s Silence: Ritual Abuse and the Making of a Modern American Witch Hunt, which included some of these cases. I was initially skeptical of the book’s argument for personal reasons. It seemed implausible to me that we had overreacted to child abuse because everything in my own personal history said we hadn’t. When I read the book closely, my skepticism increased. Satan’s Silence has been widely reviewed as meticulously researched. As someone with legal training, I looked for how many citations referred to the trial transcripts. The answer was almost none. Readers were also persuaded by long list of [presumably innocent] convicted sex offenders to whom they dedicated the book. If I’m dedicating a book to fifty-four people, all of whom I think have been falsely convicted, I’m going to mention every one of these cases somewhere in the book. Most weren’t mentioned at all beyond that dedication. The witch-hunt narrative is so sparsely documented that it’s shocking.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|It was odd, (Tessa thought), what brought out tenderness in people.
Gus Russo, The Outfit: The Role of Chicago's Underworld in the Shaping of Modern America|McDonald, who was known to hate policemen, was once approached by two cops for a two-dollar donation. “We’re burying a policeman,” one of them said, to which Mike responded, “Here’s ten dollars. Bury five of them.
James Salter, Light Years|You must go further than I did," Nedra said. "You know that.""Further?""With your life. You must become free."She did not explain it; she could not. It was not a matter of living alone, though in her case this had been necessary. The freedom she meant was self-conquest. It was not a natural state. It was meant only for those who would risk everything for it, who were aware that without it life is only appetites until the teeth are gone.
Akkineni Nagarjuna|Staying more controlled mentally stemmed from taking my fitness more seriously. When you're doing track work, sprints and so on, it's pretty painful, but that does make you feel better prepared and therefore mentally stronger when you're going into a match. You know, without a doubt, that you are strong enough to last.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Embrace every new day with gratitude, hope and love.
Rolf Potts, Vagabonding: An Uncommon Guide to the Art of Long-Term World Travel|Thus, the question of how and when to start vagabonding is not really a question at all. Vagabonding starts now. Even if the practical reality of travel is still months or years away, vagabonding begins the moment you stop making excuses, start saving money, and begin to look at maps with the narcotic tingle of possibility. From here, the reality of vagabonding comes into sharper focus as you adjust your worldview and begin to embrace the exhilarating uncertainty that true travel promises.
Brandi Chastain|I mean, the first 'Back to the Future' is kind of a perfect script, I think, in terms of handling time travel the best. It depends on your definition. To me, that means it effectively uses it in the story.
Dada Bhagwan|Rather than the one who gets angry, the world is more afraid of the one who does not get angry. Why? When anger ceases, grandeur of authority (pratap) arises. Such is the law of nature. Otherwise there would never be any protection for those who don't get angry. Anger provides protection during one’s conduct in ignorance of the self.
Ben Sasse, The Vanishing American Adult: Our Coming-of-Age Crisis—and How to Rebuild a Culture of Self-Reliance|But the days of true heroism are over, when a citizen fought for his country like a Fabricius or a Washington, and then returned to his farm to let his virtuous fervour run in a more placid, but not less salutary, stream.
Amit Kalantri|The most valuable people in the world are "Visionary People".
Jack Vance, The Green Pearl|Where was his knife, upon which he relied? He had cut cheese for their noonday meal, and had packed the knife away with the cheese.Aillas said: 'Sir, before we continue with this matter, may I offer you a bite of cheese?''I care for no cheese, though it is an amusing concept.''In that case, allow me a moment while I cut a morsel or two for myself, as I hunger.''I have no time to spare while you eat cheese; prepare instead for death.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|If you are lacking confidence in something, just keep trying and don’t give up.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|As dye soaks fibres, drawn into them to change their colour forever, so does a memory, stinging or sweet, change the fibre of a man’s character.
Klementyna Tanska Hoffmanowa, The Journal of Countess Francoise Krasinska|I feel conscious that I should find no reason to regret abandoning so pleasant a manner of life and such valuable privileges to become a wife of anyone. Beside, marriag is not in my opinion, so exceedingly desirable as some persons think. A woman's career is over when she marries. Once married, all is fixed - certainty takes the place of all her pleasant dreams. For her, no more hopes, no more doubts, no more suspense, no more possibility of anything better. She knows what she is and will be until death. For my part, I like to give free scope to my thoughts.
Haruki Murakami|I get the 'The New York Times' and 'Los Angeles Times' thrown at my door every morning. I'll read the front page of 'The New York Times,' then the op-eds, then scan the arts section and then the sports section. Then I do the same with the 'L.A. Times.'
Gemma Files, Experimental Film|The question was not death; living things die. It was love. Not that we died, but what we cared wildly, then deeply, for one person out of billions. We bound ourselves to the fickle, changing, and dying as if they were rock.
Anthony T. Hincks|I tried to count all the seconds that I have loved you for, but I gave up. I found it was easier to count the number of the stars in the universe.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|The way I’d put it,” said Makin, “is that Rike can’t make an omelet without wading thigh deep in the blood of chickens and wearing their entrails as a necklace.
Carol Oates, Iridescent|What happens when someone breaks your heart? When someone breaks your heart, first you are shocked. Someone will say you are heartbroken and you examine the words break and heart and heartbroken and you immediately decide that it's inaccurate. You feel pain in the region of your heart and you think it's your heart breaking but one's heart doesn't really break, something else does - faith. You stop believing.
Toby Frost, Space Captain Smith|Moons have passed since last we met, battles fought and enemies fallen. At the bridge of Anrag I took fifteen heads. I overthrew the tyrant Dagrud War-Scythe and took his cattle as tribute to my skill. It was a glorious day.’ ‘Sounds pretty wild. I’m having a new patio put down. You and me both, eh?’ ‘Square slabs or crazy paving?’ ‘Square slabs.
Stephen Richards|Even though your thinking might not be right for others, just so long as it's right for you then that's all what matters.
John Henrik Clarke|You expect far too much of a first sentence. Think of it as analogous to a good country breakfast: what we want is something simple, but nourishing to the imagination.
Paul karan|It's his duty. A good healer can't pick and choose. If he can help, then he must.
Debasish Mridha|Why do you want to fight and win when you were born to understand and forgive? When you forgive, you always win.
Apostle Louisa Henry|In order to keep standing, one must first know how and why should they stand,
Clyde DeSouza, Memories With Maya|When we can't let go of the past, painful moments accumulate in us; metastasizing in our consciousness like an emotional cancer.
Roland Merullo, Breakfast with Buddha|The thing is, when you’re with someone like Poppu - someone who sees straight through your battered facade and loves every bit of you, someone who makes you laugh until you pee your pants, someone who grabs you in a hug exactly when you need it - you don’t crave any kind of approval from strangers. You don’t need to “matter” in the world, because you already matter to the only person who counts.
David Bayles|There’s always a story that people are telling about themselves, and sometimes you can get them to tell it ever so slightly differently.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I closed my eyes and tried to sleep. But it was not until much later that I was able to get any real sleep. In a place far away from anyone or anywhere, I drifted off for a moment.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|In order to deceive others, you must first deceive yourself.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|I wish," I said. "I could save orgasms in a jar for when I need them, because I think I have a few extra.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|Jeez, you two,” Savannah muttered.	“Shush. It’s like free porn,” Riley teased.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Change isn't always comfortable, but it always teaches us something of utmost importance – usually about ourselves – and we become better people for it.
Steven J. Daniels, Weeds in The Garden of Love|A good friend will help you move, but a true friend will help you move a body.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|But if what can exist does exist, is memory invention or is invention memory?
Lois Lowry, The Giver|Honor,' he said firmly. 'I have great honor. So will you. But you will find that that is not the same as power.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Into the darkness they go, the wise and the lovely. 
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|Preston, I don't think this creature could ever find its way into your head. Quite apart from anything else, it seems pretty crowded and complicated to me.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sometimes you hear people saying that there is a secret to get to where you wanna be, but at a certain point, you discover that you are the secret of your success.
April W. Gardner, The Ebony Cloak|With unsteady hands, Phillip yanked on the mare’s bridle straps while trying to loosen one of the stubborn buckles. She snorted at his rough handling.Totka appeared beside him. “Let me.”Phillip gratefully released the task, an unexpected sense of brotherhood filling him. If anyone knew the heartache of separation, it was the man whose deft brown hands readied Phillip’s mount for the long road ahead.Totka’s own road had been lengthy. And yet, after two years, he somehow managed to continue to place one foot in front of the other. His breath still entered and left his body in the same monotonous pattern. How? When already several times over the half-day since Grayson had ridden out with Milly, Phillip had wondered if his chest might explode with the effort of expanding and contracting without her.
Chief Joseph|Certainly, travel is more than the seeing of sights; it is a change that goes on, deep and permanent, in the ideas of living.
Israelmore Ayivor, Mine Your Gold: How to Dig Up and Optimize Your Hidden Greatness|Those who are growing great are always asking “why?” If they fail or lose, they ask “why?” If they succeed or win too, they ask “why?
Bhoopal M|Piece makes Peace , Pain makes Paint, A Word create World. "The One person can change you, Maybe ubiquitous r inconspicuous.
Cory Monteith|We know the parental support, community support, makes a difference. It's not just the metrics of testing and putting pressure on the schools and on the teachers.
Lilly Black, A Jade's Trick|So what is it, Evan? What is it that is making your mouth say 'no' when every other part of you is screaming 'yes'?" "Screaming?""Screaming.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|Me," Artemis blurted. "I'm the nut."Artemis could have sworn the squid winked at him before bringing the five-ton chunk of spacecraft swinging down toward the morsel of meat in its blue shell."I'm the nut!" Artemis shouted again, a little hysterically, it must be said.
Tara Janzen, Crazy Cool|He caught her, and he held her, and he let her cry, and cry, and cry, and he let her use his sheets to wipe her eyes, and her nose, and God knows what, because he had plenty of clean sheets, and he only had one Kat.
Julien Torma, 4 Dada Suicides: Selected Texts of Arthur Cravan, Jacques Rigaut, Julien Torma, and Jacques Vaché|For some reason when I type the word "love" in my iPad it keeps autocorrecting to "live". I find it oddly profound. My ipad IS. My iPad is ZEN: “Only the iPad that autocorrects can write the true thing.
William Shakespeare|There are occasions and causes, why and wherefore in all things.
Michael Douglas|I got a strength coach. My wife. She gets big chains, and at night she puts them around the refrigerator. They are so strong, I can't break them.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|But in these modern times it may be decidedly asserted as a fact, that vice, in accomplishing the vast majority of its seductions, uses no disguise at all; appears impudently in its naked deformity; and, instead of horrifying all beholders, in accordance with the prediction of the classical satirist, absolutely attracts a much more numerous congregation of worshippers than has ever yet been brought together by the divinest beauties that virtue can display for the allurement of mankind.
Martin Gardner, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|I wonder, though…what would it be like? To be that close to a boy and have him see all of you, no holding back.
Alyxandra Harvey, My Love Lies Bleeding|Edward smiled, I smiled, even Bernardo smiled. Olaf just looked sinister.
Michael Graves|I taught at Princeton for 39 years, and the school of architecture on the campus is the worst building on the campus.
Pai Kit Fai, The Concubine's Daughter|Take what interests and knowledge you can from books, but do not let them replace words and thoughts of your own.
Napa Kettle|Happy Mind, Happy Home
Kate Johnson, The UnTied Kingdom|The people were divided into the persecuted and those who persecuted them. That wild beast, which lives in man and does not dare to show itself until the barriers of law and custom have been removed, was now set free. The signal was given, the barriers were down. As has so often happened in the history of man, permission was tacitly granted for acts of violence and plunder, even for murder, if they were carried out in the name of higher interests, according to established rules, and against a limited number of men of a particular type and belief....In a few minutes the business quarter, based on centuries of tradition, was wiped out. It is true that there had always been concealed enmities and jealousies and religious intolerance, coarseness and cruelty, but there had also been courage and fellowship and a feeling for measure and order, which restrained all these instincts within the limits of the supportable and, in the end, calmed them down and submitted them to the general interest of life in common. Men who had been leaders in the commercial quarter for forty years vanished overnight as if they had all died suddenly, together with the habits, customs and institutions which they represented.p. 11
Roger Wicker|In recent years personal injury attorneys and trial lawyers have attacked the food industry with numerous lawsuits alleging that these businesses should pay monetary damages to those who, of their own accord, consume too much of a legal, safe product.
Anonymous|To simply think about the people, as the dominators do, without any self-giving in that thought, to fail to think with the people, is a sure way to cease being revolutionary leaders. 
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Life's greatest lessons were not shown to me, read to me, illustrated or explained to me; they happened to me.
Alastair Reynolds, Thousandth Night / Minla's Flowers|History is what we write, not what we remember. Why should we tarnish the memory of our planet by enshrining our less then noble deeds?
Peter Jackson|I believe that Christians believe in salvation by grace through faith in Jesus Christ, not by works. And we believe that if you're saved, Jesus becomes your savior. He makes a promise to you. You can trust his promises. You can bank on that word.
Alexandra Ripley, Scarlett|The beauty of this world where almost everyone was gone. If hell is other people, what is a world with almost no people in it? Perhaps soon humanity would simply flicker out, but Kirsten found this thought more peaceful than sad. So many species had appeared and later vanished from this earth; what was one more? How many people were even left now?
Agatha Christie, The Secret Adversary|When every dream has turned to dust, and your highest hopes no longer soar.When places you once yearned to see, grow further away on distant shores.When every night you close your eyes, and long inside for something more.Remember this and only this, if nothing else you can recall—There was a life a girl once led, where you were loved the most of all.
Kathryn Williams, The Lost Summer|That was his mother. When she wasn't crying over the breakfast cereal, she was laughing about killing herself.
Thomas E. Sanders, Twenty Talks to Teachers|They will need you to put the right books in their hands, book in which they can lose themselves and books in which they can find themselves.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|Words, words were truly alive on the tongue, in the head, warm, beating, frantic, winged; music and blood.
Ted Deutch|I have behind me not only the splendid traditions and the annals of more than a thousand years but the living strength and majesty of the Commonwealth and Empire; of societies old and new; of lands and races different in history and origins but all, by God's Will, united in spirit and in aim.
Laurie Elizabeth Flynn, Firsts|I overheard a young man once saying to his wife, "I can't control you. That's the problem and it's been the problem ever since day one!" And then I heard her answer him and heard her terrible voice. "No!" she said. "The problem isn't that you can't control me, the problem is that you're trying to. Why don't you stop worrying about controlling me and start worrying about controlling yourself?
L.M. Montgomery|Islam is simple, but being a Muslim in a modern world is not. Everyday is a battle that each of us have to face. It is easy to get swept away and lose one's identity. The constant struggle is to find out who we are and how to remain steadfast.
Ali Harper, Beautiful Bedlam|All clichés aside, sometimes a girl just needed to cry in the rain.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|The moon twangs its silver strings;The river swoons into town;The wind beds down in the pines,Covers itself with stars.
Federico Pablo Dana|You can’t always get it right, if you fail, and it will happen, accept it, jump back on and try again
Christopher Langan|We live in a highly complex, technological world – and it's not entirely obvious what's right and what's wrong in any given situation, unless you can parse the situation, deconstruct it. People just don't have the insight to be able to do that very effectively.
Garrison Keillor, Homegrown Democrat: A Few Plain Thoughts from the Heart of America|When you wage war on the public schools, you're attacking the mortar that holds the community together. You're not a conservative, you're a vandal.
Roger Ebert|I'm terrible at horror movies, by the way. I get scared so easily.
Lauren Oliver|I suppose that's the secret. If you're ever wishing for things to go back to the way they were, you just have to look up.
Dalton Frey, The Darkest Light|Slayeth the evil that lives inside you, where they are walking the Devil walks too.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Whenever tragic loss occurs, you either resist or you yield. Some people become bitter or deeply resentful; others become compassionate, wise, and loving. Yielding means inner acceptance of what is.You are open to life.
Bruce Springsteen|I had to resign myself, many years ago, that I'm not too articulate when it comes to explaining how I feel about things. But my music does it for me, it really does.
Mary Howitt, The Spider and the Fly|Darkness all around, smoke in between my fingers, all you have given me dear, sorrow and sadness to sing here.
Ali Land, Good Me, Bad Me|Like a consolation prize, the broken heart is often granted wisdom.
Agnes Mary Clerke, A Popular History of Astronomy During the Nineteenth Century|What has been done is little—scarcely a beginning; yet it is much in comparison with the total blank of a century past. And our knowledge will, we are easily persuaded, appear in turn the merest ignorance to those who come after us.
R.A.Delmonico|Love doesn't need your permission, that's what hope is for.
R.J. Anderson, Ultraviolet|I disliked numbers, and they didn't think much of me either.
Toni Sorenson|Just because we’ve made poor or wrong choices in the past, does not limit us from making wise and good choices now.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As a Christian, I believe that we are all created in the image of God. I believe that God loves the whole world . . .The life of no human being is cheap in the eyes of God, nor can it be in our own eyes.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Worry, my son?...I am not worried now and I never have or will. You must learn to tell worry from thought, and thought from prayer. Sometimes a light will go from your life...and your life becomes a prayer, till you are strong enough to stand under the weight of your own thought again.
Mindy McGinnis, The Female of the Species|Much of the atrocities that are committed towards Arab women occur partly because the victim does not know that she has a basic right for her body to be hers, for her privacy to be respected and for her education to be a necessity not a privilege she receives if it is financially possible after her brother has been educated.
Tobe Hooper|And, we have no such thing as a budget anymore. Our manager freaks when we show him the bill. We're lavish to the bone, but all our money goes back into the product.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To be in the present time, keep yourself busy always or else you will find yourself either in the past or in the future!
John Lydon|I'm a lad of the '60s. I started a magazine to try and end the Vietnam war, but it was a number of years before I had the profile, the financial resources and the time to do more.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|Don't make the body do what the spirit does best, and don't put a big load on the spirit that the body could easily carry.
Gudjon Bergmann, The Author's Blueprint|Do you look like the photograph on your book jackets? Authors, I find, seldom do.
Alija Izetbegović|The mystics have always stressed the religious aspect of Islam, the rationalists the other one. All the same, both of them have always had difficulties with Islam, simply because it cannot be put into any of their classifications. Take wudu as an example. A mystic will define it as a religious ablution with symbolic meaning. A rationalist will look upon it as a matter of hygiene only. They are both right, but only partly. The defectiveness of the mystic explanation lies in the fact that it lets the hygienic side of wudu become a mere form. Following the same logic in other questions, this approach will reduce Islam to pure religion, by eliminating all physical, intellectual, and social components from it. The rationalists take quite the opposite way. By neglecting the religious side, they degrade Islam to a political movement only, creating a new type of nationalism from it, a so called Islamic nationalism, deprived of ethical-religious substance, empty and equal to all other nationalisms in this regard. To be a Muslim in this case, does not represent an appeal or a duty, a moral or a religious obligation, or any attitude to the universal truth. It means only belonging to a group different from the other one. Islam has never been only a nation. Rather, Islam is a call to a nation, " to enjoin the right and to forbid the wrong" Quran- that is, to perform a moral mission. If we disregard the political component of Islam and accept religious mysticism , we silently admit dependence and slavery. On the contrary, if we ignore the religious component , we cease to be any moral force.
Elizabeth George, Understanding Your Blessings in Christ: Ephesians|When you love someone, you can’t help but pray for them.
Ian Fleming, From Russia With Love|For her, sex was nothing more than an itch. And this phsychological and physiological neutrality of hers at once relieved her of so many human emotions and sentiments and desires. Sexual neutrality was the essence of coldness in an individual. It was a great and wonderful thing to be born with.
George Orwell, 1984|When we do not succeed to be ourselves, we finally realize that is was completely useless to exist...
Antonio Tabucchi|I haven't always been thrilled with my work. But the fear of not proving the people wrong who think you can't emerge from a franchise and do well, that's a very strong driving force.
Christopher Hitchens|If the Bahreini royal family can have an embassy, a state, and a seat at the UN, why should the twenty-five million Kurds not have a claim to autonomy? The alleviation of their suffering and the assertion of their self-government is one of the few unarguable benefits of regime change in Iraq. It is not a position from which any moral retreat would be allowable.
Oscar Wilde|Fill with mingled cream and amber, I will drain that glass again.Such hilarious visions clamber Through the chamber of my brain —Quaintest thoughts — queerest fancies Come to life and fade away;What care I how time advances? I am drinking ale today.
Jon Kyl|Just as we might take Darwin as an example of the normal extraverted thinking type, the normal introverted thinking type could be represented by Kant. The one speaks with facts, the other relies on the subjective factor. Darwin ranges over the wide field of objective reality, Kant restricts himself to a critique of knowledge.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|A man who wears a sword knows to hold the love of his wife and family dear, for at any time he may not see another day of it.
Joshua Wright|The dogs may bark, but the caravan moves on
Shannon Wiersbitzky, What Flowers Remember|> Why does everything that lives have to die?< So life would be precious, Asher. Something that is yours forever, is never precious.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, A Short Autobiography|That we shall use every discovery of science in the preservation of our children's health goes without saying; but we shall do more than this - we shall give them a free start, not loading them up with our own ideas and experiences, nor advising them to live according to our lights. We were burned in the fire here and there, but - who knows? - fire may not burn our children, and if we warn them away from it they may end by never growing warm. We will not even inflict our cynicism on them as the sentimentality of our fathers was inflicted on us. The most we will do is urge a little doubt, asking that the doubt be exercised on our ideas as well as on all the mortal things in this world.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution|The more I lived with Jan, the more I loved her, the more I made her miserable. It was a vicious cycle (page 209)……The more I loved her the more I hated her. And the more she loved me, the more I harmed myself (page 269).
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Creativity is the most supreme form of love. When it flows from any heart flooded by truth and light, it can change all those who encounter its seductive vibrations.
Max Lucado|Our prayers may be awkward. Our attempts may be feeble. But since the power of prayer is in the One who hears it and not in the one who says it, our prayers do make a difference.
Margaret Mead|Children must be taught how to think, not what to think.
Monica Burns, His Mistress|When we are down there, if we are parted, come and find me again," said Keedra.
Henry V. O'Neil, CHOP Line|He relaxed into the dirt, it was all right, he was infantry and the dirt was home. He felt warm liquid all over his left thigh and wondered if he’d peed himself, it didn’t matter, none of it mattered, the stars were out in the blackness overhead and that was where he was going.
Katsura Hoshino, D.Gray-man, Volume 11|Even a feeble-minded man wants to be like other men."--Charlie Gordan
Taryn Plendl, In My Arms|We were still twirling around the tiny parking lot when the neighborsscreamed 'Happy New Year'. Unfortunately we weren't sober enough torealize that was our cue to call it a night. Josh had a new beer in his hands,Danny was eating the last hot dog and Darren and I were still dancingwhen the cops showed up.
Terry Pratchett|If we humans are good at anything, it’s thinking we’ve got a terrific idea and going for it without acknowledging the potential consequences or our own ignorance.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|He knew that he wielded magic as well as iron, and yet looked away from it, and made himself fables to explain his own presence in the world, and sought gods who might be more powerful than himself. It would be very comfortable if there were someone more powerful than himself, on this Road, on this particular morning, someone to guide him, even someone to blame....
Mark W. Boyer|You can't fall in love with someone in a day.""Romeo and Juliet did," Melanie says, tugging me toward the exit."Yeah, and then they killed themselves a few hours later. Thanks for the pep talk, Mel.
Stuart Wilde, The Trick to Money Is Having Some|Poverty is restriction and as such, it is the greatest injustice you can perpetrate upon yourself.
Ashish Dalela, Uncommon Wisdom: Fault Lines in the Foundations of Atheism|...concepts have three fundamental properties—contextuality, intentionality, and abstraction—which independent things do not. To produce a mental world from the physical world, the physical world must first explain how contextuality, intentionality, and abstraction can arise.
John Kuypers|If you can concentrate always on the present, you'll be a happy man.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|Waiting. 	That’s always what being a spy comes down to, isn’t it?
Pope Francis|You can take lessons to become almost anything: flying lessons, piano lessons, skydiving lessons, acting lessons, race car driving lessons, singing lessons. But there's no class for comedy. You have to be born with it. God has to give you this gift.
Hope Bradford, Oracle of Compassion: The Living Word of Kuan Yin|I’m reminded of how passionate Kuan Yin is about the importance of being human on this earth,” continues Lena.“It’s the most important thing in your existence,” states Kuan Yin. “Your existence is eternal. This phase (of your soul) is so important because you learn so much in human form. This is where the individual’s ‘spark’ of existence can expand into bigger, more powerful energies.
Gary Vaynerchuk|I am surprised by how not-adopted the video reply has been. What keeps other people from doing it, I think, is that they think a video comes across as 'I'm cool, look at how many e-mails I get.' That perception doesn't scare me, because I know who I am.
Munia Khan|...and when we die we die alone I cry, I cry aloneLike a piece of stone I am thrown into the wavy ocean of lifeto atone...to atoneOnly to atone...
John Corey Whaley, Where Things Come Back|We let them help because they needed it, not us. We didn't let them help us because we needed it, we let them help us because inside of humans is this thing, this unnamed need to feel as if we are usefel in the world. To feel as if we have something significant to contribute."---Cullen
Ron Fournier|For Mr. Elway to take me in the second round and show that trust that he has in me and the upside he thinks I have, I want to go out and there and prove him right. I want to be able to have him look back 10 years from now, 15 years from now, and have him be very proud about that selection and let him know that he did make the right selection.
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|Great spiritual teachers throughout the ages have stated that orgasm is the closest some people come to a spiritual experience because of the momentary loss of self. Why is this true? Because with spiritual sex, you move beyond orgasm into a connection with yourself, your partner, and the divine — recognizing them all as one.
Nicolaus Copernicus|I don't really believe in 'directions' in art; the rope twists as you follow it, that's all.
W.W. Jacobs, The Lady of the Barge and Other Stories|He broke off and eyed with dignified surprise a fine piece of wireless telegraphy between husband and wife. It appeared that Mr. Negget sent off a humorous message with his left eye, the right being for some reason closed, to which Mrs. Negget replied with a series of frowns and staccato shakes of the head, which her husband found easily translatable. Under the austere stare of Mr. Bodfish their faces at once regained their wonted calm, and the ex-constable in a somewhat offended manner resumed his inquiries.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|Never try to discourage thinking, for you are sure to succeed.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|O Fiend, whose talisman was that fatal symbol, wouldst thou leave nothing, whether in youth or age, for this poor sinner to revere?—such loss of faith is ever one of the saddest results of sin.
L. Neil Smith|The Recovery plan will put money in the pockets of the American worker, create and save millions of new jobs and invest in crucial areas such as health care, education, energy independence and a new infrastructure.
Hisaya Nakajo, Hana-Kimi, Vol. 1|I keep seeing this ad on TV. It talks about teachers. Thank you for teaching me. Thank you for changing my life. They all look happy. Have they always been this happy? Did they have a perfect childhood? A perfect school life? I was happy once. But I was young. The older you get, the more you remember. The younger you are, the more you forget.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|If life is a movie, most of us are watching the boring and talked over!Well, it's still not too late; drop it.. and start afresh with a new and exciting one.Remember, there's only one climax waiting to be experienced !
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|In a patriarchal society, one of the most important functions of the institution of the family is to make feel like a somebody whenever he is in his own yard a man who is a nobody whenever he is in his employer’s yard.
Milan Kundera|We are the girls with anxiety disorders, filled appointment books, five-year plans. We take ourselves very, very seriously. We are the peacemakers, the do-gooders, the givers, the savers. We are on time, overly prepared, well read, and witty, intellectually curious, always moving … We pride ourselves on getting as little sleep as possible and thrive on self-deprivation. We drink coffee, a lot of it. We are on birth control, Prozac, and multivitamins … We are relentless, judgmental with ourselves, and forgiving to others. We never want to be as passive-aggressive are our mothers, never want to marry men as uninspired as our fathers … We are the daughters of the feminists who said, “You can be anything,” and we heard, “You have to be everything.
Brett Bacon, The President's Neighbor|I know exactly what Clarissa is talking about. We have all been concerned about Brenda for a few weeks now. Most days she’s fine, but on the odd occasion, she’s behaving totally out of character. “I’m going to go now, I will leave you in peace,” she says about to hang up.“Clarissa?” I ask, making sure she’s still on the line.“I’m still here,” she says confirming.“It’s best to be honest with people, right?” I know that if my dear friend, one of my oldest friends is to offer me advice when I need it, then I should listen to what she has to say. I know that by asking her opinion, she will always tell me the truth. She will always steer me in the right direction and she would never lie to me.“Always,” she simply replies. “Goodnight sweetheart, see you in the morning.
Arthur Byron Cover|HARDWARE ....................SOFTWARECar...................................PetrolTube-light, fan....................ElectricityBook.................................StoryTape-recorder..................Music recordedTV.....................................Serials, TV programmes etcMobile...............................Symbian, Lollipop, Kitkat etcComputer.........................MS DOS, Linux, Windows etcBrain................................MindSociety.............................GovernanceUniverse..........................GOD!!So GOD is the Ultimate software, THAT runs the entire Universe from the spinning of an electron to the explosion of stars and formation of galaxies!!
Dean Ornish|We are very much what others think of us. The reception our observations meet with gives us courage to proceed, or damps our efforts.
Shah Ibrahim, Budak Meja Belakang|Minat, bakat serta peluang jarang bertindan buat seseorang. Antara ketiga-tiga elemen ini, peluang paling payah hendak dikecapi. Maka, peluang harus menjadi faktor penentu dalam membuat keputusan.
Cristina M. Sburlea, In Roman Times: Empires and Madness|Even the sick should try these so-called dangerous passes, because for every unfortunate they kill, they cure a thousand.
Wordions|Trust is believing "I will be safe with you".Love is striving to keep the trust.
Ariel Levy, Female Chauvinist Pigs: Women and the Rise of Raunch Culture|You think you're being brave, you think you're being sexy, you think you're transcending feminism. But that's bullshit. - Susan Brownmiller
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|If something you desire is not happening, you are not emotionally or mentally ready for it yet. Make your mental adjustment in the now, and the reality will follow.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Afraid of a wooden sword?""Just demonstrating my skills in evading an attack. Impressed?
Ian McEwan, Enduring Love|Perhaps I'd been a slow developer, but I was well into my forties before I realized that you don't have to comply with a request just because it's reasonable or reasonably put. Age is the great dis-obliger. You can be yourself and say no.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No," said Father. "Just do the best you can and don't let it worry you. In that way you'll have a clear conscience and a tranquil heart.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|…a writer, like most artists, needs a partner who can act as the fuel to his artistic mind and soul, yet has the great ability to sober him up and help him be in sync with the non-artistic part of his soul.
Sapan Saxena|I want a long life, measured not in days and years but the moments that we spent together
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych|But these were essentially the accoutrements that appeal to all people who are not actually rich but who want to look rich, though all they manage to do is look like each other: damasks, ebony, plants, rugs and bronzes, anything dark and gleaming-everything that all people of a certain class affect so as to be like all other people of a certain class. And his arrangements looked so much like everyone else's that they were unremarkable, though he saw them as something truly distinctive.
Ashleigh Z., Under The Cypress Tree|It isn't very pretty to have been made a fool of by one's own feelings,' he said. 'To take childish promises and build a--a castle out of them...
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|I wanted her body and soul, but body first.
Debbie Tosun Kilday, No Limits: How I Beat The Slots|Next to motherhood, I personally believe that being an author is the best job in the world.
Adrian G. Hilder, The General's Legacy - Part Two: Whiteland King|I think there comes a point when the outcome of a battle is inevitable but the fighting has not ended. Then the enemy becomes exhaustion and pain. A common enemy. Does the soldier holding in his entrails and facing the death reaper, care any longer what he fought for?” said Quain.
