Marcia Lynn McClure, The Pirate Ruse|We should learn to smile as we fall, So much so as when we have it all.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Apart from religious influence, the family is the most important unit of society.
Criss Jami, Healology|Still, one can be honest yet quite mistaken.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|In solitude every fear, every longing, becomes exaggerated.
Bishop T.D.Jakes|When Life gives you a 100 reasons to Cry , show life that you have 1000 reasons to Smile
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Before it was usual to acquire goods in the market, not for personal consumption, but simply in order to exchange them again for the goods that were really wanted, each individual commodity was only accredited with that value given by the subjective valuations based on its direct utility. It was not until it became customary to acquire certain goods merely in order to use them as media of exchange that people began to esteem them more highly than before, on account of this possibility of using them in indirect exchange. The individual valued them in the first place because they were useful in the ordinary sense, and then additionally because they could be used as media of exchange. Both sorts of valuation are subject to the law of marginal utility.
Jorge Luis Borges|A circle drawn on a blackboard, a right triangle, a rhombus--all these are forms we can fully intuit; Ireneo could do the same with the stormy mane of a young colt, a small herd of cattle on a mountainside, a flickering fire and its uncountable ashes, and the many faces of a dead man at a wake. I have no idea how many stars he saw in the sky.
Karishma Magvani|I plan for all obstacles, I prepare with care, I worry endlesslyfor the road aheadIn all this, I forgetto enjoy small momentsof my present journey
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Oh, Lizzy! do anything rather than marry without affection.
David Foster Wallace, Brief Interviews with Hideous Men|The depressed person was in terrible andunceasing emotional pain, and the impossibility of sharing or articulating this pain was itself a component of the pain and a contributing factor in its essential horror. Despairing, then, of describing the emotional pain itself, the depressed person hoped at least to be able to express something of its context, its shape and texture, as it were-by recounting circumstances related to its etiology.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life|Hurt is a great teacher, maybe the greatest of all.
Brian Jacques, Mattimeo|I will not stand here to be insulted by you, hedgepig," Mangiz fumed."Then stand somewhere else and I'll insult you there, featherbag!!
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I pay very little regard," said Mrs. Grant, "to what any young person says on the subject of marriage. If they profess a disinclination for it, I only set it down that they have not yet seen the right person.
Michael Benzehabe|No.” The smile had left Sarah’s voice. “He still works for the Basij. Beware of weak men, little sister. He never returned to help, not even to express condolences for Father. Find a strong man. Get a man who will stand up for you, even if it means he has to fight the whole world. There is nothing more dangerous than a weak man.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|In the artifacts that are conscious, memories of vanished lives still flicker. Tissues that were changed without dying hold the moment that a boy heard his sister was leaving home. They hold multiplication tables. They hold images of sexuality and violence and beauty. They hold the memories of flesh that no longer exists. They hold metaphors: mitochondria, starfish, Hitler’s-brain-in-a-jar, hell realm. They dream. Structures that were neurons twitch and loop and burn and dream. Images and words and pain and fear, endless.
Colin Camerer|We need to manage holistically, embracing all of our science and traditional knowledge - all sources of knowledge. We can do that from the household to government to international relations.
Albert Einstein|She is a loner, too bright for the slutty girls and too savage for the bright girls, haunting the edges and corners of the school like a sullen disillusioned ghost
Frank Sinatra|I think people really marry far too much; it is such a lottery after all, and for a poor woman a very doubtful happiness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The greatest duty is to know, love and obey God.
Shannon L. Alder|You won't find peace with another, until you become one person--not two.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Ethics|Cesar is not a philosophical man. His life has been one long flight from reflection. At least he is clever enough not to expose the poverty of his general ideas; he never permits the conversation to move toward philosophical principles. Men of his type so dread all deliberation that they glory in the practice of the instantaneous decision. They think they are saving themselves from irresolution; in reality they are sparing themselves the contemplation of all the consequences of their acts. Moreover, in this way they can rejoice in the illusion of never having made a mistake; for act follows so swiftly on act that it is impossible to reconstruct the past and say that an alternative decision would have been better. They can pretend that every act was forced on them under emergency and that every decision was mothered by necessity
Jodi Picoult, Perfect Match|Never apologize, mister, it’s a sign of weakness.
Francis M. Nevins Jr.|When a beautiful blonde asks, you don't say no.
Jen Naumann, The Day Zombies Ruined My Perfectly Boring Life|Merkabah is translated as either meaning the throne of god or chariot. Both definitions imply a means of spiritual ascension, not a physical one. They only have it partly right.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge will give you strength,but wisdom will give you power.Talent will give you respect,but genius will give you honor.Pleasure will give you happiness,but joy will give you contentment.Strength will give you fortitude,but love will give you dominion.Courage will give you victory,but faith will give you greatness.Virtue will give you the world,but God will give you universe.
Jodi Picoult, Vanishing Acts|Sometimes when you lose your way in the fog, you end up in a beautiful place! Don’t be afraid of getting lost!
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Everyone claims to want the truth. If you really want it, I’d suggest investing seriously in humor and this mysterious skill of transforming bad news into good. Otherwise, you’ll only get more frustrated.
Carl R. Rogers, A Way of Being|When you are in psychological distress and someone really hears you without passing judgement on you, without trying to take responsibility for you, without trying to mold you, it feels damn good!
Richard Feynman, The Pleasure of Finding Things Out: The Best Short Works of Richard P. Feynman|A healthy agency does not require relevance to the national agenda so much as the APPEARANCE of relevance to the national agenda," Humphrey explained. "It is perhaps the second-most important tool in ensuring continued funding.""And the most important?""A friend on the Appropriations committee.
Queen Latifah|Mom's dad was in the army, stormed the beach at Normandy, fought through the French hedgerows, the Battle of the Ardennes, the Battle of the Bulge, and liberated concentration camps at the end of the war.
Aaron Sorkin|She meant you have to live a story for a time.''And?''And then you can write it, in time. What have you lived?''Kind of a personal question for Twitterland.''Kind of the perfect question to answer in fiction.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|There will always be something a little off, but like a three-legged dog, you’ll learn to walk again.
Herb Caen|Although humor is present in every one of my films, it has always been used as a way to make the darker, heavier stuff in my stories more palatable. I never set out to make 'Humpday' a comedy.
Milton Glaser|A lot of the songs are based on my previous relationship. It didn't work out. I lost him, and it ruined me. I had to learn to get back on my feet. I used that heartbreak to create something really beautiful.
Neil Leckman|Asthmatic spewer of filth gasps, but clean air does not sufficeTo fuel fires fueled by thoughts got rottenLest we all be forgotten thingsThat sit like dust upon the mantel of her mind
Francis de Sales|For with any recovery from morbidity there must go a certain healthy humiliation. There comes a certain point in such conditions when only three things are possible: first a perpetuation of Satanic pride, secondly tears, and third laughter.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|No struggle, no success. The stronger the thunder, the heavier the rainfall
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|The take-home message is that we should blame religion itself, not religious extremism - as though that were some kind of terrible perversion of real, decent religion. Voltaire got it right long ago: 'Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.' So did Bertrand Russell: 'Many people would sooner die than think. In fact they do.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Truth’s nakedness is not concerned with whom it strikes - painfully, or with pleasure; responding appropriately to its ingenuous temperament, however, rewards perceptions of unbiased transparency.
Kelsea Ballerini|I see little girls at my meet-and-greets who are like, 'Kelsea! It's my first concert and I came to see you.' And I'm thinking, 'I don't want to post anything online that your mom would be mad at me for, because you're important to me.'
David Gentleman, London You're Beautiful|Drawing things makes them seem more real and makes me feel more alive. It also makes me pin down and remember things - landscapes, season, weather, occasions, incidents, people - that would otherwise have melted from my memory.
J.R. Ward, Lover Revealed|I ejaculated about ten minutes ago and the stuff was black. So everything is not normal."Silence greeted that happy little announcement. Man, if he had hauled off and sucker-punched V, he would have gotten less of a shocked-out reaction.
Alastair Reynolds, Revelation Space|Dimly--at first wary that it was merely a dislodged fragment of the dream--she remembered Resurgam. And then, slowly, events returned, not as a tidal wave, or even as as landslide, but as a slow, squelching slippage: a disembowelment of the past.
Clara Bensen, No Baggage: A Minimalist Tale of Love and Wandering|You can pipe anything to anything else, and usually it'll do something. With most of the standard Linux tools, it'll even do what you expect.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|I have this thought, it’s horrible, and it makes me sick, but it’s true: one day these students will grow up and have their own kids, and they’re going to name them for men and women who will die in this war.
Bhaskaryya Deka, The Unwanted Shadow|A man who called everyone a damn fool is like a man who damns the weather. He only shows that he is not adapted to his environment, not that the environment is wrong.
Arzum Uzun|Maybe that's what our friendship was. It was the feeling that we didn't have to speak or explain. We could sit in the darkness and watch the tadpoles just as easily as we could lie out in the heat and breathe in the smell of peaches and gravel, all without saying a word.
Stephen King, The Shining|If I can't be beautiful, I want to be invisible.
Ruth Watson-Morris|Regarding his friend's insight after losing her spouse to cancer: "She told me she had plenty of people to do things with but nobody to do nothing with.
Anderson Cooper|America - it is a fabulous country, the only fabulous country; it is the only place where miracles not only happen, but where they happen all the time.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|You know that place between sleep and awake, that place where you still remember dreaming? That’s where I’ll always love you. That’s where I’ll be waiting.
Supriya Kaur Dhaliwal|It was Halloween eve, And I was yearning alone waiting for my soul mate Ethan, He was expected by now for the celebrations in our bedroom, We planned for this, many months back, and now I was getting restless, My dick was erect and making a pole in my boxer - tough to handle 9 inches long of yearning all alone.
Steve Maraboli|For me, the most magical truth of this universe is that no magic is required.
Vivian Amis, The Essentials of Life|YOU are the creator of your experience, therefore: all problems must be met within YOU.
Harrish Sairaman|There is no such thing as a stress-free life. No evidence has ever been presented which suggests that a stress-free life can ever be achieved. Stress can be managed, relieved and lessened, but never eliminated.
Gudjon Bergmann, Create a Safe Space: An Inspirational Guidebook for Yoga Teachers Who want to Further Serve their Students|For reasons unknown, the philosophical aspect of the yoga movement has had to make way for the yoga fit revolution; today’s image of a yogi is a slender and scantily clad young female doing postures on the cover of a bestselling magazine, whereas the older image was of an Indian man with long beard sitting in a cave wearing a loin cloth.
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Culture is critical in marriage because in a real sense, culture is the behavioral expression of one's values, appreciations, tastes, and relational style in both simple and serious matters of life. Add to this the dimensions of language and cultural memory, and you have worlds within worlds. In effect, culture provides the how and why of an individual's behavior.
Bill Hicks|Go back to bed, America. Your government has figured out how it all transpired. Go back to bed, America. Your government is in control again. Here. Here's American Gladiators. Watch this, shut up. Go back to bed, America. Here is American Gladiators. Here is 56 channels of it! Watch these pituitary retards bang their fucking skulls together and congratulate you on living in the land of freedom. Here you go, America! You are free to do what we tell you! You are free to do what we tell you!
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|War is like a fire. One man may start it, but it will spread all over. It is not about one thing in particular.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|Life, she realized, so often became a determined, relentless avoidance of pain-of one's own, of other people's. But sometimes pain had to be acknowledged and even touched so that one could move into it and through it and past it. Or else be destroyed by it.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|Until you are broken, you don't know what you're made of.
Jarman Sandhu|Bea did not want a new mother. She'd hardly even seen the one she once had, except for glimpses out the window when her mother was climbing into a carriage to go off to a party. She'd been as beautiful as an angel, all sparkling and laughing in her lovely gowns, but not much use.
Dom Hubert Van Zeller|What the soul hardly realizes is that, unbeliever or not, his loneliness is really a homesickness for God.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there is no such sternness like that of maintaining silence. Verbal sternness will be wasted.
Compton Gage|There is nothing hidden in the hidden time. Know that this, the hidden time, is your everlasting, and live.
Laura Schlessinger|Generalised anger and frustration is something that gets you in the studio, and gets you to work - though it's not necessarily evident in anything that's finished.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|Monsieur Foinet got up and made as if to go, but he changed his mind, and, stopping, put his hand on Philip's shoulder."But if you were going to ask me my advice, I should say: take your courage in both hands and try your luck at something else. It sounds very hard, but let me tell you this: I would give all I have in the world if someone had given me that advice when I was your age and I had taken it."Philip looked up at him with surprise. The master forced his lips into a smile, but his eyes remained grave and sad."It is cruel to discover one's mediocrity only when it's too late. It does not improve the temper."He gave a little laugh as he said the last words and quickly walked out of the room.
Pat Buchanan|I fell in love with theater there, and after graduation I moved to Los Angeles to pursue acting.
Andrew Luck|My becoming an actor wasn't planned. My interest always lied in sports such as football, martial arts, gymnastics and dance.
Omar bin Laden, Growing Up bin Laden: Osama's Wife and Son Take Us Inside Their Secret World|All violence demands reform, and all violence desperately begs to be healed.
Daphne du Maurier|I have no talent for making new friends, but oh such genius for fidelity to old ones.
Canelo Alvarez|Peace comes through strength, not through retreat.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|Ask him where his shame is." They spoke. "He says this is war. There is no shame in war." "Tell him he's wrong. War doesn't negate decency. It demands it, even more than in times of peace.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|I thought climbing the Devil's Thumb would fix all that was wrong with my life. In the end, of course, it changed almost nothing. But I came to appreciate that mountains make poor receptacles for dreams.
George Alexiou|When you wake up each morning with a burning passion to accomplish a goal, you've already won the day.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|In each of my friends there is something that only some other friend can fully bring out. By myself I am not large enough to call the whole man into activity; I want other lights than my own to show all his facets... Hence true Friendship is the least jealous of loves. Two friends delight to be joined by a third, and three by a fourth, if only the newcomer is qualified to become a real friend. They can then say, as the blessed souls say in Dante, "Here comes one who will augment our loves." For in this love "to divide is not to take away.
Melissa de la Cruz, The Van Alen Legacy|It is...difficult to describe someone, since memories are by their nature fragmented, isolated, and arbitrary as glimpses one has at night through lighted windows.[E]very memory is turned over and over again, every word, however chance, written in the heart in the hope that memory will fulfill itself, and become flesh, and that the wanderers will find a way home, and the perished, whose lack we always feel, will step through the door finally and stroke our hair with dreaming, habitual fondness, not having meant to keep us waiting long.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Surely, she was too young to have so many ghosts.
Stefne Miller, Collision|The Professor never really seemed to care whether we figured out the right answer to a problem. He preferred our wild, desperate guesses to silence, and he was even more delighted when those guesses led to new problems that took us beyond the original one. He had a special feeling for what he called the "correct miscalculation," for he believed that mistakes were often as revealing as the right answers.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions to Ask Your Parents Before It's Too Late|Every person that has lived with purpose has at one time or another answered these questions: Do you remember who you were before the world, and it's evil stole your hope? Do you remember who you wanted to be before a religion, culture or organization told you to be something you were not? Do you remember what your dream was before they told you that it was unachievable? Do you remember the moments God kept taking you back to the one thing you were best at (but you kept denying it)? Do you remember the moments He handed you the opportunity and you walked away, instead? Do you remember the moments He kept closing the doors on the one thing you wanted because it wouldn't help you? Do you remember it was all going to be okay if you simply believed, but you gave up? For every bad moment, we blamed others, kept score, got even and forgot to live. When you remember your "true self", then you can begin to walk forward once again down the road to discovery, childhood dreams and your life purpose. (Writer's Conference, 2012)
D.F.   Jones, Anna's Way|True love was a gift. Some people never recognized true love, while others allow true love to slip through their fingers
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Passion and courtesy are two polar opposite traits that serve to balance each other into a full-blooded whole.Without socialization, passion is a crude barbarian, and without passion, the elegant and polite are dead.Allow both passion and courtesy into your life in equal measure, and be complete.
Steve Maraboli|I've learned that if someone threatens my peace of mind, self-respect, or self-worth... I must walk away. I owe it to myself... I owe it to my future.
Margaret Atwood, Der blinde Mörder|A Paradox, the doughnut hole. Empty space, once, but now they've learned to market even that. A minus quantity; nothing, rendered edible. I wondered if they might be used-metaphorically, of course-to demonstrate the existence of God. Does naming a sphere of nothingness transmute it into being?
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|The two go hand in hand like a dance: chance flirts with necessity, randomness with determinism. To be sure, it is from this interchange that novelty and creativity arise in Nature, thereby yielding unique forms and novel structures.
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|This is it, so please don't question it. I love you, I need you, and you mean everything to me. So, will you have me? Please put your all your eggs in one basket because I am doing the same. I don't want a life without you in it so please don't let me have one.
Ted Danson|We assume that everything's becoming more efficient, and in an immediate sense that's true; our lives are better in many ways. But that improvement has been gained through a massively inefficient use of natural resources.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Love is the best thing in the world, except for cough drops.
Mark  Lawrence, King of Thorns|There is no sound more annoying than the chatter of a child, and none more sad than the silence they leave when they are gone.
Chuck Palahniuk|When they were in school, Peter used to say that everything you do is a self-portrait. It might look like 'Saint George and the Dragon' or 'The Rape of the Sabine Women,' but the angle you use, the lighting, the composition, the technique, they're all you. You are every color and brushstroke.
Atharvaveda|If perfection is absurd, why is tragedy common?
Banksy, Banging Your Head Against a Brick Wall|People who get up early in the morning cause war, death and famine.
Robert Anthony|You know what has made me the happiest I've ever been? Seeing my son and daughter graduate from college. More than wanting them to be educated, I wanted them to be nice people. To see that they have become both is just a wonderful thing.
Jacqueline Woodson, Another Brooklyn|Elizabeth ran her finger along the windowsill, gathering dust. The view was almost exactly the same as from her own bedroom, only a few degrees shifted. She could still see the Rosens' place, with its red door and folding shutters, and the Martinez house, with its porch swing and the dog bowl. She'd heard once that what made you a real New Yorker was when you could remember back three laters -- the place on the corner that had been a bakery and then a barbershop before it was a cell-phone store, or the restaurant that had been Italian, then Mexican, then Cuban. The city was a palimpsest, a Mod Podged pileup or old signage and other people's failures. Newcomers saw only what was in front of them, but people who had been there long enough were always looking at two or three other places simultaneously. The IRT, Canal Jeans, the Limelight. So much of the city she'd fallen in love with was gone, but then again, that's how it worked. It was your job to remember. At least the bridges were still there. Some things were too heavy to take down.
Michael Connelly, The Black Echo|Nothing could be taken for granted. Women who loved you tried to cut your throat, while women who didn't even know your name scrubbed your back. Witches could sound like Katharine Hepburn and your best friend could try to strangle you. Smack in the middle of an orchid there might be a blob of jello and inside a Mickey Mouse doll, a fixed and radiant star.
Jim Parsons|You know, I lose patience really easily; I'd rather shop in the grocery store than in the department store. I can pick an apple like nobody's business.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|We are hurtling back into a Soviet abyss, into an information vacuum that spells death from our own ignorance. All we have left is the internet, where information is still freely available. For the rest, if you want to go on working as a journalist, it's total servility to Putin. Otherwise, it can be death, the bullet, poison, or trial—whatever our special services, Putin's guard dogs, see fit.
Victor Hugo|A poem is never finished, only abandoned.
Jamie Farrell, Smittened|This Chocolate Orgasm is the best chocolate ice cream I’veever had.”“Mikey helped with that one,” Dahlia heard herself say.Mari Belle laughed, a light, pretty sound. “I sense hisinfluence in the Hazel’s Nuts.
Alin Sav|Why is it "in" to be a christian, but "out" to live a holy life?
Brad Goreski|It's very nice to be asked to anybody's wedding. Particularly if it's the Prince of Wales. I learned a lot from it, which was to end early and get away. I suppose one would have to look back historically and see who other royals had at their weddings. Were there people at Queen Elizabeth's wedding who were common like myself?
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Sane people did what their neighbours did, so that if any lunatics were at large, one might know and avoid them.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Humans are born with a hodge-podge of various brain circuits, that possess the seeds of peace, fear, love, hate, rage, pain, love, stress and faith. All these elements compose the emotional domain of our mental life. All these characters are ingrained in our limbic system, that keep our head straight in the path of survival. We humans can survive, only if, all these elements of our brain circuits function properly. Failure of any one element would mean extinction of the whole species.
Lester B. Pearson|In some states militant nationalism has gone to the lengths of dictatorship, the cult of the absolute or totalitarian state and the glorification of war.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Fret not, fret not.
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Oracle of Poetic Wisdom|If you speak three languages you're trilingual. If you speak two languages you're bilingual. If you speak the language of the opposite sex, you can communicate.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Change takes time. But, it also takes people.
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|She tasted like run, root beer, and something wild he couldn’t place, but it didn’t matter.	He wanted more.	Craved it.
Anthony Liccione|It all starts with you, and that which never starts, also finishes with you.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If I can learn to understand this language without words, I can learn to understand the world.
Christi Phillips, The Devlin Diary|Although she was a logical, practical person, she believed that in books there existed a kind of magic. Between the aging covers on these shelves, contained in tiny, abstract black marks on sheets of paper, were voices from the past. Voices that reached into the future, into Claire's own heart and mind, to tell her what they knew, what they'd learned, what they'd seen, what they'd felt. Wasn't that magic?
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|It was full of wounding remarks rather brilliantly said, perhaps said for the sheer virtuosity of giving pain neatly. Each of its phrases found its way through the eyes of the Marquesa, then, carefully wrapped in understanding and forgiveness, it sank into her heart.
Sunday Adelaja|When you overcome fear, you will be strengthened by faith
Salman Rushdie, Imaginary Homelands: Essays and Criticism 1981-1991|One great idea of the biblical revelation is that God is manifest in the ordinary, in the actual, in the daily, in the now, in the concrete incarnations of life, and not through purity codes and moral achievement contests, which are seldom achieved anyway… We do not think ourselves into new ways of living, we live ourselves into new ways of thinking… The most courageous thing we will ever do is to bear humbly the mystery of our own reality.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Sometimes you must do crazy things to discover the life beyond your life, to enter the unknown zone beyond your known zone!
N. R. Narayana Murthy|One of the things that's great about New York is that it is not a one-industry town. It has education, academia, the service industry, arts, publishing, theater, politics, fashion, finance, as well as movie-making.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Have you got a local mind? Broaden it! Have you got an international mind? Broaden it! Have you got a universal mind? It is not enough, because there are other universes. Broaden it! Broaden your mind till you get a multi-universal mind! And yet, this is not enough too! Broaden it! Leave your village; leave your city; leave your country; leave the earth; leave the universe; leave all the universes! Don’t let your mind to cast anchor in any port! Narrow mind is the greatest enemy of the truth! The best mind is the one which has no frontiers!
Queen Rania of Jordan|You've got to have a dream... if you don't have any big dreams, nothing happens.
Mildred D. Taylor, Let the Circle Be Unbroken|On that walk around the building, two sets of cops coming out stopped to tell our guys to hustle us inside so they could head back out on the road. Accidents everywhere. A pileup oneach of two major roads. “Welcome to winter,” one said. “When fifty percent of drivers should have their licenses temporarily suspended.
Severo Ochoa|Privacy with medical information is a fallacy. If everyone's information is out there, it's part of the collective.
Bill Bryson, In a Sunburned Country|To be sure, Judas Iscariot was not exactly the sort of character that Christian Mjomba - or anyone else at St. Augustine’s Seminary for that matter - would have wanted to be nicknamed after. But the fact was that Mjomba had never made a secret of his views on the world. Everyone in the seminary brotherhood knew his stand on apartheid and things like that; and they were considered very liberal. In the conservative environment that prevailed at St. Augustine’s Seminary, they were also tantamount to betrayal! It was about the most unsavory that anyone could have wished to be associated with. But that was the label he had got stuck with.	Everybody knew, besides, that it wasn’t some uninformed gentile or misguided unbeliever who had betrayed the Deliverer and handed Him to His killers. And Judas Iscariot wasn’t just anybody either. Judas was one of the twelve who had been handpicked by the Deliverer to form the core of the convocation that would become the Sancta Ecclesia. In addition to being the Deliverer’s purse bearer, Judas Iscariot also drank wine from the same cup as his Master! The man who would betray the Deliverer with a kiss was a member of the inner circle of the burgeoning Christ Fellowship; and, before long, his name had become so repulsive even among Romans, it had replaced that of Brutus, the friend of Cæsar who had conspired with others and stabbed the emperor in the back, as a symbol of betrayal. A traitor par excellence!Whenever Mjomba thought about Judas’ betrayal of the Messiah of the world with a kiss, it was not the act of betrayal itself that came to mind. It was not even the chilling words “Would’st thou betray thy Master with a kiss, Judas?” that were addressed to the betrayer by the Deliverer in the moment when Judas, no doubt representing all humanity, embraced the Nazarene and kissed him on the cheek so the temple’s constabulary wouldn’t grab and take into custody the wrong person! It was the Deliverer’s address to Peter a little earlier on in the Upper House as the fisherman, who himself would swear that he did not know the Nazarene, not once but three times, in front of a shivering crowd not long afterward, balked at the notion of the miracle worker and Son of Man could stoop to wash his (the fisherman’s) dirty feet, namely “Not all are clean, Peter!” And that was, in all probability, after Judas’s feet had already been washed by the Nazarene.That, in any event, was the character after whom Christian Mjomba had been nicknamed by his buddies in what he initially regarded as something that was itself an act of betrayal. The traitors! He could not understand how people could be so insensitive about the feelings of others! And even though he had never said it, he had never liked it a bit - until he started work on his theological thesis."- Joseph M. Luguya, Humans: The Untold Story of Adam and Eve and their Descendants
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|Vampyre refers to a corpse that has returned from the dead to drink the blood of the living. Similar creatures were said to haunt the rural villages of nearly every Slavic nation. Not surprisingly, each culture gave their monster its own name (e.g., vukodlak in Serbia, strigoii in Romania, eretika in Russia, insurance salesman in…well, never mind).
Dada Bhagwan|If a man keeps on talking negatively and we scold him, what is that tantamount to? It is like kicking the door of a latrine because it smells bad; will kicking it make it smell good?
Ivana Hruba|I read this on the gates to a village cemetery: What you are, we used to be. What we are, you’re going to be. — It puts things in perspective, doesn’t it?
Chris Green, Cutting to the Heart|If once he has got the right fingering, plays in good time, with the notes fairly correct, then only pull him up about the rendering; and when he has arrived at that stage, don’t let him stop for the sake of small faults, but point them out to him when he has played the piece through. . . I have always adopted this plan; it soon forms musicians which, after all, is one of the first aims of art and it gives less trouble both to master and pupil.
Petina Gappah|Barbecue is the good old technique of people making a fire and putting some stuff over the top - I mean, look at the S'more: it's just got a stick. A lot of those goofy toys, it's people who are looking at things to do. I think if you focus on the food, at the most you need tongs or a spoon to flip something; that's about it.
Poppy Delevingne|The key to doing 'Harold and Kumar' movies is you make it earnest. Primarily what we do is make Harold and Kumar's relationship and friendship believable, and we don't actually work on being that funny.
Antonin Scalia|State and local law enforcement are the primary protectors of the health, safety, and welfare of the people in the individual states.
Heather Dixon|Oh, sir!" Lord Teddie bounced on his feet. "Sir, I read about this sort of thing once, sir! The only way to solve it is to kill both of them. It was in the Bible!"The silence rung. Lord Teddie cowered at the King's look."Ah, never mind," he said.
Ricky Skaggs|This is something I've wanted to do my whole life is play baseball, and I think just the opportunity to put on a big-league uniform every day is just... you know, people dream of it, but not everybody gets to do it. I'm thankful every day I get to do it.
Richard Nixon|Without free speech one cannot claim other liberties, or defend them when they are attacked. Without free speech one cannot have a democratic process, which requires the statement and testing of policy proposals and party platforms. Without free speech one cannot have a due process at law, in which one can defend oneself, accuse, collect and examine evidence, make a case or refute one. Without free speech there cannot be genuine education and research, enquiry, debate, exchange of information, challenges to falsehood, questioning of governments, proposal and examination of opinion. Without free speech there cannot be a free press, which...is necessary...as one of the two essential estates of a free society (the other being an independent judiciary).
Kyle West, The Wasteland Chronicles: Omnibus Edition|Even if such beauty wasn't meant to be in a world so fallen as ours, that didn't take away from its beauty. It only made it more beautiful.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|He couldn't suppress the grin that curves his lips. "In fact, I'm the only man who belongs in your bed from now on.
Aldous Huxley|Democracy is worth dying for, because it's the most deeply honorable form of government ever devised by man.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Qué lindo es sonar despierto, he says. How lovely it is to dream while you are awake. Dream while you are awake, Andre. Anybody can dream while they're asleep, but you need to dream all the time, and say your dreams out loud, and believe in them.In other words, when in the final of a slam, I must dream. I must play to win.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I think: I would like to take N back to a story right now, like a rake.  I would say, "Oh, this rake is uneven. Do you have any where the tines go straight across?" I would like to do a straight exchange. But there are things that cannot be returned. Errant husbands are one of them. Wives are not. Wives can be exchanged; I have always known this.
Stephen King, Joyland|We're not quite ending where we began, but close enough.Close enough.
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|Nick stands up and offers his hand to me. I have no idea what he wants, but what the hell, I take his hand anyway, and he pulls me up on my feet then presses against me for a slow dance and it's like we're in a dream where he's Christopher Plummer and I'm Julie Andrews and we're dancing on the marble floor of an Austrian terrace garden. Somehow my head presses Nick's t-shirt and in this moment I am forgetting about time and Tal because maybe my life isn't over. Maybe it's only beginning.
Kavita Bhupta Ghosh, Wanted Back-Bencher and Last-Ranker Teacher|... Let me start with the top mistakes that teachers make. Some of these mistakes are forced on teachers by a badly designed education system, and some are ones that teachers make no matter what they are teaching or which system they are teaching in. Some of these are less than obvious, so let's consider them one-by-one.1. Assuming that there is some kind of learning, other than learning by doing.2. Believing that a teacher's job is assessment.3. Thinking there is something that everyone must know in order to proceed.4. Thinking that students are not worried about the purpose of what they are being taught.5. Thinking that studying can replace repeated practice as a key learning technique.6. Thinking that because students have chosen to take your course, they have an interest in learning what you plan to teach them.7. Correcting a student who is doing something wrong by telling them what to do instead.8. Thinking that a student remembers what you just taught him.
Jonathan Taylor Thomas|Success is always temporary. When all is said and one, the only thing you'll have left is your character.
Marlen Haushofer, The Wall|Imagination makes people oversensitive,vulnerable and exposed. Perhaps it's a form of degeneracy. I have never held the shortcomings of the unimaginative against them. Sometimes I've even envied them: they have an easier and more pleasant life than everyone else.
John le Carré|His intuition was luminous from the instant you met him. So was his intelligence. A lot of actors act intelligent, but Philip was the real thing: a shining, artistic polymath with an intelligence that came at you like a pair of headlights and enveloped you from the moment he grabbed your hand, put a huge arm round your neck and shoved a cheek against yours; or if the mood took him, hugged you to him like a big, pudgy schoolboy, then stood and beamed at you while he took stock of the effect. (About Philip Seymour Hoffman)
Malti Bhojwani|He did not speak; merely looked at her with an expression she had seen traces of before but never fully understood until that moment. It was more apology than accusation---a dark stare of acknowledgment that told her he had long since seen his own fate in her actions, and had long since ceased to hold her responsible.
Stuart Dybek, Childhood and Other Neighborhoods: Stories|I'm not doing it for media attention, not doing it for sponsors, not for money.
Tim McGraw|Today, the growing economic and social pressures in our country are putting millions of women, children and families at increased risk of abuse and neglect, especially when families are denied basic support services and economic opportunity.
Dave Matthes, Bar Nights|Life will hack off your head and shit down your neck every chance it gets. I've found that consuming drugs and booze, listening to music and always having an excuse in the best way to tip the scales.
Michael Swanwick|Perfection is death,' Anastasia said. 'The world is imperfect, but if it weren't, who would love it?
Henry Ward Beecher|Do not mock my baby." He pulls away and strokes his palm over he seat. "She was my first love.""Well your current ... er ... girl, is getting jealous with all the attention you're paying your first love, and she has orifices you can stick things in without having your boy bits burnt off."He pulls me into him again and his mouth goes to work on my neck. “Fuck I love it when you talk dirty.
Steven Erikson, House of Chains|If we have, through grace, an interest in Him who is the Fountain, we may rejoice in him when the streams of temporal mercies are dried up.
Samuel Butler|Truth might be heroic, but it was not within the range of practical domestic politics.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|To be told that one can be dependent on one's parents until age 26 should strike a young person who wants to grow up as demeaning, not as something to celebrate.
Barack Obama|I've got daughters. Nine years old and six years old. First of all, I'm gonna teach them about values and morals. But if they make a mistake, I don't want them PUNISHED with a baby.
Andrew Bird|In battle, you forgive a man anything except an unwillingness to take risks. Sometimes you have to put it on the line.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Just last week I was telling a dear friend how I'd rather not exist in a world where toxic thrives. There are so much enmity plaguing this creed, how we hurt others because we think our idea of faith is supreme, how our interpretation of knowledge is above theirs, how every little whisper we turn into a howl. We forget that only He knows. Our existence are but mysteries; who are we to scar, to burn, to leave marks, to solve this enigma for others, to play God.The Friday prayer sermon just this afternoon, spoke to me in such illuminating affirmations. Knowledge, especially in faith, is akin to Light. Light binds, not divides. We seek light not out of fear of the darkness but at a promise to gain clarity. This is our intimate journey, how we move towards that Light is ours to make. Like a blind man, like moths at night, a child yearning, just do not stand in their paths, my friend. Your forehead kisses the same Earth like they do, your knees bend the same curve, and each night, your spine collapses just the same. Do not be the lips that question an arm sleeved with tattoos or hair uncovered by cloth or sins not yours, instead be lips that observes silence, kindness and always, prayers for all. I hope your heart does not make space for words like "Kafir", "infidel", "shirk" and instead be a room with gardens and an ocean of calmness. Even our Beloved won't be a judge for another being; Let GodYou seek knowledge not to draw boundaries between yourself and others, you seek for this overwhelming gravity of unknowing needs you to always be finding ways to be closer to Him. You seek knowledge to know Him not to make known to others. You have every right to continue seeking, to have your palms heavenwards every night begging to be illuminated. This is your deeper conversation, go on, just you and God.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|They all seem infected with a vivaciousness that isn't common in our compound, and there are more smiles on their faces than I've ever seen at once. And yet as I watch them, I feel more intensely than ever the knowledge that I'm not one of them. For these moral humans, birthdays are a kind of countdown to the end, the ticking clock of a dwindling life. For me, birthdays are notches on an infinite timeline. Will I grow tired of parties one day? Will my birthday become meaningless? I imagine myself centuries from now, maybe at my three-hundredth birthday, looking all the way back to my seventeenth. How will I possibly be happy, remembering the light in my mother's eyes? The swiftness of Uncle Antonio's steps as he dances? The way my father stands on edge of the courtyard, smiling in that vague, absent way of his? The scene shifts and blues in my imagination. As if brushed away by some invisible broom, these people whom I've known my entire life disappear. The courtyard is empty, bare, covered in decaying leaves. I imagine Little Cam deserted, with everyone dead and gone and only me left in the shadows. Forever.
Martin Parr|Design should not dominate things, should not dominate people. It should help people. That's its role.
Gift Gugu Mona|Never underestimate the power of Faith because when nothing seems possible, Faith makes it possible.
Christopher  Dutton|Spirituality is the poetry of our experience. Science is the gauge of our reality. Together, they create the essence of our humanity.
Sunday Adelaja|Intuition is beyond the scope of our mind, it is surprising, but it is the fact of life
Don Rickles|There's the famous quote that if you want to understand how animals live, you don't go to the zoo, you go to the jungle. The Future Lab has really pioneered that within Lego, and it hasn't been a theoretical exercise. It's been a real design-thinking approach to innovation, which we've learned an awful lot from.
Amit Abraham|After I die if I am buried I will rot. If I am burnt I will become ash but if my body is donated I will live to give life and happiness to many."  "Live life after death - pledge to donate your body.
Nella Larsen, Quicksand|But there was, she knew, something else. Happiness, she supposed. Whatever that might be. What, exactly, she wondered, was happiness. Very positively she wanted it.
John Ashbery, Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror|You do not need God and Death as precursors to immortality. You need Life as a great fire, setting you and everything around you into a blaze.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|In an age of sophistic over-complexity, simplicity can be useful.
Harvey Mason, Jr.|I don't think of Home Depot as romantic, but I do think the Christmas wonderland they put up during the holidays is magical. That is what Home Depot is to me, and that is the only romantic thing about it.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
Wilton Barnhardt, Emma Who Saved My Life|...if a man’s thirst is quenched by power, then all other desires are of no worth to him.
Timothy J. Keller, Every Good Endeavor: Connecting Your Work to God's Plan for the World|It was not the sorrow of the world that broke the heart of Christ, but its wickedness. He was equal to its sorrow ... He began by being the world's healer. But what broke him was its sin.
H. P. Lovecraft|Never be in a hurry; do everything quietly and in a calm spirit. Do not lose your inner peace for anything whatsoever, even if your whole world seems upset.
Jagdish Joghee, The Colour of Love: Trumpets and bugles, there was music all over...|Call it arrogance or male chauvinism, the male ego just doesn’t allow a woman to participate in key issues in family. Men seldom realize that it’s the housewife who has the most difficult job in the world: waking up early, preparing breakfast, getting the children ready for school, preparing lunch, cleaning up the mess at home and so much more. Even before they can some rest, the doorbell would ring and the children are back from school. Then, the routine again, and by the end of the day, they were tired. Women in the family are the last to sleep and the first to wake up. Sometimes, even during a crisis in the family or when there is a dispute, it’s the lady of the house that stands rock solid to calm things down and face challenges head on.
Melissa Marr, Graveminder|I was about to run, possibly fight, definitely scream...
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|Mr. President, not only are you disastrous for the land, you are the man who must be held responsible for all the sins of the cowards, the cowards who were fooled into electing you as president.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Be brave and upright. Shred the fake mask of humility into pieces. And put on the mask of arrogance if needed. Take the whole responsibility of your surrounding society on your own shoulders. If you consider yourself a human being, who cares for humanity, then, become a brave responsible citizen of the whole world. If not a big banyan tree, at least be like a mango tree under the shade of which a few people can rest. You are the architects of this beautiful world. Build it your way. And nourish it with your modern conscience.
Leila Sales, Tonight the Streets Are Ours|If you're going to have the tortured soul of an artist, then you might as well create some art while you're at it.
Alice Henderson, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Vol. 1|Six a.m.!" Xander cried. "I know that's a number on my clock, but I've never actually been awake to personally witness it!
Ashley Jensen|When I was a kid, for my birthday every year, my mother made me pasta bechamel, which is rigatoni with a white cream sauce.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, Balancing Work, Relationships & Life in Three Simple Steps|Our mind can move directly and aggressively on impulse, while our spirit moves gently and calmly on our intuition.
Bertolt Brecht|Some party hack decreed that the peoplehad lost the government's confidenceand could only regain it with redoubled effort.If that is the case, would it not be be simpler,If the government simply dissolved the peopleAnd elected another?
Beth Pattillo|She was of traditional build herself, but her figure was largely concealed by the folds of a generously cut shift dress made out of a flecked green fabric. It was like a tent, thought Mma Ramotswe--a camouflage tent of the sort that the Botswana Defence Force might use. But I do not sit in judgement on the dresses of others, she told herself, and a tent was a practical enough garment, if that is what one felt comfortable in.
Shira Anthony, Blue Notes|It would never have occurred to him that in placing the apricot in my palm he was giving me his ass to hold or that, in biting the fruit, I was also biting into that part of his body that must have been fairer than the rest because it never apricates - and near it, if I dared to bite that far, his apricock.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|All we have to do to see is open our eyes and look. As we teach what we learn, I am in essence talking to myself.
Rebecca Mader|People say, 'Gee, you do a lot of mafia movies.' I think I've done two, out of 60.
Susie M. Hanley, Muse|So his flunkies are what, pirates?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|If there is one thing Voldemort cannot understand, it is love.
Krishna Sagar|I don't always have thoughts, but when I do, they're deep.
Harriet Ann Jacobs|People are taken aback by a confident, pretty girl who knows what she wants in life and isn't going to let anyone get in her way. And you know what it's all about? Jealousy.
Ben Robertson, Red Hills and Cotton|It was not the goal that really concerned us, the journey was the thing. Who ever reaches any goal? From what journey can we return? We know of the poverty about us, of the work and worry, but we know of a degree of freedom, of a stunted beauty. We have warm open days and sunshine in Carolina. Much is denied us. But we have, we have. And an attitude is more powerful than any circumstance.
Heidi W. Durrow, The Girl Who Fell from the Sky|It's easy to smile just to make other people feel better. But when a person fakes happy, it has edges. Regular people may not see, but the people who count, they can see edges and lines where smile ends and the real you, the sadness (me) or the anger (Grandma) begins.
Steven Gary Blank, The Four Steps to the Epiphany: Successful Strategies for Startups That Win|My advice was to start a policy of making reversible decisions before anyone left the meeting or the office. In a startup, it doesn’t matter if you’re 100 percent right 100 percent of the time. What matters is having forward momentum and a tight fact-based data/metrics feedback loop to help you quickly recognize and reverse any incorrect decisions. That’s why startups are agile. By the time a big company gets the committee to organize the subcommittee to pick a meeting date, your startup could have made 20 decisions, reversed five of them and implemented the fifteen that worked.
Mira Grant, Feed|...they come to us, these restless dead,Shrouds woven from the words of men,With trumpets sounding overhead(The walls of hope have grown so thinAnd all our vaunted innocenceHas withered in this endless frost)That promise little recompenseFor all we risk, for all we've lost...
Debasish Mridha|When you are seeing a person, you are not really seeing him. You are seeing his reflection through the mirror of your mind.
David Cameron|The Federal government does not have any information about extraterrestrial life to conceal, and there are no secret projects for me to investigate.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|When you're a black woman, her mother said, ain't no hiding what you are. Day you try, is the day you die. Stand tall, smile bright, and let 'em wonder what secret's making you laugh.
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|Power makes you lazy. Insofar as our earlier theoretical discussion of structural violence revealed anything, it was this: that while those in situations of power and privilege often feel it as a terrible burden of responsibility, in most ways, most of the time, power is all about what you don't have to worry about, don't have to know about, and don't have to do.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|A library at night is full of sounds: the unread books can't stand it any longer and announce their contents, some boasting, some shy, some devious.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|We cannot change outcomes, but we can change causes
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|There were opium-dens, where one could buy oblivion, dens of horror where the memory of old sins could be destroyed by the madness of sins that were new.
Sulari Gentill, Chasing Odysseus|To live the life the gods have given you, you must clutch wisely, then run. Run like the houds of hell on a sinner's scent!
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|Those who take lightly promises they make to those they love are people who find little lasting satisfaction in life. This is not an easy time in which to live. That does not mean that it has to be a difficult time to love, but it does mean that you will find unusual stresses upon your lives and your relationship.
Frances Beinecke|Investing in women and girls may once have been considered a radical notion or even a waste of resources, but in most places in the world today, women and girls are increasingly recognized as a critical link to greater prosperity, political stability, better health and public policy.
Elizabeth Eulberg, Better off Friends|We switch to another language-- not our invented language or the language we've learned from our lives. As we walk further up the mountain, we speak the language of silence. This language gives us time to think and move. We can be here and elsewhere at the same time.
Philip Appleman|GERTRUDEGertrude Appleman, 1901-1976God is all-knowing, all-present, and almighty. --A Catechism of Christian DoctrineI wish that all the peoplewho peddle Godcould watch my mother die:could see the skin andgristle weighing onlyseventy-nine, every stubbornpound of flesh a smalldeath.I wish the people who peddle Godcould see her young,lovely in gardens andbeautiful in kitchens, and could watchthe hand of God slowlytwisting her knees and fingerstill they gnarled and knotted, settling infor thirty years of pain.I wish the people who peddle Godcould see the lightningof His cancer stabbingher, that small frametensing at every shock,her sweet contralto scratchy withthe Lord’s infection: Philip,I want to die.I wish I had them gathered round,those preachers, popes, rabbis,imams, priests – everypious shill on God’s payroll – and Iwould pull the sheets from my mother’s brittle body,and they would fall on their knees at her bedsideto be forgiven all theirfaith.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|I have known both of you all your lives, have carried your Daddy in my arms and on my shoulders, kissed and spanked him and watched him learn to walk. I don’t know if you’ve known anybody from that far back; if you’ve loved anybody that long, first as an infant, then as a child, then as a man, you gain a strange perspective on time and human pain and effort. Other people cannot see what I see whenever I look into your father’s face, for behind your father’s face as it is today are all those other faces which were his. Let him laugh and I see a cellar your father does not remember and a house he does not remember and I hear in his present laughter his laughter as a child. Let him curse and I remember him falling down the cellar steps, and howling, and I remember, with pain, his tears, which my hand or your grandmother’s so easily wiped away. But no one’s hand can wipe away those tears he sheds invisibly today, which one hears in his laughter and in his speech and in his songs.
David Harvey, A Companion to Marx's Capital|The childhood sexual abuse taught me that my value came from sex. In adulthood, I was driven to have sex since I always felt worthless. I felt important and desired until it was over and then I felt like garbage—the same way I did after the abuse. I desperately needed to feel valued again, which led to more sex. My sex addiction only stopped when I believed that I’m valuable apart from anything I do.
Carina Aguilar|Don't ask me to define love, for love cannot be explained. It can only be felt.
Adam Selzer, I Kissed a Zombie, and I Liked It|The story goes that one day Socrates stood gazing at a stall that sold allkinds of wares. Finally he said, “What a lot of things I don’t need!
Charlotte Brontë|Swifts, on a fine morning in May, flying this way, that way, sailing around at a great hight, perfectly happily. Then, one leaps onto the back of another, grasps tightly and forgetting to fly they both sink down and down, in a great dying fall, fathom after fathom, until the female utters a loud, piercing cry of ecstasy.
Anita Shreve, The Last Time They Met|When she leaned forward to mess with the AC vents, her hair brushed against my leg and it was really soft. It made remember all over again. It made it hard to stay pissed and keep her at arm's length the way I'd planned. It was pretty near damn impossible. When I was near her, I just wanted to grab her and hold her and kiss the shit out of her. Maybe then she'd forget about my asshole of a brother.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|I'd believed mine was the greatest of all the arts, the noblest of all the lies, the creation of hope. I thought hope could overcome everything, but I was wrong. Hope cannot overcome truth. Hope and truth cannot co-exist. Truth destroys hope. The most savage cruelties man inflicts on man are committed in the pursuit of truth. My last lie had been the most honest, the most honorable of them all, for there is an art greater even than the creation of hope. The greatest art of all is the destruction of truth.
George Orwell, 1984|However she redefined herself, that part of one that made for the core of the self, that part that we think of as the ultimate, inner being—that was ineradicable Scottish. That part spoke with a Scottish voice; that part looked out through Scottish eyes; and it was that part that now welled within her as she gazed out through the window of the descending plane and saw below her the rolling Borders hills…
David Graeber, Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology|In a democracy, people always vote for their alike! Pig for the pig, raven for the raven! Dull for the dull, wise for the wise!
Mara|We’re giving Our Book to Earth so that All Earth Souls will Open up to the Universe and be aware of Our Existence.Through this awareness Earth Souls can Progress more and gain a clearer Understanding of Life after Death.There are too many Closed Minds on the Earth Plane. We are asking Earth Souls to Open Their Minds and Souls. That’s the only way they will Progress back to the Universe.In the Universe, Progress, and Learning never stop. It is Eternal.Growth and Development in the Universe is far more rewarding than any rewards found on the Earth Plane – as long as the Soul is willing to Work.The Pyramids are Very Spiritual, and they represent the Universe’s Triad.The Pyramids were given to Earth by the Universe, and Thought Power built them.The Pyramids were built for the whole Earth to use to help all find themselves in their own Inner Soul.This Power was taken away from them because greed and selfishness took over the people on the Earth Plane without leaving room for even a bit of love.
Jeanne Safer Jeanne Safer Ph.D.|When you look in the mirror, your difficult sibling always looks back, though the image is distorted. In the shadows lurk parts of yourself and your past that you don't want to notice. Behind the reflection, silently influencing the interaction, stand your parents, your grandparents, and all their siblings.
Peter Rushforth, Kindergarten|Larger than life character; a couple of hundred years ago he would have been a pirate. "When in evil company, try to blend in" - that was one of his.
DeBorrah K. Ogans, The Enchanting Legends Of Shiloh Mansion: The Young King|We are forever becoming! We never arrive, as long as we are on this side of Heaven there is more to learn.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|When you give, you will be blessed. When you give, it will be given back to you.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Nothing in this universe is able to complete its travel on the road of infinity! Because the road is very very long, travellers eventually get tired and turn into autumn leaves!
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|Whether it’s an Iraqi widow mourning her dead loved ones standing helplessly in the rubble of her former home or a dying soldier in an Iraqi city street asking, “Why, God? Why is this happening? Where are you?” I can’t help but wonder the same. You realize that there is no justice, no karmic retribution swift enough, and that happy endings are a terrible, terrible lie. We are all subject to the same blind boot stomp and our luck is merely where we happen to be standing when death inevitably comes roaring down upon us.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Once you beat yourself,you will beat the world.
Ufuoma Apoki|For every decision a 'man' makes, he makes it with the best of the depth of knowledge he possess at that particular instant and the quality of experiences he's passed through. It's not an excuse though for mediocrity, but an avenue to learn, rise, and conquer your inefficient self. By inference, beyond an extreme line, there might not necessarily be a qualification of a choice as wrong or right, but an avenue to grow depending on how the intricacies of such a choice and its consequences are handled.
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Few ever found enlightenment in haste, and nobody will ever discover it in gibberish
Jeh Johnson|In my view, targeted lethal force is at its least controversial when it is on its strongest, most traditional legal foundation. The essential mission of the U.S. military is to capture or kill an enemy. Armies have been doing this for thousands of years. As part of a congressionally authorized armed conflict, the foundation is even stronger.
Lord Byron|Teach your children poetry; it opens the mind, lends grace to wisdom and makes the heroic virtues hereditary.
Hugh Grant|By working in the morning, I find a sense of peace; it's isolated peace, but I can definitely be in touch with my feelings, and then I just start.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Be Brave. Bravery takes fortitude—put yourself on the line, even if you risk failing, falling, being embarrassed, or looking stupid—if being brave were easy, more people would be. Just try it!
Patricia A. McKillip, Firebirds Rising: An Anthology of Original Science Fiction and Fantasy|Orma moved a pile of books off a stool for me but seated himself directly on another stack. This habit of his never ceased to amuse me. Dragons no longer hoarded gold; Comonot's reforms had outlawed it. For Orma and his generation, knowledge was treasure. As dragons through the ages had done, he gathered it and then he sat on it.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|It's not what you have on the outside that glitters in light, it's what you have on the inside that shines in the dark.
ShahenshahHK|This hinted at something that no one had ever suspected -- that the brain tracks moving things more easily that still things. We have a built-in bias toward detecting action. Why? Because it's probably more critical for animals to spot moving things (predators, prey, falling trees) than static things, which can wait. In fact, our vision is so biased toward movement that we don't technically see stationary objects at all. To see something stationary, our brains have to scribble our eyes subtly over its surface. Experiments have even proven that if you artificially stabilize an image on the retina with a combination of special contact lenses and microelectronics, the image will vanish.
Rollo May|At the end of our time on earth  if we have lived fully  we will not be able to say  "I was always happy." Hopefully  we will be able to say  "I have experienced a lifetime of real moments  and many of them were happy moments."
Franco Santoro|Life is a relentless expulsion from where we come from and an ongoing deportation to alien realms. We are in exile and our greatest dream is to return to the lost land. It is the greatest dream because no matter how long our exile is going to last, the dream will remain. It is the greatest dream because when we finally care only for this dream, then our exile will be over.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|You don't mean to say that Hogan has turned into a woman? Why, yes, that's him all right, you can recognize him by the fact that he has two legs, two arms, and an indecipherable face. Man, woman, what difference does it make? Are they not all exactly the same, these little black insects with their rhythmic movements, the same eyes, the same thoughts?
C.S. Lewis, The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis, Volume 3: Narnia, Cambridge, and Joy, 1950 - 1963|Remember He is the artist and you are only the picture. You can't see it. So quietly submit to be painted---i.e., keep fulfilling all the obvious duties of your station (you really know quite well enough what they are!), asking forgiveness for each failure and then leaving it alone.You are in the right way. Walk---don't keep on looking at it.
Robert Hand|The better you feel about yourself, the less you feel the need to show off.
Sam Harris|We read the Golden Rule and judge it to be a brilliant distillation of many of our ethical impulses. And then we come across another of God’s teachings on morality: if a man discovers on his wedding night that his bride is not a virgin, he must stone her to death on her father’s doorstep (Deuteronomy 22:13-21).
Carl-John X. Veraja|Addicts don't like when you tell them they are all the same. Of course not. Who would? But to me, addicts are like actresses, who all audition for the same role in a horror movie. It doesn't matter how they got to the audition. It doesn't matter how or where they grew up, once they get to the audition, all the actresses act in the same way and read the same lines. They all become the same character.
Jim Carrey|Skydiving is special because it's almost the closest to an out-of-body experience you can have. We live in such a stimulated, connected, busy world - to be up in the air with nothing but yourself and the landscape is incredibly peaceful.
Elon Musk|America isn't Congress. America isn't Washington. America is the striving immigrant who starts a business, or the mom who works two low-wage jobs to give her kid a better life. America is the union leader and the CEO who put aside their differences to make the economy stronger.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To understand fully the importance of music, you must try to imagine a world without music! Such a world would be a world of hopelessness and boredom!
Leon Panetta|Becoming an author changes your attitude too. Once you see where books come from, and how they're made, they never seem quite as sacred again.
M.A. George, Relativity|And you’re okay with this?...” I studied his calm expression, my own features anything but calm.“Noooo…” Aeron drew the word out lazily with a slow, deliberate shake of his head. His face remained strangely composed.“Then can I please have some of whatever sedative you took…because this,” I waved my hand, motioning from his head to his feet, “is way too cool under pressure.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|I was just cleaning up my own mess, Baz. Like, no one would call you a hero for cleaning up your own vomit.
William Lane Craig, Reasonable Faith|‎"If there is no God, then man and the universe are doomed. Like prisoners condemned to death, we await our unavoidable execution. There is no God, and there is no immortality. And what is the consequence of this? It means that life itself is absurd. It means that the life we have is without ultimate significance, value, or purpose.
Audrey Hepburn|I finished my first book seventy-six years ago. I offered it to every publisher on the English-speaking earth I had ever heard of. Their refusals were unanimous: and it did not get into print until, fifty years later; publishers would publish anything that had my name on it.
Avijeet Das|You can't take love for granted! You need to be patient. And just as flowers take time to blossom, love will one day blossom in your heart!
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|In my opinion the main evil of the present democratic institutions of the United States does not arise, as is often asserted in Europe, from their weakness, but from their overpowering strength; and I am not so much alarmed at the excessive liberty which reigns in that country as at the very inadequate securities which exist against tyranny.
Tsai Ing-wen|Countries with higher levels of gender equality have higher economic growth. Companies with more women on their boards have higher returns. Peace agreements that include women are more successful. Parliaments with more women take up a wider range of issues - including health, education, anti-discrimination, and child support.
Mark Twain|The trade of critic, in literature, music, and the drama, is the most degraded of all trades.
Sally Clarkson, The Mission of Motherhood: Touching Your Child's Heart for Eternity|As a young father it's important to remember that, when you're at the beach, there's a BIG difference between telling your five year old son to just go pee in the ocean and telling him to get in the water at least waist deep and then pee in the ocean.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|Our cells stimulate our pain receptors in order to get our brain to focus and pay attention. Once my brain acknowledges the existence of the pain, then it has served its purpose and either lightens up in intensity, or goes away.
Ryan Reynolds|I've always really been a romantic at heart, and I have always wanted kids, and I think the idea of sharing your life with the right person is amazing, actually.
Eden Butler, Infinite Us|Narrow-minded historians will say there's no proof that [Meriwether] Lewis was dude-loving. Another telling indication was that his Newfoundland dog was named "Seaman". Talk about a Freudian slip. What straight man like to go around saying "Seaman, come! Seaman, come!" amid a group of strapping beefcake?
Brenda Shaughnessy, Our Andromeda|In most families, care-giving becomes the woman's responsibility. While care-giving can enrich you, it can also deplete you if you don't have support or make time for self care.
Yahtzee Croshaw|Well we've left behind the 200X's, and we move onto the 20XX's. Maybe that will finally make us feel like we're living in the future, rather than a media controlled slave state where an iPhone is worth substantially more than a human life. Happy new year.
William Moulton Marston|The only hope for civilization is the greater freedom, development and equality of women.
Steven Magee|If you think that your partner has been cheating, then take a look at their will. If a past lover is in there, then it is probable that some form of infidelity has occurred.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Not many get to see this side of him. So, if you do, know that you’re lucky.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|I never see a ship sailing out of the channel, or a gull soaring over the sand-bar, without wishing I were on board the ship or had wings, not like a dove 'to fly away and be at rest,’ but like a gull, to sweep out into the very heart of the storm.
Khaled Hosseini|there is a God, there always has been. I see him here, in the eyes of the people in this [hospital] corridor of desperation. This is the real house of God, this is where those who have lost God will find Him... there is a God, there has to be, and now I will pray, I will pray that He will forgive that I have neglected Him all of these years, forgive that I have betrayed, lied, and sinned with impunity only to turn to Him now in my hour of need. I pray that He is as merciful, benevolent, and gracious as His book says He is.
Dave Pelzer|On any given day, my father wasn't likely to return from work before I was asleep for the night. I saw that a man's work was important, that he must pursue it tirelessly, and that it might require certain sacrifices, like being away from the warmth and comfort of home.
Diana Lanham, House of Aegea|Without us here to witness, the universe is just pointless physics unfolding.
Jamie Canosa, Temptation|A persons soul reflects more than just their actions. It reflects their thoughts and feelings, their emotions and desires. It reflected all of who you are.
Jack Thanatos, The Gods of Chaos: Dreaming|There is a majesty to lucid dreaming that is almost beyond words. To find yourself present and aware in another world, a universe within your own mind, is simply so far removed from our daily "normal" experiences that it can quite literally take your breath away.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Cemeteries can be creepy, creepy, ‘specially at night.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|The process is important, regardless of the outcome, just ask Schacter.(...)mental health... is not a destination but a process. It's about how you drive, not where you're going. The therapist is like a driving instuctor, not a chauffeur.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|When you're unhappy, you get to pay a lot of attention to yourself. And you get to take yourself oh so very seriously. Your truly happy people, which is to say, your people who truly like themselves, they don't think about themselves very much. Your unhappy person resents it when you try to cheer him up, because that means he has to stop dwellin' on himself and start payin' attention to the universe. Unhappiness is the ultimate form of self-indulgence.
Jimmy Buffett|Being happy isn't necessarily about getting there, it's how you get there.
Ash Gray, The Seaglass Stair|Parmida had never believed in unicorns, not until a stroll through the forests of Sunneth Dol convinced her otherwise. She was a young human woman living in a world where magick was dead and magickal creatures a myth. Elves and fae and magickal beasts had long ago shed their skin and left their bones. It was a world where humans alone now existed, walking in the dark of night, always looking over their shoulder for their inevitable extinction, as if nature were waiting to absorb them next back into her soil.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|If language naturally evolves to serve the needs of tiny rodents with tiny rodent brains, then what's unique about language isn't the brilliant humans who invented it to communicate high-level abstract thoughts. What's unique about language is that the creatures who develop it are highly vulnerable to being eaten.
Rey Mysterio|I was a filmy kid. I was two when I faced the camera for the first time. My parents realised it pretty early, and I'm really thankful to them for their support and help.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|This time, something different happens, though. It’s the daydreaming that does it. I’m doing the usualthing—imagining in tiny detail the entire course of the relationship, from first kiss, to bed, to moving intogether, to getting married (in the past I have even organized the track listing of the party tapes), to howpretty she’ll look when she’s pregnant, to names of children—until suddenly I realize that there’snothing left to actually, like, happen. I’ve done it all, lived through the whole relationship in my head.I’ve watched the film on fast-forward; I know the whole plot, the ending, all the good bit. Now I’ve gotto rewind and watch it all over again in real time, and where’s the fun in that?And fucking … when’s it all going to fucking stop? I’m going to jump from rock to rock for the rest ofmy life until there aren’t any rocks left? I’m going to run each time I get itchy feet? Because I get themabout once a quarter, along with the utilities bills. More than that, even, during British Summer Time.I’ve been thinking with my guts since I was fourteen years old, and frankly speaking, between you andme, I have come to the conclusion that my guts have shit for brains.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|Yes my lord, but questions are dangerous, for they have answers
Douglas Alexander|Of all the questions I get asked as an undocumented immigrant in the United States, there are two - asked in various permutations via email, social media or in person - that chill me to the bone: 'Why don't you just make yourself legal?' And: 'Why don't you get in the back of the line?'
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|When facts give way to faith, then and only then have you unlocked the possibilities within!
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|Sexual intimacy is a relationship, not just body parts coming together. The more comfortable you are with each other outside the bedroom; the easier it is to relax and the sweeter the intimacy!
Henry Cloud, Changes That Heal: How to Understand the Past to Ensure a Healthier Future|From: bluegreen118@gmail.com To: hourtohour.notetonote@gmail.comDate: Jan 7 at 7:23 AMSubject: Re: Really?On the Tumblr-you mean creeksecrets? .....But I really don't think I'm wrong. Jacques a dit. Right?-BlueSo, Yeah, I've been careless. I guess I left a trail of clues. and I shouldn't be surprised that Blue put them together. Maybe I kind of wanted him to.Jacques a dit is "Simon Says" in French, by the way, And it's obviously not as clever as I thought it was.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|Is there a club for bitchiness management, like Alcoholics Anonymous? Because, seriously, I think you should visit it.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|Evil, let it never be mistaken, is real. But it is inferior. It is parasitic. It is incomplete. The moment we take counsel from it, become overwhelmed by it, or put it on an equal footing with the Good of God, it will have become something entirely more dangerous. It becomes an idol.
Heather     James, Fire|That’s when I realized it. I liked this girl. A lot. I liked her super-moist double chocolate chip cupcakes. I liked how kind and patient she was with the guests, the way her forehead crinkled when she was thinking about a problem. I liked her low, soft voice and that long ribbon of platinum-blond hair. I liked the way she looked at the world, as if it were an okay place, where good things were actually possible. 
Heather Simmons, Reinventing Dell|Nobody thought the direct business model would work. But work it did, and spectacularly. Until it didn’t. And therein lies the tale.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The moment you are there You know but the moment cannot be explained for it is beyond language and expression. It is a moment of silence, joy, bliss, void, crying, dancing but nothing confirms to normal.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|In these times, a great leader must be extremely brave. Their leadership must be steered only by their conscience, not a bribe.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|Begin by asking yourself if you are currently showing up to your life, your business, and your relationships in a way that is cultivating an extraordinary life.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Jesus Christ has already come to suffer in the hands of men and He shall least entertain anyone who will disturb Him in eternal eternity in the Kingdom of God! If you want to join Him, ponder!
Alexander Pope|Reason is a supple nymph, and slippery as a fish by nature. She had as leave give her kiss to an absurdity any day, as to syllogistic truth. The absurdity may turn out truer.
Mario Stinger, Destined for Oblivion: As Nature Intended|Billions of years ago God was creating universes and life; thousands of years ago he was creating angry floods, sin-saving human sacrifices and audible burning bushes. Today he occasionally appears on a piece of toast. To state that God has become reclusive over the years would be an overwhelming understatement.
Michael Oher|Rude contact with facts chased my visions and dreams quickly away, and in their stead I beheld the horrors, the corruption, the evils and hypocrisy of society, and as I stood among them, a young wife, a great wail of agony went out from my soul.
Harrish Sairaman|If you have to slog your ass everyday to achieve your goals, you are not doing something RIGHT!!!
Shania Twain|The prevailing - and foolish - attitude is that a good manager can be a good manager anywhere, with no special knowledge of the production process he's managing. A man with a financial background may know nothing about manufacturing shoes or cars, but he's put in charge anyway.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, The Selected Poetry|The sunrise was the colour of bad blood. It leaked out of the east and stained the dark sky red, marked the scraps of the cloud with stolen gold. Underneath it the road twisted up the mountainside towards the fortress of Fontezarmo - a cluster of sharp towers, ash-black again the wounded heavens. The sunrise was red, black and gold.The colours of their profession.
Tamara L. Chilver|I LOVE homeschooling and want others who have been led to do it to love it, too.
Victor Shamas, The Chanters Guide: Sacred Chanting as a Shamanic Practice|Acceptance is an important part of serenity. It is not enough, however, simply to accept the things we cannot change. For me, serenity comes from not having any investment in the outcome. If I am genuinely serene, then it will not matter to me whether things change or stay the same. Either way, I choose to be happy.
Bono|I'm happy when I have, like, one fan, but the fact that I'm getting fans from different places and different communities, it's really amazing.
Liz    Moore, Heft|...this idea I had of an oversoul of loneliness. A connectedness among the world's lonely that I could turn to when I was very low. There was a delicious romance in being utterly alone, & I told myself I was nobler for it, & that there was a purpose to my solitude, O there must be.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|Their eyes were dark and hard and glowing, with no fear in them, no kindness and no guilt.
Warren Rudman|Italy in the first years got food, for the first year or the first periods got food. Then we got raw materials and then we got tool machines, let's say, instruments for working.
Kyle Massey|Through consciousness, our minds have the power to change our planet and ourselves. It is time we heed the wisdom of the ancient indigenous people and channel our consciousness and spirit to tend the garden and not destroy it.
Carl von Clausewitz, On War: Volume 1|If the mind is to emerge unscathed from this relentless struggle with the unforeseen, two qualities are indispensable: first, an intellect that, even in the darkest hour, retains some glimmerings of the inner light which leads to truth; and second, the courage to follow this faint light wherever it may lead.
Anne Fadiman, Ex Libris: Confessions of a Common Reader|When the corpses of [Sir John] Franklin's officers and crew were later discovered, miles from their ships, the men were found to have left behind their guns but to have lugged such essentials as monogrammed silver cutlery, a backgammon board, a cigar case, a clothes brush, a tin of button polish, and a copy of "The Vicar of Wakefield." These men may have been incompetent bunglers, but, by God, they were gentlemen.
Grace Slick|When I was a kid, my father didn't really have much hope for me. He thought I was a dreamer; he didn't think I would amount to anything. My mother also.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible lists in Hebrews 11 the heroes of the faith . . .who were tortured, imprisoned, stoned, torn apart, and killed by the sword. They didn’t wear designer jeans but went about in animal skins, destitute and tormented.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Your salvation is a free gift, made possible only because God planned it . . .Christ paid for it . . . and the Holy Spirit assures you of it.
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Just believe everything I tell you, and it will all be very, very simple.""Ah, well, I'm not sure I believe that.
Sara Wolf, Lovely Vicious|It ain’t whatcha write, it’s the way atcha write it.
|One of the problems with not having gratitude in life is that heaven and earth could be given to one, yet one would still be unhappy.
William Shakespeare|It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories.
Wayne Dyer|Space exploration promised us alien life, lucrative planetary mining, and fabulous lunar colonies. News flash, ladies and gents: Space is nearly empty. It's a sterile vacuum, filled mostly with the junk we put up there.
Sami Abouzid|When you’re scared to death to lose her, know it for sure, you will.
John Gardner, The Art of Fiction: Notes on Craft for Young Writers|The instruction here is not for every kind of writer - not for the writer of nurse books or thrillers or porno or the cheaper sort of sci-fi - though it is true that what holds for the most serious kind of fiction will generally hold for junk fiction as well. (Not everyone is capable of writing junk fiction: It requires an authentic junk mind. Most creative-writing teachers have had the experience of occasionally helping to produce, by accident, a pornographer. The most elegant techniques in the world, filtered through a junk mind, become elegant junk techniques.)
J.R. Moehringer, Sutton|It was about the way a moment, a single moment, could change things and make you decide to try to be someone different.
Bryant McGill|Knowledge is that possession that no misfortune can destroy, no authority can revoke, and no enemy can control. This makes knowledge the greatest of all freedoms.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|And now, it turns out that our mother’s name means benevolence and generosity to people as objects of love! This is both a unique and beautiful name, Charity. “It was one of life’s cruel ironies,” I thought, “that a midwife, or whoever filled in the documents, must have known our mom’s name. I suppose she had a lot of fun naming us Hope and Faith! Or, on the contrary, she sympathized.
Arundhati Bhattacharya|Your insurance broker has your telephone number, but your insurance broker doesn't have your Facebook ID. I think they are very different modes of communication. Commingling them can come with risk and peril.
Lil' Kim|You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A human beings’ perception of reality emanates from viewing the universe, which is in a constant state of creation and destruction. The universe in which we move and work in outlasts human interests, hopes, expectations, and joy, and all forms of aversion, effort, pain, and humiliation. The world outlasts our dreams, love songs, bouts of inanity and anxiety, it outlast regrets, remorse, and shame.
Joseph Alleine, An Alarm to the Unconverted|As it happens I don't think it was God- the woman who saved me, she doesn't look like she's had much to do with angels, Perhaps the Devil was behind me all the time.
Joan Didion, South and West: From a Notebook|Some kind of philosophy undergirds every movie, commercial, lecture, or book. Everything we take into our minds is trying to teach us something about how we should think the world is. (Life Hacks, p.83)
L.G. Abell, A Mother's Book of Traditional Househould Skills|Anyone who prays for the death of his enemy must consider who tempted Jesus Christ, the persecution of the apostles and the Psalm 23 of David
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|We throw away real people searching for the "perfect" person the same way that we throw ourselves away searching for our "perfect" self.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|Without equality, he argued, eugenics would degenerate into yet another mechanism by which the powerful could control the weak.
David Nicholls, One Day|This is me.’" He handed her the precious scrap of paper. ‘Call me or I’ll call you, but one of us will call, yes? What I mean is it’s not a competition. You don’t lose if you phone first.
baeconandeggs, Animae Sine Amore Immortales|Do you think it's really the Boogeyman that killed Brent? You think it's back?""I sincerely hope not.""When you say things like that, I start to cry a little on the inside.
Kenya Wright, Escape|Some people dream of becoming doctors or artists or veterinarians or teachers. I dream of the day Shaye laughs without stopping, and when she does, it will be only to take a breath before starting over again.
Brom, The Child Thief|If you don't learn to laugh at life it'll surely kill you, that I know.
Carson McCullers, The Ballad of the Sad Café and Other Stories|But the hearts of small children are delicate organs. A cruel beginning in this world can twist them into curious shapes. The heart of a hurt child can shrink so that forever afterward it is hard and pitted as the seed of a peach. Or again, the heart of such a child may fester and swell until it is a misery to carry within the body, easily chafed and hurt by the most ordinary things.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, Your Child's Health Abroad: A Manual for Traveling Parents|To some, having children may seem as conducive to travelling as having your feet set in concrete.
Steve Goodier|Happiness is corny. It is a word you do not find in Dorland's medical dictionary. When people are feeling tops, really at peace with themselves and others, they are not happy. In the medical sense, in that condition they are thought of not as happy, they are "euphoric," which, loosely translated, means slap-happy.
Robert Leckie|Our muddy machine gun pits were transformed into Courage Clubs when bombs fell or Japanese warships pounded us from the sea. There was protocol to be observed, too, and it was natural that the poor fellow who might break into momentary terror should cause pained silence and embarrassed coughs. Everyone looked the other way, like millionaires confronted by the horrifying sight of a club member borrowing five dollars from the waiter.
Lionel Suggs|I didn't know the value of creation until I did it. Once I tasted imagination, I knew that I was trapped. I knew that I could never look back. At this point in my life, reality simply isn't enough for me. Dreams simply aren't enough for me. I need something more. I need to live in imagination. I need to become imagination.
Donald Thomas, Villains' Paradise: A History of Britain's Underworld|The importance of setting a date, as in choosing a colour, is a matter of selection. Orange may be seen equally well as 'the decline and fall of red' or 'the rise and triumph of yellow'.
Elizabeth George|The more time you spend with God, the more you will resemble Him.
Sam Killermann|If you can do nothing else, do whatever is in your power to make the people in your life feel completely unashamed of who they are.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Richard Dawkins regards faith as an evil to be eliminated; he takes all religious faith to be blind faith. (Dawkins says) ‘Scientific belief is based on publicly checkable evidence, religious faith not only lacks evidence, its independence from evidence is its joy, shouted from the rooftops.’ However, taking Dawkins own advice we ask: where is the evidence that religious faith is not based on evidence? Mainstream Christianity will insist that faith and evidence are inseparable. Indeed, faith is a response to evidence, not a rejoicing in the absence of evidence. The apostle Paul says what many pioneers of modern science believed, that nature itself is part of the evidence for the existence of God ,‘ Since the creation of the world, God’s invisible qualities- his eternal power and divine nature – have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made. So that men are without an excuse.’ Dawkins’ definition of faith turns out to be the direct opposite of the biblical one. Curious that he does not seem to be aware of the discrepancy.
Emilio Segrè, Enrico Fermi, Physicist|The most striking impression was that of an overwhelming bright light. I had seen under similar conditions the explosion of a large amount—100 tons—of normal explosives in the April test, and I was flabbergasted by the new spectacle. We saw the whole sky flash with unbelievable brightness in spite of the very dark glasses we wore. Our eyes were accommodated to darkness, and thus even if the sudden light had been only normal daylight it would have appeared to us much brighter than usual, but we know from measurements that the flash of the bomb was many times brighter than the sun. In a fraction of a second, at our distance, one received enough light to produce a sunburn. I was near Fermi at the time of the explosion, but I do not remember what we said, if anything. I believe that for a moment I thought the explosion might set fire to the atmosphere and thus finish the earth, even though I knew that this was not possible.
Christine Brodien-Jones, The Glass Puzzle|Food is what I love, and how I communicate love, and how I calm myself.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|Books are my friends, my companions. They make me laugh and cry and find meaning in life.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|Sequel to Albert Einstein's quote "education is what remains after you have forgotten what you learned in school," beauty is what remains inside a body after it has wrinkled.
David Harry, The Padre Puzzle|What’s the hurry? From my experience, dead bodies don’t get any deader.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Never give up, the hope of living.
Katherine Mansfield, A Dill Pickle|Sorrel always thought herself happy in the little village by the sea. She was content among her flowers and specimen trees, the extraordinary roses and lilacs, sweet peas and hydrangeas that bloomed- somehow simultaneously and for months beyond reason- in the Nursery. She found great pleasure in picking the pears, cherries, and apples for Nettie's tarts, the tender young peas and beans, the lettuce so green it glowed, and the nasturtiums and violas that her sister used in her salads. She was grateful for Patience's remedies on the rare occasion when she felt ill. But Sorrel's hands were happiest deep in the soil and curled around the stems of the flowers she grew and arranged.
Stephanie Kuehn, The Smaller Evil|That felt meaningful somehow, like the words on the pages ached for him to know their sorrow.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|But even her demons she invested with inordinate beauty, consecrated them with the dignity of her attention.
Elizabeth Heiter, Disarming Detective|He glanced again at her tightly drawn face as he parked and understood, with sudden, startling clarity, that if they failed to find Tanya alive, then Bella, too, would be lost.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Glass Girl|When Dad was in the middle of a description of the hotel’s laundry facility, I interrupted. “Why haven’t you told me today, like you do every day, that Mom’s going to be better soon?”He looked up then. His gaze locked with mine and held a promise that no matter what he said or didn’t say, he and I would ride this out together. “I haven’t told you that today, Meg, because I don’t know.
Virginia Postrel|I'd stand on the side of the road when I was just a little girl singing on trash cans. People would roll down their windows saying, 'Isn't she cute'. I had a vivid imagination. I always pretended it was some big stage.
Michael Perez|Poetry rhymes, a song our souls need to nourish upon. Poetry is a drum, a sound our bodies wish to have. Poetry is organized, a reading our eyes wish to view. Poetry is refined, a structure our moral selves seek. Poetry is civil, instigating the world to remain sane. Poetry is not ordinary, but it needs the ordinary eyes to continue to be the interesting art form of expression. Poetry is like a child communicating, who later grows to be an adult communicating in prose.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|Apathetic in my adolescence,my heart is fluorescent. It flickerslike liquor store lights in the ghetto.
Mary Kay Ash|While clothes may not make the woman, they certainly have a strong effect on her self-confidence, which, I believe, does make the woman.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Friends, Family, and Editors|During last night’s insomnia, as these thoughts came and went between my aching temples, I realised once again, what I had almost forgotten in this recent period of relative calm, that I tread a terribly tenuous, indeed almost non-existent soil spread over a pit full of shadows, whence the powers of darkness emerge at will to destroy my life…
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|The idea of being vulnerable leaves a lot of room for choice. There is always room to be less foldable, more evil.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|Better not perceive yourselves too high, O humans.We only value mankind as our experimentation object.
Chris   Howard, Rootless|Insofar as craft and poetics in a poem have a politics, I wanted to avoid that brittle enjambed-prose-sentence-lyric verse, where you have standard sentences snapped off and scattered decoratively across the page (which I might go out on a limb and say was characteristic of some leftist poets, Beat poets, street poets and populist poets of the 70s and 80s—all of whom I basically view as comrades, I should probably say, to this day) and on the other hand I also wanted my poetics to operate differently than those more right-wing academics—in practice—even if in their poems or statements they proclaim public leftist views or ideas—they remain academic poets, operating in elite university-supported circles, institutionalized and reading before institutional audiences, awarding grants and awards to each other, sitting on each other’s grants panels, awards and tenure committees, as Philip Levine admitted in an interview in Don’t Ask, 'giving prizes to friends.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|A community that engages readers and culturally enabled people to connect, support and harness intellectual and cultural capabilities.
Marcelo López|There is always a way out, as there is a way in
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|Words bend our thinking to infinite paths of self-delusion, and the fact that we spend most of our mental lives in brain mansions built of words means that we lack the objectivity necessary to see the terrible distortion of reality which language brings. Example: the Chinese pictogram for ‘integrity’ is a two-part symbol of a man literally standing next to his word. So far, so good. But what does the Late English word ‘honesty’ mean? Or ‘Motherland’? Or ‘progress’? Or ‘democracy’? Or ‘beauty’? But even in our self-deception, we become gods.
Demi Lovato|The sun shine comes, you see the shine you see the color, when night comes you the stars you see the dark the blooming moon you choose a star you follow the star it comes in your dreams you follow stars once a light bug dies you see a new star you follow the star your dreams come true.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Heavenly Father, I thank you for your favour.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|It is a slightly arresting notion that if you were to pick yourself apart with tweezers, one atom at a time, you would produce a mound of fine atomic dust, none of which had ever been alive but all of which had once been you.
Oscar Wilde|Are ALL men bad?Oh, all of them, my dear, all of them, without any exception. And they never grow any better. Men become old, but they never become good..
Jess C. Scott, The Other Side of Life|Friends are the family you choose (~ Nin/Ithilnin, Elven rogue).
Albert Camus, The Fall|Ridiculous," he said breathlessly. "You ought to give up detecting and try fantasy writing.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|jerk.smokes cigars.will die of lung cancer,hopefully soon.excellent physical shape.
Magic Johnson|Before dance came into my life, I don't really remember having any major goals or dreams of wanting to be anything.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Throw your hands and pull up those in the valley to the hill. However, press your feet on the ground so hard that you don’t fall into the same valley together. Some people’s helping hands became their grave digging tools!
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Never doubt, when you begin with something that it will end in failure. Our thought is transformed as picture in our mind.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|The stars are reflected from within the black water in the cistern. I find comfort in the omen I glean from this: light in the darkness, truth when it seems there is none.
Peter Lewis Allen|Growing up, my dolls were doctors and on secret missions. I had Barbie Goes Rambo.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Your life is happening in the NOW, yet the present moment is often squandered by your thinking about what has happened in the past or may happen in the future.
Teal Ceagh, Kiss Across Time|I guess us folks in California are kind of straitlaced and old-fashioned."Hahaha, I thought on the way downstairs. I never thought I'd say those words with a straight face...
Marouane LAASSAFAR|It's a terrific book and I can't wait for the movie," says Phillip Adams on Late Night Live, ABC Radio National.
Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me|Can you tell me what happened?"Her lips thinned as she shook her head. "'Tis not a happy tale.""You have me reading a book about a girl who tries to kill an entire town. Anything else at this point would be a pick me up.
Steve Jobs|I've never believed that they're separate. Leonardo da Vinci was a great artist and a great scientist. Michelangelo knew a tremendous amount about how to cut stone at the quarry. The finest dozen computer scientists I know are all musicians. Some are better than others, but they all consider that an important part of their life. I don't believe that the best people in any of these fields see themselves as one branch of a forked tree. I just don't see that.People bring these things together a lot. Dr. Land at Polaroid said, "I want Polaroid to stand at the intersection of art and science," and I've never forgotten that. I think that that's possible, and I think a lot of people have tried.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Little White Horse|A story never ends. The narrator is usually provided with a nice, artistic spot for his voice to stop, but that's about all.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|There were so many of us who would have to live with things done and things left undone that day. Things that did not go right, things that seemed okay at the time because we could not see the future. If only we could see the endless string of consequences that result from our smallest actions. But we can’t know better until knowing better is useless.
Debasish Mridha|Let us love each other, then appreciate each other, then express our gratitude to each other; we will create heaven on earth.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|If it weren't for the unconventionality of my desires, my mind might never have been forced to reckon with my body.
Thomas Sowell|Distractions can be disastrous if they are allowed, they will steal precious time and energy from most important things that matters in life.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|If you love sex, let it be known. You don’t have to walk around downtown naked or have some flyers printed up, but definitely don’t be shy about your love (or obsession) for sex.
Roland Barthes, A Lover's Discourse: Fragments|Gossip reduces the other to he/she, and this reduction is intolerable to me. For me the other is neither he nor she; the other has only a name of his own, or her own name. The third-person pronoun is a wicked pronoun: it is the pronoun of the non-person, it absents, it annuls. When I realize that common discourse takes possession of my other and restores that other to me in the bloodless form of a universal substitute, applied to all the things which are not here, it is as if I saw my other dead, reduced, shelved in an urn upon the wall of the great mausoleum of language. For me, the other cannot be a referent: you are never anything but you, I do not want the Other to speak of you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Friends are those crazy people who keep coming back, in spite of being exposed to the real you.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wind in the Door|Mr Jenkins. Unique, as every star in the sky is unique, every leaf on every tree, every snowflake, every farandola, every cherubim, unique: Named.
Andrea Portes, Anatomy of a Misfit|You're a dumb shit. There's a million first girls for a million different first things.There's the first girl you slow-dance with, and the first girl you go to bed with. There's the first girl to give you a kiss, and then the first one you take home to mama." His amber eyes lit up with humor."There's the first girl you fight with and the first girl you fight for. There's also the first girl you have to let go of. There's the first girl you love, obviously, and the first girl to break your heart.There's always a first girl, Rowdy, but there is also the girl that is going to come after her until you get to the last girl.The last girl is the one that really matters.
Jay Woodman|The role of Cherishing in Bereavement - I think that the key to healthy grieving is to cherish those who have passed on, so that you celebrate their lives and the times you did have together with thankfulness, instead of trying to cling on and wish that things were different. I believe that you should let them go in peace with love, not try to hang on to their spirits, just hold the precious moments gently in your heart.
Bela Lugosi|I don't get off on romantic parts. But I often think if I had had my dental work done early on, well, maybe.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|I assure you; while I look like a ghost, I'm no spirit or demon. I'm nothing but a girl struggling to make her way in an intolerant world. I bleed, I love, and someday, I'll die.
Sophie Kinsella|When Bill Clinton ran in '92, and I listened to him, and I had of course known of his record from Arkansas, I found him extraordinarily inspirational, and I voted Democratic.
Nigel Slater, The Kitchen Diaries: A Year in the Kitchen with Nigel Slater|Without pushing an agenda (okay, maybe I've pushed a bit), I've spread a little veganism wherever I've gone. I've become friends with chefs at the meatiest restaurants you can imagine, and shown them a few things that opened their minds (and their menus) to vegan options. It's easy to be convincing when the food is delicious. It doesn't feel like a sacrifice--it feels like a step up.
Eddie Huang, Fresh Off the Boat: A Memoir|It all depends on how we look at things, and not on how they are themselves
Charles C. Mann, 1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus|Criminals beheaded in Palermo, heretics burned alive in Toledo, assassins drawn and quartered in Paris—Europeans flocked to every form of painful death imaginable, free entertainment that drew huge crowds. London, the historian Fernand Braudel tells us, held public executions eight times a year at Tyburn, just north of Hyde Park. (The diplomat Samuel Pepys paid a shilling for a good view of a Tyburn hanging in 1664; watching the victim beg for mercy, he wrote, was a crowd of "at least 12 or 14,000 people.") In most if not all European nations, the bodies were impaled on city walls and strung along highways as warnings. "The corpses dangling from trees whose distant silhouettes stand out against the sky, in so many old paintings, are merely a realistic detail," Braudel observed. "They were part of the landscape." Between 1530 and 1630, according to Cambridge historian V.A.C. Gatrell, England executed seventy-five thousand people. At that time, its population was about three million, perhaps a tenth that of the Mexica empire. Arithmetic suggests that if England had been the size of the Triple Alliance, it would have executed, on average, 7,500 people per year, roughly twice the number Cortes estimated for the empire. France and Spain were still more bloodthirsty than England, according to Braudel.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|A psychologist would probably diagnose insanity for a nation that spends more on its military than the next 8 nations combined, while its poor are starving.
Anodea Judith, Eastern Body, Western Mind: Psychology and the Chakra System As a Path to the Self|Our culture, so proud of its mind-over-matter philosophy, cuts us off from our bodily experience and from the earth itself. In this severance, our sexuality is negated, our senses assaulted, our environment abused, and our power manipulated. Our ground is our form, and without it we lose our individuality.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Life is to be enjoyed, not endured
Will Ferguson, Happiness|Life is made up of a few moments all strung together like pearls. Each moment is a pearl, and it is up to us to pick the ones with the highest luster. If we do not have time to do great things, take a few gentle moments and do small things in a great way.
Elizabeth Sharp, Natural Selection|Well, more or less, you just got struck by lightning.""Wait, what?" My brain stopped processing for a prolonged moment unable to wrap around that one. How the hell had that happened? "So basically I was filled with 1.21 jiggawatts?Can I travel through time now?
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|There is nothing else in magic but the wild thought of the bird as it casts itself into the void. There is no creature upon the earth with such potential for magic. Even the least of them may fly straight out of this world and come by chance to the Other Lands. Where does the wind come from that blows upon your face, that fans the pages of your book? Where the harum-scarum magic of small wild creatures meets the magic of Man, where the language of the wind and the rain and the trees can be understood, there we will find the Raven King.
Steven Pinker, The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language|The authors disclose that in less than a century the word "tension" grew from signifying a literal electric charge to a metaphor for emotional stress between two people. Writes Owen Barfield, "The scientists who discovered the forces of electricity actually made it possible for the human beings who came after them to have a slightly different idea, a slightly fuller consciousness of their relationship with one another.
Elaine  White, The Other Side|Gray,” he whispered in his ear.Grayson moaned softly in return.“I'm here for you. I exist only for you. Tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it.
Paul Howsley, The Year of the Badgers|The job of the politician is to speak for all people; not just for parties with vested interests, or organisations with the biggest wallets. The first people a politician should protect are those that cannot protect themselves: Those weakest and most vulnerable among us. This is, to most of us, something that seems to be an obvious statement of fact, and that may be so, but it’s also a forgotten fact. Now, today, the opposite is true. It should shame us all. It shames me. The very fact that the most poor and the most vulnerable in our society are those that are victimised and stamped upon, whereas the most wealthy and the most influential are making more profits and acquiring more assets and wealth than ever before in history, is a damning indictment of what our society has become
Eva Vertes|Why is computer science a good field for women? For one thing, that's where the jobs are, and for another, the pay is better than for many jobs, and finally, it's easier to combine career and family.
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|You asked the Holy Spirit for a miracle, and now that you’ve got one you’re trying to argue it away. People who don’t believe in miracles shouldn’t pray for them.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, Will You Walk A Mile?|I was hurting him even though I was in love with him, and he knows that I do. Maybe this is what love does to you.
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|Sometimes they [people] throw off their freedom so quickly, you'd think it was burning them.
Stephanie Lahart|Don’t do it! Don’t you dare think about giving up! EVERYTHING has a process. Work with the process, not against it. Move forward with purpose and never stop believing. You can do this! You know you can.
Bruce Sterling, Schismatrix|(He) mourned mankind, and the blindness of men, who thought that the Kosmos had rules and limits that would shelter them from their own freedom. There were no shelters. There were no final purposes. Futility, and freedom, were Absolute
Steve Maraboli|Rain don't fall on a with if she doesn't want it to, although personally I prefer to get wet and be thankful.""Thankful for what?" said Tiffany."That I'll get dry later.
Karl A. Menninger|To be able to say how much love, is love but little.
Anamika Mishra|People come to New Orleans to forget themselves and party like a pagan. They gorge themselves on exotic spicy foods and five to seven course meals, taking hours to consume. They behave badly in bars and routinely encourage their willing female counterparts to flash their tits for cheap plastic beads. Beads women would never wear anywhere else but in New Orleans become triumphant symbols of one’s insatiable allure.
Susan George|We, to some degree, are like what we are because we inherited certain things from the Greeks and the Romans. One of them that's so striking is the whole area of politics.
Robert Walser, Oppressive Light: Selected Poems by Robert Walser|I felt a wave of longing roll out of me, but not the way it usually did, diffuse and sad. This was hopeful, as though it had been coaxed out by a whispered promise.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|If you think it ain’t dismal and lonesome out in a fog that way, by yourself, in the night, you try it once – you’ll see.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|I must be able to say, 'Percival, a ridiculous name'. At the same time let me tell you, men and women, hurrying to the tube station, you would have had to respect him. You would have had to form up and follow behind him. How strange to oar one's way through crowds seeing life through hollow eyes, burning eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Husband and wife, must complement each other.
W.H. Auden|The friends who met here and embraced are gone,Each to his own mistake;
Anthony Marais, Delusionism|I noticed that a woman on Goodreads said something like, “I was reading along in the beginning thinking, okay, a woman wrote this, there’s her picture, she’s a white lady, the narrator’s a white lady. And then suddenly she says something and you realize she’s a he. And then a few pages later you realize he’s ‘brown.’ I think the author could have been a little more up front about this.” :) It made me happy because in fact I thought everybody would pick the book up, read the back cover, and know they were dealing with a woman writer speaking through a male narrator. Which is a drag, actually, because if you didn’t know the author was a woman, you’d probably assume that an unmarked first-person narrator was a man, but if you knew she was a woman you’d assume her narrator was too. And if you didn’t know the race of the author, you’d probably assume the narrator was white. That’s pretty insidious, of course - it’s the way sexism and racism work. I’m not saying this woman on Goodreads was racist or sexist, I’m saying the fact that we make these assumptions signals that we live in a world that presumes that an unmarked voice is white and male, and that women and people of color will generally be writing from a limited perspective. I guess that’s obvious. But what I was saying about this comment was that it made me realize something else about ebooks - because I can only assume she read it as an ebook if she didn’t get the back jacket copy that explains who’s narrating. I love books, print books, and my own optimal experience of reading this book would be in print, with short breaks to periodically check out the Internet connections that the narrator’s making. But I do think that decontextualization is an interesting side-effect of the ebook…
Frank Herbert, Dune|Three quick breaths triggered the responses: he fell into the floating awareness... focusing the consciousness... aortal dilation... avoiding the unfocused mechanism of consciousness... to be conscious by choice... blood enriched and swift-flooding the overload regions... one does not obtain food-safety freedom by instinct alone... animal consciousness does not extend beyond the given moment nor into the idea that its victims may become extinct... the animal destroys and does not produce... animal pleasures remain close to sensation levels and avoid the perceptual... the human requires a background grid through which to see his universe... focused consciousness by choice, this forms your grid... bodily integrity follows nerve-blood flow according to the deepest awareness of cell needs... all things/cells/beings are impermanent... strive for flow-permanence within...
Steven Gerrard|No human being will ever know the Truth, for even if they happen to say it by chance, they would not even known they had done so.
Carl Friedrich Gauss|The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
Ciara|It's actually cool to be positive and optimistic and idealistic. It's cool to see yourself doing beautiful, great things.
Aileen Lee|When companies are private, founders can share more about their future dreams with investors; report less; and the shares are illiquid, constraining short-term changes in valuation.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|I want there to be happily-ever-afters for the fucked-up crowd. Show me the way, Eva honey. Make me believe.
Christopher Hitchens|Indeed, it's futile to try and use Holy Scripture to support any political position. I deeply distrust anyone who does. Just look at what an Islamic Republic is like.
Samuel Beckett, Worstward Ho|Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better.—Samuel Beckett, Worstward Ho (1983)
China Miéville, Kraken|I've been in the revenge buisness for so long, now that it's over I don't know what to do with the rest of my life.
Dada Vaswani|The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|...there is the sheer emotional, intellectual, physical, chemical pleasure of your children. The honest truth is that the world holds no greater gratification than lying in bed with your children, putting your leg on top of them in a semi-crushing manner, while saying sternly, "You are a poo.
Rodney Mullen|I think my family needs me more than anybody else, and tennis doesn't need me anymore. I respect my wife a lot for taking all that in. She said, 'I didn't marry a tennis player; you'd retired.' Now it's time to do something else.
Bob Tarte, Kitty Cornered: How Frannie and Five Other Incorrigible Cats Seized Control of Our House and Made It Their Home|...after a pointless delay for the humans to collect all their toys and keepsakes, he was able to take his rightful place in Littlemouse's arms and heard them all in the proper direction.
Susan C. Young|Be a life-long learner. Whether you are seeking to achieve peace and harmony, learn a new technology to do your work faster, or design a strategy to blow your competitors out of the water, retraining is a pivotal way to strengthen your knowledge and realize your goals
Michael Dobbs|Never a failure,always a lesson
Shashank Rayal|No one here to count your Qualities, but everyone is good enough to point out your Mistakes.
Sissy Spacek|I'm not a fitness model; I'm just a singer. If people focus on that, that's what I care about.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|It is also interesting to observe that communal ownership violates every instinct of human nature. It destroys initiative, nullifies free agency, suppresses inventive exploration, minimizes the dignity of the individual and makes a god out of an abstract thing called "The State"- to which is delegated complete, unrestricted control over life, liberty and property. . . Like so many other weak systems of government, it can survive only in an atmosphere of a slave state, ruled by a king or a dictator.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Your anger towards ungodliness, towards injustice and the likes, will create a hunger in you to fulfill a particular purpose meant for you.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|The Page awaits the Inspiration even as Inspiration roams the world of man, seeking a Page upon which to unfurl itself, body and soul, bare yet clothed in immortality if not immediacy.And the gods said, “Let there be a Page, and many a Page,” and there was a Book. And we saw that the Book was good.
Mohammed Amjed Khan Abro|We aim to bemen who’ll makeour mothers proud,but we end upmaking them cry,and are onlyslightly betterthan our fathers,at best
Ravi Zacharias, I, Isaac, Take Thee, Rebekah: Moving from Romance to Lasting Love|Marriage brings face to face two people committed to God whose face is distinctively revealed in each as they see each other in the light of God, shining on each countenance. God brought them close to each other because each was the other's answer from God, to rescue them from being alone.
Wendell Berry|The end of life is to be like God, and the soul following God will be like Him.
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|Don't be so sure," said Gamache. "It's a little humbling to realize the pedestal isn't quite so high after all."Brebeuf chuckled. "Welcome to earth, Armand. It's a little dirty down here.
Mateo Sol, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|Love, to empaths, isn’t just a shallow experience based on looks, social status or great sex. Instead, love is something that comes from the very heart and soul of what an empath is. Love is intense passion, unconditional devotion, and absolute fierce vulnerability.
Adam Carolla|One of the classier features of this home was the padded toilet seat. It was high-mileage puffy brown vinyl-colored foam and made that weird sigh when you sat down on it. I'm not a germaphobe or anything like that, but it is weird to think about all the ass time this seat had seen before we moved in. This is a horrible invention. What's the plan? You want to create a toilet seat so comfortable that you can fall asleep while you're taking a shit? You're going to show up late for work or end up like Elvis.
Michael Delaware, Blue and the Magical Forest: The Power of Hopes and Dreams|So Blue sat down on the path and faced Grayson, and told him all about his world. He told him about the humans, his mother and sister, and how they went away. He told him about the long nights alone in the kennel, and the sadness that seemed to come from other dogs. All the while Grayson stared at him with his wide yellow eyes. He seemed amazed, and even sometimes frightened, as Blue recounted all the details.Finally, when he was finished telling his story, Grayson said 'You come from a scary world, Blue. A very scary and sad world indeed. It's so different from the magical forest where no one is ever alone, and no one is ever sad. ..
A.W. Tozer, Preparing for Jesus' Return: Daily Live the Blessed Hope|Those in whom the Spirit comes to live are God's new Temple. They are, individually and corporately, places where heaven and earth meet.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|People hate the idea of politicians, you see, but love the idea of authors, at least until they meet one.
Renee Carlino, Sweet Thing|For crissakes, you're the frickin' poster boy for DarkRiver with your 'Gee, shucks, I'm harmless' act."Dorian was used to being ribbed about his looks. With his blond hair and blue eyes, he looked more like a surfer hanging out for the right wave than blooded DarkRiver sentinel."Look who's talking, Miss Bikini Babe 2067.
Carla Speed McNeil, Finder, Vol. 02: Sin-Eater 2|Kid, if you never remember your dreams you lose out on half of your life
Sebastian Thrun|An open-minded and diverse population that readily shares information, encourages experimentation, accepts failure and dispenses with formality and hierarchy is what makes Silicon Valley the successful hub that it is.
Abid Hussain Library Officer|I thought I appreciated books, but this was an alter to the book gods. It was hard not to be impressed. I didn't know what had the most impact: the rosewood shelving, the rolling library ladders, the mezzanine floor with the ornate spiral wrought-iron staircases at each end, the carved moldings, the scent of well-loved books, or the silky Aubusson rugs in a soft faded palette of rose, sage and aqua.
Rick Bass, The Sky, the Stars, the Wilderness|Is this how it is for a species that senses it is going extinct? Is there a feeling of loneliness, or unease, each morning, upon awakening?
Al Yankovic, My New Teacher and Me!|Why of course it's unlikely!' I said. 'Oh, by far!The awesome-est things in the world often are!
John Mark Green|I want to hold you close, skin on skin, and let our heartbeats have a conversation.
K.J. Bishop, The Etched City|It occurred to Raule that all children were monsters in the world and were instinctively aware of it. They were reminded of their anomalous nature by adults, whom they failed to resemble, and with whose habitations and tools their bodies were at odds. This was surely why the little girl played with the sequins so solemnly and with such intense concentration. She was doing nothing less than conjuring, out of pattern and colour, a world that conformed to her desires and obeyed her will. The boy, on the other hand, showed with the whole attitude of his being that he knew there was only the one world and he would kill it if he could.
Pablo Casals|When you put on clothes that are fighting against something, you can feel your courage grow. Clothing can set you free.
Tapan Singhel|Time. So much of our human experience is bound up in time, I muse. It reflects in our everyday colloquialisms, and drives so much of our activities. Yet this obsession with the passing of the hours is a relatively modern phenomenon; an inevitable product of the Industrial Revolution, and its fixation on efficiency. A new master exported by England across the globe, so that in the developed world at least everyone has one wrist on which is clamped the new and unforgiving shackle we call a watch. In less pressurised days, men observed the ageing of the universe through the more sedate changing of the seasons. But no more. Now the hour is king, or the minute and sometimes even the second. We are all people in a rush, where speed is of the essence, and slow is often deployed as a term of abuse.
Colleen Hoover, Ugly Love|But the second she opened her eyes and looked at me, I knew. She was either going to be the death of me . . . or she was going to be the one who finally brought me back to life.
Amelia Hutchins, A Demon's Dark Embrace|You should have been born a poet,” she whispered as she pulled away.“Screw that,” he laughed as he placed a gentle kiss to her forehead. “I’d rather be a porn star,” he said
Cornel West, Race Matters|But for a society built on exploitation, there is no greater threat than having no one left to oppress. And now, if nothing else is done, Syl Anagist must again find a way to fission its people into subgroupings and create reasons for conflict among them. There's not enough magic to be had just from plants and genegineered fauna; someone must suffer, if the rest are to enjoy luxury.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Three kinds of people get talked about: The fascinating, the freaks and the nefarious.
Manil Suri, The City of Devi|Since the future's so iffy, I'll turn my attention to the past.
Kōbō Abe, The Box Man|I want to spy on all sorts of places, and the box is a portable hole that occurred to me under the circumstances, it being impossible to punch holes throughout the world.
Jean Giraudoux|You are all the colours in one, at full brightness.
Chapman Cohen|This Land Is Protected By Million’s Blood Bath, If Needed, We’ll Fight Again By Sipping The Death Bowl....
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Modern society, the political body, the legal and judiciary system, the state of governance, capitalism and the very fabric of the society itself, including our religions and so-called morals and values, are institutions steeped in traditions of absolute and total violence.
Augustus De Morgan|What kind of people?"The dead kind. The still-walking-around kind. The reeking, stinking, rotting-from-the-inside-out kind. Toothy and grinning, nasty with the dark and the dust of abandoned strip mines. But none of that was the whole truth. They were more than that. - page 135
Erin Hunter, The Last Hope|Without us, in other words, there can never be hope of a We.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|Sometime I'm going to do an essay called 'The Virtues of Amateurism' for all of those people who wish they earned their living in the arts. The market kills more artistic people than anything else. It's a world of safety out there, for most people. They want safety, the magazines and manufacturers give them safety, give them homogeneity, give them the familiar and comfortable, don't challenge them.
William S. Burroughs, Painting and Guns|The forest did not tolerate frailty of body or mind. Show your weakness, and it would consume you without hesitation.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|It always turns out this way: at first people idolize you, swear to be your faithful friend forever and then spit in your tea and in your soul, too.
Julian Barnes, Levels of Life|From ashes I cameTo ashes, I'll return.But tonight I'm contentTo sit here and burn.
Emily Brontë, Poems by Currer, Ellis, and Acton Bell|And leaning on the windowsill to enjoy the day, gazing at the variegated mass of the whole city, just one thought fills my soul: that I profoundly wish to die, to cease, to see no more light shining on this city or any city, to think no more, to feel no more, to leave behind the march of time and the sun like a piece of wrapping paper, to remove like a heavy suit – next to the big bed – the involuntary effort of being.
Sadhguru, Inner Engineering: A Yogi's Guide to Joy|The Yogic system does not talk about God. It does not talk about the soul or heaven. Such talk invariably makes people hallucinatory. Yoga talks only about the barriers that you have set up, because this resistance is all that needs to be attended to. The creator is not looking for your attention. The ropes that bind you and the walls that block you- these are one hundred percent of your making. And these are all you need to unknot and dismantle. You have no work with existence. You only have work with the existence that you created.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|In that tremendous flash of freedom, on my way to do The Thing for the first time, sanctioned by Almighty Harry, I receded, faded back into the scenery of my own dark self, whole the other me crouched and growled. I would do It at last, do what I had been created to do. And I did.
Harry S Truman|A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.
Emily Flake, Mama Tried: Dispatches from the Seamy Underbelly of Modern Parenting|He never cried, not even when his alarm went off. Swaddled in his Moses basket, wires trailing out the bottom, his monitor flashing green, green, green, his entire four-pound body motionless except his eyelids, it seemed he understood everything I was working so hard to understand: his mother's love, his brother's ceasless crying: he was alreday forgiving me my shortcomings as a father; he was a distillation of a dozen generations, all stripped into a single flame and stowed still-burning inside the this slip of his ribs. I'd hold him to the window and he's stare out into the night, blue tributaries of veins pulsing his neck, his big eyelids slipping down now and then, and it would feel as if tethers were falling away, and the two of us were gently rising, through the glass, through the trees, through the interweaving layers of atmosphere, into whatever was beyond the sky.
Jake Arrieta|After one Olympics, if we invest in sports and say we will get a gold medal in the next Olympic, it doesn't work like that in sports. How it works is that you provide the infrastructure, provide education about nutrition and health.
Kristine Kathryn Rusch|The only way to build a fan base is to have a lot of material out there for readers to find. You can't manufacture a fan base. You create it, one story at a time.
Deb Caletti, Stay|I've heard that people stand in bad situations because a relationship like that gets turned up by degrees. It is said that a frog will jump out of a pot of boiling water. Place him in a pot and turn it up a little at a time, and he will stay until he is boiled to death. Us frogs understand this.
K.M. Peyton, The Beethoven Medal|He considered for a moment, then started to play a piece that was very familiar to Ruth, although she had no idea what it was. It was lilting and wistful, and she could have sung the melody if she had wished.'Alright?' He raised his eyebrows inquiringly.'Yes. Exactly.'It was effortless and perfect, and he played it through to the end, closing with the softest and most delicate chords, which hung and faded in the quiet hall like the grains of dust raining through the evening light. Ruth was touched. It was all she had wanted. He did not move until there was complete silence again, then he closed the lid without saying anything, and stood up, shoving back the chair. ... 'What was that piece?''A Brahms waltz.''Hasn't it got a name?' she wanted it to remember.'Number fifteen. Opus thirty-nine.'It hadn't sounded like numbers to Ruth.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|The upbringing based on criticizing the wrong and rejecting it since childhood is considered to be one of the factors that support the ability to choose the right choice based on correct criteria and overall vision.As much as the sons and daughters practiced this criticism against the mistakes they see in the community as much they will feel more self strength, and will be more able to control their emotions as long as they are convinced with their opinions, which will free them from any feeling of lacking and will avoid them from standing in the position of defending their own beliefs, but vice versa it will give them the ability to express their opinions in the social events which will influence the others, and that is a result that both parents should care to achieve.
Arthur John Strutt|Here we are at last. The Italian proverb says “See Naples and die” but I say, see Naples and live; for there seems a great deal worth living for.
Julia Sorel|if youre never scared, or embarased, or hurt, it means you never take any chances.
Trishelle Cannatella|One of my favorite times of year is around Christmas when my entire family gets together and we make tamales together. It's a full two-day event, and we create an assembly line. It's awesome because everyone has his or her own part in making the dish. It's so much fun.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|People who love themselves, don’t hurt other people. The more we hate ourselves, the more we want others to suffer.
Hunter Hayes|We're not that much smarter than we used to be, even though we have much more information - and that means the real skill now is learning how to pick out the useful information from all this noise.
Atul Gawande|History is moving the furniture around in the house of mankind just about everywhere but the U.S.A. Things have changed, except here, where people come and go through the rooms of state, and everything looks shabbier by the day, and lethargy eats away at the upholstery like an acid fog, and the walls reverberate with meaningless oratory.
Lissa Matthews, Simple Need|By morning you won't remember his name and you won't want to forget mine." -Vinter
Andrew Davidson, The Gargoyle|There is no logical reason to believe in God. There are emotional reasons, certainly, but I cannot have faith that nothing is something simply because it would be reassuring. I can no more believe in God than I can believe an invisible monkey lives in my ass; however, I would believe in both if they could be scientifically proven. 
Ted Rubin|ROR: Return on Relationship™, #RonR… simply put the value that is accrued by a person or brand due to nurturing a relationship. ROI is simple $’s and cents. ROR is the value (both perceived and real) that will accrue over time through connection, trust, loyalty, recommendations and sharing.
Ted Conover|...required for good fiction: character, conflict, change through time. And if you're really blessed, you get resolution. But life doesn't usually work out that way.
Frances McCall Rosenbluth, Japan Transformed: Political Change and Economic Restructuring|Once the state starts providing, it feels free to hand out the rules, too!" Larch blurted hastily. ..."In a better world..." she began patiently."No, not in a better world!" he cried. "In this one--in this world. I take this world as a given. Talk to me about this world!" ..."Oh, I can't always be right," Larch said tiredly."Yes, I know," Nurse Caroline said sympathetically. "It's because even a good man can't always be right that we need a society, that we need certain rules--call them priorities, if you prefer," she said. ...Always in the background of his mind, there was a newborn baby crying... And they were not crying to be born, he knew; they were crying because they were born.
John Steinbeck|As falsehood peels like paint, eternal truth is uncovered.
Eleni Zaude Gabre-Madhin|Dreaming of a tomorrow, which tomorrow, will be as distant then as 'tis today.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|Being a hangman requires you to take someone else’s life based on someone else’s judgment, and carry it out on someone else’s schedule. The job does not provide the same satisfaction that an ordinary murderer gets from smashing a skull. It robs them of the fulfillment of plunging a knife into someone’s throat. In the world of capital punishment, the prisoner’s crimes have been sanitized by years of sitting on death row. By then, the execution is a cold and impersonal affair. There is prayer, a noose, and a few last words. The prisoner then experiences a sudden rush of blood to the head. At the end of it all, you have a broken neck and a dead body swinging from the end of a rope. That is it. You don’t get to manhandle them with your own hands. That’s why the brutes you mention will never be hired. So you see, Vaida, this is not a job for a murderer. It is a job for a humanitarian.
Paul McGirl|F. Scott Fitzgerald believed inserting exclamation points was the literary equivalent of an author laughing at his own jokes, but that's not the case in the modern age; now, the exclamation point signifies creative confusion. All it illustrates is that even the writer can't tell if what they're creating is supposed to be meaningful, frivolous, or cruel. It's an attempt to insert humor where none exists, on the off chance that a potential reader will only be pleased if they suspect they're being entertained. Of course, the reader isn't really sure, either. They just want to know when they're supposed to pretend to be amused.
Luigi Pirandello, Six Characters in Search of an Author|For man never reasons so much and becomes so introspective as when he suffers ; since he is anxious to get at the cause of his sufferings, to learn who has produced them, and whether it is just or unjust that he should have to bear them. On the other hand, when he is happy, he takes his happiness as it comes and doesn't analyse it, just as if happiness were his right.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Dance as the narration of a magical story; that recites on lips, illuminates imaginations and embraces the most sacred depths of souls.
Yannick Noah|Fortune cookies are a good idea. If the message is positive, it can make your day a little better.
Aristotle|Political society exists for the sake of noble actions, and not of mere companionship.
Dick Gephardt|As far as those kinds of things, I also played at the concert to call for the release of Nelson Mandela when he was a political prisoner in South Africa. We were celebrating his 70th birthday and calling for his release.
Ron Paul|Mr. Speaker, I once again find myself compelled to vote against the annual budget resolution for a very simple reason: it makes government bigger.
Émile Zola, La Bête humaine|Working simultaneously, though seemingly without a conscience, was Dr. Ewen Cameron, whose base was a laboratory in Canada's McGill University, in Montreal. Since his death in 1967, the history of his work for both himself and the CIA has become known. He was interested in 'terminal' experiments and regularly received relatively small stipends (never more than $20,000) from the American CIA order to conduct his work. He explored electroshock in ways that offered such high risk of permanent brain damage that other researchers would not try them. He immersed subjects in sensory deprivation tanks for weeks at a time, though often claiming that they were immersed for only a matter of hours. He seemed to fancy himself a pure scientist, a man who would do anything to learn the outcome. The fact that some people died as a result of his research, while others went insane and still others, including the wife of a member of Canada's Parliament, had psychological problems for many years afterwards, was not a concern to the doctor or those who employed him. What mattered was that by the time Cheryl and Lynn Hersha were placed in the programme, the intelligence community had learned how to use electroshock techniques to control the mind. And so, like her sister, Lynn was strapped to a chair and wired for electric shock. The experience was different for Lynn, though the sexual component remained present to lesser degree...
Tim Walberg|There are three hundred and sixty-four days when you might get un-birthday presents, and only one for birthday presents, you know.
Bonnie Bassler|I know this is going to sound corny, but I love my life. I love my baby, so I love getting to wake up with him. And I have the most amazing job, with writing that any actor would love and costars who I can't wait to see on Monday mornings. And I love coming home to my husband.
Debasish Mridha|To change yourself, never forget to challenge yourself.
Mae West|Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in the conclusions; their reasons are always different.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|He slid his hands to the back of her neck, fumbling for the necklace’s clasp. He undid it and held the chain of rubies up, red and gold in the flickering candlelight. “No shackles for us,” he said, “no matter how rich.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|While keeping an open mind, beware, politicians will gladly fill it with garbage.
Gudjon Bergmann|Jacob offered Ann pot, this time from a bowl. She shook her head no.“You gotta keep doing it and eventually it will start to feel good, and your body will adapt,” he encouraged. It was the same thing her mom’s yoga instructor had said to her once and her answer was the same both times.
Nancy Pelosi|Acting was important, but it was not as important as getting an education, and I credit my parents with a lot of that.
John     Mason, A Brief History of the Pequot War|But GOD was above them, who laughed his Enemies and the Enemies of his People to Scorn, making them as a fiery Oven: Thus were the Stout Hearted spoiled, having slept their last Sleep, and none of their Men could find their Hands: Thus did the LORD judge among the Heathen, filling the Place with dead Bodies!
Patrick Ness|It is not for nothing that an ominous feeling often attaches itself to a procession. In films and stories we see spectacles forming in the street and parades coming from around the corner, and we know to greet then with distrust and apprehension: their intent is still to be revealed.
J.A. Redmerski|Live like the season is ending and the birds are leaving, fight against the winds of the fall like the last leave.
Dyls Downs|We took a bowl each and started eating. He went back into the little room, and by the time he returned to the table with his own bowl of food to eat with us, we had already finished. He was shocked and looked around to see if we had done something else with the food.
James Wolfe|To burn always with this hard, gem-like flame, to maintain this ecstasy, is success in life.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|It is the business of the very few to be independent; it is a privilege of the strong. And whoever attempts it, even with the best right, but without being OBLIGED to do so, proves that he is probably not only strong, but also daring beyond measure. He enters into a labyrinth, he multiplies a thousandfold the dangers which life in itself already brings with it; not the least of which is that no one can see how and where he loses his way, becomes isolated, and is torn piecemeal by some minotaur of conscience. Supposing such a one comes to grief, it is so far from the comprehension of men that they neither feel it, nor sympathize with it. And he cannot any longer go back! He cannot even go back again to the sympathy of men!
Bastille Pompeii|It was those eyes as much as anything that had earned him his reputation as a man to be reckoned with. When he stared at a person, clear and unwavering, men grew uncomfortable. Women positively shivered.
Comte de Lautréamont, Maldoror and Poems|If that other fellow doesn't know his happiness, well, he'd better look for it soon, or he'll have to deal with me.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Be skeptic, be doubtful, be rebellious towards every single dogma of the society. Only then there will be hope of progress for humanity.
H.P. Lovecraft|Trees are the earth's example of beauty, duty, wisdom and happiness.
Frances Farmer, Will There Really Be a Morning?|Psychiatrists look for twisted molecules and defective genes as the causes of schizophrenia, because schizophrenia is the name of a disease. If Christianity or Communism were called diseases, would they then look for the chemical and genetic “causes” of these “conditions”?
Jerzy Kosinski|I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but I've done many.
Timothy Noah|Practically every technology that is ever invented is touted as being the new savior, the thing that will bring peace and goodwill to the earth, but immediately it falls into other hands who see it as the opportunity to promote the very opposite.
Gail Hayes|If you don't know who you are, you will never know what belongs to you!
Nitesh Nishad|Be still and calm, don't fear your past but use it for our future..!
Fisher Amelie, Greed|I followed suit, a little bit nervous, and very unaware of what I was supposed to do. I had that same sensation you get when you were new to a school and had no idea who anyone was in your lunch period. You’d take your lunch tray and sort of stand around for a moment looking for a good spot to take a seat but the entire time you’re searching, all you can feel is everyone’s eyes on you. That’s a shitty feeling.
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|Joel, lad, school is about learning to learn. If you don't practice studying things you don't like, then you'll have a very hard time in life.
Joan Aiken, The Stolen Lake|The Auditors fluttered anxiously. And, as always happens in their species when something goes radically wrong and needs fixing instantly, they settled down to try to work how who was to blame.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|And that's how you go on. You lay laughter over the dark parts. The more dark parts, the more you have to laugh. With defiance, with abandon, with hysteria, any way you can.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Do not get down on your knees to pray just to show God that you always remember him. Instead stay on your feet, and always do as he would do in place of him.
Terry Pratchett|Sanity for anyone is pretty much out of the question, as both the saint and the sinner appear only equally insane: the saint appears it for actually believing in a place of eternal torment; the sinner, for deciding to risk going to that place of eternal torment.
Melissa McCarthy|Growing up, I was never the kind of girl to dream about wedding dresses and pretty houses.
A. J. P. Taylor|The surrealists, and the modern movement in painting as a whole, seemed to offer a key to the strange postwar world with its threat of nuclear war. The dislocations and ambiguities, in cubism and abstract art as well as the surrealists, reminded me of my childhood in Shanghai.
Carrie Fisher, Postcards from the Edge|It must be wonderful to be seventeen, and to know everything.
Mitch McConnell|I watch 'Morning Joe' occasionally. I used to watch a lot more than I do now, but I watched it, and all of a sudden, there was this love fest, for crying out loud - this inexplicable love fest one morning - for The Donald.
Chris Rock|My mom grew up in poverty in Oklahoma - like Dust Bowl, nine people in one room kind of place - and the way she got out of poverty was through education. My dad grew up without a dad, with very little and he also made his way out through education.
Cai Guo-Qiang|Those who are devoted to amusements; who love the society of those who love pleasure, have an aversion to religious exercises.
E. M. Forster|Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.
Jack Kerouac, The Dharma Bums|Aw I don't wanta go to no such thing, I just wanta drink in alleys.'...But you'll miss all that, just for some old wine.'There's wisdom in wine, goddam it!' I yelled. 'Have a shot!
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Of course, women are capable of all sorts of major unpleasantness, and there are violent crimes by women, but the so-called war of the sexes is extraordinarily lopsided when it comes to actual violence. Unlike the last (male) head of the International Monetary Fund, the current (female) head is not going to assault an employee at a luxury hotel; top-ranking female officers in the US military, unlike their male counterparts, are not accused of any sexual assaults; and young female athletes, unlike those male football players in Steubenville, aren't likely to urinate on unconscious boys, let alone violate them and boast about it in YouTube videos and Twitter feeds. No female bus riders in India have ganged up to sexually assault a man so badly he dies of his injuries, nor are marauding packs of women terrorizing men in Cairo's Tahrir Square, and there's no maternal equivalent to the 11 percent of rapes that are by fathers or stepfathers.
Aldo Leopold|It seemed strange to Kellan that the more people were crowded together, the less they were willing to acknowledge it; their interaction became a thing of unwelcome necessity and their gaze turned ever inward.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|His eagerness had turned into a routine; he embraced her at the same time every day. It was a habit like any other, a favourite pudding after the monotony of dinner.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|My body, my soul and my mind, simultaneously response to good music.
Chuck Wendig, Aftermath: Life Debt|All hail the light, the dark, and the grey.
Greg LeMond|I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|In all the interviews I have done, I cannot remember one offender who did not admit privately to more victims than those for whom he had been caught. On the contrary, most offenders had been charged with and/or convicted of from one to three victims. In the interviews I have done, they have admitted to roughly 10 to 1,250 victims. What was truly frightening was that all the offenders had been reported before by children, and the reports had been ignored.
Euripides, Suppliant Women|Again, where the people are absolute rulers of the land, they rejoice in having the openness and exuberance of youth, while a tyrant counts this a danger, and seeks to slay or silence those possessed of spirit, while the discreet fear his power and violence.
Giorge Leedy, Uninhibited From Lust To Love|MISERABLERelease the toxic and infectious-Spreaders of misery,Souls destroying souls-And poisonous liars.Awaken from the hallucinations-And take back your heart.Reclaim your self-esteem-And leave the toxic be.
Craig Wright, The Pavilion - Acting Edition|At every single moment, the whole creation is beginning again, stretching the tent of the present moment to bursting. And the waves that push up through the oceans, and the waves that push up through the stars; and the waves that push upwards through history are the same waves that push up through us. And so we have to say yes to time, even though it means speeding forward into memory; forgetfulness; and oblivion. Say “no” to time; hold on to what you were or what she was; hold onto the past, even out of love... and I swear it will tear you to shreds. This universe will tear you to shreds.
Jennifer Melzer, Beauty and Other Dangerous Things|Beauty doesn't die with the beholder; it moves on. Hiding in the shadows, afraid of the light, she flees to find another host, possessing the body like a demon in need of exorcising.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Well, whose opinion did you take?”“I don’t ask for opinions.”“What do you go by?”“Judgment.”“Well, whose judgment did you take?”“Mine.”“But whom did you consult about it?”“Nobody.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Pity.""You're serious? You just met me.""And already I have a strong urge to devour you.
Faisal Khosa|Maybe I have said it, maybe I haven't chess isn't about math, it's about strategy. If you know math this doesn't make you good in chess, you must have strategy to win.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Have you decided to simply smile and nod to avoid a confrontation with someone who was being a jerk? Have you ever feigned agreement with your face to get along with others, even when you disagreed with their position? We all have. Your expressions of emotion can protect you at times in awkward situations, and when used with integrity. Test the waters by responding with an expression of curiosity or bewilderment when someone is acting inappropriately.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|Well, I learned to cook. At my age," she told him. "What's next? Art therapy? Anyway, I've had quite a time of it this summer, and who knows what eases down on any road. Come, Rain. A quick goodbye, and off you go." "Goodbye," said Rain to the Lion, and then to the woman. "Not to them," said Glinda, "To me."She turned eyes that were saucerly upon Glinda. "Mum?
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|The world tends toward chaos, you know," Cassidy said. You could too. Just write down a made up name, or even a fictional character. And the next person who finds this geocache, it's as though things really hapened that way. You have to at least allow for the possibility of it.
Andrea Gibson|Autumn is the hardest season. The leaves are all falling, and they're falling likethey're falling in love with the ground.
William Tecumseh Sherman|I come from - I came from Wales, and it's a strong, butch society. We were in the war and all that. People didn't waste time feeling sorry for themselves. You had to get on with it. So my credo is get on with it. I don't waste time being soft. I'm not cold, but I don't like being, wasting my time with - life's too short.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|John Lewis said, "You have to be taught the way of peace, the way of love, the way of nonviolence. In the religious sense, in the moral sense, you can say that in the bosom of every human being, there is a spark of the divine. So you don’t have a right as a human to abuse that spark of the divine in your fellow human being. From time to time, we would discuss that, if you have someone attacking you, beating you, spitting on you, you have to think of that person. Years ago that person was an innocent child, an innocent little baby. What happened? Did something go wrong? Did someone teach that person to hate, to abuse others? You try to appeal to the goodness of every human being and you don’t give up. You never give up on anyone.
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|Great leadership is not about giving orders, it's about taking others
Carl Levin|We live less and less, and we learn more and more. Sensibility is surrendering to intelligence.
Christian Louboutin|Many scientists think that philosophy has no place, so for me it's a sad time because the role of reflection, contemplation, meditation, self inquiry, insight, intuition, imagination, creativity, free will, is in a way not given any importance, which is the domain of philosophers.
Henri Matisse|God, what a ghastly enterprise to be in, though--and what an odd way to achieve success. I'm an exhibitionist who wants to hide, but is unsuccessful at hiding; therefore, somehow I succeed.
Matthew Quick, Forgive Me, Leonard Peacock|There's a lot for you to live for. Good things are definitely in your future, Leonard. I'm sure of it. You have no idea how many interesting people you'll meet after high school's over. Your life partner, your best friend, the most wonderful person you'll ever know is sitting in some high school right now waiting to graduate and walk into your life - maybe even feeling all the same things you are, maybe even wondering about you, hoping that you're strong enough to make it to the future where you'll meet.
Lee Monroe, Dark Heart Forever|Our hearts are bound together,' he said, 'and I am free to decide who I love. And what I want. Nothing - not the pressure of my family, or what anyone else thinks - matters.
Stephanie Laurens, The Edge of Desire|My heart only ever had one thought, one want. One need. Despite all, in spite of all...All my heart has ever wanted is you.
Emlyn Chand, Farsighted|There are two types of visions. Those that will happen no matter what, and those that can be stopped. Now more than ever, I wish I could tell them apart.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|It’s certainly TOUGH being AWESOME all the time, but I do it so the kids have someone to look up to!
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Innovation is about moving forward. If you are not moving forward, you are moving backward. There is no standing still.
Nelly Furtado|Talent works, genius creates.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|Self-righteousness is much like a spiritual egocentricity. It constitutes a secular type of love that thrives under conditionality, one in which is only existent after an individual meets the adopted standards of the condemner; oppositely, unconditional love is a holy love.
J.G. Ballard, Millennium People|The Constitution, the National Assembly, the dynastic parties, the blue and the red republicans, the heroes of Africa, the thunder from the platform, the sheet lightning of the daily press, the entire literature, the political names and the intellectual reputations, the civil law and penal code, the liberté, égalité, fraternité and the second of May 1852—all have vanished like a phantasmagoria before the spell of a man whom even his enemies do not make out to be a magician. Universal suffrage seems to have survived only for a moment, in order that with its own hand it may make its last will and testament before the eyes of all the world and declare in the name of the people itself: Everything that exists has this much worth, that it will perish.
Sylvia Plath, Johnny Panic and the Bible of Dreams: Short Stories, Prose and Diary Excerpts|So many people are shut up tight inside themselves like boxes, yet they would open up, unfolding quite wonderfully, if only you were interested in 
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|I am death; I am this blood, these ravaged lands, and this wanton destruction. – Panchali Draupadi
Willa Cather, My Ántonia|The so-called poet with his vague dreams and ideals is indeed no better than a harmless lunatic; the true poet is the worker, who grips life's throat and wrings out its secret, who selects austerely and composes concisely, whose work is as true and clean as razor-steel, albeit its sweep is vaster and swifter than the sun's!
Brian Eno|Doctors, dressed up in one professional costume or another, have been in busy practice since the earliest records of every culture on earth. It is hard to think of a more dependable or enduring occupation, harder still to imagine any future events leading to its extinction.
Josh Alan Friedman, Black Cracker|At best, the natural good-nature is edged with complaint or has changed into sullenness and gloom. And now and then it blazes forth in veiled but hot anger.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|Seeing everything that goes on in your daily life, your daily activities - when you pick up a pen, when you talk, when you go out for a drive or when you are walking alone in the woods - can you with one breath, with one look, know yourself very simply as you are? When you know yourself as you are, then you understand the whole structure of man's endeavour, his deceptions, his hypocrisies, his search. To do this you must be tremendously honest with yourself throughout your being.
Carey Digsby|Anything that you truly believe inAny dream or goal you haveAny project you are a part of It’s going to take workIt’s going to need effortNothing comes easy or drops out the skyFor you to appreciate it, you’ve got to be in it 100%
Jed McKenna|If Enlightenment was the salad, Entanglement is the soup
Krystal Shannan, A Very Russian Christmas|Well, with that filly in my line of vision blushing like a virgin, something in me was bound to stand at attention. And my walking legs were occupied.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|Aelin took a step forward. One step, as if in a daze.She loosed a shuddering breath, and a small, whimpering noise came out of her - a sob. And then she was sprinting down the alley, flying as though the winds themselves pushed at her heels.She flung herself on the male, crashing into him hard enough that anyone else might have gone rocking back into the stone wall. But the male grabbed her to him, his massive arms wrapping around her tightly and lifting her up. Nesryn made to approach, but Aedion stopped her with a hand on her arm.Aelin was laughing as she cried, and the male was just holding her, his hooded head buried in her neck. As if he were breathing her in."Who is that?" Nesryn asked.Aedion smiled. "Rowan.
Michael Duncan|If history is written by the victorious, what if the victors lied?
Dada Bhagwan|If one knows how to ‘digest’ an insult after attaining Self-realization, he will become a ‘Gnani’ [the enlightened one]. And if he ‘digests’ an insult before attaining Self-realization, he will become shameless (impudent).
David H. Murdock|The more colorful the food, the better. I try to add color to my diet, which means vegetables and fruits.
Zenfex|The mind is matter in and of itself, but I don't mind, and it doesn't matter.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|Writing is new, relatively speaking. Story telling is ancient. Tell your story first putting aside all other worries. Leave fretting over homonyms, semicolons, and Oxford commas to editors and friends you can be bribe with baking.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|When Morrigan and Brighid created Aerric, he had no need for emotions, he only needed to be a great warrior, and for thousands of years he was just that… the perfect killing machine.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Where the spirit of godliness is, where there are godly principles in action, where there is justice and peace, there will surely be prosperity.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|I do believe that people can only be in love with one landscape in their lifetime. One can appreciate and enjoy many geographies, but there is only one that one feels in one’s bones.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|Games? War is not a game, my friend. Games are for small children and old men like me. War is a young man's blighted delight
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Each petal in the universe whispers in our ears that an unknown power is at work. If we align ourselves with this divine energy, offer our work to Him and move on in life, we will never have any worries and anxieties in our life.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|The more man gains freedom in the sense of emerging from the original oneness with man and nature and the more he becomes an 'individual,' he has no choice but to unite himself with the world in the spontaneity of love and productive work or else to seek a kind of security by such ties with the world that destroys his freedom and the integrity of his individual self.
J. Tonzelli, The End of Summer: Thirteen Tales of Halloween|We're supposed to love flowers, yet we rip them from their homes, and give them to people who don't love us."-Toril Withers (Dark Winter).
Kevin Bacon|One of the top comments I get from people is, 'Oh my God, you're like a regular person!' That's kind of a bizarre thing to live with. I know a lot of famous people, and their lives may not be regular, but they are regular people.
Ian Lustick|I stay in Jersey - it's home, man. It's home. And I think that's the foundation of the true strength of the communities where we live in America.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|After reading the Qur'an, I realized that I couldn't possibly endorse Islam as a religion, as a philosophy, as a moral standard, as an ethical code, or even as useful fiction. I determined that these philosophies and this image of Allah could only come from an extremely warped and disturbed person who suffered from an aggregation of the most severe and profound human weaknesses.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He sat there looking at her smiling and laughing, watching her hair fall over her eyes and she setting it back behind her ear. He turned away bowed his head down and smiled himself looking back at the sky.
Scott Westerfeld, Pretties|And the worst thing was, there were no mirrors out there in the wild, so the princess was left wondering whether she in fact was still beautiful... or if the fall had changed the story completely.
Kellie Elmore, Jagged Little Pieces|...and the smoke that creeps off the tip of my cigarette and into the dim, scattered strands of light leaking off the moon, in through the clefts in the curtains, is much like my spirit trying to escape the burn of yesterday's presence.
A.E. Samaan|And shall I still be allowed to wear ribbons in my mane?" asked Mollie."Comrade," said Snowball, "those ribbons that you are so devoted to are the badge of slavery. Can you not understand that liberty is worth more than ribbons?"Mollie agreed, but she did not sound very convinced.
Immanuel Kant|It must be *possible* for the *I think* to accompany all my representations: for otherwise something would be represented within me that could not be thought at all, in other words, the representation would either be impossible, or at least would be nothing to me. That representation which can be given prior to all thought is called *intuition*, and all the manifold of intuition has, therefore, a necessary relation to the *I think* in the same subject in which this manifold of intuition is found. This representation (the *I think*), however, is an act of *spontaneity*, that is, it cannot be considered as belonging to sensibility. I call it *pure apperception*, in order to distinguish it from empirical apperception, as also from original apperception, because it is that self-consciousness which, by producing the representations, *I think* (which must be capable of accompanying all other representations, and which is one and the same in all consciousness), cannot itself be accompanied by any further representations. I also call the unity of apperception the *transcendental* unity of self-consciousness, in order to indicate that *a priori* knowledge can be obtained from it. For the manifold representations given in an intuition would not one and all be *my* representations, if they did not all belong to one self-consciousness. What I mean is that, as my representations (even though I am not conscious of them as that), they must conform to the condition under which alone they *can* stand together in one universal self-consciousness, because otherwise they would not one and all belong to me. From this original combination much can be inferred.The thoroughgoing identity of the apperception of a manifold that is given in intuition contains a synthesis of representations, and is possible only through the consciousness of this synthesis. For the empirical consciousness which accompanies different representations is itself dispersed and without reference to the identity of the subject. Such a reference comes about, not simply through my accompanying every representation with consciousness, but through my *adding* one representation to another and being conscious of the synthesis of them. Only because I am able to combine a manifold of given representations *in one consciousness* is it possible for me to represent to myself the *identity of the consciousness in these representations*, that is, only under the presupposition of some *synthetic* unity of apperception is the *analytic* unity of apperception possible. The thought that the representations given in intuition belong one and all *to me*, is therefore the same as the thought that I unite them in one self-consciousness, or can at least do so; and although that thought itself is not yet the consciousness of the synthesis of representations, it nevertheless presupposes the possibility of this synthesis. In other words, it is only because I am able to comprehend the manifold of representations in one consciousness that I call them one and all *my* representations. For otherwise I should have as many-coloured and varied a self as I have representations of which I am conscious. Synthetic unity of the manifold of intuitions, as given *a priori*, is thus the ground of the identity of apperception itself, which precedes *a priori* all *my* determinate thought. Combination, however, does not lie in the objects, and cannot be borrowed from them by perception and thus first be taken into the understanding. It is, rather, solely an act of the understanding, which itself is nothing but the faculty of combining *a priori* and of bringing the manifold of given representations under the unity of apperception; and the principle of this unity is, in fact, the supreme principle of all human knowledge."—from_Critique of Pure Reason_. Translated, edited, and with an Introduction by Marcus Weigelt, based on the translation by Max Müller, pp. 124-128
John Steinbeck, Travels with Charley: In Search of America|A day came when I should have died,and after than nothing seemed very important, so I stayed as I am, without regret separated from the normal human condition.
Aaron Sorkin, The West Wing Script Book|He [Widmerpool] moistened his lips, though scarcely perceptibly. I thought his mixture of secretiveness and curiosity quite intolerable.
Rebekah Joy Anast, Holy Cow|When people run out of probable things to do, they do improbable things.
Thomas Kuhn, The Structure of Scientific Revolutions|The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways; the point is to change it.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Death's Diary: 1942 -It was a year for the ages, like 79, like 1346, to just name a few. Forget the scythe, God damn it, I needed a broom or a mop. And I needed a holiday.(...) They say that war is death's best friend, but I must offer you a different point of view on that one. To me, war is like the new boss who expects the impossible. He stands over your shoulder repeating one thing, incessantly. 'Get it done, get it done'. So you work harder. You get the job done. The boss however, does not thank you. He asks for more.
Taylor Swift|Mr. Chairman, delegates. I accept your nomination for President of the United States of America. I do so with humility, deeply moved by the trust you have placed in me. It is a great honor. It is an even greater responsibility.
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|Why do you assume I'm human?I wasn't born; I was created just like this.First I was an idea.Then I came into being, charged with a very important task.I've come to find the monster.
Brock Clarke, An Arsonist's Guide to Writers' Homes in New England|Because you decided I couldn't take it!" I shout. "You kept the truth from me because you thought I couldn't handle it. You were so wrong! I can take it straight up! That's what hurts me the most. I'm not some fragile thing that needs to be treated like a glass house. It's humiliating and it just pisses me off that you pretend like I'm not strong. I get that you're a man...you feel the need to protect me. I get that you're afraid and my strength feels dangerous to you. And you know what? It should feel that way, because it is. It's power.
Colton Haynes|I was always spiritual, even as a child. I was taught to pray, show gratitude. We had an attitude of gratitude. Even if life was ugly, bad or sad - we prayed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|And so the game went on in this manner, a throng of children playing keep-away from a bowling ball tossed back and forth between two plump ogres. The air filled with shrieks and cheers and shouts of laughter as daring players thrilled at the sport. That is, all but the few poor souls knocked flat and captured. No laughter rose from behind bars because those in the birdcage knew what was in store. They would soon be lunch for a couple of hungry ogres. 	Now you might be thinking—didn’t Gavin call it fun when he was swallowed by a wolf earlier? And didn’t he tell that raven-haired girl it doesn’t hurt to be swallowed whole by a bear? All true, all true. But here’s a secret you might not 
Frank Stella|All the world old is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|There is no concrete way to play Jiu Jitsu, and this is why so many different types of people find joy in it.
Anita Brookner, Brief Lives|Courage and determination are qualities often overlooked in conflict. However, both foes can possess both qualities. The difference is which one counts goodness with courage and determination that more times than not overcome evil.
Betty White|If anybody had a reason to become a delinquent, to become a criminal, to be angry at the man, to be angry at the white man, to be angry at America, it's my dad, but he did not feel that way at all.
Caleb Johnson|Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
Frederick Buechner, Telling Secrets|Maybe the most sacred function of memory is just that: to render the distinction between past, present, and future ultimately meaningless; to enable us at some level of our being to inhabit that same eternity which it is said that God himself inhabits.
Michael Paterniti, Driving Mr. Albert: A Trip Across America with Einstein's Brain|Only occasionally can you glimpse through the embrasures of an otherwise perfectly polite person to see the cannons aimed out, only in a certain glint of light do the eyeteeth become fangs. We are driven by desire and fear. Only in our solitary hungers do we find ourselves capable of the most magnificently unexpected sins.
Dikembe Mutombo|Patience is key for getting over a breakup. That, and trailing off your interaction after the breakup.
Bridget Allison, Maid in the Shade|When you see me in a scarf you may think “Oh, she went to some trouble there.” But no, when I wear a scarf it means” this grey blouse was unwrinkled and those mocha pants make my behind look fine and voila I have a vivid grey,brown and white silk scarf which means I have transformed self from bone lazy to coordinated accessory maven.--Bridget Allison (Gretchen Gallen in my book#3, "Maid in Waiting" publish date June 2014)
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bleeds - Awake|Fire supposed he needed to be there in order to give rousing speeches and lead the charge into the fray, or whatever is was commanders did in wartime. She resented his competence at something so tragic and senseless. She wished he, or somebody, would throw down his sword and say, 'Enough! This is a silly way to decide who's in charge!' And it seemed to her, as the beds in the healing room filled and emptied and filled, that these battles didn't leave much to be in charge of. The kingdom was already broken, and this war was tearing the broken pieces smaller.
Joseph J. Ellis|Weber also saw that a bureaucratic world contained risks. It produced increasingly powerful and autonomous bureaucrats who could be spiritless, driven only by impersonal rules and procedures, and with little regard for the people they were expected to serve. Weber famously warned that those who allow themselves to be guided by rules will soon find that those rules have defined their identities and commitments.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|That means 19 or 20 of the books of the NT (New Testament) are anonymous. Many are blatantly pseudepigraphic (forgeries, see next section), with famous names applied to artificially promote veracity.
Richard Armour, The Classics Reclassified|Then of thy beauty do I question make,That thou among the wastes of time must go,Since sweets and beauties do themselves forsake,And die as fast as they see others grow.
Akshay Vasu|Let me take you in my arms, spilling down all my dreams into your eyes and draining down all my love into your heart. Let me make the whole universe sings the song that I wrote for you, where the sun craves to go down every morning and moon waits to raise again every night eagerly just to see us burn down the walls we have built around us, inside each other's arms.
Lily King, Euphoria|You don't realize how language actually interferes with communication until you don't have it, how it gets in the way like an overdominant sense. You have to pay much more attention to everything else when you can't understand the words. Once comprehension comes, so much else falls away. You then rely on their words, and words aren't always the most reliable thing.
Lisa See, Peony in Love|I want a marriage of companions—one of shared lives and shared poems,' he murmured. 'If we were husband and wife, we would collect books, read, and drink tea together. As I told you before, I'd want you for what's in here.'Again he pointed to my heart, but I felt it in a place far lower in my body.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|He was angry; not as the irritable, from chafing of a trifle; nor was his anger like the fool's, pumped from the wells of nothing, to be dissipated by a reproach or a curse; it was the wrath peculiar to ardent natures rudely awakened by the sudden annihilation of a hope --dream, if you will-- in which the choicest happinesses were thought to be certainly in reach. In such case nothing intermediate will carry off the passion --the quarrel is with Fate.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|People are always worried about what's happening next. They often find it difficult to stand still, to occupy the now without worrying about the future. People are generally not satisfied with what they have; they are very concerned with what they are going to have.
Mufti Ismail Menk|Whatever you do, be gentle. People might have forgiven your harsh words but they may never forget how it stabbed their heart at that time!
Nobuhiro Watsuki|Well, if you live long enough, you lose a lot. Just as long as you don't throw them away. Whatever you loose, you'll find again, but what you throw away you never get back.-Oibore (Enishi's dad) to Yahiko and Misao
Audra North, Giving It Up|I might have to rescind my no-love rule," she said, a cookie in each hand. "Cookies are my sweet spot.'	He smiled. "They're not your only sweet spot.
Maggie Osborne|And please punish Jenny. You could strike her dead. Amen.” Jenny blinked. “I’m no expert on this, but… are you supposed to pray for someone to be struck dead?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Choice is an illusion, what we eat is again illusion, nothing matters when it's illusion... so how did you survive???
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Writings|The air was filled with phantoms... and... the misery with them all was, clearly, that they sought to interfere, for good, in human matters, and had lost the power forever.
Sarah Dalton, Mary Hades|We tell the stories we have to tell, stories of the things that draw us in-and why should any of us have more than a handful of those? The only work really worth doing-the only work you can do convincingly-is the work that focuses on the things you care about. To not focus on those issues is to deny the constants in your life.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Why, he was so handsome and brave that no one would ever have suspected that he was bookish!
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|It is now established by verifiable evidence that religion stultifies the brain and is the great obstacle in the path of intellectual progress.The more religious a person is, the more he is steeped in ignorance and superstition, the less is his sense of moral responsibility. The more intelligent a person, the less religious he is. There is an old saying that 'where there are three scientists, there are two atheists.'The countries whose governments are dominated by religion and religious institutions are the most backward. By the same token, the countries whose people are the most enlightened, and whose governments are based upon the principle of secularism—the separation of church and state—are the most progressive.And let me tell you: When man is intellectually free, the progress he will make is beyond calculation.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Our tainted world looms within us, every one.
Miguel Syjuco, Ilustrado|Sadly, at a time when so much sophisticated cultural criticism by hip intellectuals from diverse locations extols a vision of cultural hybridity, border crossing, subjectivity constructed out of plurality, the vast majority of folks in this society still believe in a notion of identity that is rooted in a sense of essential traits and characteristics that are fixed and static.
Akansh Malik|My present crush is crushing my past crush...Can I summarize "Crush Crushing & now Crushed
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|Anxiety has a purpose. Originally the purpose was to protect the existence of the caveman from wild beasts and savage neighbors. Nowadays the ocassions for anxiety are very different - we are afraid of losing out in the competition, feeling unwanted, isolated, and ostracized. But the purpose of anxiety is still to protect us from dangers that threaten the same things: our existence or values that we identify with our existence. This normal anxiety of life cannot be avoided except at the price of apathy or the numbing of one's sensibilities and imagination.
Andre Breton|I don't want to give advice to people about their religious beliefs, but I do think that it's not smart to bet against the power of science to figure out the natural world. It used to be, a thousand years ago, that if you wanted to explain why the moon moved through the sky, you needed to invoke God.
Israelmore Ayivor|Don't wait for what you don't have. Use what you have, begin now and what you don't even expect will come alongside with excess of what you expect. Go, make it happen.
Euripides|Once people are not here physically, the spiritual remains. We still connect, we can communicate, we can give and receive love and forgiveness. There is love after someone dies.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Evil isn’t the real threat to the world. Stupid is just as destructive as Evil, maybe more so, and it’s a hell of a lot more common. What we really need is a crusade against Stupid. That might actually make a difference.
Libba Bray, Lair of Dreams|The land has a memory. Every stream and river runs with a confession of sorts, history whispered over rocks, lifted in the beaks of birds at a stream, carried out to the sea. Buffalo thunder across plains whose soil was watered with the blood of battles long since relegated to musty books on forgotten shelves. Fields once strewn with blue and gray now flower with uneasy buds. The slave master snaps the lash, and generations later, the ancestral scars remain.Under it all, the dead lie, remembering.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|pessimists see people as liabilities to manage, as burdens or threats that we must minimize.
Jordan Flaherty, Floodlines: Community and Resistance from Katrina to the Jena Six|History is full of religious wars; but, we must take care to observe, it was not the multiplicity of religions that produced these wars, it was the intolerating spirit which animated that one which thought she had the power of governing.
Lauren Lola, A Moment's Worth|...sometimes when you are lost for direction, you are open to a new way of seeing.
A.S. Byatt, The Children's Book|We talked for four hours. I don't remember most of it, but often a little moment in an unrelated conversation or alone on the street will trigger a memory of it I didn't know I had. So I know it's all there somewhere.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Mercy|There is power, value, happiness and fulfillment in a life of purpose.
Naomi Wolf, The End of America: Letter of Warning to a Young Patriot|I have observed that the prosperity or misery of each people is in direct proportion to its liberties or its prejudices and, accordingly, to the sacrifices or the selfishness of its forefathers. -Juan Crisostomo Ibarra
Margaret Edson, Wit|I said the first thing that came into my head unfortunately. "Save the drama for your mama " I told her just like an eleven-year-old.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Researchers have found that people (and animals) presented with large portions will eat up to 30 percent more than they could otherwise. Human appetite, it turns out, is surprisingly elastic, which makes excellent evolutionary sense: It behooved our hunter gatherer ancestors to feast whenever the opportunity presented itself, allowing them to build up reserves of fat against future famine.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|Reading is my favourite occupation, when I have leisure for it and books to read.
A.E. Samaan, H.H. Laughlin: American Scientist, American Progressive, Nazi Collaborator|DARWIN’S “SACRED CAUSE”?Much ink has been dedicated to determining Charles Darwin’s role in “scientific racism.” The only way to empirically and scientifically determine his role is to organize the events as a timeline, and thus placing them into context of historical events. Political analysis without historical context is all sail and no rudder. In America we are constantly made aware that both Abraham Lincoln and Charles Darwin were born on the same day, in the same year, February 12, 1809. Adrian Desmond and James Moore famous 2009 book, “Darwin’s Sacred Cause,” leverages this factoid in an effort to place Charles Darwin at par with Abraham Lincoln in the abolition of slavery. This fraudulently steals away credit from Abraham Lincoln, who took a bullet to the head for the cause, and transfers it by inference to an aristocrat whom remained in his plush abode throughout the conflict and never lifted a finger for the cause.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|When God brings a time of waiting, and appears to be unresponsive, don't fill it with busyness, just wait.
Émile Coué|Every day, and in every way, I am becoming better and better.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Where does love reveal itself? In beds, sofas, bathtubs – each section of a department store has its advantages.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There are greater things to be achieved in every new year, and each and everyone must prepare themselves to be great, not by words of the mouth, but by alot of sacrifices.
Donna Lynn Hope|It is easy, and therefore uninspiring, to love within the norms of acceptance and society. Other than ones own heart, there is no great risk involved; it's all very status quo. The same is tired, but what's outside-the-norm is captivating and gets under people’s skin, pushing their buttons, making them think and revealing their depth as a person, or their lack thereof. It's love against obstacles that inspires the most – a love that faces and ultimately endures through challenges, hardship and ridicule that is courageous and triumphant.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|When I think of how much this world has suffered; when I think of how long our fathers were slaves, of how they cringed and crawled at the foot of the throne, and in the dust of the altar, of how they abased themselves, of how abjectly they stood in the presence of superstition robed and crowned, I am amazed.
Amit Ray|You can't understand depth of science, unless you challenge the published scientific data.
Jacob Bronowski, The Origins of Knowledge and Imagination|The creative personality is always one that looks on the world as fit for change and on himself as an instrument for change. Otherwise, what are you creating for? If the world is perfectly all right the way it is, you have no place in it. The creative personality thinks of the world as a canvas for change and of himself as a divine agent of change.
Nico J. Genes|How well do we actually know ourselves? Can we dare to say that we really know someone, like really, really know them?
Debasish Mridha|When you are searching for love, love is standing just outside the door. Just open the door and welcome the love.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|The major events in our lives receive the entire spotlight, but ultimately your life will be defined by the same handful of choices you make each day.
Phillip A. Griffiths|It (proof by contradiction) is a far finer gambit than any chess gambit: a chess player may offer the sacrifice of a pawn or even a piece, but a mathematician offers the game.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When the dust settles, the horses will be gone
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Doubt, fear and helplessness will always try to flourish when we are in a holding pattern for too long. The best defense – is to just do something. Anything positive! Something healthy! Get moving! Get busy! Often, this is the only way to calm the inner storm. Even more often, this is the only way the best course of action will finally find us ready to unveil itself to us.
Erich Segal|Cynicism, like gullibility, is a symptom of underdeveloped critical faculties.
Elizabeth Kapu'uwailani Lindsey|If we take the generally accepted definition of bravery as a quality which knows no fear, I have never seen a brave man. All men are frightened. The more intelligent they are, the more they are frightened.
Robert Harling, Steel Magnolias|Damn it! Are you so stupid you don't know what I'm going to do to you?"Her eyes bore into his without flinching. "Are you so stupid you haven't figured out yet that it doesn't matter?
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|Women who disapprove of men - and there's plenty to disapprove of - should remember how we started out, and how far we had to travel.
Andrew Marvell|An cinniúnt, is dócha: féach an féileacán úd thall atá ag foluain os cionn mo choinnle. Ní fada go loiscfear a sciatháin mhaiseacha: cá bhfios dúinne nach bhfuil a fhios sin aige, freisin?
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|Forgiveness means it finally becomes unimportant that you hit back. You're done. It doesn't necessarily mean that you want to have lunch with the person. If you keep hitting back, you stay trapped in the nightmare...
Kōbō Abe, The Box Man|A cell in our body may recognize that it is part of a greater whole, but it may never be able to define all that is beyond it simply because of its limited perceptive capacity. Likewise, all that makes up the universal consciousness will always lie just outside of our capacity to define it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With every circumstance, there is grace for change.
Shelley K. Wall, Numbers Never Lie|I want my life to be about LIVING, not leaving --which is why I'm LEAVING nothing behind.
David Josiah Brewer|It is pure mythology that women cannot perform as well as men in science, engineering and mathematics. In my experience, the opposite is true: Women are often more adept and patient at untangling complex problems, multitasking, seeing the possibilities in new solutions and winning team support for collaborative action.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|... for most practical purposes, Tarbean had two parts: Waterside and Hillside. Waterside is where people are poor. That makes them beggars, thieves and whores. Hillside is where people are rich. That makes them solicitors, politicians and courtesans.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Talk to strangers politely... Every friend you have now was once a stranger, although not every stranger becomes a friend.
Chief Oduduwa|I can cast a spell on your behalf regarding a relationship, your financial situation, future events, or whatever is important to you. I have the power and I use the power. I can change the course of your destiny. Contact me and I shall cast a spell for you. Tell me what it is you want and I shall go about my work. Is it someone or something you desire to have? Do you want wealth, or happiness, or a mate E.T.C.Chief OduduwaEmail: cheifoduduwa@gmail.com
Laura  Oliva, Season Of The Witch|Something that sounded like ripping metal shredded the deadly quiet. The inaudible bass smoothed into a low, steady hum. Outside, a low, mechanical growl rumbled closer and closer. Darius caught his breath. He knew that sound, and it wasn't magic.It was a motorcycle.
Holly Hood, Ink|Well, just get used to it, because you're a long ways away from Kansas, my dear. She actually started singing "The Sun Will Come Out Tomorrow" as she traipsed to the counter.
Marcus J. Borg, Speaking Christian: Why Christian Words Have Lost Their Meaning and Power - And How They Can Be Restored|All around, grown men were getting out of cars and shoving at each other like fifteen-year-olds, the bunch of juiced-up, armchair quarterbacks ready to peanut-gallery it up: The closest they were going to get to the octagon was standing on the outside of the chicken wire looking in.
Michael  Grant, Lies|It seemed there was no end at all to the lies a person could tell, once she got started.
Karl Barth, Evangelical Theology: An Introduction|Balance how much you give of youself, including volunteer activities.You won't do anyone any good you are stretched too thin.
Lance Armstrong|If there was a god, I'd still have both nuts.
Thomas King, The Inconvenient Indian: A Curious Account of Native People in North America|This gentleman evidently belonged to the category of those people who wish the Government to interfere in everything, even in their daily quarrels with their wives.
J. Matthew Nespoli|For as long as I am your mother and you are my only child, i will worry and hope and pray for you. Do not ask the impossible.
William Congreve|There was a time in the marriage when I could no longer look at myself in a mirror, couldn't feel I was a nice person. A bad relationship can do that, can make you doubt everything good you ever felt about yourself.
Stephen Richards|You think the thing, draw the picture and then it happens.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Forgiveness is not an occasional act, it is a constant attitude.
Georgette Heyer, Cotillion|Queer creatures, females," mused Mr. Standen, shaking his head. "Fellow's only got to be a rake to have 'em all dangling after him. Silly, really, because it stands to reason---- Well never mind that!
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|As an anarch, who acknowledges neither law nor custom, I owe it to myself to get at the very heart of things. I then probe them in terms of their contradictions, like image and mirror image. Either is imperfect – by seeking to unite them, which I practice every morning, I manage to catch a corner of reality.
Greg Lynn|Well, my wife always says to me, and I think it's true, it's very difficult for us to understand the Elizabethan understanding and enjoyment and perception of form as it is to say... it would be for them to understand computers or going to the moon or something.
J.D. Robb, Strangers in Death|You’re all right, Blue Eyes.” She lifted her head to look into them. “You’re all right, down the line. You ever want a free bang, you got one coming.”“It would, no doubt be a memorable bang. But my wife is fiercely jealous and territorial.” He grinned over at a very cold-eyed Eve.“Her? You? That’s a kick in the ass.”“Every damn day,” Eve muttered, and strode out.She kept striding, out of the club, back into the comparatively fresh air of the city street. And fisted her hands on her hips as she spun to him. “Did you have to do the ‘my wife’ crap?”His grin remained, and only widened. “I did, yes. I felt a desperate need for your protection. I believe that woman had designs on me.”“I’ll put a design on you that won’t come off in the shower.”“See, now I’m excited.” Reaching out, he toyed with the lapel of her coat."What have you got in mind ?
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|…We feel different things. We like different things. It’s like they say with books, no two people ever read the same book. It’s the same with music, yo.
Christena Cleveland, Disunity in Christ: Uncovering the Hidden Forces That Keep Us Apart|If we are a body, then we are on that is afflicted with an autoimmune disease.
Stormie Steele|Knowing what environments are a good fit requires a person to know about themselves, in other words, to have self-awareness.
Meister Eckhart|Here bring your wounded hearts, here tell your anguish; Earth has no sorrow that Heaven cannot heal.
Sameh Elsayed|All love stories are not same, perhaps a little madness makes it special.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With passionate dedication and work hard, you will fulfill your dreams.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|When faced with pain and evil, we have to make a choice.We can choose to be taken by the evil.Or we can try to embrace the good.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Every atom in your body spins and danceslike a bee around the queen,like a whirling dervish,like the stars spiraling in a galaxy.Yet why do you sit motionlessly watching Dancing With the Stars?
James Sallis, Bluebottle|What are any of our lives but the shapes we force them into. Memory doesn't come to us of its own; we go after it, pull it into sunlight and make of it what we need, what we're driven towards, what we imagine, changing the world again and again with each new quarry, each descent, each morning.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|I love you", once you say this sentence to a girl, it signifies that you have a responsibility towards her.
Marty Rubin|Why is English so widespread today, and not Danish?
Michelle Falkoff, Playlist for the Dead|I would never understand how hurt and confused and hopeless he must have felt, to decide it wasn't worth trying, and I wasn't mad at him anymore for doing it...
Christina Westover, Precipice|You must write as if Dostoyevsky himself will be reading your novel, and Shakespeare will be acting it out.
Brent Weeks|The truth is, everyone likes to look down on someone. If your favorites are all avant-garde writers who throw in Sanskrit and German, you can look down on everyone. If your favorites are all Oprah Book Club books, you can at least look down on mystery readers. Mystery readers have sci-fi readers. Sci-fi can look down on fantasy. And yes, fantasy readers have their own snobbishness. I’ll bet this, though: in a hundred years, people will be writing a lot more dissertations on Harry Potter than on John Updike. Look, Charles Dickens wrote popular fiction. Shakespeare wrote popular fiction—until he wrote his sonnets, desperate to show the literati of his day that he was real artist. Edgar Allan Poe tied himself in knots because no one realized he was a genius. The core of the problem is how we want to define “literature”. The Latin root simply means “letters”. Those letters are either delivered—they connect with an audience—or they don’t. For some, that audience is a few thousand college professors and some critics. For others, its twenty million women desperate for romance in their lives. Those connections happen because the books successfully communicate something real about the human experience. Sure, there are trashy books that do really well, but that’s because there are trashy facets of humanity. What people value in their books—and thus what they count as literature—really tells you more about them than it does about the book.
Santosh Kalwar|If you can overcome love, you can overcome fear. If you can overcome fear, you can overcome death.
Margaret Atwood|You're sad because you're sad.It's psychic. It's the age. It's chemical.Go see a shrink or take a pill,or hug your sadness like an eyeless dollyou need to sleep.Well, all children are sadbut some get over it.Count your blessings. Better than that,buy a hat. Buy a coat or a pet.Take up dancing to forget.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|More than Captain America your kids need Amelia Earhart – more than Ant Man, they need Abraham Lincoln - more than Green Arrow they need Gandhi – more than Iron Man they need Isaac Newton.
Justin Young|All men are created equal.' That doesn’t mean we are born into equal circumstances, or have the same skills. What we do have in common, though, is the ability to apply ourselves to achieving that which we desire. Each of us has the capacity to dream big, to assess and accept the aspects of our reality that are standing in our way, learn from them, overcome them and succeed.
Keira D. Skye, A Breath Until Forever|So nothing! Look, I get that coming here meant you could finally do things on your own, but you are just supposed to just take sips of freedom Norah – don’t just slam it down your throat like a tequila shot!
Aimee Bender, The Particular Sadness of Lemon Cake|What, everyone you know has been kidnapped by pirates and forced to chop octopus in a kitchen that smells like a whale's stomach?""Quite a lot of them, yes," said Trudi, who appeared to be one of those people who'd heard of sarcasm but thought it was some sort of exotic fruit like a pineapple.
Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness|Yo no nací dichoso. De niño, mi himno favorito era: «Cansado del mundo y con el peso de mis pecados». A los cinco años yo pensaba que si había de vivir setenta no había pasado aún más que la catorceava parte de mi vida vital, y me parecía casi insoportable la enorme cantidad de aburrimiento que me aguardaba. En la adolescencia la vida me era odiosa, y estaba continuamente al borde del suicidio, del cual me libré gracias al deseo de saber más matemáticas. Hoy, por el contrario, gusto de la vida, y casi estoy por decir que cada año que pasa la encuentro más gustosa. Esto es debido, en parte, a haber descubierto cuáles eran las cosas que deseaba más y haber adquirido gradualmente muchas de ellas. En parte es debido también a haberme desprendido, felizmente, de ciertos deseos (la adquisición del conocimiento indudable acerca de algo) como esencialmente inasequibles. Pero en la mayor parte se debe a la preocupación, cada día menor, de mí mismo.
Trevor McIlwain, Building on Firm Foundations Vol 1: Guidelines for Evangelism and Teaching Believers|It takes big money to preach a big Gospel to a great big world. We have to have our own land. We have to pay electricity bills, water bills, generator bills, staff payment, security, the audit department needs money, and there are legalities that require money.
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|While the moral force of Judeo-Christian tradition and the law have sought to purify the penis, and to restrict its seed to the sanctified institution of matrimony, the penis is not by nature a monogamous organ. It knows no moral code. It was designed by nature for waste, it craves variety, and nothing less than castration will eliminate the allure of prostitution, fornication adultery, or pornography.
Brendan I. Koerner|I think my dad did legal work for someone who had a Packard Bell 8088, and they couldn't pay him, so they gave him a computer. I was initially not allowed to touch it, but that didn't last long. I started tinkering with it, and there were many times I screwed up the computer.
Pradeep Sarkkar|There was no luck. There was only preparation meets opportunity, and recognizing the latter and knowing when to seize it was ninety percent of any great success.
Lester Holt|It's not how much you spend, it's how you spend it. We have been putting a lot of money into education in the state of Nevada, and it's gotten us to 50th in the country in graduation rates. We needed more accountability in our system.
Archie Lee|Marriage is for the mature, not the infantile. The fusion of two different personalities requires emotional balance and control on the part of each person.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|You undo me, Merit. Wholly and completely. You don't take me at my word. You challenge me at every opportunity. And that means when I'm with you, I am less than the head of this House...and I am more than the head of this House. I am a man." He stroked my cheeks with his thumbs. "In my very, very long life, I need you more than I have ever needed anything.
Hermes Trismegistus|My discourse leads to the truth; the mind is great and guided by this teaching is able to arrive at some understanding. When the mind has understood all things and found them to be in harmony with what has been expounded by the teachings, it is faithful and comes to rest in that beautiful faith.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|And I still say it was just a coincidence;' he muttered pugnaciously. 'You say it too! Look at me and say it! It was just a coincidence. That happened to be the nearest place on the dial where they both met exactly, those two hands. My blows dented them. They got stuck there just as the works died, that was all. Stay sane whatever you do. Say it over and over. It was just a coincidence!'Outside the tall French windows, in the velvety night-sky, the stars in all their glory twinkled derisively in at them. ("Speak To Me Of Death")
Ziad K. Abdelnour|How you gather, manage and use intel in life determines whether you win or lose. That's the # 1 rule for the mavericks in business.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|What does one do with experience? Do we react negatively, or do we (pro)create from the space of positivity?
Andrea Hirata, Padang Bulan|Orang-orang itu telah melupakan bahwa belajar tidaklah melulu untuk mengejar dan membuktikan sesuatu, namun belajar itu sendiri, adalah perayaan dan penghargaan pada diri sendiri. (hlm. 197)
André Malraux|We search for happiness everywhere, but we are like Tolstoy's fabled beggar who spent his life sitting on a pot of gold, under him the whole time. Your treasure--your perfection--is within you already. But to claim it, you must leave the buy commotion of the mind and abandon the desires of the ego and enter into the silence of the heart.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I should be happy, but instead I feel nothing. I feel a lot of nothing these days. I've cried a few times, but mostly I'm empty, as if whatever makes me feel and hurt and laugh and love has been surgically removed, leaving me hollowed out like a shell.
Marion Coutts, The Iceberg|I learn so much that I previously did not know about the world of the immobile that it is hard to believe it all takes place over a few hours. At random: I learn about the casual indifference of the London cabbie to the wheelchair user and that the clearance on accessible entrances is measured in millimetres less than a knuckle. I learn how intractable it is to push a grown man around for hours and how spontaneity is the privilege of the able-bodied. In solid counterpart to all this grief, I learn about the lengths nurses are prepared to go to assist a purely recreational and ambitious project by one of their patients.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Faith is the light that chases the darkness of doubt away." el
Arthur Conan Doyle, His Last Bow: 8 Stories|What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear? It must tend to some end, or else our universe is ruled by chance, which is unthinkable. But what end? There is the great standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
Michael Greger|After following more than 60,000 people for more than a dozen years, University of Oxford researchers found those who consume a plant-based diet were less likely to develop all forms of cancer combined.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Sex is the alpha and enlightenment is the omega. Sex is the first step of the spiritual journey, and enlightenment is the last step of the spiritual journey.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be great, dwell on great thoughts.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Open Secret: Versions of Rumi|I understand perfectly. Darquesse isn't a separate entity. She isn't another person. She's you. If you make the wrong choices, if you stop loving the people who love you, if you allow the world to twist and turn and change you, then yes, the future we've seen will come to pass. But if you fight, and if you kick, and struggle, and refuse to give in to the apathy, or the anger, or the hopelessness, then you'll change the future, and you'll walk your own path. And I'll be right there beside you, Valkyrie. I'll always be beside you.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Mommy, how come Dona Duck don have no pants?” Will sat on the couch eating cookies. Bree looked up. Then she glanced at the Donald Duck cartoon on the TV. “He have top but he no have bottoms,” “Good point,” she said. And yet the duck always wore a towel after he showered. “Dat’s odd,” Will remarked. He leaned over his plate and began to split his cookies into two piles. “And where his pee pee go? He a boy right, mommy? But he don’ have no pee pee. How he go to bafroom?
Anneliese Blakeney, The Princess and The Sage|But as much as life is sometimes about knowing what you want and going after it and finishing, maybe other times it’s about slowing down and shutting up and waiting. There’s not always a clear beginning and obvious end. Sometimes we’re in the middle . . . and it’s okay to camp out there for a while.
Trishelle Cannatella|I won the parental lottery. Most of the kids I grew up with either came from really fractured homes, or really violent ones. I went home to a very traditional, good Irish Catholic family.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|God is not interested in your art but, your heart.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|Anybody is liable to rheumatism in her legs, Anne. It's only old people who should have rheumatism in their souls, though. Thanks goodness, I never have. When you get rheumatism in your soul you might as well go and pick out your coffin.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|You, yesterday’s boy,to whom confusion came:Listen, lest you forget who you are.It was not pleasure you fell into. It was joy.You were called to be bridegroom,though the bride coming toward you is your shame.What chose you is the great desire.Now all flesh bares itself to you.On pious images pale cheeksblush with a strange fire.Your senses uncoil like snakesawakened by the beat of the tambourine.Then suddenly you’re left all alonewith your body that can’t love youand your will that can’t save you.But now, like a whispering in dark streets,rumors of God run through your dark blood.
Théophile Gautier, Ménagerie intime|He's outwardly respectable. (They say he cheats at cards.)And his footprints are not found in any file of Scotland Yard's.And when the larder's looted, or the jewel-case is rifled,Or when the milk is missing, or another Peke's been stifled,Or the greenhouse glass is broken, and the trellis past repair -Ay, there's the wonder of the thing! Macavity's not there!And when the Foreign Office find a Treaty's gone astray,Or the Admiralty lose some plans and drawings by the way,There may be a scrap of paper in the hall or on the stair -But it's useless to investigate - Mcavity's not there!And when the loss has been disclosed, the Secret Service say:'It must have been Macavity!' - but he's a mile away.You'll be sure to find him resting, or a-licking of his thumbs,Or engaged in doing complicated long-division sums.Macavity, Macavity, there's no one like Macavity,There never was a Cat of such deceitfulness and suavity.He always has an alibi, and one or two to spaer:At whatever time the deed took place - MACAVITY WASN'T THERE!And they say that all the Cats whose wicked deeds are widely known(I might mention Mungojerrie, I might mention Griddlebone)Are nothing more than agents for the Cat who all the timeJust controls their operations: the Napoleon of Crime!
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Whatever the measurement system is, it needs to be consistent, repeatable and as unbiased as possible.
James Fenimore Cooper, The Last of the Mohicans|History, like love, is so apt to surround her heroes with an atmosphere of imaginary brightness.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|All of sudden I cared what someone thought of me. Because we are friends. And making you miserable and angry makes me miserable and angry. I don’t want to be the person to make you mad or cry, Ryiah. I want to make you laugh. I want you to make me laugh, because gods know you are the only one who can. So, yes, I am sorry, I am sorry because even if I was right, I was also wrong. And I’d rather lose a silly battle than your friendship.
Eknath Easwaran, Nonviolent Soldier of Islam: Badshah Khan: A Man to Match His Mountains|One learns a good deal in the school of suffering. I wonder what would have happened to me if I had had an easy life, and had not had the privilege of tasting the joys of jail and all it means." ~ Badsha Khan, quote in Nonviolent Soldier of Islam, p. 87
Md Shahbaz Alam|Learn,Teach n be Innovative
Auliq Ice|Wanting to win is what keeps the trade on, If you win, you lose the trade.
Stephen Fry|Is there no context for our lives? No song, no literature, no poem full of vitamins, no history connected to experience that you can pass along to help us start strong? You are an adult. The old one, the wise one. Stop thinking about saving your face. Think of our lives and tell us your particularized world. Make up a story. Narrative is radical, creating us at the very moment it is being created. We will not blame you if your reach exceeds your grasp; if love so ignites your words they go down in flames and nothing is left but their scald. Or if, with the reticence of a surgeon's hands, your words suture only the places where blood might flow. We know you can never do it properly - once and for all. Passion is never enough; neither is skill. But try. For our sake and yours forget your name in the street; tell us what the world has been to you in the dark places and in the light. Don't tell us what to believe, what to fear. Show us belief s wide skirt and the stitch that unravels fear's caul. You, old woman, blessed with blindness, can speak the language that tells us what only language can: how to see without pictures. Language alone protects us from the scariness of things with no names. Language alone is meditation.
Lynne Sharon Schwartz|In answer to a question you asked me not a long ago, a question I didn’t answer at the time…it is worth it. Love is a perilous dance too, you see. And if we stop dancing, we’ll die.Don’t ever stop dancing.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|My mother taught me that reading is a kind of work, and that every paragraph merits exertion, and in this way, I learned how to absorb difficult books.
Scott Adams, The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions|Theory of Evolution (Summary)First, there were some amoebas. Deviant amoebas adapted better to the environment, thus becoming monkeys. Then came Total Quality Management.
Jules Asner|Some of the pictures I must say every now and then I just think are going to be funny. When it gets that much, you might as well just pull out all the stops and make it more of a burlesque.
Paula Hawkins, The Girl on the Train|As for him "feeling dead", that's probably just a consequence of him being gone from your life for so long. In some sense he no longer feels real to you.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|And what, you ask, does writing teach us? First and foremost, it reminds us that we are alive and that it is a gift and a privilege, not a right.
Gibran Khalil Gibran|If your heart is a volcano,how shall you expect flower to bloom?
Paulo Coelho|Stay close 2 those who r by ur side in happy times, because they do not harbor jealousy or envy in their hearts, only joy 2 c u happy...
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Evil that arises out of ordinary thinking and is committed by ordinary people is the norm, not the exception.
Allison Williams|After working with many nutritionists, reading books, and practicing trial and error on my own body, I have finally found a way to control my weight without deprivation. I call my program 'Somersizing,' and Somersizing is not a diet. Diet is a nasty four-letter word that conjures up negative thoughts of sacrifice and obsession and guilt.
Iyanla Vanzant|Fortune knocks but once, but misfortune has much more patience.
Dr Karan M Pai|To swim against waves is always an impossible task, but if you manage to do you will reach the shore where nobody even thought of. - Dr. Karan M Pai
Crystal Bowersox|Of the seven deadly sins, anger has long been the one with the best box of costumes. When the guy in the next car rages at you, he's dangerous. When you rage at him, you're just. We can usually recognize the results of anger, especially in others, as destructive and evil.
Oscar Wilde|Men always want to be a woman's first love, -women want to be a man's last romance.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Few and mean as my gifts may be, I actually am, and do not need for my own assurance or the assurance of my fellows any secondary testimony.
Devon Monk, Magic on the Hunt|To know that we are only angels weighed down by filth, free of guilt? The bacteria in our bellies are responsible for the farts which shame us, tiny monsters shitting in their billions all over our pure skin create the acid reek of "our" sweat. And Slade: when the "inner voices" tell us we're unworthy or instruct us to "love" and "hate," despite our best instincts... are these incessant distracting thoughts our own? Or do we only hear the voice of the eternal germ screaming in our heads?
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|If the number of religious converts who converted during a season of intense suffering is high, then does that mean that the number of religious abstainers who abstained because their life was already satisfying is correspondingly low? If so, does this argue for or against religion’s relevance in the world? If theistic religion is attractive, useful, and remedial only for those broken people in the most dismal of needful situations, then is this truly the work of a God or is it just the human psyche gravitating toward a comforting solution?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The House of the Dead|Despite the many occasions when its characters feel frustrated before the weight of circumstances, and despite blaming their feeling of impotence on daiva, 'fate', moral autonomy shines through in the epic. Because they have some freedom to choose they can be praised when they follow dharma or blamed when they follow adharma. At the moment of making a decision they become conscious of their freedom, and it is this perception of autonomy that gives them the ability to lead authentic moral lives.
Diana, Princess of Wales|I went to the school and put it to William, particularly, that if you find someone you love in life, you must hang onto it, and look after it, and if you were lucky enough to find someone who loved you, then you must protect it.
C.S. Lewis, Till We Have Faces|Of the things that followed I cannot at all say whether they were what men call real or what men call dream. And for all I can tell, the only difference is that what many see we call a real thing, and what only one sees we call a dream. But things that many see may have no taste or moment in them at all, and things that are shown only to one may be spears and water-spouts of truth from the very depth of truth.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|What do you think you’re doing?” She snapped, watching Alessandro pull back the covers and pull his legs in under the blankets. “I’m going to sleep, darling. I don’t think any amorous advances would be welcome tonight seeing as you’re in a bit of a snit, so ’night, darling.” “Get out of this bed, right now or so help me, I will do something to you that will severely compromise your ability to father any more children.” “Ah, so you admit that there will be more children for us?” He gave her a small smile. Bree came up on her elbows and narrowed her eyes. “Alessandro, go back to your coffee table.” “No.” “What do you mean, no? I’m furious with you. I don’t want to sleep with you, now get out,” “Let me put it another way, Sunshine,” he reached over and tapped her nose playfully. “Not bloody hardly. I am paying for this room and that includes this bed.” “Fine. Then I’ll go somewhere else,” Bree said, kicking the blanket off of her. Alessandro reached out a long leg and hooked it around one of hers, trapping her. “If you don’t want me to tie you to this bed, you’ll stay where you are. And you know how much I’d enjoy that.
Steve Fowler|I am not sure how evil religion by nature is, but I have no doubt of its stupidity and insanity in practice.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|I recalled something I’d read a long time ago about Satan. When he appeared, it wouldn’t be as a demon but as an ordinary-looking guy with a convincing message of peace.
Shellie Palmer, An Unexpected Journey|Forgiving yourself is the first step, forgetting, well it never goes away. Moving forward and walking with one foot in front of the other does get you somewhere. Just keep walking.
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|In running back and forth among the things that might be important, we forget to spend enough time on what really is important.
Karen Swallow Prior, Fierce Convictions: The Extraordinary Life of Hannah More—Poet, Reformer, Abolitionist|Vincent had ten major ideas every week: three brilliant, five good, and two ridiculous.
Kameron Hurley, The Body Project|The sky grows dark over the city as Janey tells me her story. Teh beast was supposed to help their community. Something that would look good in a brochure, I suppose. But instead, it cut loose, took out in to the Williamsburg night. Janey and the kids went after it , and when they finally caught up what does it do? The thing ate a hipster.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|Real people are actively trying to live like fake people, so real people are no less fake. Every comparison becomes impractical. This is why the impractical has become totally acceptable; impracticality almost seems cool.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking God's Divine Favor|She sat silent, looking straight ahead. What did he care about the hot sun on her head? What did she care? Nothing worse could possibly happen to her.
Susan Ee|I have better things to do.’‘Like what?’He opens one eye and looks at me. ‘Like convince a stubborn girl to admit she’s madly in love with me.’I can’t help but smile.‘So if it’s not a pig farm that you want, what is it?’ he asks.I swallow. ‘How about a safe place to live where we don’t have to scrounge for food or fight for it?’‘It’s yours.’‘That’s it? All I have to do is ask?’‘No. There’s a price for everything.’‘I knew it. What is it?’‘Me.
Mhd.Ferzat Alchayah|I was never hurt by loss as much as I was hurt by the people who tried to make me feel like a winner,they made it worse
Thomas Brooks|The Marquesa would even have been astonished to learn that her letters were very good, for such authors live always in the noble weather of their own minds and those productions which seem remarkable to us are little better than a day's routine to them.
Isabel Allende|I have seen these persons speak unthinkingly, not realizing that to speak is also to be. Word and gesture are man's thought. We should not speak without reason.
Billy Sunday|Charity begins at home, but should not end there.
Mila Gray, Come Back to Me|No one is perfect no matter how hard they pretend they are, so don’t compare yourself to them,” Will says.
Cristin Harber, Black Dawn|Eyes locked, they stared. She felt bleeding pain down to her soul.
Robert W. Chambers|We often forget that the Author of our faith must be the Preserver of it also. The lamp which was burning in the temple was never allowed to go out, but it had to be daily replenished with fresh oil; in like manner, our faith can only live by being sustained with the oil of grace,
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you simply, without problems or pride: I love you in this way because I do not know any other way of loving but this, in which there is no I or you, so intimate that your hand upon my chest is my hand, so intimate that when I fall asleep your eyes close.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Scared?" Malfoy muttered, so that Lockhart couldn't hear him."You wish." said Harry out of the corner of his mouth.
Patricia J. Williams|We desire justice, and justice has never been obtained in haste and strong feeling.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Become a thought leader by taking an idea, belief, or process and turning it inside-out and upside-down. Bust beyond the box and shatter a few ceilings to go where no one has gone before. Make your mark by becoming a pioneer in your pursuits.
Criss Jami|Worldly religion is that which replaces Faith with mere wishful thinking. One must not make the common mistake of putting his faith in all the things he thinks God ought to bless him with; he should instead keep his faith planted in God Himself. Present to Him his needs and wants like a child to his Father, but have faith only in His wisdom and goodness like a servant to his King. God must always be one's Everything before He is one's token to everything.
Alan Cohen|Sometimes we mistake patience for weakness, but the patient person often realizes that it's much more important for another person to discover his or her own gifts and shortcomings--the patient person doesn't feel a need to "fix" other people, and sometimes will let certain things slide until the other person recognizes the problems. Patient parents often let their kids make the same mistake two or three times because they know that a lesson learned oneself is almost always preferable to a lesson given to us by an authority figure like a parent.
|Your enemies could dig a grave for your destiny, but only you could through it in it.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Later times have laid all the blame upon the Goths and Vandals, but, however unwilling the partizans of the Christian system may be to believe or to acknowledge it, it is nevertheless true, that the age of ignorance commenced with the Christian system.There was more knowledge in the world before that period, than for many centuries afterwards; and as to religious knowledge, the Christian system, as already said, was only another species of mythology; and the mythology to which it succeeded, was a corruption of an ancient system of theism.; and if we take our stand about the beginning of the sixteenth century, we look back through that long chasm, to the times of the Ancients, as over a vast sandy desert, in which not a shrub appears to intercept the vision to the fertile hills beyond.
Seekerohan|Some songs are never just ordinary songs, they become the memories you collect in your life.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|When good times turn out way bigger than you first expected, that's when you know you're on a roll!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The principles of storytelling are immutable, explaining why we see shards of ourselves in other people’s stories. All enduring stories predicate its themes upon humankind’s ability to exercise free will. Without a character’s ability to make choices of how to act, there can be no story. In absence of free will, there is no humanity. Only after God evicted them from the Garden of Eden, could Adam and Eve experience what it means to be human.
Kenneth Patchen, Poemscapes|Destiny is the music of the improbable. Were it otherwise, almost anyone could exist.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|I mean, I can understand not being as pricey as Percy or Jason, maybe... but am I worth, like, two Franks, or three Franks?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|A successful person's life is made up of a time when he gets out of bed, and a time he goes to bed; and in-between them is filled up with a time that he makes sure something definitely happened!
Steven Chopade|A heart consumed with bitterness will turn to stone. An old Lightkeepers adage, spoken by Boaz to Luka.
Rafael Sabatini, Scaramouche|And yet she was content to pair off with this dull young adventurer in the tarnished lace! It was, he supposed, the sort of thing to be expected of a sex that all philosophy had taught him to regard as the maddest part of a mad species.
Deyth Banger|Looking back on it all, I believe when we were on the streets coming up, we were simply looking for somebody to look our way. Even though guys were getting killed, the gang continued to grow. I heard some older folks say one time, ‘As soon as two or three of them get killed, this gang will go to the dogs.’ Each time one of us got killed, it hurt, but, that made us stronger. Anthony ‘Ada’ Allen, one of the former leaders and founders of the Rebellion Raiders
Scott L. Vanatter|Uninformed, America may succumb to bad ideas and leaders. In succumbing, we fail to fulfill our destiny. Well informed, America rises as far as the good ideas and leaders it proactively chooses. In so rising, we fulfill our destiny and offer to the world vacuum its last best hope. (Scott L. Vanatter)
Martin Jacques|When I meet celebrities, I have to know what they are like and only then can I design. The clothes have to fit their personality.
Mark Rippetoe, Practical Programming for Strength Training|All social animals, including people, live under constant pressure from two competing interests: protecting themselves from others and aligning themselves with others. When these two interests are balanced, the result is dynamic social homeostasis.
Rachel Bilson|I'll always prefer to play with women and hang out with women, and I'll always be a feminist.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|God has brought a very wise Japanese lady into my life who lives in Calif. We've never met, but she has shared a tremendous amount of wisdom with me concerning unconditional love within relationships. Here is one of the things she said to me this evening when we were discussing "Soul Mates.""Soul mates aren't perfect people. They can come into your life and provide polar emotional experiences from intense love to intense pain. Growth comes from both. And a soul mate helps you grow. It isn't just "...and they lived happily ever after" but "...and they lived!" ~ From my mentor ~ Lori Chidori Phillips
Lemony Snicket, The Slippery Slope|It was an epoch of her life, an hour never to be forgotten, this first coming into relation with a really noble library.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|She grew more and more vexed with his dignified behavior. By a cruel irony, she was drawing out what was best in his disposition.
Henry B. Eyring|Neurologically, I'm a quadriplegic, so virtually everything about my work has been driven by my learning disabilities, which are quite severe, and my lack of facial recognition, which I'm sure is what drove me to paint portraits in the first place.
Bob Proctor|We come this way but once. We can either tiptoe through life and hope that we get to death without being too badly bruised or we can live a full, complete life achieving our goals and realizing our wildest dreams." - Bob Proctor
Elizabeth Goudge, The Dean's Watch|Joy being of God was a living thing, a fountain not a cistern, one of those divine things that are possessed only as they overflow and flow away, and not easily come by because it must break into human life through the hard crust of sin and contingency. Joy came now here, now there, was held and escaped.
Sharon Stone|I think there are a lot of people who really want to be famous, they really do. I don't. It sort of gets in the way of the everyday things that I do.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Whether it is the best of times or the worst of times, it is the only time we've got.
Jimmy Smits|As an actor and as a performer, I've felt that the education system has really helped me in a lot of ways... there was always a teacher or a professor along the way that kept pushing me to the next stage.
Christine Celis, Snippets of Imagery|[Hypatia Bradlaugh Bonner belonged to] that small army of brave people who made it their duty, without thought of themselves or hope or expectation of reward, to strive for unpopular causes.[Chapman Cohen on the death of noted freethinker and peace advocate Hypatia Bradlaugh Bonner]
Andy Crouch, Culture Making: Recovering Our Creative Calling|If progress is not the right word for buildings or poems, what is the right way to evaluate cultural change? I suggest integrity.
Tom Petty|Lean your body forward slightly to support the guitar against your chest, for the poetry of the music should resound in your heart.
Ranata Suzuki|Like so many others my story begins with that same old line…. ‘So anyway, there was this guy….’ Until one day…. there wasn’t.And nothing was ever the same after that….
Eric Nuzum, Giving Up the Ghost: A Story About Friendship, 80s Rock, a Lost Scrap of Paper, and What It Means to Be Haunted|If there is one thing I'd learned about hospitals, it's that they aren't interested in healing you. They are interested in stabilizing you, and then everyone is supposed to move on. They go to stabilize some more people, and you go off to do whatever you do. Healing, if it happens at all, is done on your own, long after the hospital has submitted your final insurance paperwork.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|A conscience that is forbidden to operate in the choice of goals for economic activity is not conscience in the sense in which any moralist, pagan or Christian, has every understood the term. And the family (which [Michael] Novak regards as vital to the spirit of democratic capitalism) is precisely the place where the noncapitalist values have to be learned, where one is not free to choose his company and where one is not free to pursue self-interest to the limit. Because capitalism pursues the opposite goals - freedom of each individual to choose and pursue his own ends to the limit of his power - the disintegration of marriage and family life is one of the obvious characteristics of advanced capitalist societies.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|You have to come in and be that character when you walk into the room. That's what one of my first acting teachers taught me. You know, don't go in there being Jennifer and then expect to flip and change, because they're not going to have that imagination.
Johnathan Jena|True, lasting peace comes not through stamping out the ignorance of others, but through cultivating acceptance with ourselves.
Carol Burnett|In an age where everything and everyone is linked through networks of glass and air, no one - no business, organization, government agency, country - is an island. We need to do right by all our stakeholders, and that's how you create value for shareholders. And one thing is for sure - no organization can succeed in a world that is failing.
Tami Hoag|When you print out your manuscript and read it, marking up with a pen, it sometimes feels like a criminal returning to the scene of a crime.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|And acceptance is the answer to all my problems today. When I am disturbed, it is because I find some person, place, thing, or situation "some fact of my life" unacceptable to me, and I can find no serenity until I accept that person, place, thing, or situation as being exactly the way it is supposed to be at this moment.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|Humanity is not only ‘great acts’ spending thousands, putting your name on headlines. Humanity is to be kind to every living being, to be compassionate towards all, even to the tiniest animal, seen and unseen. Some people consider killing ants or pest normal, but I find it is an act of extreme cruelty. By killing them you violate their rights to live. We must remember that the earth and the universe belongs to all of us. We are just another species out of millions of species, and we share the universe with them and most importantly, remember that we belong to each other.
Zelda la Grange|Lying is second nature and I do it very well. Titus Ray, Chapter 5
Bill Clegg, Did You Ever Have a Family|I’ve never been one to go to church, but I’ve al was ways believed in a creative intelligence behind the ongoing riddle of the world.
Wes Locher, Musings on Minutiae|[The cats] scamper in front of my legs, causing me to fall and face plant into whatever furniture is closest. They especially like to play this game when I’m carrying piping hot coffee.
Henry Reed|Mom and Dad would stay in bed on Sunday morning, but the kids would have to go to church.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|At least I graduated," he muttered, stabbing the key in and unlocking the door. I sucked in a breath. "I think dying was a little out of my control, thank you very much.""If you say so". He shrugged, but I saw the corner of his mouth turn up into a faint smile.
Alain de Botton|Finney is about the best writer of time travel stories ever, and I adore time travel stories - have to make a time travel game someday!
Phil Jackson|I love adventure sports. And, I love cooking.
Victoria Holt|Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment.
Steve Jobs|If you live each day as it was your last, someday you'll most certainly be right
Auliq-Ice|If human society loses the value of justice, compassion, and honesty, the next generation will face greater difficulties and more suffering.
Jeff Bezos|People tend to spend so much time focusing on what they feel they can't do, rather examining the true potential of what they can.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|She was one of those people who are irrevocably, incurably honest and therefore both inflexible and vulnerable at the same time.
P.J. O'Rourke|Life has taught me to release my ears from hearing negativity, destructive remarks, false rumors and stupid ways. I learn to open my eyes and my mind to think ahead of my life, to learn more of who I am.
Neal Shusterman, Downsiders|Cities are never random. No matter how chaotic they might seem, everything about them grows out of a need to solve a problem. In fact, a city is nothing more than a solution to a problem, that in turn creates more problems that need more solutions, until towers rise, roads widen, bridges are built, and millions of people are caught up in a mad race to feed the problem-solving, problem-creating frenzy.
Gail Gaymer Martin, Loving Tenderness|Since 1857 we know what we are capable of,And Since 1947 we know what is at Stake.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|There’s always a mystery there as to why one person is more fortunate than another. All one can do is say I have been given a gift. A new gift of life. And all I can do is use that gift in the best way possible. Not selfishly for myself but for the sake of other people. And . . . I will do it not only because I’ve gotten that life, but for the sake of those who didn’t get that life as well.
Gala.J, Nakoma, a spirit's destiny|We are all one. Everything is meaningless, and yet at the same time meaningful. Everything matters and doesn’t matter just as much," Wisdom said and looked beyond time.(Nakoma, by Gala.J)
Terry Eagleton|So when I read this story, it unlocked a volcano of unanswered questions, because the questions had never been asked. It was an opportunity to come to terms with the lot of repressed history - and history of repression.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|When you fully focus your mind,you make others attracted to you.
Sylvia Mathews Burwell|That is what leadership is all about: staking your ground ahead of where opinion is and convincing people, not simply following the popular opinion of the moment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Samuel Johnson said a second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience,” Kirkland said.
Alberto Moravia|Every true writer is like a bird; he repeats the same song, the same theme, all his life. For me, this theme as always been revolt.
Erin Kellison, Delirium|Voodoo very old magic - possibly one of the oldest forms of all time. It's often referred to as vodou or voudoun....Voodoo worships the loa, which are literally spirits - like ghosts - but much more powerful. The priestess can summon the loa, and the spirit inhabits her body. It's called being 'ridden
Rachael Ray|I really want a pet, and I really love animals.
Steve Wynn|Having emotional intelligence allows you to manage your emotions, show empathy, and prevent you from getting distracted. It also helps you solve problems and be a more likable person.
Gemma Liviero, Pastel Orphans|...I feel pity that she will never fully understand what it is to be loved and forgiven, then loved even more.” Pastel Orphans
Tessa Bailey, Staking His Claim|If the way you've been treating me is a mark of fondness, maybe you'd better take a fresh look at your interpersonal communication skills.
Eoin Colfer|Tea? At the beach? No time for luxuries, Holly. There is important work to be done.” He winked at Butler.“Are you sure you’re at the library? I thought I heard water.”Artemis smiled, enjoying the exchange. “Water? Surely not. The only thing flowing here is information.”“Are you grinning, Artemis? For some reason I get the feeling that you’re wearing that smug smile of yours.
Poppet, Ryan|His eyes are piercing and intense, the stare they give me brimming with threat and interest, folding thick arms over a broad chest, rippling the muscles in his forearms and etching the tattoos down his arms into stark highlight.
Donald Allen Kirch, The Christ Project|In some very rare cases, an opposite-sex pair was born, and they always mated one another. Disturbing as it might sound, when it did happen, the offspring were invariably gifted. Sera and Trace's sons were noted psych-scientists.
Ralph Marston|Feelings come and feelings go. There is no need to fear them and no need to crave them. Be open to your feelings and experience them while they are here. Then be open to the feelings that will come next. Your feelings are a part of your experience. Yet no mere feeling, however intense it may seem, is your permanent reality.
Kat Lowe, Dream Cat|Lust has less logic than love, sometimes, but it's easier to fight.
Debasish Mridha|Life is for memories, full of fun, with friends, families and joyful sun.
Donna Grant, Passion Ignites|In all my years, there was only one time I felt fear. That's when I had to send my Clarets away. I never experienced it again. Until you.
Joanne Harris, Runelight|There was something about total loyalty, uncritical devotion, endless patience, perpetual forgiveness and the general inability to believe that a loved one could ever do anything wrong that, frankly, just gave him the creeps.
Emma Blackery|I’m glad you’re quitting the bar.""You are?""Yeah. I’ve never liked you working there, and I miss you at the weekend.""Why didn’t you say anything?""Because you seemed happy. It’s sort of my life mission to make sure you stay that way," he teased.
Criss Jami, Healology|The Bible does not say money is the root of all evil; it says the love of money is the root of all kinds of evil. A poor man who, in his heart, worships the idea of being rich is more vulnerable to its evils than a rich man who has a heart to use it all for the Lord.
Robert Jordan, The Great Hunt|Those intricate curves and patterns your people create are beyond human eyes and hands to make. Perhaps we wished to avoid a poor imitation that would only have been an ever-present reminder to us of what we had lost. There is a different beauty in simplicity, in a single line placed just so, a single flower among the rocks. The harshness of the stone makes the flower more precious. We try not to dwell too much on what is gone. The strongest heart will break under that strain.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|With its grace and carelessness, it seemed to annihilate a whole culture, a whole system of thought, as though [all] could be swept into a nothingness by a single splendid movement of the arm.
Richelle Mead, The Ruby Circle|Through the metal grating on my carrier door, Adrian's face suddenly appeared, peering in at me. "What new, pussycat?
W. Ian Thomas|The Christian message has a moral challenge. If the message is true, the moral challenge has to be accepted. So God is not a fit object for man’s detached scrutiny. You cannot fix God at the end of a telescope or a microscope and say “How interesting!” God is not interesting. He is deeply upsetting. The same is true of Jesus Christ … We know that to find God and to accept Jesus Christ would be a very inconvenient experience. It would involve the rethinking of our whole outlook on life and the readjustment of our whole manner of life. And it is a combination of intellectual and moral cowardice which makes us hesitate. We do not find because we do not seek. We do not seek because we do not want to find, and we know that the way to be certain of not finding is not to seek … Christ’s promise is plain: "Seek and you will find.
Meghan Blistinsky|MAKE SUCCESS HAPPENSuccess is like a camera. Only focus on what is most important. Ignore trivial details. Concentrate on your main goal image for success. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, don't give up. Take more shots at it. Always be persistent. Focus on making success clearly happen.
Anne Sexton|Live or die, but don't poison everything.
Steve Rasnic Tem, The Man on the Ceiling|I was never very good with either my hands or feet. It always seemed to me they'd just been stuck on as an afterthought during my making. Dreams didn't translate through sports, or music, dancing, carpentry, plumbing. I was the bookish kid, more at home in the pages of a fantasy than in the room in the town on the planet.
Richard M. Nixon|I'm constantly amazed by the ability a child has to show sympathy, to read emotions, to get to the heart of any situation. It's unfiltered and completely inspiring.
Becca Lee|And as she fell apart, her shattered pieces began to bloom — blossoming until she became herself exactly as she was meant to be...
|Why get bitter towards those who don't believe in your dreams, when they don't even believe in theirs?
|They say that 'life is full of choices,' but the only choice that I see is living on the bright side of life.
Walter Scott, The Antiquary|I just wanted things to be simple. I didn't understand why things had to be so complicated for all the grown ups. And I decided that if growing up meant things got confusing, then I would stay little forever. I would stay simple. But unfortunately everything around me did its best not to be. The world liked to be complex. It liked to twist, to distort. To bleed you dry of whatever feeling you could muster while still letting you hold on to your sanity so that you could experience heartache at its prime. I didn't know how cold the world could be when I was eleven. If I would have known...maybe I would have packed a sweater.
Rob Bell|When I was in the Peace Corps I never made a phone call. I was in Central Africa; I didn't make a phone call for two years. I was in Uganda for another four years and I didn't make a phone call. So for six years I didn't make a phone call, but I wrote letters, I wrote short stories, I wrote books.
Albie Sachs|My conclusions, on this point, are as follows: when the Law Commission says committal of judgment debtors is an anomaly that cannot be justified and should be abolished; when it is common cause that there is a general international move away from imprisonment for civil debt, of which the present committal proceedings are an adapted relic; when such imprisonment has been abolished in South Africa, save for its contested form as contempt of court in the magistrate's court; when the clauses concerned have already been interpreted by the Courts as restrictively as possible, without their constitutionally offensive core being eviscerated; when other tried and tested methods exist for recovery of debt from those in a position to pay; when the violation of the fundamental right to personal freedom is manifest, and the procedures used must inevitably possess a summary character if they are to be economically worthwhile to the creditor, then the very institution of civil imprisonment, however it may be described and however well directed its procedures might be, in itself must be regarded as highly questionable and not a compelling claimant for survival.
David Gerrold, Star Hunt|When I was ten years old, one of my friends brought a Shaleenian kangaroo-cat to school one day. I remember the way it hopped around with quick, nervous leaps, peering at everything with its large, almost circular golden eyes. One of the girls asked if it was a boy cat or a girl cat. Our instructor didn't know; neither did the boy who had brought it; but the teacher made the mistake of asking, 'How can we find out?' Someone piped up, 'We can vote on it!' The rest of the class chimed in with instant agreement and before I could voice my objection that some things can't be voted on, the election was held. It was decided that the Shaleenian kangaroo-cat was a boy, and forthwith, it was named Davy Crockett. Three months later, Davy Crockett had kittens. So much for democracy.  It seems to me that if the electoral process can be so wrong about such a simple thing, isn't it possible for it to be very, very wrong on much more complex matters? We have this sacred cow in our society that what the majority of people want is right—but is it? Our populace can't really be informed, not the majority of them—most people vote the way they have been manipulated and by the way they have responded to that manipulation—they are working out their own patterns of wishful thinking on the social environment in which they live.  It is most disturbing to me to realize that though a majority may choose a specific course of action or direction for itself, through the workings of a 'representative government,' they may be as mistaken about the correctness of such a choice as my classmates were about the sex of that Shaleenian kangaroo-cat. I'm not so sure than an electoral government is necessarily the best.
Jodi Picoult, The Tenth Circle|The Thames was beautiful, dark, and swift beneath the billion yellow and white lights of the city…
Yasmin Mogahed|We hold on so tightly, because we’re terrified of loss. We hold on till our hands bleed. And in that self-shattering persistence, we fail to see the answer: Just let go.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Some of the common occurrences of injustice are the presence of poverty, starvation, gender inequality, neglected widows and orphans and the injustice towards other vulnerable groups of people.
Alan W. Watts|I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
Kiersten White, Mind Games|I try not to take things lying down, especially rectal thermometers
Peter  Rogers|The table next to the sink is for flashcards. I saw a Monty Python skit called, "every sperm is sacred," and it gave me the idea that, "every piss is sacred." Meaning, WHY NOT LOOK AT FLASHCARDS WHILE VOIDING?
Milan Kundera|Beauty is not skin-deep; it can be a means of self-affirmation, a true indicator of personality and confidence.
Dalai Lama|Our lives are in constant flux, which generates many predicaments. But when these are faced with a calm and clear mind supported by spiritual practice, they can all be successfully resolved. When our minds are clouded by hatred, selfishness, jealousy, and anger, we lose not only control but also our judgment. At those wild moments, anything can happen, including war. Although the practice of compassion and wisdom is useful to us all, it is especially valuable for those responsible for running national affairs, in whose hands lie the power and opportunity to create a framework for world peace.
Maya Angelou|History never really says goodbye. History says, 'See you later.'
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Odd, don't you think? I have seen war, and invasions and riots. I have heard of massacres and brutalities beyond imagining, and I have kept my faith in the power of civilization to bring men back from the brink. And yet one women writes a letter, and my whole world falls to pieces.You see, she is an ordinary woman. A good one, even. That's the point ... Nothing [a recognizably bad person does] can surprise or shock me, or worry me. But she denounced Julia and sent her to her death because she resented her, and because Julia is a Jew.I thought in this simple contrast between the civilized and the barbaric, but I was wrong. It is the civilized who are the truly barbaric, and the [Nazi] Germans are merely the supreme expression of it.
Kathryn Brimblecombe-Fox|Indeed, the future is signalled in the past, but time has to pass to see it. Art is the witness.BLOG post-Perpetual Beginning-November 14 2011
Henry Thomas Buckle|Tell me my little children, what crime has this lizard committed that it must die this evening?” There was silence. In raising my head like a joke, I tried to laugh. That was the same time I realized that grandma was dead serious with us.Pg.26
W.H. Auden|If equal affection cannot be,Let the more loving one be me.
Preston Sturges|THE POLITICIANIf it wasn't for graft, you'd get a very low type of people in politics. Men without ambition. Jellyfish!CATHERINEEspecially since you can't rob the people anyway.THE POLITICIANSure...How was that?CATHERINEWhat you rob, you spend. And what you spend goes back to the people. So where's the robbery? I read that in one of my father's books.THE POLITICIANThat book should be in every home!
M.R.C. Kasasian, Death Descends on Saturn Villa|We do not serve spirits to the ladies.''As you have probably guessed, I am not a lady
Drew Gates, The Crooked Beat|Some of my relatives held on to imagined memories the way homeless people hold onto lottery tickets. Nostalgia was their crack cocaine, if you will, and my childhood was littered with the consequences of their addiction : unserviceable debts, squabbles over inheritances, the odd alcoholic or suicide.
Taylor Swift|When I'm 40 and nobody wants to see me in a sparkly dress anymore, I'll be like: 'Cool, I'll just go in the studio and write songs for kids.'
Trudy Wallis, Longbourn Library: A Novel of Pride, Prejudice, and Books|A library bears similar qualities to a hospital. Librarians are like doctors, books the prescriptions.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|There is obviously only one alternative, namely the unification of minds or consciousnesses. Their multiplicity is only apparent, in truth there is only one mind.
Paul Washer|God gave me a voice to sing with, and when you have that, what other gimmick is there?
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|I keep thinking it's going to come back when I least expect it. When I'm at my happiest. So I'm always afraid to be happy."Zane looks out at the horizon. "You know, there are so many things that can go wrong in this world, you could spend your whole life worrying about them and forget to appreciate every moment you have with someone. Then, you're like, 'God, why wasn't I thankful for what I had when I had it?'" He glances over at me. "You know what the secret to a happy life is?" I shake my head, silent tears falling down my cheeks.He squeezes my hand. "No regrets. Just live in the moment.
Fisher Amelie, Greed|I thought back to all the times I’d slept with a girl and not thought twice about it and my gut ached. If a girl doesn’t safeguard herself, who will? I’d always had the mentality that men will change when women change but I never thought about how safeguarding the girls around me was just as much my responsibility as it was theirs.
Brenna Ehrlich, Placid Girl|When I was your age, I would go to plays all the time, just sit in the darkness and try to take it all in inside me. Contain everything in some corner of my heart so that when I had my shot, it could all come pouring out - all the lights and moments and colour.
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|Resistance to change in the mental health system comes disguised as protection of civil liberties and freedom of speech. As a result, many parents, families, and caregivers are at a loss and feel defeated by the majority of Americans who strive to maintain the current rules of society.
Mary Morrell, Things My Father Taught Me About Love|Often someone else's words can provoke us to memories both painful and sweet, and remind us of things we should have learned, but sometimes forget.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|How can I tell a story we already know too well? Her name was Africa. His was France. He colonized her, exploited her, silenced her, and even decades after it was supposed to have ended, still acted with a high hand in resolving her affairs in places like Côte d'Ivoire, a name she had been given because of her export products, not her own identity.Her name was Asia. His was Europe. Her name was silence. His was power. Her name was poverty. His was wealth. Her name was Her, but what was hers? His name was His, and he presumed everything was his, including her, and he thought be could take her without asking and without consequences. It was a very old story, though its outcome had been changing a little in recent decades. And this time around the consequences are shaking a lot of foundations, all of which clearly needed shaking.Who would ever write a fable as obvious, as heavy-handed as the story we've been given?...His name was privilege, but hers was possibility. His was the same old story, but hers was a new one about the possibility of changing a story that remains unfinished, that includes all of us, that matters so much, that we will watch but also make and tell in the weeks, months, years, decades to come.
Irina Shayk|In the morning, I always use a cube of ice on my face - it gives me a natural lift.
Nas|I enjoy dating. I love first dates. I think they're incredibly fascinating studies in human psychology. When you sit down across from someone on a first date and things are going alright, you talk objectives. We want to win each other over, so how do you win someone over? You have to put the best foot forward.
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|Marita Lorenz, was born on August 18, 1939, in Bremen, Germany. In January of 1960 Marita, described as an attractive “curvy, black-haired young lady was named American’s “Mata Hari” by New York Daily News reporter Paul Meskil. Having had an affair with Fidel Castro that turned sour, she now returned to Havana where she attempted to take part in an assassination attempt, supposedly orchestrated by the Mafia and the CIA. Marita brought along poison pills in her cold cream jar, which predictably melted in the tropical heat. Besides, she later said that she really did not have the stomach for killing her former lover. Apparently Castro aware of why she returned to Cuba, handed her his pistol with a dare for her to use it. Even after knowing the truth regarding her visit, he allowed her to safely leave Cuba.Returning to Miami, Marita said that Frank Sturgis, presumably a CIA operative, was involved in this attempt, however it was his close associate, Alex Rorke, who was responsible for orchestrating the plan to poison Castro. Sturgis was extremely angry when she returned and rebuked her for putting the pills into the warm cold cream, calling her stupid, over and over again.For a few years after leaving the island, Marita was looked after and protected by a mobster named Ed Levi. It was his job to protect her from, what was considered, a likely attempt on her life by “Cuban Intelligence Operatives.” In 1961, Marita met Marcos Pérez Jiménez, the former President of Venezuela, in Miami. Marcos told her that he was anxious to meet her because he knew she was “Fidel's girl." He successfully pursued Marita, and when she gave in, they had an affair that resulted in the birth of a daughter.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|Anarchy could never get a man to the moon, but it may the only mode that can allow us to survive on earth.
Aleksandra Ninkovic|Heart beats are marching like thousands of drums,Birds find their flight, thrown out of nest,We win some battles, then we lose some,Truth is no more than illusion at best.What has been said under veil of the night,Under the veil it will ever remain,But may it ever be in my right,I know i have never said it in vain.
Steven Galloway|I will not live in a city where dead bodies lie abandoned in the streets, and you will not tell the world I do.
Guillermo Galvan, Blubber Island|I'm not an addictive personality, I just like getting high, that's all.
Nuruddin Farah, Links|It's always fallen to women to forge the peace between all these hot-blooded men, always ready to go to war at the slightest provocation....Why do men behave the way they do, warring?""What do you think?" he asked."Maybe because they've got no sense of grief?
Krista Tippett|Intelligent design is a modest position theologically and philosophically. It attributes the complexity and diversity of life to intelligence, but does not identify that intelligence with the God of any religious faith or philosophical system.
John Tottenham, Antiepithalamia: & Other Poems of Regret & Resentment|He took her hand without question, without fear, and he never regretted it.
Jamie Zeppa|English has so many words that do not exist in Sharchhop, but they are mostly nouns, mostly things: machine, airplane, wristwatch. Sharchhop, on the other hand, reveals a culture of material economy but abundant, intricate familial ties and social relations. People cannot afford to make a distinction between need and desire, but they have separate words for older brother, younger sister, father’s brother’s sons, mother’s sister’s daughters. And there are 2 sets of words: a common set for everyday use and an honorific one to show respect. There are three words for gift: a gift given to a person higher in rank, a gift to someone lower, and a gift between equals.
Debra Strattford, Worthless|Putting his mouth close to her ear, he said, “I’m going to ride you raw, baby, but you won’t care. It’s going to feel so good, all you’ll be able to think about is getting me back inside you. Keeping me here, packed up tight and deep, screwing into you so hard you go hoarse from your screams . . .
George Orwell, Coming Up for Air|Looking' his last' upon the scene of his former joys and his later sufferings, and wishing 'she' could see him now, abroad on the wild sea, facing peril and death with a dauntless heart, going to his doom with a grim smile on his lips.
Sunday Adelaja|The most cruel and disobedient people will be saved, if there is one who would stand before God for His people
Guy Kawasaki|It was deeply important for me to understand where Mandela came from. Because we know where he was going, and that's a famous story, but who was he? Where did he come from? What was his upbringing?
John Motson|I would tell 17-year-olds to be proud of who you are. Don't try to change yourself for others. Focus on school and your future. Boys and friends will come and go, just focus on you and your future.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can be seized with panic of the fall, or inspired by the potential that lies within the fall.
Joshua Ferris, The Unnamed|They were like two inviolable spheres touching at a fine point in their curves, touching but failing to penetrate, failing to breathe the other's air.
Andrew Motion|I'm not precisely saying that a really good board meeting at the MLA (Museums, Libraries and Archives Coucil) makes me want to go and write poetry, but there is a pleasure in doing that sort of thing well.
Mette Ivie Harrison, The Princess and the Hound|We cultivate our feelings the way we cultivate a garden: we can't entirely prevent weeds from coming up, but we can take care to remove them before they do much harm.
Nancy B. Brewer|You intend to keep me confined in here with you for three days?" His voice was low and ominous."It doesn't have to take three days," she said, "It just depends how long it takes for you to come to your senses.""My senses?" he shook her so hard she thought her teeth would rattle. "It is you whose mind is disordered if you think you can tame me like some pet! Is that what you think, Vesta? That you can somehow turn a man like me into your little lap dog?""No," she said, as earnest as she had ever been in her life. "I could never imagine you as a lap dog. Ever. You are a Mastiff. Big, powerful, dignified, brave, and yet gentle." She nodded with a look of self satisfaction. "Yes. Most definitely a Mastiff." from THE VIRGIN HUNTRESS
Alison Singh Gee|We grew up hearing stories about how he has been cheated - out of money, out of reputation, out of a grander fate. We had lost everything, he'd wail, and that was despite the fact that we had each other.
Shoryu Bradley|The four abiding abodes,The ideal attitude for a follower of the Buddhist teaching to maintain towards other living beings.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Great institutions have leaders who are proud of what they do, and who engage with everyone who makes up those institutions, so each person understands their role. But our jailers are generally granted near-total anonymity, like the cartoon executioner who wears a hood to conceal his identity. What is the point, what is the reason, to lock people away for years, when it seems to mean so very little, even to the jailers who hold the key? How can a prisoner understand their punishment to have been worthwhile to anyone, when it's dealt in a way so offhand and indifferent?
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|For GOD is greater than our hearts, and He knows everything.
Richard Dawkins|Some people have a hard time getting rid of stuff. If that's you, pray for God to give you the courage to get rid of things you don't really need or things He wants you to give away. This will help keep your surroundings organized and clutter-free.
Ashly Lorenzana|It may be a man's world, but men are easily controlled by women.
Jeremy Bentham, The Panopticon Writings|Bodies are real entities. Surfaces and lines are but fictitious entities. A surface without depth, a line without thickness, was never seen by any man; no; nor can any conception be seriously formed of its existence.
Deyth Banger|Misinformation and disinformation about ritual abuse and mind control trauma and psychotherapy to treat such trauma appear in both paper and electronic media, but are particularly abundant on the Internet on websites of individuals and organizations, bookseller reviews, blogs, newsletters, online encyclopedias, social networking sites, and e-group listservs.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Recognize that you have been chosen to be alive, right now, at this exact moment in time and know that none of that is random. There is something about you, your past or your future that is required at this exact moment in history. We need to know who you are and what you have been through.
Rossana Condoleo|The role of any person in this world is to be themselves without damaging the rest. We are important as long as the rest "is". - Rossana Condoleo
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|First of all is the fact that I have some rather good turns of phrase. I don't say that pridefully ... it's just that when a line I forgot about smacks me in the face and says, "Look at me! Aren't I lovely?" I have to notice.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|That there was no God was a given, as far as Hope was concerned, and being nice to people and making the most of your life struck her as a reasonable enough conclusion to draw from it, and in any case what she wanted to do. But besides the spires of theology and the watch-towers of ideology, it seemed a very shaky hut indeed, and not one that offered her much shelter or would stand up in court.She couldn't see a way to make her objection to the fix a deduction from any body of thought. It came from a body of flesh, her own, and that was enough for her. She doubted that this would be enough for anyone else.
Lucian Blaga|Then we had the irises, rising beautiful and cool on their tall stalks, like blown glass, like pastel water momentarily frozen in a splash, light blue, light mauve, and the darker ones, velvet and purple, black cat's ears in the sun, indigo shadow, and the bleeding hearts, so female in shape it was a surprise they'd not long since been rooted out. There is something subversive about this garden of Serena's, a sense of buried things bursting upwards, wordlessly, into the light, as if to point, to say: Whatever is silenced will clamor to be heard, though silently.
Edward de Bono|Which goes to show you, you can make all the laws you want, but you cannot change people's ways. If you must change them, you have to understand that it will take a long time.
Alexandra Fuller, Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight|After a little while you became aware of how still it was out here. Now, looking back on my life in Africa, I feel like it might altogether be described as the existence of a person who had come from a rushed and noisy world, into a still country.
Sangu Mandanna, The Lost Girl|If you expect the worse, you're only denying someone a chance to be better
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|I [Jacob Hunt, Aspie] see it as the next step of evolution: I cannot take away your sadness, so why should I acknowledge it?
Kapil Sibal|I'm not much involved in sports, and I don't play, either.
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|He's an egotistical dickhead who's going to chew you up and spit you out; and you have a really awful history of falling for assholes that you ought to run screaming from; and I don't feel like sitting around listening to you try to convince yourself you don't still feel something for Campbell Alexander when, in fact, you've spent the past fifteen years trying to fill in the hole he made inside you.
Stephen Hawking|Remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious. And however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do and succeed at. It matters that you don't just give up.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If anything has been accomplished through my life, it has been solely God’s doing, not mine, and He—not I—must get the credit.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Back then, work revolved around life. Today, life revolves around work.
Sara Shepard, Pretty Little Liars|I kind of have to go to the bathroom," Aria said woozily.Ezra smiled. "Can I come?
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|I slowly climbed back to my feet, walked back into the emergency department through the silently swishing glass doors, and, covered in my girlfriend's blood, lied perfectly for the first time in my life. "I tried to stop her.
Markus Zusak|It is only when you open your veins and bleed onto the page a little that you establish contact with your reader. If you do not believe in the characters or the story you are doing at that moment with all your mind, strength, and will, if you don't feel joy and excitement while writing it, then you're wasting good white paper, even if it sells, because there are other ways in which a writer can bring in the rent money besides writing bad or phony stories.
Milton Babbitt|Music, I feel, must be emotional first and intellectual second.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The Gulag Archipelago 1918-1956|Just as King Midas turned everything to gold, Stalin turned everything to mediocrity.
Sunday Adelaja|We are sons of God, called to reveal God, to make him visible on this earth
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|All those before us have gone into the darkness without assurance of logic or fact or persuasive theory, with only a slender thread of hope or all too shakable convention of faith. And they have been able to sustain that slim hope in the face of darkness, then so must I.
Alice Randall, Ada's Rules: A Sexy Skinny Novel|We are taught to think ourselves ugly. Eyes are an assaulted sense. We are taught to behave by spankings and whippings. Touch is an assaulted sense. We are taught we should not smell, or we smell wrong. Smell is an assaulted sense. We listen to songs that call us 'hos and tell us how to give blow jobs. Hearing is an assaulted sense. Taste, not so much.
William Shakespeare, Cymbeline|The pow'r I have on you is to spare you / The malice towards you, to forgive you. Posthumus
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.
Jay-Z|Nothing is cooler and more attractive than a big comeback, and that'll be me.
Lisa Henry, The Good Boy|He wrote you a poem?" Evelyn looped her hand around Georgiana's arm and led the way to the chairs lining one side of the room."He did." Grateful to see Luxley select one of the debutantes as his next victim, Georgiana accepted a glass of Madeira from one of the footman. After three hours of quadrilles, waltzes, and country dances, her feet ached. "And you know what rhymes with Georgiana, don't you?"Evelyn wrinkled her brow, her gray eyes twinkling. "No, what?""Nothing. He just put 'iana' after every ending word. In iambic trimeter, yet. 'Oh, Georgiana, your beauty is my sunlightiana, your hair is finer than goldiana, your—' "Lucinda made a choking sound.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Religions take hold and dominate a culture, not because they accurately portray reality, but because they appear to, once having been accepted – such that succeeding generations are heavily indoctrinated into the shared cultural mindset from birth.
Christina Engela|Who exactly am I saving from shame, when I’ll live and die in every possible way?
Harvey Pekar|Our subconscious minds have no sense of humor, play no jokes and cannot tell the difference between reality and an imagined thought or image. What we continually think about eventually will manifest in our lives.
Marilyn French, The Women's Room|When a man loses superiority, he loses potency. That's what all this talk about castrating women is about. Castrating women are those who refuse to pretend men are better than they are and better than women are. The simple truth — that men are only equal — can undermine a culture more devastatingly than any bomb. Subversion is telling the truth.
Julia Quinn, What Happens in London|Most people would have probably lost count around seven. This was, Harry knewfrom his extensive reading on logic and arithmetic, the largest number that most peoplecould visually appreciate. Put seven dots on a page, and most people can take a quickglance and declare, “Seven.” Switch to eight, and the majority of humanity was lost.
Henry Miller, Tropic of Cancer|When a desperate, hungry spirit appears and makes the guinea pigs squeal it is because he knows where to put the live wire of sex, because he knows that beneath the hard carapace of indifference there is concealed the ugly gash, the wound that never heals.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We cannot teach children the danger of lying to men without feeling as men, the greater danger of lying to children.
Benjamin Franklin|Time means a lot to me, paperwork wastes it, and I have always been a firm believer in my right to do anything I cannot be stopped from doing. Which sometimes entails not getting caught at it. This is not quite so bad as it sounds, as I am a decent, civilized, likable guy. So, shading my eyes against the blue and fiery afternoon, I began searching for ways to convince the authorities of this. Lying, I decided, was probably best.
RVM|Just like waves in the ocean come and go, no challenge is permanent. Problems will come and go too. We must enjoy the Challenges just like we enjoy the Waves.
Judith Spencer, Satans High Priest|It was dark now, and broodingly sluggish. Like something supine waiting to spring, with just the tip of its tail twitching. Leaves stood still on the trees. An evil green star glinted in the black sky like a hostile eye, like an evil spying eye.("For The Rest Of Her Life")
Georg Joachim Rheticus|If you need a handbook for praise and worship, read Psalms.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Catie Conrad, just because we think we deserve something, it doesn't mean God is going to allow it to happen in the snap of a finger.
Steven Magee|When people say 'let's do something about it', they mean 'let's get hold of the political machinery so that we can do something to somebody else.' And that somebody is invariably you.
John Milton, Paradise Lost|Shall that be shut to man, which to the beast Is open? or will God incense his ire For such a petty trespass? and not praise Rather your dauntless virtue, whom the pain Of death denounced, whatever thing death be, Deterred not from achieving what might lead To happier life, knowledge of good and evil; Of good, how just? of evil, if what is evil Be real, why not known, since easier shunned? God therefore cannot hurt ye, and be just; Not just, not God: not feared then, nor obeyed: Your fear itself of death removes the fear. Why then was this forbid? Why, but to awe; Why, but to keep ye low and ignorant, His worshippers? He knows that in the day Ye eat thereof, your eyes, that seem so clear, Yet are but dim, shall perfectly be then Opened and cleared, and ye shall be as gods, Knowing both good and evil, as they know.
James Joyce, Ulysses|See with your own eyes, hear with your own ears, think your own thoughts, say what you must say, do what you must do, love all that you can and stand on your own two feet.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|Back turned, you don't have to look at what you've left behind. And the person who first turned their back on you can't watch you break down and cry. Never allow an enemy to see weakness in you.
Sonya Sones, What My Girlfriend Doesn't Know|But Lunch Isn't That Bad, ReallyOnce I get used tohaving to eat with two peopleinstead of one.Two people who have known each otherfor such a long timethat they practically speak in code.Two people who are always saying,"Remember the time when this happened?"and "Remember the time when that happened?"(Which, of course,I never do,because I wasn't there.)Well, okay,it is that bad.It sucks, even.
Jane Smiley|So all I have is the knowledge that I saw! That I saw without being afraid and without turning away, and that I didn't forgive the unforgivable. Forgiveness is a reflex for when you can't stand what you know. I resisted that reflex. That's my sole, solitary, lonely accomplishment.
Roy Orbison|I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say. A silent prayer, like dreamers do, then I fall asleep to dream my dreams of you.
J. Loren Norris|There may be a day when you find yourself standing at the precipice, looking down into the abyss of hopelessness and waiting, pleading, begging for someone who has been in this place before to come alongside you and show you the way back to hope.
Hermann Franz Moritz Kopp|The alchemists of past centuries tried hard to make the elixir of life: ... Those efforts were in vain; it is not in our power to obtain the experiences and the views of the future by prolonging our lives forward in this direction. However, it is well possible in a certain sense to prolong our lives backwards by acquiring the experiences of those who existed before us and by learning to know their views as well as if we were their contemporaries. The means for doing this is also an elixir of life.
Steven Erikson, Deadhouse Gates|But man, proud man,Dress'd in a little brief authority,Most ignorant of what he's most assur'd—His glassy essence—like an angry apePlays such fantastic tricks before high heavenAs makes the angels weep; who, with our spleens,Would all themselves laugh mortal.
Tom Araya|My politics are of a practical kind - the integrity of the country, the supremacy of the Federal government, an honorable peace, or none at all.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|A house is your third skin, after the skin made of flesh and clothing.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Having to explain to someone how they hurt you, always feels like an ass kicking... again.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre: Redemption|I hear a small voicein the back of my mindand it is chanting a prayer:‘Please don’t fall in love again,please don’t fall in love again.’Maybe this time I will listen.Maybe this I will learn.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|As we sail in the voyage of life,the love and joy we shared count more than anything else.Let them feel the rhythm of our heart,share them the music of our soul,for a meaningful, fulfilling moments of today,for a hopeful, promising and joyful tomorrow
Dianna Hardy, The Demon Bride|...You know something, don't you?""I know lots of things--your inquiry needs to be more specific.""Just answer the question.""True/false or multiple choice?
Margaret Stohl, Icons|Praised be my Lord, for our sister water.St. Francis of Assisi,Canticle of the Sun
Yukio Mishima, Spring Snow|When you can no longer differentiate between the insanity spewed onto the blank page, and the madness evident in the all-but shattered mirror...that's when you know you're doing it right.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Living Buddha, Living Christ|I always encourage them to practice in a way that will help them go back to their own tradition and get re-rooted. If they succeed at at becoming reintegrated, they will be an important instrument in transforming and renewing their tradition. ...When we respect our blood ancestors and our spiritual ancestors, we feel rooted. If we find ways to cherish and develop our spiritual heritage, we will avoid the kind of alienation that is destroying society, and we will become whole again. ... Learning to touch deeply the jewels of our own tradition will allow us to understand and appreciate the values of other traditions, and this will benefit everyone.
Dr. Seuss|When he worked, he really worked. But when he played, he really PLAYED.
Ichigo Takano, Orange: The Complete Collection, Vol. 2|This is your time, right now, to get up and start moving. With motivation floating in the air around you, take a chance at your dreams. This moment may never come again. This motivation may be lost. This might be the last chance you have to change your life. Are you going to waste this chance? Are you willing to give up your dreams out of fear? Time is not going to stop. Time will keep leaving until, before you know it, your life is gone. This life is the only chance you get, this life will never restart. This is it. Is the way you are living right now worth your life?
Roxanne Gay|. . . there was a softness to Cash’s gaze that made her want to lean into it. It felt like being stroked with a paintbrush, all the way down her body, leaving everything tingling in its wake.
