Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|If [Patricia Highsmith] saw an acquaintance walking down the sidewalk she would deliberately cross over so as to avoid them. When she came in contact with people, she realised she split herself into many different, false, identities, but, because she loathed lying and deceit, she chose to absent herself completely rather than go through such a charade. Highsmith interpreted this characteristic as an example of 'the eternal hypocrisy in me', rather her mental shape-shifting had its source in her quite extraordinary ability to empathise. Her imaginative capacity to subsume her own identity, while taking on the qualities of those around her - her negative capability, if you like - was so powerful that she said she often felt like her inner visions were far more real than the outside world. She aligned herself with the mad and the miserable, 'the insane man who feels himself one with all mankind, all life, because in losing his mind, he has lost his ego, his self-ness', yet realised that such a state inspired her fiction. Her ambition, she said, was to write about the underlying sickness of this 'daedal planet' and capture the essence of the human condition: eternal disappointment.
Michio Kaku, Parallel Worlds: A Journey Through Creation, Higher Dimensions, and the Future of the Cosmos|It isn’t the world at stake, Ender. Just us. Just humankind. As far as the rest of the earth is concerned, we could be wiped out and it would adjust, it would get on with the next step in evolution. But humanity doesn’t want to die. As a species, we have evolved to survive.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 3|When I was just a cute little caterpillar, you loved me. So I became a butterfly so you would never leave.
Pittacus Lore, The Power of Six|After the first glass, you see things as you wish they were. After the second, you see things as they are not. Finally, you see things as they really are, and that is the most horrible thing in the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Besides God, there is no glory above coming from humble beginnings, from sleeping under a porous grass thatched mud hut to rising above and beyond tabernacles of greatness
Brene Brown|Parenting is the hardest thing I have ever done. I tried to find the balance between the strict, traditional Chinese way I was raised, which I think can be too harsh, and what I see as a tendency in the West to be too permissive and indulgent. If I could do it all again, I would, with some adjustments.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We’re making our decisions … or so we think. Yet in truth, ignorance, greed, and the scourge of immediate gratification are often the things that are making them. So if we’re going to truly live well, maybe the first thing we need to decide is who’s deciding.
Daisaku Ikeda|Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.
Tony Dovale|We all see the same thing, but interpretive it differently.
Suzanne Hayes, I'll Be Seeing You|When something's fallen apart as many times as usI can't put it back together, it's not the same
Timberlake Wertenbaker, Our Country's Good|Why are you so angry with your Duckling, harry? Don't you like it when I open my legs wide to you? Cross them over you - the way you like? What will you do when your little Duckling isn't there anymore to touch you with her soft fingertips, Harry, where you like it? First the left nipple and then the right. Your Duckling doesn't want to leave you, Harry.""Duckling...""I need freedom sometimes, Harry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Do not try to make the Bible relevant. Its relevance is axiomatic. Do not defend God's word, but testify to it. Trust to the Word. It is a ship loaded to the very limits of its capacity. -Dietrich Bonhoeffer
Matshona Dhliwayo|I succeed in life by being passionate about my dreams,
Robin Benway, Audrey, Wait!|No, Kramisha, he's not black. He's a killer bird with evil for his Daddy.
Roy C. Marien, Samrajni of Pemako|As the Epic Film, Noah, debuts this weekend, those of you who have read Samrajni of Pemako know about the Noah subplot in the novel.Yes, Safiya, the protagonist is distantly related to Noah...
Sunday Adelaja|A successful person will never use the word ‘no’, ‘I cannot’ or ‘it is impossible
C.J. Sinclair, I Beg to Differ|When I think of existence, I cannot help but wonder, "What is life, anyway?" Where do I fit in the grand scheme of life? What is the point of it, anyway? Is this a test—and if so, am I passing it?
Ciarán West|Ah, yeah. Yeah, tis awful all right. Well, your Mam wanted me to talk to you about it, but…’He stopped; he didn’t know what else to say.‘Yeah? Ah, I know the score, Dad. She wants me to be careful, is it?’‘Ah, no. Well, yeah; there’s that, of course. No, she wanted… well, if you’d any questions, youknow?’ I wasn’t sure if he wanted me to say yes, or if he just wanted me to say no, and save himhaving to be awkward. He looked lost. I felt like I wanted to save him‘No, I’ve no questions, Dad. It’s all right, shur.’ He looked at me then. His eyes went wet, likehe was going to start bawling. If we were in a film, he might have hugged me. But we were inLimerick, so he just said:‘Well, so,’ and put his one glove back on.From The Boys of Summer
Guru Nanak|Owing to ignorance of the rope the rope appears to be a snake; owing to ignorance of the Self the transient state arises of the individualized, limited, phenomenal aspect of the Self.
Suzanne Collins|Dead, but not allowed to die. Alive, but as good as dead.
Sherry Thomas, The Perilous Sea|Being afraid, being uncertain you’ll succeed, but going ahead anyway— that’s what makes a hero, Berhanu.
Dorothy Parker|If you have any young friends who aspire to become writers, the second greatest favor you can do them is to present them with copies of The Elements of Style. The first greatest, of course, is to shoot them now, while they’re happy.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Music brings a warm glow to my vision, thawing mind and muscle from their endless wintering.
William Godwin|Technology is at the forefront of everything these days - communication, work. It's amazing and scary at the same time how robots have evolved, but I find it hard to believe that robots will completely rule the world. Not in my lifetime anyway.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A good quote is a beautiful bird! Wherever you meet with it, you will start flying with it!
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|In life we don't always get what we want; hopes and dreams get washed away so easily, hearts are broken, chances are missed, and we always seem to end up right back where we started.
Henry Dircks, Perpetuum Mobile: Or a History of the Search for Self-Motive Power from the 13th to the 19th Century|It was like bouncing tennis balls off a mystery piece of furniture and deducing, from the direction in which the balls ricocheted, whether it was a chair or a table or a Welsh dresser.
Virginia M. Axline, Dibs in Search of Self|Sometimes it is very difficult to keep in mind the fact that the parents, too, have reasons for what they do-- have reasons, locked in the depths of their personalities, for their inability to love, to understand, to give of themselves to their children.
Sophie Hannah, The Orphan Choir|If you only have one world, one life, then however brilliant it is most of the time, you have nowhere to run when you need to escape from it for a while.
Matthew Donnelly|The most powerful forces in the universe are infinite. Love, imagination, intuition, stillness. Then why should we define our soul?
Ben Lerner|Each member of this shadowy network resented the others, who were irritating reminders that nothing was more American, whatever that means, than fleeing the American, whatever that is, and that their soft version of self-imposed exile was just another of late empire's packaged tours.
Richie Norton|Forest rangers see the forest differently. Likewise, entrepreneurs see the world differently.
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|Why is it, I wondered, that old people are always so self-centered and excitable? But I just smiled benignly and stood back, comforted by the thought that soon they would be dead.
Kyle Chandler|Everyone can have their heart broken. Even if you know the relationship isn't working, it's still sad. Even in a bad relationship, they're part of your life for a long time, and saying goodbye to that can be difficult.
Aphrodite Matsakis, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|In the culture people talk about trauma as an event that happened a long time ago. But what trauma is, is the imprints that event has left on your mind and in your sensations... the discomfort you feel and the agitation you feel and the rage and the helplessness you feel right now.
Kelli Jae Baeli, Crossing Paths|You can bail water 24/7, and no matter how good you are at not sinking, you still have a hole in your boat.
W. Somerset Maugham|He was terribly conscious that he only had one life and with seemed to sad to think that he had wasted it. He could never surmount his immeasurable regret. And that's why I tell you that Byring is right. Even though it only lasts five years, even though he ruins his career, even though this marriage ends in disaster, it will have been worth while. He will have been satisfied. He will have fulfilled himself.
N.D. Wilson, 100 Cupboards|The more you learn about the dignity of the gorilla, the more you want to avoid people.
Jeff Bridges|I want to be judged by who I am, not by a relationship.
Sara Barnard|I don't know why I didn't have this sixth sense or whatever it is all along, but part of me thinks maybe it means I'm growing up, evolving into a real superhero. Like maybe the world knew I couldn't handle it before, but now, now I'm finally becoming me an the world know sit -- or maybe I'm just learning to listen to myself.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|AIDS would have claimed fewer lives if we had publicly recommended what I wish to call ‘The Presumption of Sickness,’ i.e., the principle that whomever we are about to sleep with is HIV-positive until proven HIV-negative.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|Nature had found the perfect place to hide the yellow fever virus. It seeded itself and grew in the blood, blooming yellow and running red.
Debasish Mridha|Gratitude is the combination of appreciate, love, kindness, and compassion in a beautiful heart.
Bernard Cornwell, The Empty Throne|So a good man can be a bad Christian?""I suppose so.""Then a bad man," I said, "can be a good Christian?
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|What's poetry?" I've never heard the word before, but I like the sound of it. It sounds elegant and easy, somehow, like a beautiful woman turning in a long dress.
John Oliver|The five stages of bureaucratic grieving are: denial, anger, committee meetings, scapegoating, and cover-up.
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|if it doesn’t come bursting out of youin spite of everything,don’t do it.unless it comes unasked out of yourheart and your mind and your mouthand your gut,don’t do it.
Shashi Tharoor, Bookless in Baghdad: Reflections on Writing and Writers|Why does man need bread? To survive. But why survive if it is only to eat more bread? To live is more than just to sustain life - it is to enrich, and be enriched by, life.
Matthew Scully, Dominion: The Power of Man, the Suffering of Animals, and the Call to Mercy|I obviously do everything to be "hard to understand" myself
Waqar Ahmed|Friendship is delicate as a glass, once broken it can be fixed but there will always be cracks
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|So here's the deal: I speak up in class, I get sent to office. Megan speaks up in class, she's a "strong, assertive model student."I post a few flyers saying that the vending machines on school property are a sign that our school has sold out to corporate-industrial establishment, I get (what else?) Saturday detention. Megan starts a campaign to serve local foods in the lunchroom (oh, and can we please maybe get rid of the soda machines?) and the local newspaper does a write-up about her.She's like me, only not. Not like me at all. She's the golden girl and I'm...tarnished. So forgive me if I hate her a little.
Richard P. Feynman|If the human race wants to go to hell in a basket, technology can help it get there by jet.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 2: Preparing for God's Paradise|Each step you take from Jesus Christ, brings you closer to hell.
Anthony Quinn|I was a very good baseball and football player, but my father always told me I was much more interested in how I looked playing baseball or football than in actually playing. There's great truth in that.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|I wondered what it was like to feel whole, to not feel torn up or stunned out or wigged out or any of those things. I wondered what it was like to walk around the world looking up at the sky instead of searching the ground, eye to eye with things that crawled.
Vaun Murphrey|Distance is meaningless, as is time, when minds and souls intertwine.”-Gerome in CHANGELING-
William Lane Craig|The orthodox tend to think that people who, like the postmodernists and me, believe neither in God nor in some suitable substitute, must feel that everything is permitted, that everybody can do what they like.
Yukio Mishima, Runaway Horses|How oddly situated a man is apt to find himself at age thirty-eight! His youth belongs to the distant past. Yet the period of memory beginning with the end of youth and extending to the present has left him not a single vivid impression. And therefore he persists in feeling that nothing more than a fragile barrier separates him from his youth. He is forever hearing with the utmost clarity the sounds of this neighboring domain, but there is no way to penetrate the barrier.Honda felt that his youth had ended with the death of Kiyoaki Matsugae. At that moment something real within him, something that had burned with a vibrant brilliance, suddenly ceased to be.Now, late at night, when Honda grew weary of his legal drafts, he would pick up the dream journal that Kiyoaki had left him and turn over its pages.(...)Since then eighteen years had passed. The border between dream and memory had grown indistinct in Honda’s mind. Because the words contained in this journal, his only souvenir of his friend, had been traced there by Kiyoaki’s own hand, it had profound significance for Honda. These dreams, left like a handful of gold dust in a winnowing pan, were charged with wonder.As time went by, the dreams and the reality took on equal worth among Honda’s diverse memories. What had actually occurred was in the process of merging with what could have occurred. As reality rapidly gave way to dreams, the past seemed very much like the future.When he was young, there had been only one reality, and the future had seemed to stretch before him, swelling with immense possibilities. But as he grew older, reality seemed to take many forms, and it was the past that seemed refracted into innumerable possibilities. Since each of these was linked with its own reality, the line distinguishing dream and reality became all the more obscure. His memories were in constant flux, and had taken on the aspect of a dream.
Carter Heyward|Faith is a process of leaping into the abyss not on the basis of any certainty about where we shall land, but rather on the belief that we shall land.
Adriano Bulla|I read as if time were running out, because technically it is. As I grow older I find I'm increasingly impatient with mediocre entertainments; I want books that will take my breath away and realign my vision - Barbara Kingsolver
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|private loans will utilize existing resources and capital far better than government loans. Government loans will waste far more capital and resources than private loans. Government loans, in short, as compared with private loans, will reduce production, not increase it.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|Why am I as I am? To understand that of any person, his whole life, fromBirth must be reviewed. All of our experiences fuse into our personality. Everything that ever happened to us is an ingredient.
Stephen McAndrew, Why It Doesn't Matter What You Believe If It's Not True: Is There Absolute Truth?|If truth and moral values are relative, one cannot claim that certain human rights are universally applicable to all cultures and all people.
Rudy Rucker|If you ordered up a whore here, you'd probably get a theater major doing Joan Crawford as Sadie Thompson. I wonder what would happen if I ordered up a Hershey bar?" His eyes lit up for a moment. "I wonder what would happen if I ordered up a whore and a Hershey bar?
Frederick Buechner, The Alphabet of Grace|The little man gave the big one a look. One of his eyes was green, one was black, and both were cool.
Christina Milian|If we destroy the biosphere, then mankind will die. We all waste our time worrying about stupid wars and petty jealousy and greed, and all the time, we're sitting on a time bomb.
Whitley Strieber|I love writing Christmas stories, especially of the historical variety.
m.ralte|If only, we could stop taking our job as an OPPORTUNITY and work honestly as a DUTY, this world would be a much better, peaceful and loving place to live in.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|Keep in mind my friend, if an answer is not rational, then it is not an answer, but a delusion.
Eleanor Roosevelt|To handle yourself, use your head; to handle others, use your heart.
Vikram Patel|With tens of thousands of patients dying every year from preventable medical errors, it is imperative that we embrace available technologies and drastically improve the way medical records are handled and processed.
Sunday Adelaja|Singapore, Switzerland, Austria, and many of the European countries that we all admire today, don’t have one tenth of the natural resources that African countries have. Yet, because of the principles of truth and honesty, they have been able to build some of the most civilized societies in the modern world.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Everyone thinks you've been kidnapped," he said. "We've been scouring the ship. When Coach Hedge finds out- oh, gods, you've been here all night?""Frank!" Annabeth's ears were as red as strawberries. "We just came down here to talk. We fell asleep. Accidentally. That's it.""Kissed a couple of times," Percy said.Annabeth glared at him. "Not helping!
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Some fail because after they choose the direction for their careers, they spend too much time second-guessing their decision.
Mike Krieger|Growing up in the Sacramento Valley in the '70s, we were all pretty big into cars. Of course, I had to nerd out and be a fan of Bob Tullius' Group 44 Jaguars instead of Corvettes/Camaros.
Mark Takano|Gender equality cannot be achieved by cutting programs that allow girls to get the same chance to compete, learn, and play. The United States has had a solid history of commitment to its female athletes and expanding opportunity for women, and it is imperative that we continue on this path.
Stephen Baxter, Exultant|The past is a distraction, a source of envy, enmity, bitterness. Only the present matters, for only in the present can we shape the future.Cut loose the past; it is dead weight.Let the Extirpation continue. Let it never end.
Libba Bray|There is much asked and only so much I think I can or should answer, and so, in this post I would like to give a few thoughts on what seemed to be the overwhelming question: “WHY?”And here is the best answer I can give: Because.Because sometimes, life is damned unfair.Because sometimes, we lose people we love and it hurts deeply.Because sometimes, as the writer, you have to put your characters in harm’s way and be willing to go there if it is the right thing for your book, even if it grieves you to do it.Because sometimes there aren’t really answers to our questions except for what we discover, the meaning we assign them over time.Because acceptance is yet another of life’s “here’s a side of hurt” lessons and it is never truly acceptance unless it has cost us something to arrive there.Why, you ask? Because, I answer.Inadequate yet true.
Saleem Sharma|He pushed his two feet together and shot his right arm in the air before clicking his two heels together and saying in a deep and clear voice as possible the words he said every time he left a soldiers presence. 'Heil Hitler,' he said, which, he presumed, was another way of saying, 'Well, goodbye for now, have a pleasant afternoon'.
Carol Drinkwater, The Olive Farm: A Memoir of Life, Love, and Olive Oil in the South of France|I am moving the rudder, shifting the course of my life. I have not thought of it this way before, but that is what I am doing. Taking my fate into my own hands, turning dreams into reality. And there is nothing more sacred or precious than that. To choose a direction: but how often do we miss the signposts?
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Because sugar is not arsenic, many graves are full.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Making art requires a degree of intentionality. All works of art require a contemplative individual drawing from their bank of knowledge and immersion into the realms of memory and imagination in order to make an outward, communicative expression. Only human beings can draw upon the dialectical tension between memory and imagination to create artistic renderings.
Ashish Dalela, Six Causes: The Vedic Theory of Creation|We create the world we live in. If we want to change what we don't like in the world, we must start by changing what we don't like about ourselves.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You will be a different person after the storm, because the storm will heal you from your perfection.
Sara Sheridan|Without archives many stories of real people would be lost, and along with those stories, vital clues that allow us to reflect and interpret our lives today.
Eleanor Keane|The only way, I thought to myself, that this could get any weirder would be if it turns out he has that dead body's head on ice where in the basement, some ready for transplantation onto Cindy Crawford's body as soon as it becomes available.
Paul Tonko|If I or any other black can deliver at the box office, I'll get a lot of work. Too many young actors, regardless of their color, try to play an attitude on camera and fail to remember their job is to fit into an entertainment.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|When you have done your best and still failed, use Cosmic Ordering.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|Of all the emotional relationships in life, is there any more delicate, more noble, and more intense than a boy's deep and yet so totally bashful love for another boy? The kind of love that never speaks, never dares give way to a caress, a glance, or a word, the kind of vigilant love that bitterly grieves over every shortcoming or imperfection in the one who is loved, a love which is longing and admiration and negation of self, and which is pride and humility and calmly breathing happiness.
Daniel J. Boorstin|Design is a funny word. Some people think design means how it looks. But of course, if you dig deeper, it's really how it works.
C. Wright Mills, The Power Elite|Theory -the seeing of patterns, showing the forest as well as the trees- theory can be a dew that rises from earth and collects in the rain cloud and returns to earth over and over. But if it doesn't smell of the earth, it isn't good for earth. -Notes Toward a Politics of Location
Liam Smith|Scotland needs comedy more than ever. With the independence debate, finally after 300 years, reaching room temperature.
-Japs Loner|For being crazy Like me is not a decease,because I think this is the onLy way i to Hide my Emotion and to Prove that I'm a Strong Person
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|Very slowly using two fingers, Annabeth drew her dagger. Instead of dropping it, she tossed it as far as she could into the w
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human labor, the manual work that people engage in to build their world, both physical and spiritual, defines the realization of their conceptual realm.
Adam Selzer, I Kissed a Zombie, and I Liked It|If your life was complete, you'd be dead.
Gregory C. Carlson, Sold on Language: How Advertisers Talk to You and What This Says about You|Is it possible to make a sharp distinction between the content and the the form, between the personality of the Texas auctioneer and the language that he uses? Are not our attitudes toward people and events in great part shaped by the very language in which we describe them? When we try to describe one person to another or to a group, what do we say? Not usually how or what that person ate, rarely what he wore, only occasionally how he managed his job -- no, what we tell is what he said and, if we are good mimics, how he said it. We apparently consider a person's spoken words the true essence of his being.
Tara Gilesbie, My Immortal|WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING YOU MOTHERFUKERS!" It was...........Dumbledore!
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|I know I’m not supposed to say this, but I love you.
Ross Macdonald, The Barbarous Coast|Ethics is the key which opens big doors to business success. However once it gets lost, the same access is locked for ever. The newly acquired access gets eclipsed with lost reliability.
Lisa Kleypas, Scandal in Spring|A good general rule is that one should seek to be loved by one’s peers—one’s spouse and one’s friends are the best examples—but beyond that, one should first seek to be respected. Seeking to be loved is almost always destructive to non-peer relationships. Teachers, for example, should seek to be respected by their students, not loved. Likewise parents, when raising their children, should not seek to be loved; they need to do too much that may not elicit love in order to raise good and, ironically, loving children. In the liberal world in America, the roles of parents and teachers shifted from authority figures to peers. The results have not been good for children or for society. When one seeks to be loved by those over whom one must exercise authority, one compromises the values necessary to do a proper job.
James     Baldwin|For nothing is fixed, forever and forever and forever, it is not fixed; the earth is always shifting, the light is always changing, the sea does not cease to grind down rock. Generations do not cease to be born, and we are responsible to them because we are the only witnesses they have. The sea rises, the light fails, lovers cling to each other, and children cling to us. The moment we cease to hold each other, the sea engulfs us and the light goes out.
Debasish Mridha|To be a success, be yourself.
Ann Landers|Some people believe holding on and hanging in there are signs of great strength. However, there are times when it takes much more strength to know when to let go and then do it.
Leah Stewart, The History of Us|So much urgent and lifelike love went rumbling around underground and died there, never got expressed at all, so let some errant inconvenient attraction have its way. There was so little time
Shai Tubali, A Guide to Bliss: Transforming Your Life through Mind Expansion|Human suffering is caused mainly by ideas, emotions, and thoughts which are the handiwork of the human itself.
Dada Bhagwan|Is it wrong worldly interaction (avyavahar) when someone insults you? It is (correct) worldly interaction (vyavahar). Gnani (Self-realized person) will be pleased that he has become free from karma bondage, when someone insults Him; while a non Self-realized person will fight back.
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|Rape is a crime against sleep and memory; it's after image imprints itself like an irreversible negative from the camera obscure of dreams. Though their bodies would heal, their souls had sustained a damage beyond compensation
Peter  Jackson|Aragorn: Gentlemen! We do not stop 'til nightfall.Pippin: But what about breakfast?Aragorn: You've already had it.Pippin: We've had one, yes. But what about second breakfast?[Aragorn stares at him, then walks off.]Merry: Don't think he knows about second breakfast, Pip.Pippin: What about elevensies? Luncheon? Afternoon tea? Dinner? Supper? He knows about them, doesn't he?Merry: I wouldn't count on it Pip.
Salman Mansuri|Sometimes life ask you a question, but you couldn't find answer in any book. You have to create answer yourself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|War is only one facet of the larger problem of evil which has been with the human race since the beginning . . .This same evil tried to destroy the greatest human being who ever lived, nailing Him to a cross.
Karl Marx, A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy|When we must pay the true price for the depletion of nature’s gifts, materials will become more precious to us, and economic logic will reinforce, and not contradict, our heart’s desire to treat the world with reverence and, when we receive nature’s gifts, to use them well.
Chuck Norris|The biggest and most deadly 'tax' rate on the poor comes from a loss of various welfare state benefits - food stamps, housing subsidies and the like - if their income goes up.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|On the train I saw that world passing my window. It was when I came to see it was I who was passing that my self-centered childhood was over. But it was not until I began to write, that I found the world out there revealing, because memory had become attached to seeing, love had added itself to discovery, and because I recognized in my own continuing longing to keep going, the need I carried inside myself to know - the apprehension, first, and then the passion, to connect myself to it. Through travel I first became aware of the outside world; it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it. This is, of course, simply saying that the outside world is the vital component of my inner life. My imagination takes its strength and guides its direction from what I see and hear and learn and feel and remember of my living world. But I was to learn slowly that both these worlds, outer and inner, were different from what they seemed to me in the beginning.
David W. Earle|The candle cannot burn without fire, similarly, your spiritual greatness cannot be measured without hardships
Sigmund Freud, The Interpretation of Dreams|* *Do remember that dishonesty and cowardice always have to be paid for.*Don’t imagine that for years on end you can make yourself the boot-licking propagandist of the Soviet régime, or any other régime, and then suddenly return to mental decency. Once a whore, always a whore.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|So what do you wants?" asked Myrtle."I want to help evolution."Evolution did not fill Faith with the same horror her father had felt. Why should she weep to hear that nothing was set in stone? Everything could change. Everything could get better. Everything was getting better, inch by inch, so slowly that she could not see it, but knowing it gave her strength.
Tatiana Maslany|It is wisdom in prosperity, when all is as thou wouldn't have it, to fear and suspect the worst.
Hope Davis|I'm very into Taylor Swift. From her music to her wardrobe, she is absolutely killing it. Also, she has adorable cats that I would love to pet.
Gabriel García Márquez|Human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but ... life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|Think on blessings and not curses, beauty not ugliness, health not sickness. Meditate on wealth not poverty, success not failure, grace not disgrace!
Thomas Hardy|She felt powerless to withstand or deny him. He was altogether too much for her, and Bathsheba seemed as one who, facing a reviving wind, finds it to blow so strongly that it stops the breath.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Three kinds of people achieve illumination: those who learn, those who teach, and those who do both continuously.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|You will build confidence by continuing to put yourself into new and innovative situations where you can learn new skills, grow your education, test your strengths, and improve your abilities.
Charles Finch, The Last Enchantments|Never wade through the pretty ripples of perpetually flowing rivers, until you have looked at their lovely waters,and prayed to them,and washed your hands in the pale enchanting water.
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|Punishment symptoms Many of the other types of programming produce psychiatric symptoms, usually administered as punishments by insiders who are trained to administer them, if the survivor has breached security or disobeyed the abusers' instructions in other ways. These symptoms serve a variety of purposes, such as disrupting therapy, getting the survivor into hospital, or getting the survivor to return to the perpetrators to have the programming reinforced. p126
Woflgang Amadeus Mozart|Music, even in situations of the greatest horror, should never be painful to the ear but should flatter and charm it, and thereby always remain music.
Mark Twain|We are real black characters with real character, not the stars of American racist spectacle. Blackness is not probable cause.
Keith Ferrazzi, Never Eat Alone: And Other Secrets to Success, One Relationship at a Time|I slide to my knees and say, "Please let this be over." Then, I'm not ready for it to be over.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|I found the head nurse and asked her, and she said Dan has been flown back to America on account of they can take better care of him there. I asked her if he is okay, and she said, 'Yeah, if you can call two punctured lungs, a severed intestine, spinal separation, a missing foot, a truncated leg, and third degree burns over half the body okay, then he is just fine. I thanked her, and went on my way.
Gianni Versace|Your hard-won triumphs can be wholly negated if you live in a climate where your victories are seen as threatening, incorrect, distasteful, or -- most crucially of all, for a teenage girl -- simply uncool. Few girls would choose to be right -- right, down into their clever, brilliant bones -- but lonely.
Richard LaGravenese|I kind of feel like we're all humans; we all live on this planet. I kind of always wish there was more of a partnership - a really healthy relationship between people, working together to do things and make it good and change.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|LOVE should be the inspiration when Lover is the Surprise, and when LOVE is the Surprise , then Loved one must be the inspiration!
Michael Gira|It was a kind of sado-masochism. I would take the things that were painful to me and elevate them and, through the mantra of music, make them into a release.
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|How could he hate the Jews and yet feel sick when they were attacked? Louis hated peasants, too, apparently, and yet he had no problem sitting beside Jeanne - hoisting her in the air and dancing even. Jacob tried to turn this over in his head, around and around, like the cartwheels beneath him. But after a while, he gave up. People were too strange to understand, he decided. They were like life. And also that cheese. Too many things at once.
John F. Kennedy|Sailors on a becalmed sea, we sense the stirring of a breeze.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|Human groupings have one main purpose: to assert everyone’s right to be different, to be special, to think, feel and live in his or her own way. People join together in order to win or defend this right. But this is where a terrible, fateful error is born: the belief that these groupings in the name of a race, a God, a party or a State are the very purpose of life and not simply a means to an end. No! The only true and lasting meaning of the struggle for life lies in the individual, in his modest peculiarities and in his right to these peculiarities.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Everyone else’s Minute of remembering is over, but ours stretches on and on. It doesn’tend.
Winston Churchill|Some wars have been due to the lust of rulers for power and glory, or to revenge to wipe out the humiliation of a former defeat.
Anthony Liccione|More and more I feel like a letter—deposited here, collected there. But a letter addressed to no one.
Ani DiFranco|Several companies have explicit policies against cronyism, with good reason. Hiring a family member simply for a relationship can be troubling and may not necessarily serve a company's interests. But by and large, financial firms in particular commonly hire people who have certain connections, whether through family or a business relationship.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|Never mind that. What's going on with you and Heath?"Annabelle pulled a little wide-eyed innocence out of her rusty bag of college acting skills."What do you mean? Business.""Don't give me that. We've been friends too long."She switched to a furrowed brow. "He's my most important client. You know how much this means to me."Molly wasn't buying it. "I've seen the way you look at him. Like he was a slot machine with triple sevens tattooed on his forehead. If you fall in love with him, I swear I'll never speak toyou again." Annabelle nearly choked. She'd known Molly would be suspicious, but she hadn't expected an outright confrontation. "Are you nuts? Setting aside the fact that he treats me like a flunky, I'd never fall for a workaholic after what I've had to go through with my family." Falling in lust, however, was an entirely different matter."He has a calculator for a heart," Molly said. "I thought you liked him.
Thomas Hardy, Far from the Madding Crowd|This good-fellowship—camaraderie—usually occurring through similarity of pursuits, is unfortunately seldom superadded to love between the sexes, because men and women associate, not in their labours, but in their pleasures merely.
Divyen|The way you look at me even if we're surrounded by crowd, is the thing makes me fall in love with you all over again..<3
Emma Thompson, The Sense and Sensibility Screenplay and Diaries: Bringing Jane Austen's Novel to Film|Can he love her? Can the soul really be satisfied with such polite affections? To love is to burn - to be on fire, like Juliet or Guinevere or Eloise...
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|This above all: to thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day, Thou canst not then be false to any man.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|She abandoned the garden, and the mums and asters that had trusted her to see them through to the first frost hung their waterlogged heads.
Ada Calhoun, Wedding Toasts I'll Never Give|Dating is poetry. Marriage is a novel. There are times, maybe years, that are all exposition.
Hollywood|Tiffany has been apprenticing as a witch by visiting people in need with her mentor. After meeting with one particularly sad case, she tells her mentor, "It shouldn't be like this." Her mentor replies, "There isn't a way things should be. There's just what happens, and what we do.
Augustine of Hippo|The deformity of Christ forms you. If he had not willed to be deformed, you would not have recovered the form which you had lost. Therefore he was deformed when he hung on the cross. But his deformity is our comeliness. In this life, therefore, let us hold fast to the deformed Christ.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|For those constantly full of joy, they sometimes feel a little guilty for always feeling so good. That guilt is compassion: it flies in with an attempt to share one's joy with others who do not have it.
Jessica Verday, The Hollow|I felt my cheeks turn red, and she laughed out loud. But I didn't mind too much, because the last thing she saw was my middle finger aimed in her direction as I stepped outside
Mary Renault, The King Must Die|Men would be as gods, if they had foreknowledge.
Abigail Roux, Armed & Dangerous|What do you want, MacGuffin, a duel?”“No.” Julian held out both hands, one palm flat, the other held over it in a fist. “Rock, paper, scissors. Two out of three.”Ty rolled his eyes and held out his fist, apparently willing to play. Julian hit his palm three times, and Ty kept time with his fist in the air. But when Julian threw a paper, Ty reached into his jacket with his other hand and pulled his gun, aiming it at Julian.“Ty!” Zane said in exasperation from the front seat.“Glock, paper, scissors. I win.”“You are an ass,” Julian muttered.
Franz Kafka, Amerika|So then you’re free?’ ‘Yes, I’m free,’ said Karl, and nothing seemed more worthless than his freedom.
John Fowles|Winners know what makes people tick by effectively tapping into our fears and aspirations. By listening very carefully and then repeating almost word-for-word exactly what they’ve heard, winners know how to articulate compelling needs—and products to satisfy those needs—that people didn’t even know they wanted.
Shannon L. Alder|When a man devotes himself body and spirit to a single object, if he has training and aptitude, no matter how mediocre he may be in ordinary affairs, he will produce something so nearly akin to a work of genius as to deceive half the judges who think themselves competent to decide between genius and talent.("The Phantom Model")
Anita Krizzan|For the first time after so many years I come back to cry aloud in the desert. Because this is the mission of the intellectual who is truly a prophet—to cry in the desert. The greatest of the prophets, Isaiah, made it notable, of course, when he spoke of himself as the voice of one "crying in the wilderness." Because the mission of the intellectual is to be the man who, from his desert, his basic solitude—and man is only man amid his truth, only himself when he is alone—cries aloud to others and invites them to each into his own solitude.
Aakash Neeraj Mittal, It Wasn't Her Fault|who accompany ignorants, lives in misery.
Celso Cukierkorn, Secrets of Jewish Wealth Revealed!|Right now, you understand that you are going to have to leave your Egypt of financial debt. I pray that you enjoy your ride through the desert to the Promised Land of prosperity.
Mev Puleo, The Struggle Is One: Voices and Visions of Liberation|Jesus revealed a face of God that bothered society profoundly! (Carlos Mesters, p. 122)
Primo Levi, The Periodic Table|Perfection exists only in your own mind. What you find to be perfect, is not necessarily perfect for someone else.
Debasish Mridha|When you are in love, reality becomes illusion and illusion become reality.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall neve
Joseph Smith, Jr.|And when I was young, my family was perfectly nice. I write a lot about it, as you noticed. But it was rather limited. I think, I don't think anyone in my family would really feel I'd done them an injustice by saying that. We didn't see many people. There were many books. It was as if I wanted to get away from home.
Victoria Alexander, The Prince's Bride|I think it's your bosoms." Rand Surveyed him critically. "The dress wouldn't be as tight if they weren;t so large. I think your bosoms are too big."Alexei looked down at his overstuffed chest. "Can bosoms ever be too big?"Not real bosoms perhaps, but I think in your case..." Rand considered him thoughtfully. "No question about it: they're definately too big"Are you sure?" Alexei studied his reflection. "I thought they were just the right size for a man of my height.
Neil Gaiman|And I thought, eight years ago, when I began carefully charting the progress of American Gods, nervously dipping my toes into the waters of blogging, would I have imagined a future in which, instead of recording the vicissitudes of bringing a book into the world, I would be writing about not-even-interestingly missing cups of cold camomile tea? And I thought, yup. Sounds about right.Happy Eighth birthday, blog.
Phil Mitchell, A Bright New Morning: An American Story|Spend every moment in "Hope" and "Love" for God for he has risen and brought us courage.
J. Randy Taraborrelli, The Secret Life of Marilyn Monroe|It must be dawn, and the last breath went out of this body on the table - how long before? Irretrievably gone from this world, as dead as though she had lived a thousand years ago. Men have cut the isthmus of Panama and joined the two oceans; they have bored tunnels that run below rivers; built aluminum planes that fly from Frisco to Manila; sent music over the air and photographs over wires; but never, when the heartbeat of their own kind has once stopped, never when the spark of life has fled, have they been able to reanimate the mortal clay with that commonest yet most mysterious of all processes; the vital force. And this man thinks he can - this man alone, out of all the world's teeming billions! ("Jane Brown's Body")
Anamika Mishra, VoiceMates - A Novel|Memories had come back to Thomas on several occasions. The Changing, the dreams he’d had since, fleeting glimpses here and there, like quick lightning strikes in his mind. And right now, listening to the white-suited man talk, it felt as if he were standing on a cliff and all the answers were just about to float up from the depths for him to see in their entirety. The urge to grasp those answers was almost too strong to keep at bay.But he was still wary. He knew he’d been a part of it all, had helped design the Maze, had taken over after the original Creators died and kept the program going with new recruits. “I remember enough to be ashamed of myself,” he admitted. “But living through this kind of abuse is a lot different than planning it. It’s just not right.
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901, Arizona Territories|Fear and guilt are your enemies. If you let go of fear, fear lets go of you. If you release guilt, guilt will release you. How do you do that? By choosing to. It's that simple.
Alan Jacobs, The Pleasures of Reading in an Age of Distraction|We should affirm the great value of reading just for the fun of it. . . . In my experience, Christians are strangely reluctant to take this advice. We tend to be earnest people, always striving for self-improvement, and can be suspicious of mere recreation. But God doesn’t just create, he takes delight in his creation, and expects us to delight in it too; and since he has given us the desire to make things ourselves—has allowed us to be “sub-creators,” as J. R. R. Tolkien says--we may rightly take delight in the things that we (and others) make. Reading for the sheer delight of it—reading at whim—is therefore one of the most important kinds of reading there is.
Hesham Nebr|There is no a revolution, without a man!
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Redemption|As Lynn writes: "What angers me is the loss of control. At any moment someone could come to me, be dressed the right way and use the right code, and I no longer have free will. I will do anything that person requests.I hate them for that. Nothing else is as bad as known that I am always out of control; knowing that I am still a laboratory experiment, a puppet whose strings are hidden from ever but my handlers, and I don't yet know how to break free.p216
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|The moment she opened the bakery door, his blue eyes had filled with desire. No man had ever looked at her so intensely, like at any moment he would rip her clothes off and ravage her on top of one of the tables. Tension built between her legs as his eyes slowly took in every inch of her. But when he’d kissed her—her body exploded. Everything she’d wanted over the last year had come to fruition. Then, just as fast, he’d disappeared.
Oliver Sacks|FORGIVE FAILURE. The corollary to accountability is forgiveness. Things go wrong all the time in relationships, and the healthiest ones move on from them, leaving behind grudges and blame. This is not to say that failure is accepted; rather, that it is acknowledged and understood.
Andrei Sakharov|I'll never use force to try to make my enemies think the way I think, George - partly because I don't believe in it, and partly because it's useless. You can't destroy ideas by force, and you can't hide 'em by silence.
George R.R. Martin|What are you doing to me?” he asked the crow, tearful. Teaching you how to fly. “I can’t fly!” You’re flying right now. “I’m falling!” Every flight begins with a fall, the crow said.
Sue Hubbell|The problem is that when we speak of plan Bs, we already negate the possibility of moving on with plan A.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Have gracious thoughts of your neighbors,kind thoughts of your friends,loving thoughts of your family,and humble thoughts of yourself.
Steven Rowley|Cal opens a drawer, pulls out a sketch pad and charcoal and sets them down on a drafting table.'Let's draw.'I smile the way I did as a child when receiving a fresh box of 64 Crayola crayons, unabashedly showing all my teeth. I remember how much I used to love to draw, and I wonder why I don't do it anymore. I write, I guess. I draw with words, but when I see Cal's pad and charcoal, I'm overwhelmed with the feeling that it's not the same. I use my words, my artist's charcoal to describe what I'm thinking. He draws with an imperfect fluidity, pausing only occasionally to shade the drawing with his thumb or brush the paper with the back of his hands. He listens and nods and doesn't interrupt. And when I'm done speaking he looks at the drawing, and his eyes get really big. Slowly, he turns his pad around for me to see. My heart stops and then starts. 'Yes,' I say. It's perfect. Alive with added detail and beautiful Inuit soulfulness I couldn't have even imagined sitting outside in my car. My fear is gone. There's a tingling in my skin, like I can feel the thousand needle pricks to come. I am alive.
Sudeep Prakash Sdk|America comes with both rights and responsibilities. You have, for example, the right to free speech, but you have the responsibility to not yell 'fire' in a crowded theater. If you don't live up to that responsibility, you face certain consequences. It's a simple but effective formula. Unfortunately, tenured professors are completely insulated from it. They can scream fire in their classrooms all they want - and then hide behind their tenure if anyone questions them on it.
Shiv Nadar|Senator Udall focused his entire campaign as a social-issues warrior, and that was rejected by the people of Colorado, who embraced our plan of creating jobs and opportunity, growing energy independence, looking at education opportunities for the future, and making sure we're focused on protecting this great Colorado environment.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Start to change your reality today, moulding your reality to suit what you want from life.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|The woman at the next table is making eyes at you,” Lanie said, whispering conspiratorially.“Really? What does she make them out of? Cloth?
Keysha Jade|You have friends and you have enemies, the trick is mastering that the only difference between the two is; your friends will plot your downfall without you realising.
Ahmad Ardalan|Love and peace are not just words, they are a way of life. And in an honest living, love will always conquer.
Andrew Zimmern, Andrew Zimmern's Bizarre World of Food: Brains, Bugs, and Blood Sausage|When I was a child I truly loved:Unthinking love as calm and deepAs the North Sea. But I have lived,And now I do not sleep.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If I could have one friend,just one in all the world,I know that I would not seek outa boy or pretty girl.The friend I’d dare to chooseto stand by me each daywould be a dragon fierce enoughto scare the world away.
Roshan Sharma|The true meaning of life lies in learning. When you learn, you understand the things better, when you understand the things better, it reflects in your actions, and when your actions are right, according to the process of life, you are bound to receive the desired result.
Naveen Jain|In the United States, we spend millions of dollars on sports because it promotes teamwork, discipline, and the experience of learning to make great progress in small increments. Learning to play music does all this and more.
Ernst Jünger, The Glass Bees|When we come under the spell of the deeper domain of technology, its economic character and even its power aspect fascinate us less than its playful side. Then we realize we that we are involved in a play, a dance of the spirit, which cannot be grasped by calculation. What is ultimately left for science is intuition alone - a call of destiny.This playful feature manifests itself more clearly in small things than in the gigantic works of our world. The crude observer can only be impressed by large quantities - chiefly when they are in motion - and yet there are as many organs in a fly as in a leviathan.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Change can only take place, if we desire for change.
Thich Nhat Hanh, For a Future to Be Possible: Buddhist Ethics for Everyday Life|The trouble with Clare was, not only that she wanted to have her cake and eat it too, but that she wanted to nibble at the cakes of other folk as well.
Michelle Rowen, Bitten & Smitten|The scent of growth, quiet and green, hung heavy in the air. I heard everything. I saw everything. I could count the craters on the moon. I could count every mosquito buzz past, bypassing my tender skin out of respect for a fellow bloodsucker.
Simon Mashalla|Also not the kind of place to hide a server.""Is that another pun?" She asked."No! I swear! I didn't mean that one."~Shell Game, Kingdom Keepers #5
Robert Louis Stevenson|Montaigne said long ago: "Were I not to follow the straight road for its straightness, I should follow it for having found by experience that in the end it is commonly the happiest and most useful track." The doctrine of interest rightly understood is not then new, but among the Americans of our time it finds universal acceptance; it has become popular there; you may trace it at the bottom of all their actions, you will remark it in all they say.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Very well! It shall be as you say. But my son, pray this works.I am praying. I'm talking to you, right?Oh...yes. Good point. Amphitrite - incoming!
Stephen Fitzsimons|I wanted life that's comfortable enough for me, my ambitions and love.
J. Paul Getty, How to Be Rich|In some respects, a society in which the members reach a universal level in which they are anonymous drones by choice is even more frightening than one in which they are forced to be so against their will. When human beings relinquish their individuality and identity of their own volition, they are also relinquishing their claim to being human.
Jane Austen, Emma|Ever since her being turned into a Churchill, she has out-Churchill'd them all in high and mighty claims.
John Taskinsoy|Do not waste time wondering things you can't do well, instead think about things you can do great.
Xenophon|I have been luckier than anyone I know or even heard of. I had a very happy childhood, a good education, I enjoyed working as a teacher, journalist and author. I have loved a wonderful man for over 33 years, and I believe he loves me, too.
Erykah Badu|Never knew what a friendship was, Never knew how to really love, You can't be what I need you to, & I don't know why I fuck with you
Sarah Parish|Beyonce is one of my inspirations. Her attitude, her style, her voice... she's perfect.
Richard Paul Evans, A Winter Dream|We can only bring changes by taking a position, and by our actions
Tania Aebi, I've Been Around|... no matter how we go about it, we are never poorer for the experiences that teach us how to write our own manuals.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Loyalty|For the entire history of humanity, we have stared into fires, hypnotized by the twitch and flow of the blues and yellows. We see the stars of alien skies reflected in the coals and divine messages in the dance of the flames. Fire is magic.
David J. Forsyth|If I live...I will live unafraid...I will live so all can see,I am not ashamed of who I am or what I'm designed to be!"-The Great Mephisto
Marcelo Figueras, Kamchatka|Claire's face looking pretty and serene, as if she were gifted with a madness that left her ignorant of worry.
LeBron James|The advice I am giving always to all my students is above all to study the music profoundly... music is like the ocean, and the instruments are little or bigger islands, very beautiful for the flowers and trees.
Sameh Talhamy|Two kinds of people , they spend a lot of time to take a perfect shot of God's creation from the same distance , the first ones take it with their guns and the second ones take it from their Cameras .. I am blessed that I am from the second ones.. ❤️
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Betterment is perpetual labor. The world is chaotic, disorganized, and vexing, and medicine is nowhere spared that reality. To complicate matters, we in medicine are also only human ourselves. We are distractible, weak, and given to our own concerns. Yet still, to live as a doctor is to live so that one's life is bound up in others' and in science and in the messy, complicated connection between the two It is to live a life of responsibility. The question then, is not whether one accepts the responsibility. Just by doing this work, one has. The question is, having accepted the responsibility, how one does such work well.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|When you leave, I feel like I'm alone with your demons.
Rashmit Kalra|After centuries of marginalization and neglect, we need to cast our own movements, projects, and ideas as a battle for relevancy in the face of historical manipulation, exploitation, and oppression. We need to fight, tooth and nail, for equity in all areas of social life. One point to make clear, ethnic and racial minorities are not looking for scraps or a handout from the old paternalistic system but an equitable, stable, and leveled playing field.
Doug Horton|God, if he believed in Him, and his conscience, if he had one, were the only judges to whom he was answerable.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Dream big, but stay humble.
Matthew J. Kirby, Icefall|Sometimes, when we want something so badly, we fear failure more than we fear being without that thing.
Woodrow Wilson, The Papers of Woodrow Wilson, Vol. 36|Attitude is the source of beauty, self-confidence, success and happiness.
David duChemin, A Beautiful Anarchy, When the Life Creative Becomes the Life Created|We are always seeking it, never finding it.
Tessa Bailey, Too Hard to Forget|Curiosity is also my worst vice, and once stirred one not to be denied.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|As far as cosmetics are used for adornment in a conscious and creative way, they are not emblems of inauthenticity: it is when they are presented as the real thing, covering unsightly blemishes, disguising a repulsive thing so that it is acceptable to the world that their function is deeply suspect. The women who dare not go out without their false eyelashes are in serious psychic trouble.
Simone de Beauvoir|That's what I consider true generosity: You give your all, and yet you always feel as if it costs you nothing.
Maajid Nawaz|E! has just become a sad, sad place to live. They don't know what they're doing; they have no ideas... everything they do just is a failure.
Jason W. Blair|The Measure of success isn't money or the number of books you write, it is seen in the faces of those you love
Charles Bukowski|Hey, Hank, I notice all the women around your place lately ... good looking stuff; you're doing all right.""Sam," I say, "that's not true; I am one of God's most lonely men.
Jaroslav Pelikan, The Vindication of Tradition: The 1983 Jefferson Lecture in the Humanities|Tradition is the living faith of the dead, traditionalism is the dead faith of the living. And, I suppose I should add, it is traditionalism that gives tradition such a bad name.
George Washington Carver|How far you go in life depends on your being tender with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving, and tolerant of the weak and the strong. Because someday in life you will have been all of these.
Jennifer Rush, Reborn|The inside of the Trace Italian, of course, does not exist. A player can get close enough to see it: it shines in the new deserts of Kansas, gleaming in the sun or starkly rising from the winter cold. The rock walls that protect it meet in points around it, one giving way to another, for days on end. But the dungeons into which you'll fall as you work through the pathways to its gates number in the low hundreds, and if you actually get into the entry hall, there are a few hundred more sub-dungeons before you'll actually reach somewhere that's truly safe. Technically, it's possible to get to the last room in the final chamber of the Trace Italian, but no one will ever do it. No one will ever live that long.
Aberjhani, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|The image titled “The Homeless, Psalm 85:10,” featured on the cover of ELEMENTAL, can evoke multiple levels of response. They may include the spiritual in the form of a studied meditation upon the multidimensional qualities of the painting itself; or an extended contemplation of the scripture in the title, which in the King James Bible reads as follows: “Mercy and truth are met together; righteousness and peace have kissed each other.” The painting can also inspire a physical response in the form of tears as it calls to mind its more earth-bound aspects; namely, the very serious plight of those who truly are homeless in this world, whether born into such a condition, or forced into it by poverty or war.
Philip Kerr|I am utterly struck how, 300 years after his execution, Christianity became the official religion of the Roman Empire.
Ann Landers|There are times when the art world seems like a religious empire. There are great cathedral galleries and pilgrimage sites where treasured art pieces are displayed like holy relics, and this can certainly be a great pleasure on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Cindy McCormick Martinusen, The Salt Garden|Sometimes what you've been looking for, is what you are.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|… "That at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what´s happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That´s the world´s greatest lie." - The Alchemist, Paulo Cohelo -
Mehmet Murat ildan|Some enemies are part and parcel of our lives, we cannot destroy them without risking our own survival
Iman Refaat|No one had told me that the tax of playing big will be having to play big all the time. At first I chased my dream for me. Now I chase my dreams as a service for humanity. When I do so, people dare to chase their own dreams. They look up at me and get motivated to play big.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Kind words and tender affections will not save me from this lake of woe and misery, but they may be enough of a buoy to prevent my drowning.
Jeanette Winterson, Art and Lies|So I pulled the sun screen down and squinted and put the throttle to the floor. And kept on moving west. For West is where we all plan to go some day. It is where you go when the land gives out and the oldfield pines encroach. It is where you go when you get the letter saying: Flee, all is discovered. IT is where you go when you look down at the blade in your hand and see the blood on it. It is where you go when you are told that you are a bubble on the tide of empire. It is where you go when you hear that thar's gold in them-thar hills. It is where you go to grow up with the country. It is where you go to spend your old age. Or it is just where you go.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Huge biceps are an unattractive-uneducated-underpaid man's last attempt to be seen as worthy of dating, or, sleeping with.
Muriel Spark, Aiding and Abetting|The Mexican people, once they have happened on a good food, he thought, flay the thing to distraction. Ham and eggs every morning now for two weeks. Since arriving in Guanajuato, bearing his typewriter, it had been the same thing each morning at nine. He stared at his plate, gently grieved.("The Candy Skull")
Brian M. Boyce, Genesis Beginning|The act of creation, the impetus to undertake it, is always some kind of feeble attempt to understand one’s own creation, the nature of creation itself.
Jonathan Miles, Dear American Airlines|Had Stella been named anything else, and/or had we lived in any other city besides New Orleans, my desperate call would have been just my desperate call. In that alternate universe the neighbors might have peeked from behind the curtains but they wouldn't have laughed or, worse, joined in. But you simply cannot shout the name Stella while standing under a window in New Orleans and hope for anything like an authentic or even mildly earnest moment. Literature had beaten me to this moment, had staked its flag here first, and there was nothing I could do outside in that soupy, rain-drenched alleyway that could rise above sad parody. Perhaps if she'd been named Beatrice, or Katarzyna-maybe then my life would have turned out differently. Maybe then my voice would have roused her to the window, maybe then I could have told her that I was sorry, that I could be a better man, that I couldn't promise I knew everything it meant but I loved her. Instead I stared up at that black window, shutmouthed and impotent, blinking and reblinking my eyes to flush out the rainwater. "Stella," I whispered. The French have an expression: "Without literature life is hell." Yeah, well. Life with it bears its own set of flames.
Alanna Mitchell, Malignant Metaphor: Confronting Cancer Myths|The fact that early languages, no matter how many there are, utilize the same streams implies that the brain doesn't have a native language. The brain can only reflect the fact that a set of neural circuits was built and activated for a certain period of time. Nor does the brain care if those neural circuits map onto things that the rest of the world calls languages or dialects. It really cares only about what activates those circuits. Thus, the brain patters that typify language use across skill levels can be mapped.Brain imaging technology monitors the intensity of oxygen use around the brain - higher oxygen use represents higher energy use by cells burning glucose. The deeply engrained language circuits will create dim MRI images, because they are working efficiently, requiring less glucose overall. More recently acquired languages, as well as those used less frequently, would make neural circuits shine more brightly, because they require more brain cells, thus more glucose.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|You are not, though, forgiving so as to let others off with things. You are forgiving so that you can empower yourself to get over it and become strong.
Anna Kendrick|People say, 'What's the secret to a marriage?' There's no secret - I think you get lucky.
Pearl S. Buck, The Eternal Wonder|For he came to perceive that since people were his study, his teachers, the objects through which he could satisfy his persistent wonder about life itself, his own being among others, wherever he lived for the moment, there was his home.
Eleanor Park - Rainbow Rowell.|She never looked nice.She looked like art, and art wasn't supposed to look nice; it was supposed to make you feel something.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|The rising strong reckoning has two deceptively simple parts: (1) engaging with our feelings, and (2) getting curious about the story behind the feelings--what emotions we're experiencing and how they are connected to our thoughts and behaviors.
Michael Muhammad Knight, Journey to the End of Islam|I have written this book with the conviction that the response to injury does not have to be vengeance and that we need to distinguish between revenge and justice. A response other than revenge is possible and desirable. For that to happen, however, we need to turn the moment of injury into a moment of freedom, of choice. For Americans, that means turning 9/11 into an opportunity to reflect on America's place in the world. Grief for victims should not obscure the fact that there is no choice without a debate and no democracy without choice.
Paulo Coelho|Positive thinking will let you use the ability which you have, and that is awesome.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|The world is indeed a cold, hard stone.
Adam Roberts, Twenty Trillion Leagues Under The Sea|About anyone so great as Shakespeare, it is probable that we can never be right; and if we can never be right, it is better that we should from time to time change our way of being wrong.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|If you can find time for [other] activities, you can make time for your goals.
Wilfred Owen, Poems|Through the dense din, I say, we heard him shout"I see your lights!" But ours had long died out.
Kahlil Gibran, Jesus the Son of Man|I loved him not, yet I did not hate Him. I listened to Him not to hear His words but rather he sound of His voice; for His voice pleased me. All that He said was vague to my mind, but the music thereof was clear to my ear. Indeed were it not for what others have said to me of His teaching, I should not have known even so much as whether He was with Judea or against it.
Steve Berry|If there was no Black Sabbath, I could still possibly be a morning newspaper delivery boy. No fun.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Happily ever after, or even just together ever after, is not cheesy,” Wren said. “It’s the noblest, like, the most courageous thing two people can shoot for.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Most prayers are not really questions...and if we listen very closely, a prayer is often its own answer. ...We pray because we are here - not to change the world, but to change ourselves. Because it is when we change ourselves...that the world is changed.
Christian Louboutin|Eating together is the most intimate form of kinship. By scripting a work where we share the same kind of food with fish, I'm scripting our interrelationship with them.
Raymond Chandler|The most durable thing in writing is style, and style is the single most valuable investment a writer can make with his time.
Jamie Scallion, Making It|She told me I couldn't just put on a leather jacket and think I was rock'n'roll, I had to live it."Burt about Bex, Book 1 "Making it
William Gibson|Nothing is more dreadful than private duels in America. The two adversaries attack each other like wild beasts. Then it is that they might well covet those wonderful properties of the Indians of the prairies - their quick intelligence, their ingenious cunning, their scent of the enemy.
Volkmar Essers, Matisse|Anything that is not necessary to the painting damages it." Henri Matisse
Hilary Grossman, Dangled Carat|I have found little that is 'good' about human beings on the whole. In my experience most of them are trash, no matter whether they publicly subscribe to this or that ethical doctrine or to none at all.
Carine Roitfeld|I tweet in the morning and the evening. To write 12 hours a day, there is a moment when you're really tired. It's my relaxing time.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|238. I want you to know, if you ever read this, there was a time when I would rather have had you by my side than any one of these words; I would rather have had you by my side than all the blue in the world.239. But now you are talking as if love were a consolation. Simone Weil warned otherwise. “Love is not consolation,” she wrote. “It is light.”240. All right then, let me try to rephrase. When I was alive, I aimed to be a student not of longing but of light.
Debasish Mridha|Every morning, wake up with the warmth and the light of the rising sun in your heart.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you despise your people,you will disregard them.If you hate your people,you will harm them.If you esteem your people,you will serve them.If you love your people,you will even die for them.
Viggo Mortensen|Previous generations understood about death, and undoubtedly would have seen a reasonable amount of death. Once you get into the Victorian era, you might well have seen the funerals of many of your siblings before you were very old.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|We live vicariously through stories, because our own lives provide so few opportunities for high-stakes adventure and noble sacrifice.
Forrest Curran|Just as much as it is about booking flights, sharing hostel rooms with strangers, and learning to say hello in a variety of languages; travel is about the momentarily times of breakdowns, longing of all the great things back home, and the tears you hold back from each good-bye, which in the entirety, makes up the honest human experience of living.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|All this talk about morality, chastity, prudence and the like are very antiquated notions created by some very old belief systems that are notoriously negative towards women.
Donna Tartt|Richard Papen: As it happened, I knew Gartrell. He was a bad painter and a vicious gossip, with a vocabulary composed almost entirely of obscenities, gutteral verbs, and the world "postmodernist.
Julie Anne Peters, Luna|If a couple of gay guys want to throw the gayest, most fabulous wedding of all time, the only way it should offend you is if you weren’t invited.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Imagination is the Discovering Faculty, pre-eminently. It is that which penetrates into the unseen worlds around us, the worlds of Science.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Realizing the seriously ruthless, venomous habits and agendas of evil always instills a more fierce passion and longing for a closer God. Men, out of pride, may claim their own authorities over what constitutes good and evil; they may self-proclaim a keen knowledge of subjective morality through religion or science. But that is only if they are acknowledging the work of evil as a cartoon-like, petty little rain cloud in the sky that merely wants to dampen one's spirits. On the contrary, a man could be without a doubt lit with the strength, the peace, and the knowledge of the gods, his gods, but when or if the devils grow weary in unsuccessful attempts to torment him, they begin tormenting his loved ones, or, if not his loved ones, anyone who may attempt to grasp his philosophies. No matter how godly he may become, God is, in the end, his only hope and his only grace for the pressures built around him - it is left up to a higher authority and a more solid peace and a wider love to eclipse not just one's own evils but all evils for goodness to ultimately matter. If all men were gods, each being would dwell in a separate prison cell, hopeless, before finally imploding into nothingness.
Jonathan Kozol|I'm one of the most adaptable guys I know in as much as travelling is my favourite thing to do in life. With every place I go, I try to stay there long enough to do it justice, long enough so that I can at least imagine what it would be like to live there. Once I imagine that, then it's OK for me to return home.
Sunday Adelaja|Appa enjoys our current prosperity with considerable hesitation, as if it were undeserved. He’s given to quoting a proverb that says wealth shouldn’t strike suddenly like a visitation, but instead grow gradually like a tree.
Dan Millman, Sacred Journey of the Peaceful Warrior|Before you can see the Light, you have to deal with the darkness.
Mike Moreno|When you stand alone and sell yourself, you can't please everyone. But when you're different, you can last.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|One of the earliest and most vivid memories of Robin’s childhood was of the day that the family dog had been put down. She herself had been too young to understand what her father was saying; she took the continuing existence of Bruno, her oldest brother’s beloved Labrador, for granted. Confused by her parents’ solemnity, she had turned to Stephen for a clue as to how to react, and all security had crumbled, for she had seen, for the first time in her short life, happiness and comfort drain out of his small and merry face, and his lips whiten as his mouth fell open. She had heard oblivion howling in the silence that preceded his awful scream of anguish, and then she had cried, inconsolably, not for Bruno, but for the terrifying grief of her brother.
Tessa Dare, Any Duchess Will Do|It was only a matter of time. She would love him before the week was out and it would be gloriously terrible, wonderfully hopeless.
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|When she absently worried her bottom lip with one of her adorable little fangs, he s
Tommy Lee|I was standing right behind Marilyn, completely invisible, when she sang 'Happy birthday, Mr. President.' And indeed, the corny thing happened: Her dress split for my benefit, and there was Marilyn, and yes, indeed, she didn't wear any underwear.
Kristin Armstrong|I live in Brooklyn, and I love all the hipsters and all the artisanal bacon you can get here now. I consider New York my home, and L.A. a place that I go. I always say I go with an empty sack and try to fill it with as much money as possible to bring back to New York.
Allan Lokos, Patience: The Art of Peaceful Living|You cannot control the results, only your actions.
Emily Ley, Grace, Not Perfection: Embracing Simplicity, Celebrating Joy|London? Paris? Berlin? Zurich? Maybe Brussels, center of the young union? They all strive to outdo one another culturally, architecturally, politically, fiscally. But Rome, it should be said, has not bothered to join the race for status. Rome doesn't compete. Rome just watches all the fussing and striving, completely unfazed, exuding an air like: 'Hey- do whatever you want, but I'm still Rome. I am inspired by the regal self-assurance of this town, so grounded and rounded, so amused and monumental, knowing that she is held securely in the palm of history. I would like to be Rome when I am an old lady.
Eyden I., Kiss Friendzone Goodbye|Sorry girls, not every man is running after what you think...
A.N. Meade, Marked|Aimee turned and walked out, giving him a wink and a smile, careful not to part her lips. His reaction to her fangs, as amusing as it may be, would hurt her chances of blending in.” – Aimee (Marked Book #1) page 215
Nora Ephron|Citizens must pressure the American Hospital Association, the American Public Health Association, the Centers for Disease Control and other relevant governmental agencies to make greening our hospitals and medical centers a top priority so that they themselves don't create even more illness.
Tara Sivec, Futures and Frosting|My father had bought him a shirtthat said “Sure you can date my daughter.  In a completely unrelated topic,have you seen my shotgun?
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|Connections are difficult. There’s an irritation in being among people who’ve already found their connection, and finding that those left who haven’t are just as undesirable as the void they would be replacing. The numbing mind-ream of knowing you're alone not because people won't accept you but because you find so little worth accepting. An imposed solitude is better than simply tolerating your company in waiting for something better. So loneliness is not such a terrible thing when you consider that the alternative to thought provoking solace is to be surrounded only by reminders of why that solitude is preferable.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Among the values of meditation is that it carries consciousness down to a deeper level, thus letting man live from his centre, not his surface alone. The result is that the physical sense-reactions do not dominate his outlook wholly, as they do an animal's. Mind begins to rule them. This leads more and more to self-control, self-knowledge, and self-pacification.
Kate DiCamillo|But I don't want more things than I need, either.
Colum McCann, Dancer|A couple of hours after Sunset Michael Robartes returned and told me that I would have to learn the steps of an exceedingly antique dance, because before my initiation could be perfected I had to join three times in a magical dance, for rhythm was the wheel of Eternity, on which alone the transient and accidental could be broken, and the spirit set free.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|To sue to live, I find I seek to die; And, seeking death, find life.
Richie Norton|You don't feel like your best self when you fall apart, but you have to fall apart to become your best self.
Lindsey Kelk, A Girl's Best Friend|As soon as I laid eyes on him, it all came flooding back, all the reasons why I loved him, all the reasons why I hadn't been able to let him go.
Juliana Hatfield|My favorite spot is the Maldives. Since I travel so much for work, I like to go to places that are very secluded and quiet.
Euginia Herlihy|What is so frightening about [writing]? I still don't know. Perhaps it's the horrible knowledge that no matter how well you write, the resultant product will never correlate exactly to the truth, will never arrive with quite the melodious voice you hear in the acoustic cavity of your mind.
M.T. Dismuke|The only freedom you truly have is in your mind, so use it.
Libba Bray|Use your strength, but always remember that any strengthmay become a weakness.
A.E. Via|God saw Hansen tighten his chokehold on Day and he could see his lover fighting to breathe. Day’s ears and neck were bright red. His lips were turning a darker color as his body was deprived of oxygen. Hansen pressed the barrel in deeper and yelled.“Two minutes and fifteen seconds before I get to zero and I provide the great state of Georgia the luxury of one less narc.”God’s mind exploded at the thought of not having Day in a world he lived in. He looked into his partner’s glistening eyes and saw he was turning blue and possibly getting ready to faint. Day was still looking at him, looking into God’s green eyes.No, no, no! He’s saying good-bye.God closed his eyes and released a loud, gut-wrenching growl cutting off the SWAT leader’s negotiations.“Godfrey, get yourself under control,” his captain said while grabbing for him.God jerked himself away from the hold and stepped forward, his angry eyes boring into Hansen’s dark ones. Hansen stared at him as if God was crazy. Little did he know God was at that moment.“Godfrey, get back here and stand down. That’s an order, Detective!” his captain barked.God’s large hands clenched at his sides fighting not to pull out his weapons. He ground his teeth together so hard his jaw ached.“Do you have any idea of the shit storm you’re about to bring down on your life,” God spoke with a menacing snarl while his large frame shook with fury. “In your arms you hold the only thing in this world that means anything to me. The man that you are pointing a gun at is my only purpose for living. You are threating to kill the only person in this world that gives a fuck about me.”God took two more steps forward and was vaguely aware of the complete silence surrounding him. Hansen’s finger hovered shakily over the trigger as he took two large steps back with Day still tight against his chest.God growled again and he saw a shade of fear ghost over Hansen’s sweaty face.“If you kill that man, I swear on everything that is holy, I will track you to the ends of the earth, killing and destroying any and everything you hold dear. I will take everything from you and leave you alive to suffer through it. I will bestow upon you the same misery that you have given to me.”Hansen shook his head and inched closer to the door behind him.“Stay back,” he yelled again but this time the demand lacked the courage and venom he exhibited before.“You kill that man, and you’ll have no idea of the monster you will create. Have you ever met a man with no heart…no conscience…no soul…no purpose?” God rumbled, his voice at least twelve octaves lower than the already deep baritone.God yanked his Desert Eagle from his holster in a flash and cocked the hammer back chambering the first round. Hansen stumbled back again, his eyes gone wide with fear.God’s entire body instinctually flexed every muscle in his body and it felt like the large vein in his neck might rupture. His body burned like he had a sweltering fever and he knew his wrath had him a brilliant shade of red.“I’m asking you a goddamn question, Hansen! No soul! No conscience! I’m asking you have you ever met the devil!” God’s thunderous voice practically rattled the glass in the hanger.“If you kill the man I love, you better make your peace with God, because I’m gonna meet your soul in hell.” His voice boomed.
Jon Corzine|I have always been delighted when told there was a piece of fanfic inspired by a book of mine floating about. I don't read it for legal reasons, but I'm thrilled to know it's there. Someone cared. Someone loved it enough to spend their free time writing about it for free.
Paul Russell, The Salt Point|You want to put people in neat categories, make them monsters or angels, but it almost never works that way. You work in the gray and frankly that kinda sucks. The extremes are so much easier.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|Don't panic. Are you sitting? You probably don't need to sit. Well, possibly. At least lean on something.
Karl Marx|Our nation is built upon a history of immigration, dating back to our first pioneers, the Pilgrims. For more than three centuries, we have welcomed generations of immigrants to our melting pot of hyphenated America: British-Americans; Italian-Americans; Irish-Americans; Jewish-Americans; Mexican-Americans; Chinese-Americans; Indian-Americans.
Walter Rodney, How Europe Underdeveloped Africa|Excerpt from page 113[On Malaysia's Prime Minster's anti-capitalism and anti-globalization policies in September 1997] "Ah, excuse me, Mahathir, but what planet are you living on? You talk about participating in globalization as if it were a choice you had. Globalization isn't a choice. It's a reality. There is just one global market today, and the only way you can grown at the speed your people want to grow is by tapping into the global stock and bond markets, by seeking out multinationals to invest in your country and by selling into the global trading systems what your factories produce. And the most basic truth about globalization is: No one is in charge. You keep looking for someone to complain to, someone to take the heat off your markets, someone to blame. Well, guess what, Mahathir, there's no one on the other end of the phone!""The Electronic Heard cuts no one any slack... The herd is not infallible. It makes mistakes too. It overreacts and it overshoots. But if your fundamentals are basically sound, the herd will eventually recognize this and come back. They herd is never stupid for too long. In the end, it always responds to good governance and good economic management.
Nicki Elson, When It Hooks You|I have a theoryd that the first person you fall for creates a model for how you approach relationships going forward. Like, it frames how you'll look at every person who you date after that.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|He was having more fun than a barrelful of monkeys.**Several years earlier Spider had actually been tremendously disappointed by a barrelful of monkeys. It had done nothing he had considered particularly entertaining, apart from emit interesting noises, and eventually, once the noises had stopped and the monkeys were no longer doing anything at all—except possibly on an organic level—had needed to be disposed of in the dead of night.
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|When all is done, you must look in your own heart to know the truth. It lies at some middle depth, half-truths above, half-truths below. Even my truth, what I tell you know, is colored to fit my vision. Find your own truths as best you can, only remember that few are courageous enough to tell a tale of which they are not the hero.
Gary Paulsen, The Winter Room|If books could have more, give more, be more, show more, they would still need readers who bring to them sound and smell and light and all the rest that can’t be in books.	The book needs you.
Wendi Deng Murdoch|Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
Troy Polamalu|I am the sort of athlete who participates in a lot of winter sports - basketball, for example, is an activity that I'll spend many hours a week watching.
Dennis Sharpe|To one degree or another we all fight against preconceptions nearly every day. The wisest people I know don't compare their fight to that of others. Everything is relative through the lens of personal struggle.Heroes come in all shapes and sizes... mine are often those who are fighting their fight in public. Unashamed. Proud. An example.Heroes aren't perfect. They have faults and flaws. They stumble from time to time. They are heroes, though, because they correct themselves... and set an example, intended or not, for the world observing them... even, and especially, to those who would love nothing more than to see them fail.Stay Strong!
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|And as she held me, I suddenly realized that my lifelong search for love and acceptance had finally ended in the arms of a foster parent.
Lujan Matus, Whisperings of the Dragon; Shamanic techniques to awaken your Primal Power|When a not-doing comes upon you, and there is no reflection of yourself to be found, many things can and will be related back to you as knowledge, yet you have no way of knowing how you assimilated that wisdom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When some give you advice, say 'thank you'. Then, you must seek the quietness of your spirit for a reflection and direction.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|All desire, Tracy had had occasion since to think, is to some degree monstrous.
Randolph Bourne, The Radical Will: Selected Writings 1911-1918|The words marriage and divorce were always used together, like they went hand in hand together.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|There are only two things really that even the best of best human beings crave -redemption and revenge. Lucky for me, both meant the same things.
Richard Dawkins|Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is the belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|People meet in the course of life, they talk together, they discuss, they quarrel, without realizing that they're talking to one another across a distance, each from an observation post standing in a different place in time.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|I don't have the type of ambition that will make me do anything at any cost to get what I want. I don't want to be beholden to people. I don't want to open a shop with your money because I don't want to be indebted to you.""I'm your husband; it's our money.""Morally, legally, maybe yes, but in here," she put a hand to her head "and here," she lay the flat of her hand over her heart, "it's your money. You earned it or were given it way before you met me.
Nanor|He that is down needs fear no fall, he that is low no pride, he that is humble ever shall have God to be his guide.
J.D. Robb, Seduction in Death|Say what you said before again. The Irish thing. I want to say it back to you."He smiled. Took her hand. "You'll never pronounce it.""Yes, I will."Still smiling, he said it slowly, waited for her to fumble through. But her eyes stayed steady and serious as she brought his hand to her heart, laid hers on his, and repeated the words.She saw emotion move over his face. His heart leaped hard against her hand. "You undo me, Eve."He sat up, dropped his brow against hers. "Thank God for you," he murmured in a voice gone raw. "Thank God for you.
John Ortberg|As long as we have unsolved problems, unfulfilled desires, and a mustard seed of faith, we have all we need for a vibrant prayer life.
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|It is highly significant and indeed almost a rule, that moral courage has its source in such identification through one's own sensitivity with suffering of one's fellow human beings." (p. 16-17)
Roger J. Davies, The Japanese Mind: Understanding Contemporary Japanese Culture|Deleuze and Guattari describe capitalism as a kind of dark potentiality which haunted all previous social systems. Capital, they argue, is the ‘unnamable Thing’, the abomination, which primitive and feudal societies ‘warded off in advance’. When it actually arrives, capitalism brings with it a massive desacralization of culture. It is a system which is no longer governed by any transcendent Law; on the contrary, it dismantles all such codes, only to re-install them on an ad hoc basis.
William Gibson, Pattern Recognition|Marketing leaders instead must ask, “What values and goals guide our brand strategy, what capabilities drive marketing excellence, and what structures and ways of working will support them?” Structure must follow strategy—not the other way around.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|I guess the message in the songs is that is shouldn't matter if someone moves differently, or looks differently, or talks differently. Is biotic differently. What matters is that we're all thinking beings, and if we are thinking beings we ought to be able to find common ground somewhere.
Terry Spear, Forbidden Love|Are you scared? he murmured, mouth only a hairbreadth away from hers.A small laugh escaped her. "Not as scared as I should be.
Jeffrey Fry|I can't say i would be the winner, but i can say i will try to be the winner in any challenges.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|Every creative person, and I think probably every other person, faces resistance when they are trying to create something good...The harder the resistance, the more important the task must be.
Peter   Marshall, Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism|The continued appeal of anarchism can probably be attributed to its enduring affinity with both the rational and emotional impulses lying deep within us. It is an attitude, a way of life as well as a social philosophy. It presents a telling analysis of existing institutions and practices, and at the same time offers the prospect of a radically transformed society.
Curtis Stone|If anyone thinks that Jews can steal into the land of their fathers, he is deceiving either himself or others. Nowhere is the coming of Jews so promptly noted as in the historic home of the Jews, for the very reason that it is the historic home.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Only Light can drive away the shadows, Darkness can never be diminished by more darkness.
Keziah Ruth D. Lingco|If you really want people to like you, just stop lying.
Elif Shafak, The Forty Rules of Love|Father, I am from a different egg than your other children. Think of me as a duckling raised by hens. I am not a domestic bird destined to spend his life in a chicken coop. The water that scares you rejuvenates me. For unlike you I can swim, and swim I shall. The ocean is my homeland. If you are with me, come to the ocean. If not, stop interfering with me and go back to the chicken coop.
Jamie Farrell, Smittened|I'm a big man, sugar. When I come down on a woman, I want soft, not a bundle of sticks that I might break." - Logan
Lady Gaga|For me, the camera is a sketch book, an instrument of intuition and spontaneity.
Stephen Richards|Habitual procrastinators will readily testify to all the lost opportunities, missed deadlines, failed relationships and even monetary losses incurred just because of one nasty habit of putting things off until it is often too late.
Debasish Mridha|Common sense comes not just from knowledge, but also from wisdom.
Amit Ray, Peace Bliss Beauty and Truth: Living with Positivity|When the sunlight hit the trees, all the beauty and wonder come together. Soul unfolds its petals. Flowering and fruiting of plants starts. The birds song light up the spinal column and harmonize the hippocampal functioning.
Jacob M. Appel, The Biology of Luck|Marriage is like a series of opposing reflections, inverse images getting ever smaller like nesting dolls, each one of your trying to squeeze yourself smaller to fit inside the hopes of the other, until one of you cracks or stops existing.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I also believe that parents, if they love you, will hold you up safely, above their swirling waters, and sometimes that means you'll never know what they endured, and you may treat them unkindly, in a way you otherwise wouldn't.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|I remember the revelation it was to me when I realized I'd rather be smart in the way Elvis Presley was than in the way, say, Ludwig Wittgenstein was. The thing was, you could imagine you could be smart like Wittgenstein by just thinking hard enough, but Elvis just had it. It was almost spiritual. A kind of grace.
Vivek Pereira, Indians in Pakistan|And so we continued to live in fear, hoping that we would not get caught. Fear had become our constant companion at this dreadful Lashkar-e-Taiba camp.
Garey Gordon|THE LIGHT THAT NOW REFLECTS FROM WITHIN YOU RADIATES PURITY AND HOLINESS, WHICH CAUSES US TO BECOME A LIGHT TO THE WORLD.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I worried so much about how I looked and whether I was doing things right, I felt half the time I was impersonating a girl instead of really being one.
Annaliese Morgan, Breaking chains|From one end to the other I have identified with various forms of spirituality. I was a Jew, then a God-hater. I was an atheist, then a Christian, for which I was called a traitor.
Michelle Alexander, The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness|The only furniture in the dank space was a flimsy cot. Water dripped steadily in one corner. A hole in the floor appeared to serve as a latrine. What most caught Kendra's eye were the messages scratched on the wall. She roamed the cell, reading the crudely inscribed phrases."Seth rules!Welcome to Seth's House.Seth rocks!Seth was here. Now it's your turn.Seth Sorenson forever.Enjoy the food!If you're reading this, you can read.All roads lead to Seth.Is it still dripping?Seth haunts these halls.You're in a Turkish prison!Seth is the man!Use the meal mats as toilet paper." And so forth.Cold, hopeless, and alone, Kendra found herself giggling at the messages her brother had scrawled. He must have been so bored!
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|money has no essence. It's not "really" anything; therefore, its nature has always been and presumably always will be a matter of political conten­tion.
Theodore Roosevelt|No man needs sympathy because he has to work, because he has a burden to carry. Far and away the best prize that life offers is the chance to work hard at work worth doing.
Susan Minot, Thirty Girls|Jealousy always trumps schadenfreude! It’s a rule from the heartbreak version of ‘rock, paper, scissors.
Dianne Duvall, In Still Darkness|I was dying, I realized vaguely. There was no getting out of that. The vampire author would be drained dry by a vampire. It was almost a poetic way to go.
Francesca Lia Block|So they drove again, Vivien sitting up and looking now, but as navigator only, letting the desert scratch its own thorny poetry on the enormous moon.
Sukey Forbes, The Angel in My Pocket: A Story of Love, Loss, and Life After Death|What was I going to do? The choices seemed basic and slim: Die. Exist. Live. I wanted to die, but with two young children to care for and a husband, that wasn't an option. Exist. I could do that. I was doing that now. but how flat and lifeless. How dreary and endless the long march would be until I met Charlotte again. The only option that resonated with me was to live. But how? I wanted to want to live. That was the best I could do in that moment.
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|You are well aware of your effect on women, and I'm sure it gratifies you no end to watch them sigh and salivate over your magnificent physique. I do not wish to spoil your fun, Dain, but I do ask you to consider my pride and refrain from embarrassing me in public."Women...sighing and salivating...over his magnificent physique. Maybe the brutal bedding had destroyed a part of her brain.
Cassandra Clare, The Bane Chronicles|Certain actions bring harm, other more wizened actions bring harmony.
Gabriel Garcia Marquez|Fracking is doable if there's full disclosure of all chemicals used. Secondly, science dictates the policy rather than politics. Third, there's collaboration between environmental groups and the natural gas industry.
Amy Tan|I've had my share of struggle. I believe, never take success to your head or failure to your heart.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Just because you are available for a relationship, doesn't mean you are ready for one.
Cecelia Ahern|I don’t want to beone of those easily forgotten people, so important at the time, so special, soinfluential, and so treasured, yet years later just a vague face and a distantmemory.
Barack Obama|The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Dart|This is the secret that none dares tell who fights for a cause. Dying, we are all alike.
Alain de Botton|No man can be everything. A successful long-distance cyclist can't be a bodybuilder. Though there are exceptions, dedicating one's time to becoming exceptional at one thing usually means not being exceptional at a whole lot of other things.Since no man can be everything, one of the best gifts to give is acceptance-'You don't have to be anything other than what you are.
Howard Schwartz|Then it is not uncommon for a man to become lost in a single letter, or hear a voice rise up from the silent page.
Angela B. Chrysler, Dolor and Shadow|With mouths agape, they stared in awe at the floor of fire and wall of flame. Atop a horse of golden flames that whipped and licked the leather reins, untouched by the fire that twisted and burned, sat Heimdallr, guardian of the Bilrost.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|Everything comes out of smoke and mist and nothingness, a mystical happening…
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|In spiritually arid centuries, the only man to realize that the century is dying from thirst is the man who still harnesses an underground spring.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Circle of Betrayal|It was a fictional story, but like any good fiction, without the need to adjust or conceal the truth, it actually might bethe greatest expression of truth.
Laura     Miller, For All You Have Left|every loss, every mistake, was seared into her soul, creating a different kind of tattoo, one made from rage and abandonment, heart break and tears
Elizabeth Camden, Until the Dawn|Preparing and serving food had always been a joy, for it made her appreciate the abundance of the world.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|The clothes or accessories you do or don't wear are a statement, a reflection of yourself; that is why you should always try to wear 'who you are' not anyone else.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|I learned that dying is just a part of our journey of life. We are all on this journey and dying is a part of it for each of us. That does not mean that hope is hone. Hope just changes to a very realistic, practical hope... Sometimes hope becomes more beautiful than ever in our lives because it is about hope for the present moment and hope that is natural, such as, 'I hope the sun shines today'.
Toni Sorenson|My reason for believing in Christ is not that I feel my need of Him, but that I have a need of him… When I come to Jesus, I know I cannot come unless I am awakened, but nevertheless, I do not come as an awakened sinner. I do not stand at the foot of his cross to be washed because I have repented. I bring nothing when I come but sin. A sense of need is a good feeling, but when I stand at the foot of the cross, I do not believe in Christ because I have good feelings, but I believe in him whether I have good feelings or not. The basis on which a sinner comes to Christ is that he is black, not that he knows he is black; that he is dead, not that he knows he is dead; that he is lost, not that he knows he is lost… Generally, the people who repent the most think they are impenitent. People feel their need most when they think they do not feel at all, for we are no judges of our feelings. Hence the gospel invitation is not put upon the ground of anything of which we can be a judge. It is put on the basis of our being sinners, and nothing but sinners.
Lauren Conrad|Never settle. One of the best pieces of advice I’ve ever received was to never settle in relationships, friendships, your career, or your dreams. Never accept less than what you think you deserve, and aim for bigger and better (because you will probably get it!). You never want to look back and think, ‘I could have done more.’ You can do more…right now. Stop saying ‘someday.’ Start saying ‘today.
Sherry Morris, Hundred Dollar Bill|Deep down, I have come to the conclusion that the reason (children) are such a low priority to the great human institutions that seek to control this world, both secular and Christian, is that an invisible battle, a spiritual war, rages over each and every child. It is above us and beyond us and engages the full fury of the hosts of both heaven and hell. Children may be ignored by government, church, and mission – but not by Satan or God Almighty.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|Doona fash, Sam.” Calybrid, spying her scowl, hurried to balm the wound. “Ye’re plenty fair.”	“Aye,” Locryn agreed.	“With eyes the color of the Alt Dubh Gorm.”	“Sure, that too.”	“Just… no one will write odes to yer breasts is all.”	“On account of ye not having any,” Locryn supplied, rather unnecessarily, in Samantha’s opinion.
Edgar Wright|And we should keep our minds open, or at least ajar, to concepts on the fringe of science fiction. Flaky American futurologists aren't always wrong. They remind us that a superintelligent machine is the last instrument that humans may ever design - the machine will itself take over in making further steps.
Elizabeth Marshall Thomas, The Hidden Life of Deer: Lessons from the Natural World|I saw that animals were important. I saw that plants were even more important. I was also to learn that compared to many of the other species, we weren't important at all except for the damage we do. We do not rule the natural world, despite our conspicuous position in it. On the contrary, it is our lifeline, and we do well to try to understand its rules.
Theodore Roosevelt|To fulfill your vision, you must have hindsight, insight and foresight.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|We need to get home and put some ointments and ice on the stings. Vinegar will make it worse, so if you thought Giraffe Boy could pee on you, you’re shit out of luck.”She agrees as if prepared for this—the punishment, the medication, the swelling, the pain that hurts her now and the pain that will hurt her later. She seems okay with my disapproval. She’s gotten her story, after all, and she’s beginning to see how much easier physical pain is to tolerate than emotional pain. I’m unhappy that she’s learning this at such a young age.“The hospital will have ointments and ice,” she says.
Debasish Mridha|To see the unseen, you must see through the beauty of love.
Vladimir Lorchenkov, The Good Life Elsewhere|I'd like to look below my eyes and see not language staring back at me, not sentences or single words or awkward pen lines, but a surface clear and burnished as glass.
Debasish Mridha|If you conform, you can never reform.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|When everything else crumbles to dust, all we have left are the memories. I thought of Ophelia, wandering the theater, mind half gone...Never shall I cut from memory my sweet love's beauty.
June Diane Raphael|I do love Christmas, although my wife puts me to shame. She is a huge Christmas fan, so we do love us some Christmas in our house.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|If you have assimilated even one idea and made it your life, you have more education than any person who has got by heart the entire Library of Congress.
Majid Kazmi|When it comes to learning success, action is your school, and failure your teacher.
Morris Panych, 7 Stories|You have to understand, having a good time is not my idea of having a good time.
Richmond Akhigbe|Two other highly vocal FMSF Advisory Board members are Dr Elizabeth Loftus and Professor Richard Ofshe. Loftus is a respected academic psychologist whose much quoted laboratory experiment of successfully implanting a fictitious childhood memory of being lost in a shopping mall is frequently used to defend the false memory syndrome argument. In the experiment, older family members persuaded younger ones of the (supposedly) never real event. However, Loftus herself says that being lost, which almost everyone has experienced, is in no way similar to being abused. Jennifer Freyd comments on the shopping mall experiment in Betrayal Trauma (1996): “If this demonstration proves to hold up under replication it suggests both that therapists can induce false memories and, even more directly, that older family members play a powerful role in defining reality for dependent younger family members." (p. 104). Elizabeth Loftus herself was sexually abused as a child by a male babysitter and admits to blacking the perpetrator out of her memory, although she never forgot the incident. In her autobiography, Witness for the Defence, she talks of experiencing flashbacks of this abusive incident on occasion in court in 1985 (Loftus &Ketcham, 1991, p.149)In her teens, having been told by an uncle that she had found her mother's drowned body, she then started to visualize the scene. Her brother later told her that she had not found the body. Dr Loftus's successful academic career has run parallel to her even more high profile career as an expert witness in court, for the defence of those accused of rape, murder, and child abuse. She is described in her own book as the expert who puts memory on trial, sometimes with frightening implications.She used her theories on the unreliability of memory to cast doubt, in 1975, on the testimony of the only eyewitness left alive who could identify Ted Bundy, the all American boy who was one of America's worst serial rapists and killers (Loftus & Ketcham, 1991, pp. 61-91). Not withstanding Dr Loftus's arguments, the judge kept Bundy in prison. Bundy was eventually tried, convicted and executed.
Herbie Hancock|As a master of graphic creation, as teacher, historian, and roving ambassador of comics, Jerry Robinson has ensured that future generations of talented kids will continue to imagine and then put marks on paper.
Anthony Edwards|If I had the medical clearance to fight, I would want to fight the best. The best would be Mayweather.
Sean Bean|You have to get up and plant the seed and see if it grows, but you can't just wait around, you have to water it and take care of it.
A.J. Shazad|Stop worrying about life, no one survived it.
Jonathan Bailey|We rally about one side not doing what the other side should be, whereas the other side feels the same way.. When both have not figured out that one has to be different than the other for the other to be attracted.Apply this in every way along your day.. Either way your right
Thomas Jefferson|For a painter, the Mecca of the world, for study, for inspiration and for living is here on this star called Paris. Just look at it, no wonder so many artists have come here and called it home. Brother, if you can't paint in Paris, you'd better give up and marry the boss's daughter.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|Art is unquestionably one of the purest and highest elements in human happiness. It trains the mind through the eye, and the eye through the mind. As the sun colors flowers, so does art color life.
Charles Kennedy|It is my determination that we, as a party, continue to make that fundamental restatement of liberal values in the politics of our country.
Salman Rushdie|Yes, and words are not deeds, Solanka allowed, moving off fretfully. Though words can become deeds. If said in the right place and at the right time, they can move mountains and change the world. Also, uh-huh, not knowing what you're doing - separating deeds from the words that define them - was apparently becoming an acceptable excuse. To say "I didn't mean it" was to erase meaning from your misdeeds, at least in the opinion of the Beloved ALis of the world. Could that be so? Obviously, no. No, it simply could not. Many people would say that even a genuine act of repentance could not atone for a crime, much less this unexplained blankness - an infinitely lesser excuse, a mere assertion of ignorance that wouldn't even register on any scale of regret.
Max Brooks, The Zombie Survival Guide|Often, a school is your best bet-perhaps not for education but certainly for protection from an undead attack.
Kenneth Patchen, Collected Poems|If You Want to Learn Anything About Being Human , Make a Friendship With New Born Child .
Laura Kreitzer, Fallen Legion|The room flashed brighter still and then gasps filled the room. They were all gathered around Roxy and she was unsure why. She didn’t feel any different, Hadn’t the spell worked ? Roxy opened her mouth to speak and then she heard it…… a purr.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|Inventors do not invent for financial gain, they invent simply because they love to invent
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Promises are like silly jokes, told around a table when the food is good and no one has anything to lose by telling a lie or two - lies should have been a synonym for the word 'promise' in dictionaries, but only a few people knew it.
Jaelle Siang'a|So... Dell had been a good boy with bad friends. I knew this – I used to be one of them. I’d always known Dell would disappear one day; he was too decent, too golden. This place never tainted that, and I don’t know why. He made me feel dirty. Dark and corrupt. It hadn’t always that way, and I don’t know when it changed... but I felt it now. I only knew I couldn’t hold onto him tight enough to stop those long legs carrying him away somewhere better. A day’ll come when everybody’s had you and nobody wants you anymore... As Dell drove Erin away in their rent-a-car from the Holiday Inn into the early evening traffic, I felt the walls closing in, the world swelling around me, and I knew that day had finally come. Tomorrow, I leave Paradise. It’s true. Shanise was right.I turned away as the car disappeared up the slushy street. That was the last time I saw them alive.
Pete Kahle, The Specimen|As she walked to the stairway, he pulled her back with a light tug on her shoulder. "They're responding to you now."	Turning to face him, she said, "Responding to me? What did I say?"	"The hallway was full of them. When you said we were going downstairs to eat, they started filing down the stairs."	"They all took the stairs?"	Eddie nodded, his shining, gifted eyes watching the ghostly procession.	He said, "They don't want to be far from you, Jess. And I'm not entire sure it's well intentioned."	"Come to use," the voices whispered.
Steven Weinberg|In addition to these physical problems, sexually transmitted diseases are rampant among the homosexual population. 75% of homosexual men carry one or more sexually transmitted diseases, wholly apart from AIDS. These include all sorts of non-viral infections like gonorrhea, syphilis, bacterial infections, and parasites. Also common among homosexuals are viral infections like herpes and hepatitis B (which afflicts 65% of homosexual men), both of which are incurable, as well as hepatitis A and anal warts, which afflict 40% of homosexual men. And I haven’t even included AIDS. Perhaps the most shocking and frightening statistic is that, leaving aside those who die from AIDS, the life expectancy for a homosexual male is about 45 years of age. That compares to a life expectancy of around 70 for men in general. If you include those who die of AIDS, which now infects 30% of homosexual men, the life expectancy drops to 39 years of age.So I think a very good case can be made out on the basis of generally accepted moral principles that homosexual behavior is wrong. It is horribly self-destructive and injurious to another person. Thus, wholly apart from the Bible’s prohibition, there are sound, sensible reasons to regard homosexual activity as wrong.
Enrique Pena Nieto|Back in 2005, the Anthony Nolan Trust could have asked me just to speak out about the lack of ethnic minority donors on the bone marrow register, but that would have meant nothing if I wasn't prepared to join up myself.
Peter Morales|We need to think about faith, religion, and spirituality in a new way. When I grew up I was taught that religion was about what we believed. What made my denomination different (and correct, of course) was our sound doctrine. We were right. This made religion too much about being right, about us and them. Too much attention then goes into defending our beliefs.I am now convinced that “belief,” in the way we usually use the word, is actually the enemy of faith, religion, and spirituality. Let me say that again: belief is the enemy of faith. When we dwell on beliefs we ask all the wrong questions. My faith is much more about what I love than about what I think.When the conversation shifts away from our beliefs to what we hold most dear, to what moves us at the depths of our being and what calls us, wondrous new possibilities emerge. We share and explore our deepest experiences. We discover what we have in common. Our attention naturally turns to how we want to live our lives and to the commitments we are willing to make. Our concern at the personal level becomes one of developing our awareness, of spiritual disciplines, of growth. At the interpersonal level, our attention turns to loving relationships. Finally, our attention turns to issues of compassion, justice, and interdependence. Faith becomes a relationship. Faith is about being faithful to what we hold sacred.
Gavin de Becker|You have more brain cells than there are grains of sand on your favorite beach, and you have cleverness, dexterity, and creativity—all of which powerfully combine when you are at risk—if you listen to your intuition
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|The Samurai lived by a code of honor, not unlike the code that you live by. It’s called the Bushido. It was never written down; was always something the Samurai knew, and it was handed down from one warrior to another. One of the tenets of the code is about justice. Not the pounding of a gavel on the bench of some judge who’s been appointed to pass judgment on people by some politician. No, malaka, this concept of justice is what you feel in your bones: to die when it is right and to strike when it is right.
Wilfred Owen|There was never a good war, or a bad peace.
Shayla Orick|His gaze was like that of the moon, and had a dark side which he never showed to anybody.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|I'm saying that I'm a moody, insecure, narrow-minded, jealous, borderline homicidal bitch, and I want you to promise me that you're okay with that, because it's who I am, and you're what I need.
Vladimir Putin|I have a very positive attitude to anyone who is protecting the environment, but it's inadmissible when people are using it as a means of promoting themselves, using it as a source of self-enrichment. I don't want to name any specific examples... but often, environmentalism is used to blackmail companies.
Thomas Howard, Evangelical is Not Enough: Worship of God in Liturgy and Sacrament|People are crazy and times are strangeI'm locked in tight, I'm out of rangeI used to care, but things have changed
Bruce Bickford|How Horrid" has a slightly facetious tone that strikes me as Wildean. It appears to embrace the actual horror--puberty, public disgrace--then at the last second nimbly sidesteps it, laughing.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|She was ... unhappy. It was part of her, you could not separate her from it. She was sad the way a horse is strong or a bird flies.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Both love and God are misunderstood, as they are one and the same.
Roman Payne, Hope and Despair|It’s not that we have to quit this life one day, it’s how many things we have to quit all at once: holding hands, hotel rooms, music, the physics of falling leaves, vanilla and jasmine, poppies, smiling, anthills, the color of the sky, coffee and cashmere, literature, sparks and subway trains... If only one could leave this life slowly!
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|Seeing myself or my church or my denomination as "the blessing" — like so many mission trips to help "those less fortunate than ourselves" — can easily descend into a blend of  benevolence and paternalism. We can start to see the "poor" as supporting characters in a big story about how noble, selfless, and helpful we are.
Nikita Dudani|Eat, as nobody is watching. Enjoy food like that’s the only thing left in your world.
Vivienne Westwood|In the morning, I practice 15 minutes of yoga.
Anthony Liccione|Pride costs nothing, yet it is especially precious when it can be “purchased” at someone else’s expense.
Sarah Kay|And I know I can do this because I went to London on my own, and because I solved the mystery…and I was brave and I wrote a book and that means I can do anything.
Kyle MacLachlan|I am not driven by any bitterness by what happened in Athens. I learnt a lot of lessons from it and probably came through it a stronger person in the end. There have been a lot of near misses, and that's taught me to keep persevering and that there is a chance it can come right.
Judy Holliday|I'm so glad cities have personalities, just like people have personalities. That's something that makes me smile.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|Well, it seems to me that there are books that tell stories, and then there are books that tell truths... The first kind, they show you life like you want it to be. With villains getting what they deserve and the hero seeing what a fool he's been and marrying the heroine and happy endings and all that... But the second kind, they show you life more like it is... The first kind makes you cheerful and contented, but the second kind shakes you up.
H.G. Wells|The forceps of our minds are clumsy forceps, and crush the truth a little in taking hold of it.
Brittany Burgunder|Hold yourself back, or heal yourself back together. You decide.
Anthony Liccione|What white middle America loathes these days are poor and poorish people, especially the kind who look and sound like they just might live in a house trailer. They will swear on a stack of Lands' End catalogs that they are not bigots, but, human nature being what it is, we are all kicking someone else's dog around, whether we admit it or not.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|You will find your purpose revealed in every single action, once you realize that — you — are your purpose.
Kristin Cavallari|I don't know if it's a failure of imagination on my part, but I'm not going to be writing about Paris in the 1800s. I feel like it would come off as just ludicrously uninformed, even if I did a lot of research.
Harry Seidler|The Romans were not inventors of the supporting arch, but its extended use in vaults and intersecting barrel shapes and domes is theirs.
John Green|It's easy to like someone from a distance. But when she stopped being this amazing unattainable thing or whatever, and started being, like, just a regular girl with a weird relationship with food and frequent crankiness wh's kind of bossy--then I had to basically start liking a whole different person.
Frank Gifford|The great Comrades Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il, putting forward the development of sports as a matter that has an important bearing on the prosperity of the country and nation, indicated the road ahead of the Juche-based sports and wrote a new chapter in the history of building a sports power by dint of outstanding ideas and leadership.
Andrew Vachss, Safe House|Cats are cats . . . the world over!These intelligent, peace-loving, four-footed friends- who are without prejudice, without hate, without greed- may someday teach us something.-James Mackintosh Qwilleran
Robert Olen Butler, Hell|The possibility of paradise hovers on the cusp of coming into being, so much so that it takes powerful forces to keep such a paradise at bay. If paradise now arises in hell, it's because in the suspension of the usual order and the failure of most systems, we are free to live and act another way.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|It's all right," said Wolf. "You loved her. I would feel the same if someone wanted to erase Scarlet's identity and give it to Levana's army.Scarlet stiffened, heat rushing into her cheeks. He certainly wasn't insinuating . . ."Aaaaw," squealed Iko. "Did Wolf just say that he loves Scarlet? That's so cute!"Scarlet cringed. "He did not--that wasn't--" She balled her fists against her sides. "Can we get back to these soldiers that are being rounded up, please?""Is she blushing? She sounds like she's blushing.""She's blushing," Thorne confirmed, shuffling the cards. "Actually, Wolf is also looking a little flustered--
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|The rest is just wishes and hope, the most fragile of things.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|It is only once you see the baffled expression on the face of your enemy when you give his cruel words a warm smile that you’ll understand, truly understand, what love is all about.
Charles Duhigg|Now that I have a thousand albums in my car all the time, I listen to more music. I was too lazy; I always had the same five discs in there. I'd never think to change it.
James Lovegrove, The Age of Zeus|You? Nervous? Man, you've got more balls than any girl I've ever known!' 'You've known some weird girls, then," I say, raising an eyebrow at him.
Todd Coburn, Reflection of the Son|Only in full surrender to the Spirit and to the Writings of God can a man or woman hope to find wisdom, knowledge, or an understanding of Spiritual things.
Laura Chinchilla|I think getting married was a mistake along the way, but at the same time I wouldn't have the wonderful children I have if I didn't get married.
Felice Stevens, Rescued|There comes a point where you become tired of the loneliness and need a human touch, a caress to make you realize you still exist as a person.
James Lusarde, The Apartment of Sex|Ah, lust. It makes us forget anything we want to. The greatest relaxant, the greatest stimulant.
Deyth Banger|My original intent was to write a horror story about someone who loses his mind and slowly begins to unravel. The story, as I envisioned it, would evoke horror within the context of psychological decay, entropy.
Anna Bell, Don't Tell the Groom|I know that you always take around because you talk so much, but I like to always know what's happening in your world.
Belinda Bauer, Rubbernecker|Death was an inverse Big Bang; an impossible magic trick where everything had become nothing in the very same instant, where one state had been replaced so completely by another that no evidence of the first could be detected, and where the catalyst had been vaporized by the sheer shock of the new.
David G. McAfee|Never lose hope because although miracles are rare, they are possible.
Glenn Beck|The part of the brain most affected by early stress is the prefrontal cortex, which is critical in self-regulatory activities of all kinds, both emotional and cognitive. As a result, children who grow up in stressful environments generally find it harder to concentrate, harder to sit still, harder to rebound from disappointments, and harder to follow directions. And that has a direct effect on their performance in school.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|Today. the celebration is for the "victorious", not the meritorious. The depiction to the youth, is that one can be victorious without merit, and that merit is less notable than victory. The result, is the masses are selectively and passively affirming that winning trumps hard work, that theft trumps the pride of ownership, and that personal success trumps collective progress.
Howard Zinn, A Power Governments Cannot Suppress|The black conservatives claim that the decline of values such as patience, deferred gratification, and self-reliance have resulted in the high crime rates, the increasing number of unwed mothers, and the relatively uncompetitive academic performances of black youth. And certainly these sad realities must be candidly confronted. But nowhere in their writings do the new black conservatives examine the pervasiveness of sexual and military images used by the mass media and deployed by the advertising industry in order to entice and titillate consumers. Black conservatives thus overlook the degree to which market forces of advanced capitalist processes thrive on sexual and military images.
Frank Luntz, Win: The Key Principles to Take Your Business from Ordinary to Extraordinary|Lehi’s message, given some six centuries before the coming of the Messiah, seems very applicable to our day and time: “O that ye would awake; awake from a deep sleep, yea, even from the sleep of hell, and shake off the awful chains by which ye are bound. . . . Awake! and arise from the dust, and hear the words of a trembling parent. . . . Arise from the dust, my sons, and be men, and be determined in one mind and in one heart, united in all things, that ye may not come down into captivity. . . . Awake, my sons; put on the armor of righteousness” (2 Nephi 1:13, 14, 21, 23; emphasis...
LouAnne Johnson|There are two kinds of books in the world--the boring kind they make you read in school and the interesting kind that they won't let you read in school because then they would have to talk about real stuff like sex and divorce and is there a God and if there isn't then what happens when you die, and how come the history books have so many lies in them.
Roshan Sharma|Attention on the breathe, is the best tool, to take of your attention from negative thoughts or negative imagination of mind.
Avery Flynn, Trouble on Tap|Relax.” She soothed the rigid line of his jaw with her other hand. “I wouldn’t want you to ruin that beautiful smile by breaking some teeth.” “Then let go of my dick.” Sighing with obvious disappointment, Rose did as he asked. “Do you remember what you said to me the night you, you know,” now was not the time to blush, “went down on me?” “Sweetheart, right now I’m having trouble remembering my name.
Robert Browning|I'm very pleased to be here. Let's face it, at my age I'm very pleased to be anywhere.
Helen Keller|Death is no more than passing from one room into another. But there's a difference for me, you know. Because in that other room I shall be able to see.
Kendal Waller|On a cloudy night, when nothing seems above, still, there is love. Always love. For something, from someone. It's never done. Never.
Ashton Kutcher|I prefer to win titles with the team ahead of individual awards or scoring more goals than anyone else. I'm more worried about being a good person than being the best football player in the world. When all this is over, what are you left with? When I retire, I hope I am remembered for being a decent guy.
Bono|Honesty, vulnerability and a good amount of courageous faith allows you to cry out in your bewilderment and not lose your belief in the process. These things allow you to wrestle your faith rather than lose it.
Kristan Higgins, All I Ever Wanted|I don't get it, guys, I continued. I'd want to date me. Why is it so hard for me? I'm wicked fun, I dress nicely, I'm friendly... I'd love to date me. Wouldn't you?
Jasper Johns|My experience with life is that it's very fragmented. In one place certain kinds of thing occur, and in another place a different kind of thing occurs. I would like my work to have some vivid indication of those differences. I guess, in painting, it would amount to different kinds of space being represented in it.
Hans Rosling|My mother explained the magic with this washing machine the very, very first day. She said, 'Now Hans, we have loaded the laundry. The machine will make the work. And now we can go to the library.' Because this is the magic: you load the laundry, and what do you get out of the machine? You get books out of the machines, children's books.
Reid Hoffman|For God's sake, Gwen," he said gently. "What matter that I love you. That's not the bit that's always been missing."Her lips parted. They wished to ask a question she could not bear to bring herself to ask. He was never less than honest. The answer, than, was bound to be wrong."So she did not ask it as a question. "You won't leave me," she said.He drew a long breath. "There," he said, quietly, fiercely. "That is the answer to this riddle. The promises I can make, and the one I can't. Gwen." His hands closed on her wrists, tightening until she swallowed and found her courage and looked up at him. "I will never leave you willingly. Life is a risk, and so love is, as well. But I swear to God, you will not regret the gamble.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|...when you go down a dark alley and you feel that tingling across the back of your neck, that's not just a bad feeling, that's a biological gift from God - the Gift of Fear...when you ignore that gift - when you go down the dark alley and say, Y'know, I'm sure it'll be okay - that's when you find real pain.
Michael Eric Dyson|Remembering is painful, it's difficult, but it can be inspiring and it can give wisdom.
Thach Preichea Koeun VOA News|The world of tricky-tacky boxes, defined social behaviour, untrammeled egotism, sexism and material acquisitiveness, all powered by insecurity that passes for security, is rarely cajoled, least of all questioned. Much of the magic of of life space contrast has passed out of North American life.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Healing is to be in the light of our own consciousness. Healing is an inner light, which exist as a natural radiance around a person. This inner light is in itself a healing force beyond words. This inner light disperses darkness, like when you lit a candle in a dark room and the darkness disappears by itself. This inner light exudes a subtle influence through its mere presence. The more the light in our own consciousness is lit, the more it creates a subtle effect in the world.
William Faulkner|On the earth, satellite of a star speeding through space, living things had arisen under the influence of conditions which were part of the planet's history; and as there had been a beginning of life upon it, so, under the influence of other conditions, there would be an end: man, no more significant than other forms of life, had come not as the climax of creation but as a physical reaction to the environment.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The world doesn't need a good woman who is meekly obedient to the uncivilized social norms that advocate female inferiority. The world needs those bad women who can think for themselves, to break the primeval norms of the society that consistently drag the human civilization back to the stone-age.
Channing Tatum|Americans' addiction to sports, with the NFL at the top, is based on the excitement generated by the potential for the unexpected great play which can only happen with honest competition from great athletes.
Caroline Wozniacki|I'm learning to trust other people to do things. My time is limited, and I'd rather be spending it with my kids.
Euginia Herlihy|we have forgotten how to press our fingers to the tilting planet's jugular and measure her pulse. we have forgotten symbiosis, that she is our mother.we have forgotten that when we rape our world we rape ourselves.
Emma Donoghue|It was the word 'late' that did it. Such a stupid word to use of the dead, implying that they would be with us today if they hadn't happened to be delayed in traffic somewhere...
Sereda Aleta Dailey, The Art of Manifesting Abundance|To stop being resistant to your success coming together, just say Yes.
Susan Hill|To me, the most important thing is to wear something that I love and feel comfortable in, and Christmas is a great opportunity to get one of my old favourites out.
Howard Thurman|Fear is one of the persistent hounds of hell that dog the footsteps of the poor, the dispossessed, the disinherited. There is nothing new or recent about fear—it is doubtless as old as the life of man on the planet. Fears are of many kinds—fear of objects, fear of people, fear of the future, fear of nature, fear of the unknown, fear of old age, fear of disease, and fear of life itself. Then there is fear which has to do with aspects of experience and detailed states of mind.Our homes, institutions, prisons, churches, are crowded with people who are hounded by day and harrowed by night because of some fear that lurks ready to spring into action as soon as one is alone, or as soon as the lights go out, or as soon as one’s social defenses are temporarily removed.The ever-present fear that besets the vast poor, the economically and socially insecure, is a fear of still a different breed. It is a climate closing in; it is like the fog in San Francisco or in London. It is nowhere in particular yet everywhere. It is a mood which one carries around with himself, distilled from the acrid conflict with which his days are surrounded. It has its roots deep in the heart of the relations between the weak and the strong, between the controllers of environment and those who are controlled by it.When the basis of such fear is analyzed, it is clear that it arises out of the sense of isolation and helplessness in the face of the varied dimensions of violence to which the underprivileged are exposed. Violence, precipitate and stark, is the sire of the fear of such people. It is spawned by the perpetual threat of violence everywhere. Of course, physical violence is the most obvious cause. But here, it is important to point out, a particular kind of physical violence or its counterpart is evidenced; it is violence that is devoid of the element of contest. It is what is feared by the rabbit that cannot ultimately escape the hounds.
Cheryl Strayed, Tiny Beautiful Things: Advice on Love and Life from Dear Sugar|... In your twenties you're becoming who you're going to be and so you might as well not be an asshole. Also, because it's harder to be magnanimous when you're in your twenties, I think, and so that's why I'd like to remind you of it. You're generally less humble in that decade than you'll ever be and this lack of humility is oddly mixed with insecurity and uncertainty and fear. You will learn a lot about yourself if you stretch in the direction of goodness, of bigness, of kindness, of forgiveness, of emotional bravery.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In the textbook of revelation, the Bible, God has spoken verbally; and this spoken word has survived every scratch of the human pen.
Clara Bingham, Witness to the Revolution: Radicals, Resisters, Vets, Hippies, and the Year America Lost Its Mind and Found Its Soul|Knowing what I know today about how deeply the word feminist threatens the existing social compact, to say radical feminist now seems to me almost redundant. (Robin Morgan)
Curious George Brigade|There is no master cabal organizing the three-hundred plus Food Not Bombs or mad genius organizing the dozens of Indymedia's across the globe. We can all be the Johnny and Jane Appleseeds of anarchist counter-structure. We do this by harvesting good ideas and strategies from across the globe and replacing them on the local level. And while our passions and ideas should be brash, we should also be inspired by our day-to-day victories. People need to feel encouraged to start small, realizing the infrastructure begets infrastructure.
Ingeborg Bachmann, Simultan: Erzählungen|Elisabeth had not had her future and her parents had not had theirs, there was nothing to this so-called future which was always promised to the young.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Holding myself to perfectionistic standards, I used to think I had to become lifelong friends with everyone who entered my life. This was exhausting, and I now know it’s not true. I believe the old saying that people come into your life for a reason, a season, or a lifetime.” (127)
Agnes Repplier|A villain must be a thing of power, handled with delicacy and grace. He must be wicked enough to excite our aversion, strong enough to arouse our fear, human enough to awaken some transient gleam of sympathy. We must triumph in his downfall, yet not barbarously nor with contempt, and the close of his career must be in harmony with all its previous development.
Sarah Vowell, Take the Cannoli|My new life was unstable and unsure, but each new day was shot through with new possibility.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|One of the terrible fallacies of contemporary psychotherapy is that if people would just say how they felt, a lot of problems could be solved. 
Meredith Duran, Bound by Your Touch|He smiled. "How kind of you to confirm what I already know. Perhaps next you will introduce me to myself. I hear I am quite popular.
Avan Jogia|I did make some not-so-great relationship decisions when I was a lot younger. I do know that not all high school boys are great and wonderful and Prince Charming, and there are a few that are going to treat you that way.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Cowards shrink from challenges, weaklings flee from them, and warriors wink at them.
William Gomes|In Labor movements generally, success through violence can hardly be expected except in circumstances where success without violence is attainable.
Ana Tejano, Keep the Faith|He made me feel less lonely tonight by letting me into his world, and I found that I really liked being there. I wasn't ready to go back to my own.
Debasish Mridha|Education is a chemical reaction between knowledge and the mind; the byproducts are new thoughts, new ideas, new perceptions, and new feelings.
Laura Kreitzer, Key of Pearl|What are you doing?” Egnatious asked, eyebrows furrowed as he watched Gabriella do a flip.Firen mimicked Gabriella and turned to Egnatious. “Fun times. Go with it.” She didn’t even crack a smile, though her body language said she was laughing on the inside.Instead of following their act, Egnatious simply dove for an outcrop just as it began moving away. He nearly lost his balance, but Firen caught his flailing arms.“Are you having a seizure or something?” she jested, displaying a rare vein of humor.Egnatious sent her a queasy glare.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Witnessing the panoply of beauty in all of nature takes us out of our shell of self-absorption and makes us realize that we are merely bit players in the game of life. Witnessing the majesty of beauty confirms that the real show lies outside us to observe and appreciate and not inside us to transfix us. True beauty charms us into seeing the grandeur of goodness that surrounds us and by doing so, the pristine splendor of nature releases us from wallowing in the poverty of our self-idealization. The bewitching spell cast by the exquisiteness of nature levitates our souls and transforms our psyche. When we see, hear, taste, smell, or touch what is beautiful, we cannot suppress the urge to replicate its baffling texture by singing, dancing, painting, or writing. Opening our eye to the loveliness of a single flower is how we stay in touch with the glorious pageantry of living.
François Mauriac|Never put off for tomorrow, what you can do today.
Caz Greenham, The Adventures of Eric Seagull 'Story-Teller': Book 2 A Fairy's Wish|Wondered to see, these luscious Flowers'' ''Blossoming everywhere, like drops of Shower'' ''WISH! My ecstasy would has that Power'' ''Days come true! those for me, are so Far'' ~Samar Sudha
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Suffering is universal. It's the one thing Buddhists, Christians, and Muslims are all worried about
Miles Davis|Do not fear mistakes, there are none.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|...God is already out there in the world ahead of us. In our teaching, therefore, we must do more than merely help people learn how to be good church members. We are directors preparing people for roles in a drama that encompasses every part of their lives.
Clarissa Pinkola Estes|I am conscious of my inability to grasp, in all its details and positive developments, any very large portion of human knowledge.
Peter Heller, Celine|There might not be a measure of happiness left in a life, but there could be beauty and grace and endless love.
Cindy Aime|Even great, best selling writers produce works that fall flat from expectations. This writing thing isn't easy and everything you produce won't be a best seller, but you must write anyway. You have to write because you love it, because it fuels you, because you can feel the stories living inside you, nudging you, prodding you, itching to get out and the only thing worse than writing it and failing is not writing it. As the late Maya Angelou once said, "There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you."Even if your work doesn't resonate with others, it is still worth writing. And that in itself, is what's important.
Gift Gugu Mona|Apart from such visits, for the first time in her life Eliza was truly alone. In the beginning, unfamiliar sounds, nocturnal sounds, disturbed her, but as the days passed she came to know them: soft-pawed animals under the eaves, the ticking of the warming range, floorboards shivering in the cooling nights. And their were unexpected benefits to her solitary life: alone in the cottage, Eliza discovered that the characters from her fairy tales became bolder. She found fairies playing in the spiders' webs, insects whispering incantations on the windowsills, fire sprites spitting and hissing in the range. Sometimes in the afternoons, Eliza would sit on the rocking chair listening to them. And late at night, when they were all asleep, she would spin their stories into her own tales.
Shay Caroline, Gemini/Scorpio/Capricorn|Lies are like anchovies in a Caesar salad. You may not be able to see them, but your soul knows they are there.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|Down on my knees again. Worship isn’t enough.”Peter leaned forward and rubbed his forehead against Charlie’s. “I’m going to like this,” he murmured. “Daily services. Hourly services.
Megan Crane, Everything I Needed to Know about Being a Girl I Learned from Judy Blume|As I look back over the other best friendships I've had that also ended, I wonder if, in addition to simply having a finite amount of time for such intimacy, we also have certain periods in our lives in which we seek out people who seem to embody the things we lack. Then, when we gain those things for ourselves, we no longer need that friend in the same way, which causes a serious dissonance in the relationship. Perhaps this is why these particular friendships burn so bright and then disappear so completely.
A .P., Sabine|Ender began to eat, slowly and carefully, pretending not to notice he was the center of attention.
Reshan Pillai|It is human, to want to feel connected with others, to strive for a sense of belonging.Yet the ultimate hack is is to belong with yourself.Once you belong within,You belong with all.
Debbie Ford|The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible.
Paul Karl Feyerabend, Killing Time: The Autobiography of Paul Feyerabend|Somewhere among the commotion I grew rather depressed. The depression stayed with me for over a year; it was like an animal, a well-defined, spatially localizable thing. I would wake up, open my eyes, listen-is it here or isn’t it? No sign of it. Perhaps it’s asleep. Perhaps it will leave me alone today. Carefully, very carefully, I get out of bed. All is quiet. I go to the kitchen, start breakfast. Not a sound. TV-Good Morning America, David what’s-his-name, a guy I can’t stand. I eat and watch the guests. Slowly the food fills my stomach and gives me strength. Now a quick excursion to the bathroom, and out for my morning walk-and here she is, my faithful depression: “Did you think you could leave without me?" I had often warned my students not to identify with their work. I told them, “if you want to achieve something, if you want to write a book, paint a picture, be sure that the center of your existence if somewhere else and that it’s solidly grounded; only then will you be able to keep your cool and laugh at the attacks that are bound to come." I myself had followed this advice in the past, but now I was alone, sick with some unknown affliction; my private life was in a mess, and I was without a defense. I often wished I had never written that fucking book.
Lisa Mantchev, Perchance to Dream|There, did you think to kill me? There's no flesh or blood within this cloak to kill. There's only an idea.Ideas are bulletproof. Farewell.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Possession|It wasn't till Sebastian began to stalk toward her that she recalled her situation. She was wet and half naked, alone in a room with a strong brutish male of unknown intentions
Laurel Hawkes|Too often, people are trying to fill the God-size hole in their heart with a person instead of God. A person is too small and too imperfect and will never be able to do it. Once God fills it, then there's plenty of room for the right person.
Jordan Ghere|Can't look at the damage that's been done, it's not healthy. Have to look ahead of it. Can't change what I've done, only what I'm gonna do.
Niccolo Machiavelli|Some men see things as they are, and ask why. I dream of things that never were, and ask why not.
Anasazi Foundation, The Seven Paths: Changing One's Way of Walking in the World|Would it surprise you to hear that man's unhappiness is due in large measure to the way he is seeking after happiness? You know this already from your own life. For when you have been unhappy, you have been unhappy with others—with your father or mother, your sister or brother, your spouse, your son, your daughter. If unhappiness is with others, wouldn't it stand to reason that happiness must be with others as well?
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Another vampire pushed her way through the crowd to stand at hisside—a pretty blue-haired Asian girl in a silver foil skirt. Clary wondered if there were any ugly vampires, or maybe any fat ones. Maybe they didn't make vampires out of ugly people. Or maybe ugly people just didn't want to live forever.
Ryan Diest|Amidst all the hype and hoopla around this business, I wanted to emphasize the challenge—it is seductive but the failure rate is very high. And those who fail have no good place to go.
Michael Smith, The Present|The value-added Board brings the high-performance result, “deep common sense,” balance, improved strategic thinking, creativity, wisdom and more.
Joanna  Campbell, Tying Down the Lion|For a second, I see into the future: she's old and grey, she has senile dementia and can't remember my name. The thought pretty much breaks my heart in two.
Sergey Brin|So, my happiness doesn't come from money or fame. My happiness comes from seeing life without struggle.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Life is hard. People can't be trusted. Vigilance is key. Be wise about whom you love, and when you do love, do it with every fiber of your being...'til death do you part.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Gray.The overcast skies had the colour of deadened stones, and seemed closer than usually, as though they were phlegmatically observing my every movement with their apathetic emptily blue-less eyes; each tiny drop of hazy rain drifting around resembled transparent molten steel, the pavement looked like it was about to burst into disconsolate tears, even the air itself was gray, so ultimate and ubiquitous that colour was everywhere around me.Gray...
Compton Gage|Those who have assets must withdraw them from the markets of loans. Do not accept notes of loan on speculation. The time will soon come when you will gain no profits from the market of loans, and your wealth will be taken by the very few.
Stephen Mumford, Metaphysics: A Very Short Introduction|A metaphysical understanding of what the world is, how it works, and how it all fits together, in general and abstract terms, could be the most real and important thing there is. In that case, we don't do metaphysics so that we can stay healthy and wealthy: we want to stay healthy and wealthy so that we can do metaphysics.
Peter Ueberroth|Basketball is like war in that offensive weapons are developed first, and it always takes a while for the defense to catch up. 
Maximus Freeman|True happiness isn't a disruption-free life, its learning to recognize the ever-present contentment amidst the disruptions of life. Go with the flow(non-resistance), and when you struggle, remember to be compassionate with yourself...
C.S. Lewis|If you look for truth, you may find comfort in the end; if you look for comfort you will not get either comfort or truth only soft soap and wishful thinking to begin, and in the end, despair.
Geraldine McCaughrean|Unhappy people do the oddest, most terrible things, just trying to keep despair at bay. All you have to do is accept them...go around them...take evasive action.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Leaders must be good listeners. It’s rule number one, and it’s the most powerful thing they can do to build trusted relationships.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|There is only one sure means in life," Deasey said, "of ensuring that you are not ground into paste by disappointment, futility, and disillusion. And that is always to ensure, to the utmost of your ability, that you are doing it solely for the money.
Jan Siegel|I think people should take mythology much more seriously, because it tells us an awful lot about the history of the human race. We tend to dismiss it as 'fairy tales,' when it isn't. Fairy tales in themselves are about fundamentals of human nature. And they keep being reinvented in different ways. Fantasy acknowledges that, whereas a lot of modern literature is trying to distance itself from 'story,' never mind anything else. Which is why a lot of books are read by the critics, then people buy them, put them on their shelves, and don't really read them much, because they're not very interesting!
Paul  Lockhart, A Mathematician's Lament: How School Cheats Us Out of Our Most Fascinating and Imaginative Art Form|Reason is the hero who breaks the chains of our prejudice, saving us from the prison of our comfortable acquiescence in the way of the world.
Katherine Hannigan, Ida B. . . and Her Plans to Maximize Fun, Avoid Disaster, and (Possibly) Save the World|I have my own story, and I love my story, but I know I can't tell it alone, not now. Because stories have centers, but they don't have edges. No boundaries.
Paul Lauterbur|Deaf people are struggling to find their favorite show or something that represents them. It's hard. There are some examples of shows that have a deaf storyline in one episode, like Cold Case, or another show where they are focusing on the cochlear implant or the medical aspect.
James S.A. Corey|The burned corpses of the doppelgängers of Hitler and Braun, numerous false leads, meticulously orchestrated evidence, misdirection, and other diversions now being set in place will confuse the Americans and Russians, Zeller knew, and, in the end, put them at each other’s throats.
Kerrelyn Sparks, Be Still My Vampire Heart|Louis-Cesare and Ray were in trouble.I could tell because I could see them, not clearly, but in fits and starts, little glimmers like a couple of ghosts, if ghosts made "oh shit" faces on the one hand agitated French gestures on the other. And that sort of shit wasn't going to go unnoticed for long.Aaaaand it didn't.
Nina LaCour|I imagine what would happen if everyone turned their regrets into wishes, went around shouting them.
Groucho Marx, The Essential Groucho: Writings For By And About Groucho Marx|Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Jordan Spieth|In Japan, usually, once you become prime minister, you do not have a second chance.
Lawrence M. Krauss|It's hard to imagine a more extraordinary claim than that some hidden intelligence created a universe of more than a hundred billion galaxies, each containing more than a hundred billion stars, and then waited more than 13.7 billion years until a planet in a remote corner of a single galaxy evolved an atmosphere sufficiently oxygenated to support life, only to then reveal his existence to an assortment of violent tribal groups before disappearing again.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Tír gan teanga, tír gan anam. A country without a language is a country without a soul.
Michael LeBoeuf|Waste your money and you're only out of money, but waste your time and you've lost a part of your life.
Pete Townshend|Any story dealing, however seriously, with homosexual love is taken to be a story about homosexuality while stories dealing with heterosexual love are seen as stories about the individual people they portray. This is as much a problem today for American filmmakers who cannot conceive of the presence of gay characters in a film unless the specific subject of the film is homosexuality. Lesbians and gay men are thereby classified as purely sexual creatures, people defined solely by their sexual urges.
Raheel Farooq|I used to think that people are were supposed to be more strange, and dirty, and full of all sorts of emotions, pity and nobility, with infinite layers of complications.
Bill Hader|I was raised by a single dad. Dad's idea of hanging out with your kid or day care was give her $20 in quarters, drop her at the arcade, and tell her not to talk to strangers.
Frederick D. Wilhelmsen, Man's Knowledge of Reality: An Introduction to Thomistic Epistemology|Education is not to be viewed as something like filling a vessel with water but, rather, assisting a flower to grow in its own way
J.R.R. Tolkien|On Hayao MiyazakiI told Miyazaki I love the "gratuitous motion" in his films; instead of every movement being dictated by the story, sometimes people will just sit for a moment, or they will sigh, or look in a running stream, or do something extra, not to advance the story but only to give the sense of time and place and who they are."We have a word for that in Japanese," he said, "It's called ma. Emptiness. It's there intentionally."Is that like the "pillow words" that separate phrases in Japanese poetry? "I don't think it's like the "pillow word." He clapped his hands three or four times. "The time in between my clapping is ma. If you just have non-stop action with no breathing space at all, it's just busyness, but if you take a moment, then the tension building in the film can grow into a wider dimension. If you just have constant tension at 80 degrees all the time you just get numb.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A good oration is good and a good understanding is better, but a good action in the right direction that gets the best results is the best!
Libba Bray|The monkey didn't help matters any. He was sitting on top of the microbus, just watching the undead plunge to their end. His face appeared so serene, so intelligent, as if he truly understood the situation. I almost wanted him to turn to me and say, 'This is the turning point of the war! We've finally stopped them! We're finally safe!' But instead his little penis popped out and he peed in my face.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|All good things originate with the Creator God, he'd been taught, and the Song of Life was no exception.
Gail Tsukiyama, The Samurai's Garden|One day I finally decided, that there is no point sharing my feelings, You don't enjoy...
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|I know you despise me; allow me to say, it is because you do not understand me.
Philip Caputo, A Rumor Of War|Before you leave here, Sir, you’re going to learn that one of the most brutal things in the world is your average nineteen-year-old American boy.
Stephen Colbert|I like talking about people who don't have any power and it seems like some of the least powerful people in the United States are the migrant workers who come and do our work and don't have any rights as a result. And yet we still invite them to come here, and at the same time ask them to leave.
Sean Beaudoin Wise Young Fool|Live in a place where people are revered for being clever, funny, and creative, instead of rich annoying, and on television. Where they inspire. Where they aspire. Where they dream of the perfect sentence, or the perfect drawing, or the perfect chord. Where singing a line that sums up your generation with a run of simple, cutting words is more valuable than a million Likes or Follows or dumbass Retweets.
Jennifer Schuessler|In person, Mr. Desmond mixes low-key friendliness and on-message discipline.
Ezra Taft Benson|I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|If it's knowledge and wisdom you want, then seek out the company of those who do real work for an honest purpose.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to achieve stable success, you must be focused on God and not on success itself.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|We face the most compelling era of mankind: exponential growth of new technologies, cheaper electronic devices and the globalization of knowledge, commerce, and ideas along with the rapid growth of emerging markets of colossal sizes will generate the best opportunities, connections, higher risks and challenges for everyone.
Robert Whitaker, Anatomy of an Epidemic: Magic Bullets, Psychiatric Drugs, and the Astonishing Rise of Mental Illness in America|He was seemingly born not only with a gift for language, but with a particularly nasty clock which makes him go crazy every three years or so.
Albert Camus|The problem with happiness is that it’s a difficult thing to detect. It’s discreet and serene by definition. Just when you think you’ve found it, it’s likely just a spark of euphoria, as quick and fleeting as fireworks. Human beings are therefore doomed to feeling happy without knowing it or experiencing brief and unstable glimmers of euphoria. There aren’t many people who have the tantric ability to fully experience happiness, detached from the bliss of euphoria.
Elizabeth Carlton, Chivalry's Code|Was it worth it? My death, I mean. Did I die for something worthwhile?
Fiona Apple|Gods, religions and national boundaries are absolutely imaginary. They don't tend to exist. As soon as you pull back half a mile and look down at the Earth there are no national boundaries. There aren't even national boundaries when you get down and walk around. They're just imaginary lines we draw on maps. I just get fascinated by people who assume that things that are imaginary have no relevance to their lives.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|We should extinguish not candles, but torches, my good neighbour; we should fell not shrubs but trees: we should kill one giant instead of ten dwarfs!.. When there is an ostentatious cock crowing all over the place, what is the use of killing one insignificant chick? In a war you have to kill the king first; thus you can put an end to the battle more quickly!
Durgesh Satpathy|Some wounds; never reflects on the skin, but kills us slowly from inside.
Daniel McHugh, The Mirror and the Maelstrom|A man without equals is a dangerous man indeed. He must exercise the most difficult of attributes, restraint.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|She had understood before she had ever dreamed of a city such as this, where every texture, every color, leapt out at you, where every fragrance was a drug, and the air itself was something alive and breathing.
Beth Nimmo, Rachel's Tears: The Spiritual Journey of Columbine Martyr Rachel Scott|Eternity is not just looking to the future and our place with God in Heaven, but it is looking at our Eternity as if it were only moments away.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Every man, it seems, interprets the world in the light of his habits and desires
Kay Lenz|My birthday is Feb. 11, and I'm both excited and not excited by it. You'll never be 15 again, and you really, really need to savor every day like it's your last.
Deyth Banger, All As None|Never depend on a road, depend on your strides
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I also believe that parents, if they love you, will hold you up safely, above their swirling waters, and sometimes that means you'll never know what they endured, and you may treat them unkindly, in a way you otherwise wouldn't.But there's a story behind everything. How a picture got on a wall. How a scar got on your face. Sometimes the stories are simple, and sometimes they are hard and heartbreaking. But behind all your stories is always your mother's story, because hers is where yours begins.
Dan Baumann, A Beautiful Way: An Invitation to a Jesus-Centered Life|Ultimately we have nothing to fear. Jesus loves us, and he invites us to be confident in that love. As we seek to obey Him, we are not called to assess the risk involved and determine whether or not obedience will be beneficial or safe for us. We are simply called to trust and obey.
Zhuangzi|If a man crosses a riverand an empty boat collides with his own skiff,Even though he be bad tempered manHe will not become very angry. But if he sees a man in the boat,He will shout at him to steer clear.If the shout is not heard, he will shout again, and yet again, and begin cursing.And all because someone is in the boat.Yet if the boat were empty,He would not be shouting, and not angry.If you can empty your own boatCrossing the river of the world,No one will oppose you, No one will seek to harm you
Herman Melville, Bartleby the Scrivener|...you influenced me, in a way in which no one else did.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Let today be the day you finally stop having a conflict between your actions and your goals. When you align your greatest intent with purposeful action, you create a universal symphony serenading your success!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|I have a few friends who are confined to wheelchairs for access and mobility. I don't want to always be looking down at them while they are looking up at me. To enjoy a meaningful conversation, I’m quick to kneel beside them or pull up a chair to talk at the same height. Begin to recognize the orientation of other people and align yourself with their body position and physical needs so that you may connect on a more balanced and effective level.
Steven Curtis Chapman, Between Heaven and the Real World: My Story|I'm here, Satan," he said. "I can't see you, and maybe you can move faster than I can, but I'm still here, and by the grace of God and the power of the Holy Spirit I intend to be a thorn in your side until one of us has had enough!
Theresa May|Marriage brings up all the things I pushed to the back burner - the fears, the mistrust, the doubts, the insecurities. It's like opening Pandora's box.
Vincent Nichols|If you followed the media you'd think that everybody in Africa was starving to death, and that's not the case; so it's important to engage with the other Africa.
Samantha Chase, Jordan's Return|I can't do this with you again and then watch you go," she admitted, her breathing ragged. Her skin tingled all over where their bodies touched and it felt as if it were over a thousand degrees in the house.
Albert Schweitzer|Being Happy on Purpose is about making a conscious decision in each moment to move towards happiness. It is not about a perfect life. It is not about having things. It is about creating YOUR experience and being open to the beauty, joy, and abundance that already exists in your life and calibrating yourself to recognize it with ease
Nikki Rowe|I'm enjoying getting to know me, one lesson at a time.
Constantinos P. Cavafis|He said he'd hurt himself against a wall or had fallen down.But there was probably some other reason for the wounded, the bandaged shoulder.With a rather abrupt gesture, reaching for a shelf to bring down some photographs he wanted to look at, the bandage came came undone and a little blood ran.I did it up again, taking my time over the binding; he wasn't in pain and I liked looking at the blood. It was a thing of my love, that blood.When he left, I found, in front of his chair, a bloody rag, part of the dressing, a rag to be thrown straight into the garbage; and I put it to my lips and kept it there a long while- the blood of love against my lips.
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|Recently I keep thinking that this isn’t about the survival of a species. It’s about why we’re never satisfied with what we need, why we always take a bit more.
Maggie Osborne, The Promise of Jenny Jones|Listen. Just because we got a mutual hankering, doesn't mean we have to act on it. Aside from the hankering, there isn't much about you that I like. So far, you've been a pain in the behind. And I might as well tell you, I've followed through on one hankering and getting shot was more of an enjoyable experience. I didn't like it.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|In this temporal existence, perfection is an illusion, regardless of those who believe in its concept. Perfection is devoid of any value. Perfection, after all, implies you've reached the zenith. There is no possibility or potentiality. There is no room for imagination. There is no ability to visualize a concept. Perfection is limited by its own nature, which in short, is zero.
Fredrik Backman, A Man Called Ove|To love someone is like moving into a house," Sonja used to say. "At first you fall in love in everything new, you wonder every morning that this is one's own, as if they are afraid that someone will suddenly come tumbling through the door and say that there has been a serious mistake and that it simply was not meant to would live so fine. But as the years go by, the facade worn, the wood cracks here and there, and you start to love this house not so much for all the ways it is perfect in that for all the ways it is not. You become familiar with all its nooks and crannies. How to avoid that the key gets stuck in the lock if it is cold outside. Which floorboards have some give when you step on them, and exactly how to open the doors for them not to creak. That's it, all the little secrets that make it your home. " - Fredrik Backman , A Man Called Ove
Sarah Waters, Affinity|Does anyone ever cry and you know you've been hurt.You know you should feel an achy feeling in your heart, but you feel nothing. You just cry, and can't stop?
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|To achieve accurate knowledge of others, if such a thing were possible, we could only ever arrive at it through the slow and unsure recognition of our own initial optical inaccuracies. However, such knowledge is not possible: for, while our vision of others is being adjusted, they, who are not made of mere brute matter, are also changing; we think we have managed to see them more clearly, but they shift; and when we believe we have them fully in focus, it is merely our older images of them that we have clarified, but which are themselves already out of date.
Karen Hesse, Out of the Dust|Happiness lies in being content with what you have right now, than mongering over what you don't have. Respect Life, Celebrate Now!
Raegan Butcher, Rusty String Quartet|bad breath and butt smell; that is prison, in a nutshell.
Josh Dun|Getting to share the stories in my head with other people and have them enjoy those stories, and having them come to see my characters as real. That's so cool.
A.E. Samaan, H.H. Laughlin: American Scientist, American Progressive, Nazi Collaborator|There is a gaping hole in the history of the Holocaust. Between Adolf Hitler and Joseph Mengele there was a hierarchy of scientists whom were responsible for writing the infamous racial legislation of the Third Reich. These scientists, doctors, and legislators enjoyed prestigious positions in the various institutions within Hitler's Germany. To be more precise, many of the ghastly experiments credited to Mengele were ordered by this group of high-ranking scientists and doctors. Mengele was following their orders, yet many of these German doctors and scientists were set free after being captured by the Allies.  Previously unpublished manuscripts, correspondence, and conveniently forgotten publications reveal professional and political relationships as well as shared scientific convictions between high-profile American Progressives, British Fabian Socialists, and their German counterparts. The mounting evidence points to the long-standing designs and machinations of "scientific racism", a still poorly understood aspect of history.  This book documents the hundred year trajectory of the history of "scientific racism" from its initial intentions to create "a race of masters" to the Holocaust, which resulted from Hitler's conviction to create a "master race". These scientific prejudices and political dogmas are as relevant today as they were leading up to WWII. A thorough understanding of the origins of this movement is in order.
Joyce Carol Oates|And this is the forbidden truth, the unspeakable taboo - that evil is not always repellent but frequently attractive; that it has the power to make of us not simply victims, as nature and accident do, but active accomplices.
James Lusarde, Naked on the Moon|Yes, and because we grow old we become more and more the stuff our forbears put into us. I can feel his savagery strengthen in me. We think we are so individual and so misunderstood when we are young; but the nature our strain of blood carries is inside there, waiting, like our skeleton.
Charles Dickens|Let us not be like the forest fox foraging for food for itself forever!Let us be like the assiduous ant, always accumulating ample assets for all ants with altruism and all-round assistance.
Jillian Kuhlmann, The Hidden Icon (Book of Icons)|If it was my lot that I should have him for only a little while, then have him I would.
Ernest Becker, Escape from Evil|I was already well schooled in looking away, the jungle-craft of gentility.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Talent & skills are useless & won't get you anywhere, without lot of practise, commitment & prioritization.
Gabor Maté|Narrow behaviourist thinkingpermeates political and social policy and medical practice, thechildrearing advice dispensed by “parenting experts” and academicdiscourse. We keep trying to change people’s behaviours without a fullunderstanding of how and why those behaviours arise. “Inner causesare not the proper domain of psychology,” writes Roy Wise, an experton the psychology of addiction, and a prominent investigator in theNational Institute on Drug Abuse in the U.S.A.3 This statement seemsastonishing, coming from a psychologist. In reality, there can be nounderstanding of human beings, let alone of addicted human beings,without looking at “inner causes,” tricky as those causes can be to pindown at times. Behaviours, especially compulsive behaviours, areoften the active representations of emotional states and of specialkinds of brain functioning.As we have seen, the dominant emotional states and the brainpatterns of human beings are shaped by their early environment.Throughout their lifetimes, they are in dynamic interaction with varioussocial and emotional milieus. If we are to help addicts, we must striveto change not them but their environments. These are the only thingswe can change. Transformation of the addict must come from withinand the best we can do is to encourage it. Fortunately, there is muchthat we can do.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Deyth Banger|Sofi could see the lights in the distance, like the stars hanging above and the planet perched in the sky. Waiting breathless by the moon for them to visit in their rocket ship.
Adam Arkin|I believe as a born-again Christian that once you've had a chance to drink from the well, it becomes your responsibility to replenish the well.
Brownell Landrum, A Chorus of Voices: DUET stories Volume III - Adult Version|Every woman is as bitter as gall. But she has two good moments: one in bed, the other at her death.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Ivanov had been a party member since 1902. Back then he had tried to write stories in the manner of Tolstoy, Chekhov, Gorky, or rather he had tried to plagiarize them without much success, which led him, after long reflection (a whole summer night), to the astute decision that he should write in the manner of Odoevsky and Lazhechnikov. Fifty percent Odoevsky and fifty percent Lazhecknikov. This went over well, in part because readers, their memories mostly faulty, had forgotten poor Odoevsky (1803-1869) and poor Lazhechnikov (1792-1869), who died the same year, and in part because literary criticism, as keen as ever, neither extrapolated nor made the connection nor noticed a thing.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|In another place was a vast array of idols—Polynesian, Mexican, Grecian, Phoenician, every country on earth I should think. And here, yielding to an irresistible impulse, I wrote my name upon the nose of a steatite monster from South America that particularly took my fancy.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Small, therefore, can we think the progress we have made, as long as our admiration for those who have done noble things is barren, and does not of itself incite us to imitate them.
Michelle M. Pillow, Determined Prince|We did not go about this bride thing right. I do not think women are still used to being stolen as they once were.”“Some adjustment is to be expected.”“It is more than that. She keeps asking for things that I do not have—her Earth clothes and something called a cheeseburger, which I recall from the mini shows as being a giant food that women enjoy eating half naked very slowly.” Kyran thought of Eve’s beautiful legs. He would very much enjoy getting her a cheeseburger
Brad Jensen|Fall into the cavern of my mind, and together there, we will dine.
Adele Green in Can You See Me Naked: Grow in a conscious relationship|Most things are relative, but perspective is everything.
D.H. Barbara|You cannot blame our decisions on anyone, Moriah. They were all made byyou, alone.Clarion, to MoriahAngels Unaware
Chase S.M. Neill|Because between doing something and doing nothing, this is all I can do.
David Burr Gerrard, Short Century: A Novel|Angus was courting me with lines that stabbed deep in lonely, barren places. Like an unfair conqueror, he was delivering his words with an accent that had me dreaming of castles and lochs, and strong thighs under a rough kilt.
James Thurber|I'll never know the right answer for sex and marriage, sense and mirage.
Paul Auster, The Paris Review Interviews, IV: 4|Novels are fictions and therefore they tell lies, but through those lies every novelist attempts to tell the truth about the world.
Gary Coleman|I think it's important to take a break, you know, from the public eye for a while, and give people a chance to miss you. I want longevity. I don't want to get out there and run myself ragged and spread myself thin.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray and Other Writings|Young people, nowadays, imagine that money is everything.Yes, murmured Lord Henry, settling his button-hole in his coat; and when they grow older they know it.
Luella Christie, Nana Joop|He wanted to start from the top while he knew nothing of the beginning and that was why he was always swimming at the bottom. He liked to think he was an entrepreneur and was even on Dragon’s Den with the silliest invention ever: a machine to scratch his back. Why don’t you just reach out, you lazy twit?
Anne Tyler|Like family, we are tied to each other. This is what all good musicians understand.
Avina Celeste|Keep growing, even when times are tough. Learn the lessons you need to learn and keep changing. Keep growing stronger. You have made it this far and you can make it through all the hard times ahead. Stay strong.
Golda Poretsky|I think fitting in is highly overrated. I’d rather just fit out... Fitting out means being who you are, even when people insist that you have to change. Fitting out means taking up space, not apologizing for yourself, and not agreeing with those who seek to label you with stereotypes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What can sanctified the soul? The Word of God, the Holy Scripture, the Truth.
Louis B. Rosenberg|I have been able to have a family and to dedicate quality time to my two sets of twins and my husband, as well as to serve on the boards of The Michael J. Fox Foundation for Parkinson's Research and Montefiore Medical Center.
Roseanna Boswell, Ladybug Girl & Other Poems|Don’t you dare say these times are hollowJust because there are storms raging by.Just lay low on your pillow,Close your eyes and say goodbyeTo the world that you lived in today.Let your dreams carry you away;You lived a nightmare all through the day,It is time to dream, so don’t delay.You searched for a reason to live,Yes darling, you searched everywhere.You had to push, you had to strive,It is time now to get some air.You searched in all that is outside,It is time now to look inside,Cause that is where you’ll findA reason worth keeping in your mind.These dreams are not an escape, darling,You need time to see past the lies that blind you.It is time for you to start runningTo those things that are true.So, don’t you dare say these nights are hollow,Just because there are storms raging by.Just lay low on your pillowAnd lose yourself in this lullaby.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|it is a heartBreaking sound, Amir Jan, the Wailing of a mother. I pray to Allah you Never hear it.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|When we were alive, they told us that when we died we'd go to heaven. And they said that heaven was a place of joy and glory and we would spend eternity in the company of saints and angels praising the Almighty, in a state of bliss. That's what they said. And that's what led some of us to give our lives, and others to spend years in solitary prayer, while all the joy of life was going to waste around us and we never knew. Because the land of the dead isn't a place of reward or a place of punishment, it is a place of nothing. The good come here as well as the wicked, and all of us languish in this gloom forever, with no hope of freedom, or joy, or sleep, or rest, or peace. But now this child has come offering us a way out and I'm going to follow her. Even if it means oblivion, friends, I'll welcome it, because it won't be nothing. We'll be alive again in a thousand blades of grass, and a million leaves; we'll be falling in the raindrops and blowing in the fresh breeze; we'll be glistening in the dew under the stars and the moon out there in the physical world, which is our true home and always was.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If a man found his dream wife, it was because he was wide awake.
Dada Bhagwan|One enjoyed the mental pleasures through ignorance (of the Self), and that is cause of the worldly life. Only the bliss of the ‘Knowledge’ [of the Soul, one’s True Self] is to be enjoyed.
Eva Lesko Natiello, The Memory Box|The pains in my heart don't go away these days. The heartaches are chronic; they layer on top of each other from one day to the next, thickening like a callus.
Ron Susek|Or just claim it come from Leviticus since nobody ever read Leviticus. This is how you know. Nobody who get to the end of Leviticus can still take that book seriously. Even in a book full of it, that book is mad as shit. Don't lie with man as with woman, sure I can run with that reasoning. But don't eat crab? Not even with the nice, soft, sweet roast yam? And why kill a man for that? And trust me, the last thing any man who rape my daughter going to get to do is marry her. How, when I slice him up piece by piece, keeping him alive for all of it and have him watch me feed him foot to stray dog?
Lisa Snowdon|Go to your business, pleasure, whilst I go to my pleasure, business.
Joe Buckler, Later That Night|How many nights are we here?" Cassie asked. "Six? So we need what, 20 bottles?
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|No more junk talk, no more lies. No more mornings in the hospital getting bad blood drained out of me. No more doctors trying to analyse what makes me a drug addict. No more futile attempts at trying to control my heroin use. No more defending myself when I know I am practically indefensible. No more police using me as practice. No more ODs, no more losses. No more trying to take an intellectual position on my heroin addiction when it takes more than it gives. No more dope-sick mornings, no more slow suicide, no more pain without end.No more AA. No more NA. No more mind control. No more being a victim, no more looking for reasons in childhood, in God in anything but what exists in HERE. No more admitting I am powerless. Down the dusty Los Angeles sidewalks, down the urine stained London back alleys … there goes the connection fading into the crowd like a 1960’s Polaroid.“Business…?”“Whachoo need…?”“Chiva…?
Robert Crais, Suspect|And he had a dog, a nice dog. He couldn’t be too evil or dangerous if he had such a great dog.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I will hurt you for this. I don't know how yet, but give me time. A day will come when you think yourself safe and happy, and suddenly your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and you'll know the debt is paid.
Idries Shah, Aprender a aprender|The Sufi is 'One who does not care when something is taken from him, but who does not cease to seek for what he has not.
Guillermo Cabrera Infante|When I started out as a model, I took things for granted. Because I bagged work thanks to my looks, I didn't give my body any importance. I was a couch potato who'd eat anything. Then, in 2005, a tabloid ran a story calling me fat. I thought, 'I'm famous. How can I be fat?' It was a slap. I decided to get fit.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|If you can't love me in my rugs, you don't deserve me in my riches
Julie Klausner|It really was hand-to-mouth and you can say, 'Poor little me, how dreadful, what a deprived childhood', but I didn't feel that way at all. It's all about the attitude at home.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|I asked the feedlot manager why they didn't just spray the liquefied manure on neighboring farms. The farmers don't want it, he explained. The nitrogen and phosphorus levels are so high that spraying the crops would kill them. He didn't say that feedlot wastes also contain heavy metals and hormone residues, persistent chemicals that end up in waterways downstream, where scientists have found fish and amphibians exhibiting abnormal sex characteristics.
Andrew Loomis, Figure Drawing for All It's Worth|As a student I thought there was a formula of some kind that I would get hold of somewhere, and thereby become and artist. There is a formula, but it has not been in books. It is really plain old courage, standing on one's own feet, and forever seeking enlightenment; courage to develop your way, but learning from the other fellow; experimentation with your own ideas, observing for yourself, a rigid discipline of doing over that which you can improve.
Dean Koontz, A Big Little Life:  A Memoir of a Joyful Dog|When you have dogs, you witness their uncomplaining acceptance of suffering, their bright desire to make the most of life in spite of the limitations of age and disease, their calm awareness of the approaching end when their final hours come. They accept death with a grace that I hope I will one day be brave enough to muster.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|He is the intermediary between us, his audience, the living, and they, the dolls, the undead, who cannot live at all and yet who mimic the living in every detail since, though they cannot speak or weep, still they project those signals of signification we instantly recognize as language.
Robert D. Putnam, Bowling Alone: The Collapse and Revival of American Community|Who said slavery is over? We all are slaves, either you work for your self or for someone ealse,
Beatrix Potter|Thank God I have the seeing eye, that is to say, as I lie in bed I can walk step by step on the fells and rough land seeing every stone and flower and patch of bog and cotton pass where my old legs will never take me again.
Aaron Paul|I've got to be honest and say that, growing up, I wasn't a big sports guy, but I love the camaraderie. I just love people getting together, fighting for a team and getting super-emotional about it.
Anthony Farrimond|A good photograph is one that communicates a fact, touches the heart and leaves the viewer a changed person for having seen it. It is, in a word, effective.
Kate Morgenroth, Through the Heart|He took a moment, as if he were deciding which tack to go with. I think he chose honesty, but it's so hard to tell. And if you chose honesty as a strategy, is it still honesty?
Darynda Jones|Plot joined the expedition unwooed, as a necessary companion. It was not the scout. The scout was a certain mood. I followed that mood, and let the shape of the story flow from that.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If everyone followed the rules, we wouldn't be human...And I'd choose that than being a Robot over any day.
Mary Karr|it was dawning on me how uphill a poet's path was, and I confessed to her that if I had to be the choice between being happy or being a poet, I'd choose to be happy.
Khaled Hosseini|We owe it to all our veterans to make sure they have a chance to achieve the American Dream, just like the rest of us.
Deyth Banger|The Curious Case of Benjamin Button", great story, great film.
Kamal Khanzada|The future is unlimited for you right now, no one can knows what you capable of. Do not surrender! Only you are capable to change the world.
Crystal Mary Lindsey|In times of suffering, don't turn inward to self-pity or outward to revenge, but turn to the lover of your soul, Jesus.
Val Uchendu|As I watched the sun began its daily routine, casting golden hue and illuminating cities, I wondered, “what an exemplary way to start my daily routine?
Charles Eisenstein, The More Beautiful World Our Hearts Know Is Possible|It has always been difficult for Jews to take Christians serious, mostly because Christians lack the fundamentals that religious Jews learn in their youth. It remains an embarrassing fact, that modern Jews can comprehend the New Testament better than modern Christians. There is no excuse for this. Christians have dropped the ball and should be anxious to remedy that neglect. Not only would they benefit themselves, but their community too.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|First rule to be a photographer, you have to be invisible.
John Connolly, The Infernals|There's a difference between living and just surviving. Do something you love, and find someone to love who loves that you love what you do.It is really that simple.And that hard.
Asa Don Brown, The effects of childhood trauma on adult perception and worldview|Worldview is often confused with perception; rather, it is our perception that influences our worldview.
Rachel Corrie|We are all born and someday we’ll all die. Most likely to some degree alone.What if our aloneness isn’t a tragedy? What if our aloneness is what allows us to speak the truth without being afraid? What if our aloneness is what allows us to adventure – to experience the world as a dynamic presence – as a changeable, interactive thing?If I lived in Bosnia or Rwanda or who knows where else, needless death wouldn’t be a distant symbol to me, it wouldn’t be a metaphor, it would be a reality.And I have no right to this metaphor. But I use it to console myself. To give a fraction of meaning to something enormous and needless.This realization. This realization that I will live my life in this world where I have privileges.I can’t cool boiling waters in Russia. I can’t be Picasso. I can’t be Jesus. I can’t save the planet single-handedly.I can wash dishes.
R.J. Silver|Because I feel as if I let it down. As if it needed something from me, I was its only hope, and now that hope is gone.''What penis doesn’t try to make you feel that way?
Daniel S. Fletcher, Jackboot Britain|Then little Gerda said the Lord's Prayer; the cold was so intense that she could see her own breath; it came out of her mouth like smoke. Her breath became thicker and thicker, and took the form of little angels who grew larger and larger as soon as they touched the ground. All had helmets on their heads, and lances and shields in their hands; their numbers increased, and when Gerda had finished her prayer a whole legion stood around her. They trust their lances against the horrible snow-flakes, so that the latter flew into a hundred pieces; and little Gerda went forward safely and cheerfully. The angels stroked her hands and feet, so that she felt the cold less, and she hastened on to the Snow Queen's castle.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|The USPS is the only place in the world where you will find a black guy, a white guy, and a hispanic guy playing Filipino poker! And we love it that way!
Steven Pinker|Looking back, I realise it wasn't only gym I dreaded at school. Every class was a torment. It wasn't knowledge I objected to but instruction. Why couldn't they just tell us what books to read and leave us to get on and read them?
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|The promises of prayer are extraordinary, but for prayer to work as God promises it to work, it must be purged of self and doubt.
Robert Higgs|The ethics of psychiatric therapy is the very negation of the ethics of political liberty. The former embraces absolute power, provided it is used to protect and promote the patient's mental health. The latter rejects absolute power, regardless of its aim or use.
Nikita Dudani|Memories is all that you have, which help you survive the storms and struggles of your daily life after you lose someone!
Tom   King|Our freedom of mobility has helped keep this nation free. We are eagles, not herds of cattle. Eagles are much harder to corral with fences.
Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless|You're afraid of making mistakes. Don't be. Mistakes can be profited by. Man, when I was young I shoved my ignorance in people's faces. They beat me with sticks. By the time I was forty my blunt instrument had been honed to a fine cutting point for me. If you hide your ignorance, no one will hit you and you'll never learn.
Tabatha Coffey|When the conscious mind expands to embrace deeper levels of thinking, the thought wave becomes more powerful and results in added energy and intelligence.
Bobby Flay|Obviously, the easiest recipes are the most successful when it comes to the home cook, because they're not intimidated by them. If I'm doing 'Boy Meets Grill,' and I do something very simple like grilled hamburgers or steaks or chicken, those are the most sought-after recipes.
Auliq Ice|To choose who to love, is a decision no one else can help you with -- you have to decide for yourself.
Hannah Garrison|Creativity vs. inspiration: inspiration makes a copy, creativity makes something completely new.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The universe doesn’t give you what you ask for with your thoughts; it gives you what you demand with your actions. In essence, you don't get what you WANT, you get what you ARE.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|One of the devil’s methods is to attack everyone . . . He knows that the Word of God is powerful, and he will try to keep you from it.
Mimi Jean Pamfiloff, Accidentally in Love with...a God?|An hour later, a nameless, cold-faced man returned with a tray of fresh pasta, warm bread, and a few bags of brand new comfort clothes: yoga pants, tees, a few sports bras, and...pink thong underwear? Well, of course. Wouldn't want to be held prisoner and have panty lines.
Cecelia Ahern, Thanks for the Memories|Hair the color of lemons,'" Rudy read. His fingers touched the words. "You told him about me?"At first, Liesel could not talk. Perhaps it was the sudden bumpiness of love she felt for him. Or had she always loved him? It's likely. Restricted as she was from speaking, she wanted him to kiss her. She wanted him to drag her hand across and pull her over. It didn't matter where. Her mouth, her neck, her cheek. Her skin was empty for it, waiting.Years ago, when they'd raced on a muddy field, Rudy was a hastily assembled set of bones, with a jagged, rocky smile. In the trees this afternoon, he was a giver of bread and teddy bears. He was a triple Hitler Youth athletics champion. He was her best friend. And he was a month from his death.Of course I told him about you," Liesel said.
Danielle Wood, Rosie Little's Cautionary Tales for Girls|It’s said that sport is the civilised society’s substitute for war, and also that the games we play as children are designed to prepare us for the realities of adult life. Certainly it’s true that my brother thrived in the capitalist kindergarten of the Monopoly board, developing a set of ruthless strategies whose success is reflected in his bank balance even to this day. I, on the other hand, can still be undone by the kind of ridiculous sentimentality that would see me sacrifice anything, anything, in order to have the three matching red-headed cards of Fleet Street, Trafalgar Square and The Strand sitting tidily together on my side of the board.
William Godwin|What religion a man holds, to what race he belongs, these things are not important; the really important thing is this knowledge: the knowledge of God's plan for men. For God has a plan, and that plan is evolution.
Mopelola  Adeniyi|I used to think that life was hills and valleys-you go through a dark time, then to the mountaintop, back and forth. I don't believe that anymore. Rather than life being hills and valleys, I believe it is it's kind of like two rails on a railroad track, and at all times in your life, there is something bad that needs to be worked on. And no matter how bad things are in our lives, there is always something good to thank God for.
Alcurtis Turner|Forget about showering with my fellow students in Tribeca Alternative’s prison-style showers—one nozzle for four to six girls at a time—in the locker room. It was impossible to work up a sweat during what passed for physical education class at TAHS, so there was no need to shower, anyway.Well, impossible for me, considering that, in the past, whenever a volleyball or whatever came near me,I’d always make sure to step calmly away to avoid it. See? No sweat. No need for a shower. Problem solved.
Peter Marshall|Because I believe in God and have faith in God, it doesn't mean I am immortal. It doesn't mean I am immune, as has been claimed. I am as scared as anyone of getting hurt, especially driving a Formula One car.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Pop Art looks out into the world. It doesn't look like a painting of something, it looks like the thing itself.
Anne Carson, Decreation|What is a quote? A quote (cognate with quota) is a cut, a section, a slice of someone's orange. You suck the slice, toss the rind, skate away.
Doris Lessing|Children depend mightily on animals for comfort, inspiration, imagination, and art. And parents have long recognized this.
Paul Theroux, The Great Railway Bazaar|So far I had been travelling alone with my handbook and my Western Railway timetable: I was happiest finding my own way and did not require a liaison man. It had been my intention to stay on the train, without bothering about arriving anywhere: sight-seeing was a way of passing the time, but, as I had concluded in Istanbul, it was an activity very largely based on imaginative invention, like rehearsing your own play in stage sets from which all the actors had fled.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Knowledge of Self is very important, you can't be living in a world pretending to be someone you're not. No one will ever believe in you, when you don't have the courage to believe in yourself. You can not live to impress others solely not giving thought to express your true being. No one wants to interact with a pretender, a fake, a wannabe.
will.i.am|My music, I feel, has always been experimental, but it had got to a point where I felt disconnected from it completely. I didn't want to be a Clark Kent/Superman: I couldn't really say, 'Well, B.o.B's the old me, and Bobby Ray's the new me.' I had to just make a point.
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|If from immemorable time, the Men had been so little envious, and so very impartial, as to do justice to our talents, by admitting us to our right of sharing with them in public action; they wou'd have been as accustomed to see us filling public offices, as we are to see them disgrace them; (...) A Schurman, with a thesis in her hand, displaying nature in it's most innocent useful lights, wou'd have been as familiar a sight, as a Physician in his chariot (...): And an Amazon, with a helmet on her head, animating her embattled troops, wou'd have been no more a matter of surprize than a milliner behind a counter with a thimble on her finger (...). Not reason then, but error and ignorance cased in custom, makes these superficial creatures think it an unnatural sight.
Helena Petrovna Blavatsky|No doubt it is true that there is more rejoicing in heaven over one sinner repented than over all the saints who consistently remain holy, and the rare, sudden gentlenesses of arrogant people have infinitely more effect than the continual gentleness of gentle people. Arrogance turned gentle melts the heart.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|The ocean fascinates me too. How it connects everything and everyone, but at the same time it divides us. It’s a mystery, full of life and possibilities. It’s just…phenomenal.
Erich Fromm|We, after a certain age, after college, are so consumed about what we want to achieve in life, and we fiercely are ambitious and we go after that, but sometimes we tend to take all our loved and dear ones for granted.
Jacob Nordby|Each new day offers the chance to start afresh, to achieve those things you most desires.
Kate DiCamillo|There's an exact moment for leaping into the lives of wild animals. You have to feel their lives first, how they fit the world around them. It's like the beat of music. Their eyes, the sounds they make, their head, movements, their feet and their whole body, the closeness of things around them - all this and more make up the way they perceive and adjust to their world.
Catherine Ryan Hyde, Second Hand Heart|Love makes people beautiful, beautiful in the fact that those who are stricken by love become blind. Not being able to see the evils and pain in the world, that's the part that makes people beautiful on the inside.
Robert Patterson|When I was first approached for 'Pass the Plate,' I was thrilled because I love to cook. And I love to cook healthy. The reason I started cooking was because I would go to restaurants and have just amazing food but feel so heavy and gross. I would go home and try to cook the same thing, but a healthy version.
Michael B. Patterson, The Darkrider|Quite aside from supernatural experiences, after having given this much thought and extensive consideration, I am quite certain that it is Christianity that is based in Objective Reality and Truth and is therefore validpp
Akilnathan Logeswaran|In a world full of lions and tigers entertaining the masses, have you ever seen a wolf performing in a circus?
Claire Chilton|The secret to happiness is the journey, not the destination.
Lisa Kessler, New Moon|I could shoot you in the foot.""Please do. At least then I wouldn't have to endure this sock humiliation any longer.
François de La Rochefoucauld|True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.
Caroline A. Shearer, Raise Your Verbal Vibration: Create the Life You Want with Law of Attraction Language, a min-e-bookTM|The universe will never 'take away' something that is for our highest and greatest good so when we 'lose' something, or our lives shift, it is always for our benefit. It’s unwrapping a surprise present from the universe.
Thomas Traherne, Centuries Of Meditations|I was delighted to see him growing more cautious and skeptical about what he heard, especially when he heard it from someone in apparent authority. I think that is fundamental to a good education. And if it comes back to bite me from time to time, that's a price worth paying.
Thornton Wilder|We must expect reverses, even defeats. They are sent to teach us wisdom and prudence, to call forth greater energies, and to prevent our falling into greater disasters.
A.J. Flowers, A Guide to Writing Your First Novel|Given a choice, it seems like pity would be easier to bear than mockery, but that's not true. Mockery hardens defenses; pity slips through, finds the softest places you have, and slices to the bone. Pity will break you, every time.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There's a big difference on being wise and being crafty. The former is the attribute of God, and the latter is that of Satan.
Jean Vanier, Finding Peace|[Happiness] comes when we choose to be who we are, to be ourselves, at this present moment in our lives.
Danny Wallace|I'm holding a super-expandable energy-powered towel. I've made friends with space hamsters. I think we've stretched believability rather far, don't you?
E.A.A. Wilson, Ascension Denied|Then again, she could actually be dead, and this place was purgatory or Hell. She settled on purgatory because she always believed Hell would not offer rewards for good behavior. Limbo was probably the best answer. She was awaiting judgment, and if she passed her tests or “sessions,” she could cross over to the real afterlife. It was a strange concept for her because she was not Catholic. She was some variant of Protestant--something that did not believe in Limbo but believed in fainting and speaking in tongues. Bridget had not been to church since her grandmother died because the young woman refused to accept the idea that One-Day-a-Week Christians were better than those who failed to attend church at all. Why go to a house of worship to listen to the high and mighty talk about what people in town did with their week? In Bridget’s eyes, this concept of judgment was entirely un-Christian. Furthermore, she had lots of gay friends, and she believed they should be allowed to marry. That was a concept with which members of her congregation disagreed. Maybe this was purgatory, and she was being tested for her support of homosexuality or her lack of faith. She really had no idea.
Kathi Daley, Halloween Hijinks|Many people know that animals around the world are treated badly, yet they turn their minds away. To be vegan means to care deeply about how our choices help or harm animals, how we create peace or suffering in the world. Our choices are powerful. Vegan is love.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mouth|We were all involved in the death of John Kennedy. We tolerated hate; we tolerated the sick stimulation of violence in all walks of life; and we tolerated the differential application of law, which said that a man's life was sacred only if we agreed with his views. This may explain the cascading grief that flooded the country in late November. We mourned a man who had become the pride of the nation, but we grieved as well for ourselves because we knew we were sick.
Stephan Pastis|We felt it was very important for an entity like CCTV to make its presence felt... To generate a space and to define a space, that is the main thing.
Criss Jami, Healology|If you're not a smart worker, it's about how hard you work double the amount from the heart; if you're not a hard worker, it's about how smart you work but times two from the brain.
Herman Wouk, Don't Stop the Carnival|It is natural that people should differ most, and most violently, about the unknowable . . . There is all the room in the world for divergence of opinion about something that, so far as we can realistically perceive, does not exist.
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|Oh, Micheal darling!""Don't call me darling, I'm a driving instructor!
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|He had never thought the question over clearly, but vaguely imagined that his wife had long suspected him of being unfaithful to her and was looking the other way. It even seemed to him that she, a worn-out, aged, no longer beautiful woman, not remarkable for anything, simple, merely a kind mother of a family, ought in all fairness to be indulgent. It turned out to be quite the opposite.
Donna Lynn Hope|A burdened heart doesn't equate to a lack of faith. The God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob can heal with a simple command. The burden comes from wondering if that's His will and may it be done.
Rebecca Makkai, The Borrower|...all I knew were novels. It gave me pause, for a moment, that all my reference points were fiction, that all my narratives were lies.
ilana Graf|Some people love their story that much even if it's of their own misery, even if it ties them to unhappiness, or they don't know how to stop telling it. Maybe it's about loving coherence more than comfort, but it might also be about fear—you have to die a little to be reborn, and death comes first, the death of a story, a familiar version of yourself
Epeli Hauʻofa, We Are the Ocean: Selected Works|Tidal waves surge forward,And in their wake, 			Stale water is replenished.(Haiku from Chapter Thirty, SHADOWWATER)
Kate McGahan|Soul is the invisible part of a living being that is immortal and breath is the evidence that the soul exists. The soul is what goes to Heaven when we no longer need our body here. We may be dogs, but we breathe, we bleed, and we love just like anybody else.
Temitayo Olami|What do you see when you look in the mirror? I hope it goes beyond beauty. I hope what you see is that person who's worth it and deserves nothing less than the best, I hope that you see beyond the pain, I hope that you see the glory ahead of you, I hope that you see the strong woman who doesn't break to fail, but breaks to stand and I hope that you'll always remember that you need to love the person in the mirror first to make a change
Vincent Lowry, Dreams Reign Supreme|For every question, there is a book.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|Orion nodded, then asked, “Dwarf cheese?”“Cheese made by dwarfs.”“Oh,” said Orion, relieved. “They make it. It’s not actually . . .”“No. What a horrible thought.”“Exactly.
Stanley S. Thornton, He Walks with Dragons|Among the dragons, the prohibition against asking direct questions did not exist, and-as Harrier discovered immediately-dragons were even more outrageous gossips than sailors.
David Brainard|Fatigues and hardships serve to wean me more from the earth, and will make heaven sweeter.
Vladimir Nabokov, Bend Sinister|Do all people have that? A face, a phrase, a landscape, an air bubble from the past suddenly floating up as if released by the head warden's child from a cell in the brain while the mind is at work on some totally different matter? Something of the sort also occurs just before falling asleep when what you think you are thinking is not at all what you think. Or two parallel passenger trains of thought, one overtaking the other.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|They kissed for the first time then in the cold spring rain, though neither one of them now knew that it was raining. Tristran's heart pounded in his chest as if it was not big enough to contain all the joy that it held. He opened his eyes as he kissed the star. Her sky-blue eyes stared back into his, and in her eyes he could see no parting from her.
Seneca, Dying Every Day: Seneca at the Court of Nero|But is life really worth so much? Let us examine this; it's a different inquiry. We will offer no solace for so desolate a prison house; we will encourage no one to endure the overlordship of butchers. We shall rather show that in every kind of slavery, the road of freedom lies open. I will say to the man to whom it befell to have a king shoot arrows at his dear ones [Prexaspes], and to him whose master makes fathers banquet on their sons' guts [Harpagus]: 'What are you groaning for, fool?... Everywhere you look you find an end to your sufferings. You see that steep drop-off? It leads down to freedom. You see that ocean, that river, that well? Freedom lies at its bottom. You see that short, shriveled, bare tree? Freedom hangs from it.... You ask, what is the path to freedom? Any vein in your body.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Now that we are all so smart, we don’t easily find resolutions.
Gary Locke|The situation around Terri Schiavo was a deeply held conflict over what to do if someone isn't going to return to consciousness or competence. Who will decide? Even there, where we had settled legal rules, we still had disagreement. We're torn about these things.
John Ashbery|I'm heading for a clean-named placelike Wisconsin, and mad as a jack-o'-lantern, will get therewithout help and nosy proclivities.
J.R. Moehringer|I hate when people ask what a book is about. People who read for plot, people who suck out the story like the cream filling in an Oreo, should stick to comic strips and soap operas. . . . Every book worth a damn is about emotions and love and death and pain. It's about words. It's about a man dealing with life. Okay?
Karen Horney, Neurosis and Human Growth: The Struggle Towards Self-Realization|Also the natural sexual functions of establishing an intimate human contact frequently assume greater proportions. This is a well known fact about detached people for whom sexuality may be the only bridge to others, but it is not restricted to being an obvious substitute for human closeness. It shows also in the haste with which people may rush into sexual relations, without giving themselves a chance to find out whether they have anything in common or a chance to develop a liking and understanding. It is possible of course that an emotional relatedness may evolve later on. But more often than not it does not do so because usually the initial rush itself is a sign of their being too inhibited to develop a good human relationship.
W. Phillip Keller, A Shepherd Looks at Psalm 23|She blinked once, then twice, and yet again, sure what she viewed was just another part of this fantasy world that she had stepped into when her feet touched the green grass of Ireland.
Megyn Kelly, Settle for More|...the Cupcake Nation mentality - "Everyone's a winner!" - is so dangerous. When we try to protect the young from any vaguely uncomfortable ideas or encounters, we do them a grave disservice. Being tested by different viewpoints in my life, being sometimes offended or occasionally hurt, or even targeted, is a big part of what prepared me for the challenged I've faced in my career..,
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Kill the women? No – nobody ever saw anything in the books like that. You fetch them to the cave, and you’re always as polite as pie to them; and by-and-by they fall in love with you and never want to go home any more.
Sharon Hannaford, All Hell Breaks Loose|Jack’s face was now buried in his hands, his elbows still on his knees, and he hunched as he fisted his hair. “Ezra?” Evidence of his anguish to come was unmistakable in the catch of his voice.Ezra’s was solid. “Yes?”“Don’t let me kill myself.
Gao Xingjian|With the beginning of life, comes the thirst for truth, whereas the ability to lie is gradually acquired in the process of trying to stay alive.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|Did you?' the producer said. 'He's so clownish on the surface, all joke and dazzle. How in the world could you have seen it?''But I did. The moment I met him," she said. "A fucking supernova. Every day since.' She thought, but did not say, almost.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|The thing that gave me the most pain in life, psychologically, and it gave me tremendous pain psychologically, is man's disrespect for nature.
Sandra Kopp, Warrior Queen of Ha-Ran-Fel|Think back over the years, when each kingdom had its own king. They fought each other, not only between kingdoms, but within kingdoms. They had no unity, no peace! Every kingdom wanted something another kingdom had, and rather than share, they fought! There was greed! There was strife! There was war and there was death! That, my hypocritical and judgmental friend, constitutes the highest form of slavery! Ryadok
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|It was clear that he didn't remember me from one day to the next. The note clipped to his sleeve simply informed him that it was not our first meeting, but it could not bring back the memory of the time we had spent together.
Kate Karyus Quinn, Another Little Piece|Confession is good for the soul, they say. I'd imagine this is true. But my sins were too convoluted. And from the little I understand--too damning.
Charles Baxter|[T]he astonishing purity of pain, how it will not be mixed with any other sensation.
Nityananda Das|To share our independence, to me, is synonym with “maturity”. Maturity means the combination of courage—to do something—and consideration—to stop doing that when it’s required. Kind of like the gas and brake in a vehicle.“To depend on Love isn’t the same as to depend on a single person to feel that connection towards Love. The more Love that flows through any given relationship, the more love that can flow towards other relationships, in contrast, a lack of Love in a relationship calls us to look out for anything else that could make us feel connected, feel accepted.“Most people aren’t ready for the kind of commitment and dedication required to ‘merge’ in someone else while retaining their individuality, and after a very short time, they feel suffocated and abandon such relationship.“In order to identify when we are receiving this energy from a particular—limited—individual, or when it is coming from Source, the Love that flows from Source is unlimited and increases constantly, whilst the other one needs constant recharge to continue to function. It’s as clear as the difference between sunlight and a torchlight.
Raheem Kirlew|I not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of suffering
Stuart Greaves|‎If we do not know the King that comes to your bedroom for the sole purpose of taking out your trash, then you have yet to know Jesus as the Servant of All.
Jaimal Yogis|Inu-Yasha: Is it my imagination, or have you been a little prickly l
Luís de Camões, Sonetos de Camões|Times change, as do our wills, What we are - is ever changing; All the world is made of change, And forever attaining new qualities.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Though the stupid have great capacity to direct the world because they are plentiful, the clever has a much greater capacity to prevent the stupid from halting the progression of humanity because - though they are rare - they are tactical and intelligent!
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|I’m fifteen and I feel like girl my age are under a lot of pressure that boys are not under. I know I am smart, I know I am kind and funny, and I know that everyone around me keeps telling me that I can be whatever I want to be. I know all this but I just don’t feel that way. I always feel like if I don’t look a certain way, if boys don’t think I’m ‘sexy’ or ‘hot’ then I’ve failed and it doesn’t even matter if I am a doctor or writer, I’ll still feel like nothing. I hate that I feel like that because it makes me seem shallow, but I know all of my friends feel like that, and even my little sister. I feel like successful women are only considered a success if they are successful AND hot, and I worry constantly that I won’t be. What if my boobs don’t grow, what if I don’t have the perfect body, what if my hips don’t widen and give me a little waist, if none of that happens I feel like what’s the point of doing anything because I’ll just be the ‘fat ugly girl’ regardless of whether I do become a doctor or not.I wish people would think about what pressure they are putting on everyone, not just teenage girls, but even older people – I watch my mum tear herself apart every day because her boobs are sagging and her skin is wrinkling, she feels like she is ugly even though she is amazing, but then I feel like I can’t judge because I do the same to myself. I wish the people who had real power and control the images and messages we get fed all day actually thought about what they did for once.I know the girls on page 3 are probably starving themselves. I know the girls in adverts are airbrushed. I know beauty is on the inside. But I still feel like I’m not good enough.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|There was no question about it- the girl in the photograph was staggeringly beautiful. She was Miss Canal Zone, a runner-up in the Miss Universe Contest -- and in fact far more beautiful than the winner of the contests. Her beauty had frightened the judges.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Gods|I was trying to do you a favor, you silly woman. A few more hours in the fire, and your baby boy would have been immortal! He would’ve grown into a fine young god and brought you eternal honor. Now you’ve ruined the magic. He will simply be human—a great hero, yes, strong and tall, but doomed to a mortal life. He will only be Demophoon, when he could have been Fully Phoon! Phoon the Great!
Maya Lin|I left science, then I went into art, but I approach things very analytically. I choose to pursue both art and architecture as completely separate fields rather than merging them.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|You didn’t get the quest you wanted, you got the one you could do.
Wendy Shalit|After all, the more women are developed internally, the more this is threatening to a society that insists on seeing them merely externally.
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|some time a big event could not make you happy, but some time a small gift can change the geography of your face.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|since you are spending time to watch a movies , make it a useful time for a great movie , not just a good movie .. movies are like food , some meals are delicious and some of them satisfy us and fill our stomach , but not every meal contain vitamins !
-Japs Loner|Harry sometimes wished that Lucille and Trinket could swap personalities; he thought Lucille was prettier, but Trinket rarely gave him any shit, which was nice.
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|Mentor Me: ...the crossroads and convergence of where science, metaphysics, religion, and utopian society intersect.
Ganesh Shiva Aithal, The Drought Within|As an idle mind either recalls its past or worries about its future, this Mr. Patil had sat indulged in his past. How beautiful his past life was, happy, lively and warm as the morning itself. It was a perfectly pictured cheerful life of afarmer.
Lauren Barnholdt, One Night That Changes Everything|There's still always the possibility that I've gone totally, clinically cuckoo. But somehow I don't think so anymore.An article I once read said that crazy people don't worry about being crazy - that's the whole problem.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 2|Do one thing for me, Sredni Vashtar.
Maria Stoica|Mind your words, dear writer for you are holding a delicate reader in them.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|I wanted to tell people, "My depression is acting up today" as an excuse for not seeing them, but I never managed to pull it off.
Charles de Montesquieu|Other people - they practice and they practice... these fingers of mine, they got brains in 'em. You don't tell them what to do - they do it. God given talent.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|I have not known him long indeed, but I am much better acquainted with him than I am with any other creature in the world.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|When someone you love dies, and you're not expecting it, you don't lose her all at once; you lose her in pieces over a long time—the way the mail stops coming, and her scent fades from the pillows and even from the clothes in her closet and drawers. Gradually, you accumulate the parts of her that are gone. Just when the day comes—when there's a particular missing part that overwhelms you with the feeling that she's gone, forever—there comes another day, and another specifically missing part.
L.R.W. Lee|If you don't have a narrative, just make one up. You can always change it when you have more clarity. Any narrative beats no narrative." - L. R. W. Lee
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Separation from the community creates isolation. Isolation is the source of most physical, emotional and spiritual disease.
k.j. force|You will never get the same from people as you expect, Better ask to god he will give you more than that, Because in his world ego and attitude doesn't mean anything
Karina Halle, Racing the Sun|...being beautiful has nothing to do with sex. You have to be beautiful in here, too.” he says, pressing his fist against his heart and then his head.
Theresa Pecku-Laryea|There's just got to be more to life than dresses, shoes, hair-dos, make-ups, selfies, big houses and the latest cars. Every individual must go on a hunt for something deeper, larger, eternal and fulfilling than these transcient things which will either degenerate or rot. There must be a desperate need in her to doggedly pursue her Creator to find that higher calling and divine purpose for which she was born. Otherwise even if she has ten children, she'll leave this earth more barren than she entered it, never really having birthed what all along she never knew she was pregnant with: Desitny.
Frances Wright|At the end of the day let there be no regrets, only a desire to do more tomorrow than you did today.
J.C. Joranco, Halfway to Nowhere|Danilo's was the kind of place where many drinking men come to hide, be it from their wives, in-laws, their jobs or life in general. it was where men and women can come to drink poison as if it was the only form of medicine available to remedy the migraine headache called life. The lighting dim and secluded, mostly covering the tables, counters and the door to the bathroom. The walls were decorated in decades of memories, favorite sports teams and other miscellaneous decor that was typical of small bars such as this one. It was too dark to tell what they were from a distance.  There was a thick layer of smoke hovering in the air around the ceiling lights, the place was smothered in it but was strongest above everyone's heads. The smell was the classic stale bar odor of cigarettes and cheap cigars.
Patience Johnson|The people that loves God, do they also have troubles? Yes but the troubles never have them. They can have pain but pain can't have them. Paul was in prison but prison was not in him. Don't let what you have, have you. Have money and time but don't let them have you. Have good name and title but don't let name and title have you but let God get glory out of it.
M.H. Rakib|I would love to be loved for what I am, and not for what I have!
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|Congrats, buddy. It's going to be hysterical seeing you try to parent. You're a disaster.""Thanks, asshole," he says, but he's smiling because he sees the humor in my expression."I hope it's a girl and she grows up to be hot like her mom because that'll make it even more hysterical," I added and chuckle. "You're going to have to buy a baseball bat to keep the boys away.""Oh God, don't even joke about that," he warns.
Barbara Kingsolver|You don't need gwiyomi to be cute, you just need self-confidence dear ;D
Jasper Fforde, The Woman Who Died a Lot|Though his death would not fill me with any sense of sadness, I would probably feel the loss. Even enemies are part of one.
John Donne|Our two souls therefore, which are one,  Though I must go, endure not yet  A breach, but an expansion,  Like gold to aery thinness beat. If they be two, they are two so  As stiff twin compasses are two ;  Thy soul, the fix'd foot, makes no show  To move, but doth, if th' other do. And though it in the centre sit,  Yet, when the other far doth roam,  It leans, and hearkens after it,  And grows erect, as that comes home. Such wilt thou be to me, who must,  Like th' other foot, obliquely run ;  Thy firmness makes my circle just,  And makes me end where I begun.
Simone Biles|I'm a firm believer that if you put together a good product that is just good policy, that is embraced by both sides so that it is seen as politically advantageous to the Republicans or Democrats, that even in this very polarized partisan world that you can advance legislation. I have to believe that, or I wouldn't want to get up every morning.
Vincent Wambua Nzoka, The POWER to THRIVE: Key Practical Success Principles to Empower You to Breakthrough in Life Extremes!|If you are unable to find the right environment, make one of your OWN and surround yourself with books, music and activities that inspire you. Always remember that when you’re living a life in tandem with your DESTINY, it’s a single file - there is enough room just for YOU - and that’s OKAY!.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Let the energy of experience be in configuration to the unknown. Know love crosses all paths in many forms, felt and never seen. Almost always.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|Smile, it’s the second best thing youcan do with your lips.
Barbara Kingsolver|Everybody has their own America, and then they have pieces of a fantasy America that they think is out there but they can’t see…So the fantasy corners of America…you’ve pieced them together from scenes in movies and music and lines from books. And you live in your dream America that you’ve custom-made from art and schmaltz and emotions just as much as you live in your real one.
Loren Zomarie Adong|Everything is a test.Either you win or lose, either you commit yourself or not, it's all up to you.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|People strive hardest to save face, when the beauty they value is solely extrinsic.
Philip K. Dick, The Skull|What if he could see this, his own skull, yellow and eroded? Two centuries old. Would he still speak? Would he speak, if he could see it, the grinning, aged skull? What would there be for him to say, to tell the people? What message could he bring?What action would not be futile, when a man could look upon his own aged, yellowed skull?
Malik|Those who suffer great adversity and sorrow and go on to serve their fellowmen develop a great capacity to understand others. Like the prophets, they have acquired a higher understanding of the mind and will of Christ.
John Berger|A man's death makes everything certain about him. Of course, secrets may die with him. And of course, a hundred years later somebody looking through some papers may discover a fact which throws a totally different light on his life and of which all the people who attended his funeral were ignorant. Death changes the facts qualitatively but not quantitatively. One does not know more facts about a man because he is dead. But what one already knows hardens and becomes definite. We cannot hope for ambiguities to be clarified, we cannot hope for further change, we cannot hope for more. We are now the protagonists and we have to make up our minds.
H.E. Bates, The Feast of July|To be remembered, umbrella waits for the rain!
Erna Paris, Long Shadows: Truth, Lies and History|My dear friend, to be both powerful and fair has always been difficult for mankind. Power and justice have always been seen like day and night; this being the case, when one of them is there the other disappears.
M.J. Rose, The Collector of Dying Breaths|They loved him, or loved the thought of him, what they thought he was: a man who could easily have had a good life who chose instead their life: spite and bitterness and age-fogged glasses of watery whiskey in dark, cobwebbed country bars, shit-smeared toilets, blood-streaked piss, and early death. He could have helped it but didn't. They couldn't help it and loved him for being worse than them. He was the king of the wasters.
Chimnese Davids, Muses of Wandering Passions|I kept reaching for my muses,my wandering muses, floatingon clouds filled with their passions.”(Muses of Wandering Passions, p. 64)
Anne Lamott|I hate how long it takes to feel radical, militantly maternal self-acceptance.
Brittany Burgunder|Take a chance. Don’t fear change. Life won’t hand you your dreams. Every time a door closes or you let go of something, you will find that there is room for new possibilities to enter. You aren’t saying goodbye. You are saying hello.
Debasish Mridha|Feeding the poor will not eradicate poverty, but feeding the mind with true education will.
Goitsemang Mvula|Change is not change without changing Your Self first by changing the external factors of yourself, for darkness cannot glow in the light
Will Steacy, Photographs not taken: A collection of photographers' essays|When we are reading, a voice comes to us as in the dark and whispers, "Imagine!" Samuel Beckettas told by Bill Moyer in the Foreword he wrote for, The Public Library: A Photographic Essay by Robert Dawson. Afterword by Ann Patchett
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|[James M. Buchanan] directed hostility toward college students, public employees, recipients of any kind of government assistance, and liberal intellectuals. His intellectual lineage went back to such bitter establishment opponents of Populism as the social Darwinists Herbert Spencer and William Graham Sumner. The battle between "the oppressed and their oppressors," as one People's Party publication had termed it in 1892, was redefined in his milieu: "the working masses who produce" became businessmen, and "the favored parasites who prey and fatten on the toil of others" became those who gained anything from government without paying proportional income taxes. "The mighty struggle" became one to hamstring the people who refused to stop making claims on government.
Augusten Burroughs, This Is How: Proven Aid in Overcoming Shyness, Molestation, Fatness, Spinsterhood, Grief, Disease, Lushery, Decrepitude & More. For Young and Old Alike.|For far too long we have been seduced into walking a path that did not lead us to ourselves. For far too long we have said yes when we wanted to say no. And for far too long we have said no when we desperately wanted to say yes. . . . When we don't listen to our intuition, we abandon our souls. And we abandon our souls because we are afraid if we don't, others will abandon us.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|You told me once of the plants that lie dormant through the drought, that wait, half-dead, deep in the earth. The plants that wait for the rain. You said they'd wait for years, if they had to; that they'd almost kill themselves before they grew again. But as soon as those first drops of water fall, those plants begin to stretch and spread their roots. They travel up through the soil and sand to reach the surface. There's a chance for them again.
Frank Delaney, The Matchmaker of Kenmare|Marriage is very important. Marrying a girl is the most important thing a man can do. Never mind business or politics or sport or any of that, there's nothing so vital to the world as a man marrying a woman. That's where we get our children from, that's how the human race goes forward. And if it's too late for children, there's the companionship of a safe and trusted person.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|Conversion turns the bias of the WILL both as to means and end. The intentions of the will are altered. Now the man has new ends and designs. He now intends God above all, and desires and designs nothing in all the world, so much as that Christ may be magnified in him. He counts himself more happy in this than in all that the earth could yield, that he may be serviceable to Christ, and bring Him glory. This is the mark he aims at, that the name of Jesus may be great in the world.
Marya Sy|Before you are beginning your first step, let's pray first.
Javier Marías, All Souls|Stories matter. They shape our lives, expectations, and dreams. They are the warp and weave of our human existence, binding us into a fabric far stronger than any individual element
Ray Kurzweil, How to Create a Mind: The Secret of Human Thought Revealed|We don’t see the truth because we are blind. What blinds us are all those false beliefs we have in our mind. We have the need to be right and to make others wrong. We trust what we believe, and our beliefs set us up for suffering.
Colin Nissan|Hatred, rancor and grudge, they are not humanity elements; but you need to have them to survive.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The most important thing that is happening in the world right now is the emerging of the new man.Since the monkeys, man has remained the same, but a great revolution is on it's way. When monkeys became man, it created the mind. With the new man, a great revolution will bring the soul in. Man will not just be a mind, a psychological being, he will be a spiritual being.This new consciousness, this new being, is the most important thing, which is happening in the world today. But the old man will be against the emerging of the new man, the old man will be against this new consciousness.The new man is a matter of life and death, it is a question of the survival of the whole earth. It is matter of survival of consciousness, of survival of life itself.The old man has become utterly destructive. The old man is preparing for a global suicide right now. Rather than allowing the new man, the old man would rather destroy the whole earth, destroying life itself.The old destructive man is preparing right now for a third world war. The global economical and political elite and the war industrial complex in the U.S, which runs the foreign policy of the U.S, is right now promoting for a third world war.The U.S. has over thrown the democratically elected government in Ukraine in an secret operation by the CIA, the world's largest terrorist organization, and replaced it with a fascistic regime, a marionette for the U.S.The war industrial complex is now desperately trying to promote the third war by demonizing, lying and blaming Russia. We see the same aggression and lies from the U.S. that we have seen before against Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Syria, Venezuela and Iran.President Eisenhower warned against the war industrial complex, which he considered the largest threat to democracy. President John F. Kennedy also warned against a "secret conspiracy" against democracy. The war industrial complex consists of the international banks, oil companies, war industry, democratically elected politicians, conservative think tanks, international mainstream media and global companies, who make profits from human suffering and wars.The European governments and the mainstream media also cooperate with the war industrial complex to bring the world into disaster.But this time it will not work as the time for wars is over, and peace loving people and people who represent the new man are working against this kind of aggression.
Augustine of Hippo|People travel to wonder at the height of the mountains, at the huge waves of the seas,at the long course of the rivers,at the vast compass of the ocean,at the circular motion of the stars,and yet they pass by themselves without wondering. 
Wisława Szymborska, Monologue of a Dog|I am who I am.A coincidence no less unthinkablethan any other.I could have had differentancestors, after all.I could have flutteredfrom another nestor crawled bescaledfrom under another tree.Nature's wardrobeholds a fair supply of costumes:spider, seagull, field mouse.Each fits perfectly right offand is dutifully worninto shreds.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Suffering is the condition on which we live. And when it comes you know it. You know it as the truth. Of course it's right to cure diseases, to prevent hunger and injustice, as the social organism does. But no society can change the nature of its existence. We can't prevent suffering. This pain and that pain, yes, but not Pain. A society can only relieve social suffering - unnecessary suffering. The rest remains. The root, the reality.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|And ever, as the story drainedThe wells of fancy dry,And faintly strove that weary oneTo put the subject by,"The rest next time--" "It is next time!"The Happy voice cry.Thus grew the tale of Wonderland
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|I am like the H2O in a lake. Some drink it at one place and call it “water”, others at another place and call it “jal”, and some others at a third place and call it “pani”. The Christians call it “water”, the Hindus “jal”, and the Muslims ”pani”. But it is one and the same thing. I am not tied to the doctrines of any church, synagogue, temple or mosque, yet I am the reason of their birth.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to renew your mind, read.
Sujit Meher|People that don't know me, they might think i'm no one, but I let no one to tell me who I am, but me.
Jonathan Sacks|Freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and freedom of religion all have a double aspect - freedom of thought and freedom of action.
Ally Condie, Matched|at first when the rain fell from the sky so wide and deepit smelled like sage, my favorite smellI went up on the plateau to watch it cometo see the gifts it always broughtbut this rain changed from blue to black and leftnothing.
Hermann Weyl, Levels of Infinity: Selected Writings on Mathematics and Philosophy|We are not told, or not told early enough so that it sinks in, that mathematics is a language, and that we can learn it like any other, including our own. We have to learn our own language twice, first when we learn to speak it, second when we learn to read it. Fortunately, mathematics has to be learned only once, since it is almost wholly a written language.
Jacques Derrida, Dissemination|A text is not a text unless it hides from the first comer, from the first glance, the law of its composition and the rules of its game. A text remains, moreover, forever imperceptible. Its laws and rules are not, however, harbored in the inaccessibility of a secret; it is simply that they can never be booked, in the present, into anything that could rigorously be called a perception.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|Indra believed that the birth of each of her sons had been accompanied by a sign... With Sarva, overnight her cascading black hair showed a thick clutch of grey. He was the child she would struggle most with.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|I believe one of the most important reasons I am here today is to practice forgiveness and to learn the power of it as a gift to others and myself. By focusing on forgiveness in my life today, I am promoting my healing and lessening my regrets.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Laughter comes later, like wisdom teeth. And laughter at yourself comes last of all in a mad race with death. And sometimes, it isn't in time.
Lisa Lampanelli|The thing is, in the dating profiles it says 'spiritual,' but not with a specific religion. And so I pretty much try to meditate, but I have a very hard time concentrating on things other than me.
bell hooks, Wounds of Passion: A Writing Life|Soon, he would become an adult. And when he did, there would be not going back because adulthood was akin to what his father had once said about being a war hero: one you became one, you died one.
Napoleon Bonaparte|Pleasure without God, without the sacred boundaries, will actually leave you emptier than before. And this is biblical truth, this is experiential truth. The loneliest people in the world are amongst the wealthiest and most famous who found no boundaries within which to live. That is a fact I've seen again and again.
Kelly Moran, Exposure|I look at you and my heart pounds, when for years, I don't think it beat at all. You fill the cracks and crevices, take away the emptiness. And when you're not by my side, the loss is unimaginable.
Florence Welch|For someone so conflicted, who am I to give advice to anybody? It’s such a funny, grandiose idea
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|Christ must be born from every soul, formed in every life. If we had a picture of Our Lady's personality we might be dazzled into thinking that only one sort of person could form Christ in himself, and we should miss the meaning of our own being.Nothing but things essential for us are revealed to us about the Mother of God: the fact that she was wed to the Holy Spirit and bore Christ into the world.Our crowning joy is that she did this as a lay person and through the ordinary daily life that we all live; through natural love made supernatural, as the water at Cana was, at her request, turned into wine.
T. D. Jakes|When I arrived in France aged 20, I marched against the death penalty, which was an unpopular thing to protest against at the time.
Jasmine Sandozz, Thoughts of a Burning Heart|Self-love is the best love, and you're the only one who gives it.
Heather Demetrios, Something Real|He looks like the kind of boy who would jump trains, strum guitars, and pass a joint.
Walter Mosley, Debbie Doesn't Do It Anymore|It hurts when they're gone. And it doesn't matter if it's slow or fast, whether it's a long drawn-out disease or an unexpected accident. When they're gone the world turns upside down and you're left holding on, trying not to fall off.
Thomas Merton, The Seven Storey Mountain|I was entering into a moral universe in which I would be related to every other rational being, and in which whole masses of us, as thick as swarming bees, would drag one another along towards some common end of good or evil, peace or war.
Amelia Hutchins, Taunting Destiny|I told you that I would protect you. Even if you don't want me to," he whispered, moving closer and pulling me against him. "Some things are worth protecting
Nikki Rowe|For some women, they need a man. For others, men need them.
Francis Thompson|There has fallen a splendid tearFrom the passion-flower at the gate.She is coming, my dove, my dear;She is coming, my life, my fate.The red rose cries, "She is near, she is near;"And the white rose weeps, "She is late;"The larkspur listens, "I hear, I hear;"And the lily whispers, "I wait."She is coming, my own, my sweet;Were it ever so airy a tread,My heart would hear her and beat,Were it earth in an earthy bed;My dust would hear her and beat,Had I lain for a century dead,Would start and tremble under her feet,And blossom in purple and red.
Jerry Garcia|In the name of Allah, Most Gracious, most Merciful. Praise be to AllahThe Cherisher and Sustainer of the Worlds: Most Gracious, Most Merciful; Master of the Day of Judgment. (First Chapter from the Quran, Al Fatiha, which every Muslim prayer contains and begins with, but in Arabic)
L.A. Casey, Alec|Kissing Travis was like licking raw cookie dough off the spoon; it might be bad for her, but it was too delicious to care.
James Mattis|Throughout history, when societies face tough economic times, we have seen democratic reforms deferred, decreased trust in government, persecution of minority groups, and a general shrinking of the democratic space.
Meagan Spooner, Hunted|None of this was what held Yeva's gaze. Because in the bottom of the valley, straddling the river nestled in the foothills, was a castle.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I have been wrongly accused; and you, ma'am, and everybody else, will now think me wicked.""We shall think you what you prove yourself to be, my child. Continue to act as a good girl, and you will satisfy us.
Catherine Fisher, Sapphique|The Art Magicke has rules. It means I have to teach you all my tricks. All the substitutions, the replications, the illusions. How to read minds and palms and leaves. How to disappear and reappear."How to saw people in half?""That too.""Nice.
|Far too many people hunger and hope for different outcomes, but never willing to do things differently.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|This was one of the casualties of war, that trust itself seemed to die a thousand deaths.
Ryan Lilly|Business ideas are like those flying dragons in Avatar. First you have to find one, let it choose you, then be brave enough to ride it.
Pearl S. Buck|I think men, growing up, you have to go through some form of hardship. You've got to harden the metal.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|They’re my peace offering for starting over. I gave you one once before, only to deceive you in the most unimaginable way. But not this time, this time, I assure you, my intentions are pure.”“So, you’re not trying to seduce me?” I asked, only to prolong what I knew was coming. I wasn’t sure I was ready for it. His lids were getting heavy and I could feel the sexual tension building between us. There was a gentle pressure at the back of my neck, pulling me closer, his face so close I could smell the wine we shared on his breath. “I said my intentions were pure. That doesn’t mean I don’t intend to seduce you, Cassie.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Emile or On Education|Among the many short cuts to science, we badly need someone to teach us the art of learning with difficulty.
Heather Graham, A Magical Christmas|Men under stress are fools, and fool themselves.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Goes to Washington|She crooned in his head. Honey, I'm so proud of you for not killing anybody.His gaze flashed to hers, and that flat, assessing expression vanished as he laughed. Squeezing her fingers, he told her, Week's not over yet.
Michael Jordan|Doing stunt work is risky, but it's something I enjoy.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|How can you stand apart from the herd? How can you start to be noticed so people will remember you? How can you be heard above the noise? “What is your personal branding that makes you special, unique, individual, and memorable?
Solange nicole|I am an artist. Any artist knows that their creations, their pieces must express an array of human emotion and experience. From the juvenile and innocent, to the erotic and the dangerous, and everything in between. Because Life is all of these things and more. It is the artist's divine purpose to reflect what Experience has shown them and others. What truly sets us apart from each other is whether or not we truly know ourselves enough to reflect objectively; but, through our own unique 'voice'.
Sunday Adelaja|We stand the risk of a standstill, because you refused to take risks. So life demands risks.
C.J. Butler|We live in a terrible world, "happiness" is defined by how lucky you are in society, let me say this; out of life experiences spanning throughout my 19-20 years of my life, I learned that life is unfair, but ironically, every time I TRY to do something right, it gets spit back in my f###### face. In short, even though it may sound depressing or negative, in life, it is desperately not fair, nothing will be happy or normal and if something happens that you thought shouldn't or cant, it's going to happen anyway, the truth is the truth, and the truth hurts, deal with it, and sometimes nothing will ever get better from there ever again, deal with it.
Laurel Clark|Bodily discomfort and emotional fear and attachment make the dying uncomfortable and fearful. So, to help those dying people, I think modern medical science has a lot of facilities to reduce pain, or perhaps not to reduce pain, but not to experience pain.
Victoria Clayton, Clouds among the Stars|Whatever you are, do not even assume that you will be surrounded and gnawed by luxurious worms of an exquisite breed.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|These were the lovely bones that had grown around my absence: the connections-sometimes tenuous, sometimes made at great cost, but often magnificent-that happened after I was gone. And I began to see things in a way that let me hold the world without me in it. The events that my death wrought were merely the bones of a body that would become whole at some unpredictable time in the future. The price of what I came to see as this miraculous body had been my life.
Marcus Buckingham, First, Break All the Rules: What the World's Greatest Managers Do Differently|I had no ability, but I was determined to show heart.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Perfection of character is this: to live each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, without apathy, without pretence.
Rush Limbaugh|When I was young, I observed that nine out of ten things I did were failures. So I did ten times more work.
Steven Magee|ASTRO-GYMNASTICSGo on a starlit night, stand on your head,leave your feet dangling outwards into space,and let the starry firmament you treadbe, for the moment, your elected base.Feel Earth's colossal weight of ice and granite,of molten magma, water, iron, and lead;and briefly hold this strangely solid planetbalanced upon your strangely solid head.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Through the many years of what I thought was 'searching', was really the process of 'awakening'.
G.A. Aiken, What a Dragon Should Know|It wasn’t the first time he’d run for his life. And it most likely wouldnot be the last. In the past few decades, though, he’d mostly run fromangry fathers who’d found him where they felt he should not be. Or he’drun from town guards—sent by angry fathers who’d found him where theyfelt he should not be.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|The only thing I’d understand right from the very beginning was that our love was supported by loneliness. That neither one of us could haul ourselves up out of the deadly numbness we felt when we lay together, so silent, in darkness so isolating it seemed to shine. This was the edge of night.
Jen Pollock Michel, Teach Us to Want: Longing, Ambition & the Life of Faith|Just do the right thing for the next 15 minutes." And Dugger's guideline for dealing with infidelity and transition one step at a time.
Asa Hutchinson|Because in the school of the Spirit man learns wisdom through humility, knowledge by forgetting, how to speak by silence, how to live by dying.
Orson Scott Card|...What I depend on is a vigorous audience that can discover sweetness and light, beauty and truth, beyond the ability of the artist, on his own, to create them.
Itzik Amiel|Where Attention Goes, Energy Flows
Susan C. Young|Have you made a choice in your past which was right at the time, but once you had a chance to think about it, you wished you could reverse your decision or amend it? Rethinking gives you permission to use your thoughts to change your mind. Take what is and spin it around to give you a new review and fresh perspective.
Edward Lewis Wallant|He stole glances at the heathen faces of Bodien and Gaylord, the suffering, yet oddly consoled, eyes and mouth of Basellecci, noting the brave enthusiasm of men who had never dreamed of anything very definite, and it occurred to him through the reek of his person that there was only one hope for him, and for all people who had lost, through intelligence, the hope of immortality. "We must love and delight in each other and in ourselves!" he cried.
Jeremy Lin|If we had any nerve at all, if we had any real balls as a society, or whatever you need, whatever quality you need, real character, we would make an effort to really address the wrongs in this society, righteously.
Kamand Kojouri|I've written you sixty-seven love poems.Here’s another one for you.But really, for me.These poems are the candles that I light with the fire you have ignited in me.I place this candle here and another thereso even if the stars have argued with the moonand are sulking away in a corner, you can still find your way to me.Sixty-eight poems now. What does the future hold for us?Joy? Disappointment? Gentle caresses? And subtle neglect?I hope the good is more than the bad. Much more. For what is the point of loveif by lighting these candlesour own flame loses its brightness?I know the good is more than the bad. Much more.I cannot wait to write you sixty-nine.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|A good coach can be a caring parent, a wise teacher, an exemplary pastor, a passionate friend or a devoted mentor. Keep in touch with all of them especially at the time they are needed.
Lorde, Lorde - Pure Heroine Songbook|It's a long way to the top, If you wanna rock n' roll
Haritha Velpureddy|We follow the rules of Jungle.survival, survival, survival.
Molly Ivins|The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency.
Warren Buffett|Fear tends to manifest itself much more quickly than greed, so volatile markets tend to be on the downside. In up markets, volatility tends to gradually decline.
Karin Rahbek, Do I Have To Be A Mother?: A Childfree Woman's Struggle with Doubt and Loneliness|What is it that causes us to fall in love? We are met with those first, initial glimpses-- a kind of curiosity, a longing for that which is both familiar and unknown in the other. And then comes the surprise of discovery; we share certain aspirations, certain appreciations, and that which is different excites us. Before each other, we are moved to bravery and we come to reveal more and more of ourselves, and when we do, those very traits that caused us some embarrassment or shame become beautiful in ways we did not understand before, and the entire world becomes more beautiful for it. There are, too, those intimate and nearly primitive stirrings, the scent of the neck, the delicious tremble of skin and breath. Yet for all their pleasures, they are as tenuous as light and air, and demand no fidelity.And then there is this: Does not love depend on some belief in the future, some expectation beyond the delight of the moment? We fall in love because we imagine a certain life together. We will marry. We will laugh and dance together. We will have children.When expectation falls to ruins, what is there left for love?
K.C. Beaumont, Silver Shorts 2013, January|Any idea why there is a giant penis made out of snow in our front yard?"Instead of an answer, I was rewarded with a face full of graham cracker cereal and milk." - from Of Cheerleaders and Gingers
Sandra Day O'Connor|I had to understand the whole bounty hunting thing, because we don't have that in Venezuela. Nothing similar at all, at least not legal.
Os Guinness, The Call: Finding and Fulfilling the Central Purpose of Your Life|We are not wise enough, pure enough, or strong enough to aim and sustain such a single motive over a lifetime. That way lies fanaticism or failure. But if the single motive is the master motivation of God's calling, the answer is yes. In any and all situations, both today and tomorrow's tomorrow, God's call to us is the unchanging and ultimate whence, what, why, and whither of our lives. Calling is a 'yes' to God that carries a 'no' to the chaos of modern demands. Calling is the key to tracing the story line of our lives and unriddling the meaning of our existence in a chaotic world.
Charles R. Swindoll|Life...as God intended it enables us to live above the drag of fear, superstition, shame, pessimism, guilt, anxiety, worry, and all the negativity that keeps people from seizing each day as a gift from Him.
H.P. Lovecraft, Nemesis|I do know that for the sympathy of one living being, I would make peace with all. I have love in me the likes of which you can scarcely imagine and rage the likes of which you would not believe. If I cannot satisfy the one, I will indulge the other.
Angela Bowie|The truth is that our way of celebrating the Christmas season does spring from myriad cultures and sources, from St. Nicholas to Coca-Cola advertising campaigns.
Cheryl Rainfield, Stained|I know I'm not to blame for what he did. And I know, too, that I am strong inside--stronger than I ever realized.
Robert M. Drake|The chaos in me is the chaos in you. Like the love in you is the love in me. So maybe we’re both a little crazy. Enough to believe we’re found where dreams are born and beneath our faults remain a science, where you and I will run away and leave nothing behind.
Larry Hogan|All my life, my girlfriends are always skinny. Beauty in art has nothing to do with beauty in reality. Why do you like primitive art? Because there is beauty in the deformity. Sometimes paintings that people consider realistic are not at all. Raphael figures look realistic, but in real life, they were deformed.
Kresley Cole, Poison Princess|When Matthew merely stared at him, Jackson reached into the weapon box and pulled out a sheathed machete, handing it to the boy.Matthew laughed and dropped it.
Hélène Cixous|Women must write through their bodies, they must invent the impregnable language that will wreck partitions, classes, and rhetorics, regulations and codes, they must submerge, cut through, get beyond the ultimate reverse-discourse, including the one that laughs at the very idea of pronouncing the word "silence"...In one another we will never be lacking.
Anthony Powell, Books Do Furnish a Room|Trapnel wanted, among other things, to be a writer, a dandy, a lover, a comrade, an eccentric, a sage, a virtuoso, a good chap, a man of honour, a hard case, a spendthrift, an opportunist, a raisonneur; to be very rich, to be very poor, to possess a thousand mistresses, to win the heart of one love to whom he was ever faithful, to be on the best of terms with all men, to avenge savagely the lightest affront, to live to a hundred full of years and honour, to die young and unknown but recognized the following day as the most neglected genius of the age. Each of these ambitions had something to recommend it from one angle or another, with the possible exception of being poor - the only aim Trapnel achieved with unqualified mastery - and even being poor, as Trapnel himself asserted, gave the right to speak categorically when poverty was discussed by people like Evadne Clapham.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|What I am interested in, what I write and care about, exists in the slow lane, somewhere between hand-ploughed fields and a pint of real ale.
James Lusarde, The Lady Loves to Strip|Lust fades after climax, love lasts until breakfast!
Theodore Roosevelt, The Rough Riders|Servers moved among the guests with trays of hors d'oeuvres and the signature cocktail, champagne with a honey infused liqueur and a delicate spiral twist of lemon.The banquet was bursting with color and flavor- flower-sprinkled salads, savory chili roasted salmon, honey glazed ribs, just-harvested sweet corn, lush tomatoes and berries, artisan cheeses. Everything had been harvested within a fifty-mile radius of Bella Vista.The cake was exactly what Tess had requested, a gorgeous tower of sweetness. Tess offered a gracious speech as she and Dominic cut the first slices. "I've come a long way from the city girl who subsisted on Red Bull and microwave burritos," she said. "There's quite a list of people to thank for that- my wonderful mother, my grandfather and my beautiful sister who created this place of celebration. Most of all, I'm grateful to Dominic." She turned to him, offering the first piece on a yellow china plate. "You're my heart, and there is no sweeter feeling than the love we share. Not even this cake. Wait, that might be overstating it. Everyone, be sure you taste this cake. It's one of Isabel's best recipes.
saransh garg|Work as if there's no one to help you, and learn as if everybody is with you.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|Every summer there are a number of nights, not many, but a number, when everything is perfect. The light, the warmth, the smells, the mist, the birdsong – the moths. Who can sleep? Who wants to?
Noam Chomsky|If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|To wish was to hope, and to hope was to expect
Clifford Stoll|Knowledge of the self is the mother of all knowledge. So it is incumbent on me to know my self, to know it completely, to know its minutiae, its characteristics, its subtleties, and its very atoms.
Morihei Ueshiba|I know of no safe depository of the ultimate powers of the society but the people themselves; and if we think them not enlightened enough to exercise their control with a wholesome discretion, the remedy is not to take it from them but to inform their discretion.
Ravi Zacharias, The Grand Weaver: How God Shapes Us Through the Events of Our Lives|We are all priests before God, there is no such distinction as 'secular or sacred.' In fact, the opposite of sacred is not secular; the opposite of sacred is profane. In short, no follower of Christ does secular work. We all have a sacred calling.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|The world will give you that once in awhile, a brief timeout; the boxing bell rings and you go to your corner, where somebody dabs mercy on your beat-up life.
Gina Gershon|In a sad twist of fate, the bill to reauthorize the Patriot Act was debated on the floor of the House of Representatives the same day that terrorists struck again.
J Anderson Coats, Wicked and the Just|Hold mirth tight against your breast, but answer every injury with bladed heart.
Alice Hoffman, Survival Lessons|In the presence of Esch, values have hidden their faces. Order, loyalty, sacrifice—he cherishes all these words, but exactly what do they represent? Sacrifice for what? Demand what sort of order? He doesn't know.If a value has lost its concrete content, what is left of it? A mere empty form; an imperative that goes unheeded and, all the more furious, demands to be heard and obeyed. The less Esch knows what he wants, the more furiously he wants it. Esch: the fanaticism of the era with no God. Because all values have hidden their faces, anything can be considered a value. Justice, order—Esch seeks them now in the trade union struggle, then in religion; today in police power, tomorrow in the mirage of America, where he dreams of emigrating. He could be a terrorist or a repentant terrorist turning in his comrades, or a party militant or a cult member a kamikaze prepared to sacrifice his life. All the passions rampaging through the bloody history of our time are taken up, unmasked, and terrifyingly displayed in Esch's modest adventure.
Arthur Erickson|Inspiration in Science may have to do with ideas, but not in Art. In art it is in the senses that are instinctively responsive to the medium of expression.
James Blunt|It is true that the Internet can be used to disseminate falsehoods quickly, but it just as quickly roots them out and exposes them in a way that the traditional model of journalism and its closed, insular, one-way form of communication could never do.
Nick Cave|Moving to the country is a very bold thing to do. You can have vague romantic notions about doing that, but in actuality, it can be a terrifying thing.
Greg Gutfeld|If you travel too often, you actually come face-to-face with what you're trying to escape. I feel like when I travel alone, sometimes it's like being locked in a hotel room with my own worst enemy.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|There is an art to Noavek bullshit," Cyra said as she muted the feed. "We're taught it from birth.
Armaan Malik|I am a very romantic person, and I love 'love' - however cheesy that sounds!
Cheryl Rainfield, Stained|If I want to get out of here, I have to be the one to save myself.
Scifurz|If I can create something unique in the world, so can you.
Kristen Ashley, Knight|It's possible to save oneself from Satan, Father Francis, but from men—never!
Akiroq Brost|I laugh at myself. It's so important to laugh at yourself. Have a little heart chuckle, cry a few tears. It's OK! Don't apologize for being you. Just be you. Be true to who you are and who you want to be!
Melody Beattie|Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
Beck Anderson, Use Somebody|What prince wouldn’t make a country girl a little restless? Those eyes, that mouth, the broad chest, were a royal combination unlike any other. He only held power over her if she let him, though. He brushed his teeth just like every other person. Put on his shoes one foot at a time.	Prince Theo was just extraordinarily normal.	And she could handle him and her story.	Probably.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese by Elizabeth Barrett Browning: Plus Sonnets from the Porte-Cochere by S. H. Bass|Alas, I have grieved so I am hard to love.
Craig Lancaster, 600 Hours of Edward|There were relatives of their victims among the Hogwarts students, who now found themselves the unwilling objects of a gruesome sort of reflected fame as they walked the corridors: Susan Bones, whose uncle, aunt, and cousins had all died at the hands of one of the ten, said miserably during Herbology that she now had a good idea what it felt like to be Harry."And I don't know how you stand it- it's horrible" she said bluntly.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-deception and vanity are grievous sin. The ego is the cause of all human suffering. We suffer from life only when we fail to examine the cause of our sorrow. Letting go of destructive illusions and freeing oneself from egotism of self-pity enables a person to sense the rich intertexture of their inner world, which is the only facet of reality that we exercise exclusive dominion and control.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|When I was on the streets thugging, I wanted loyal people around me. I made my crew aware if you’re going to bleed, I will bleed, too. If we have to go to prison, then we are going to prison together. But one thing about us: if someone is locked up in prison, whatever it takes, we gon’ get that person out. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand membersThugging, loyalty, prison, Rebellion Raiders, gangbanging, street life, gang life, support, togetherness, unity, lock up, When I was on the streets thugging, I wanted loyal people around me. I made my crew aware if you’re going to bleed, I will bleed, too. If we have to go to prison, then we are going to prison together. But one thing about us: if someone is locked up in prison, whatever it takes, we gon’ get that person out. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Mike Thaggard|If time stood still for a moment, what would you be grateful for? And will it be enough to allow time to have meaning when it begins?
Helmut Thielicke, A Little Exercise for Young Theologians|And so they easily suppose that this truce, owing to helplessness, is victory and that they have convinced the other man. But in fact, instead of winning him over, they have merely applied a kind of shock therapy — only it was never 'therapy.' They have smothered the first little flame of a man’s own spiritual life and a first shy question with the fire extinguisher of their erudition. By such performances a person can really be smothered and strangled!
Scott Westerfeld, Uglies|When she awoke, the world was on fire.
Sunday Adelaja|I made up my mind that not only would I become a millionaire, but that I would also raise up millionaires from members of my church
Mehmet Murat ildan|A passive mindset "manages" to live with mediocre, but an active mindset "leads" to change until excellence results.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|It was long past midnight. Laura's music played on. It was composed in the language of stars, tinkling in a crystal pool suspended from constellations. She used chimes now and then, the chimes that characterized every patio in Arizona, the piano, the trees combed by wind. A prelude to a storm. It was like discovering the secret room in a dream of your house that holds all the magic. It was music I wished I lived inside. Around us, cactus, hills filled with jumping cholla, the heat of August like another animal heaving over us.
Moby|I've spent half my life in gyms, if not more, and I love physical fitness and health; couple that with the fact that I love for people to be healthy, whether it's mentally, physically, or emotionally, and it's just a great opportunity for me to do something I love and have an impact on people's health.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Why, human thought is a real element, a real force, darting out like electricity from every man's or woman's mind, injuring or relieving, killing or curing, building fortunes or tearing them down, working for good or ill, every moment, night or day, asleep or awake, carving, moulding and shaping people's faces and making them ugly or agreeable.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|Of course, in a novel, people’s hearts break, and they die, and that is the end of it; and in a story this is very convenient. But in real life we do not die when all that makes life bright dies to us. There is a most busy and important round of eating, drinking, dressing, walking, visiting, buying, selling, talking, reading, and all that makes up what is commonly called living, yet to be gone through…
Michael Bassey Johnson|When you feel that life has nothing to offer you, then offer your greatness for the humanity.
Charles Stanley|When people are lame, they love to blame.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|There is a great difference between a gift given freely, and one that's meant to tie you to a man.
Alice Duer Miller, Are Women People? a Book of Rhymes for Suffrage Times|Don't tell me I'm "too tall" just because my height happens to threaten your rather fragile sense of masculinity. The fact that men cannot look down upon women who are taller than them is the very reason that many men find tall women so intimidating.
Christian Bauman|Literature simply becomes richer after you've been fired, rejected, stranded, or had to change a few midnight diapers.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Harry, you wonderful boy, you brave, brave man.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|they (who by their very nature are impatient) fling themselves at each other when love takes hold of them, they scatter themselves, just as they are, in all their messiness, disorder, bewilderment. And what can happen then? What can life do with this heap of half-broken things that they call their communion and that they would like to call their happiness, if that were possible, and their future? And so each of them loses himself for the sake of the other person, and loses the other, and many others who still wanted to come.
Hugh Laurie|When we are impatient, we are neither reverential nor reflective because we are too self-centered. Whereas faith and patience are companions, so are selfishness and impatience. It is so easy to be confrontive without being informative; so easy to be indignant without being intelligent; so easy to be impulsive without being insightful. It is so easy to command others when we are not in control of ourselves.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Reduce the light, increase the concentration!
Ehsan Sehgal|Don't dream to lead the people while you can't care, even about your neighbours.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|I wish I had the power to tell them that the despair of their hearts was not to be final, and their night was not without hope. For the battle they lost can never be lost. For that which they died to save can never perish. Through all the darkness, through all the shame of which men are capable, the spirit of man will remain alive on this earth. It may sleep, but it will awaken. It may wear chains, but it will break through. And man will go on.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|Fallon, I’m worked up so damn tight. I’m going to kiss you now and I’m not sorry.
Cassandra Clare, The Whitechapel Fiend|Myths do not happen all at once. They do not spring forth whole into the world. They form slowly, rolled between the hands of time until their edges smooth, until the saying of the story gives enough weight to the words—to the memories—to keep them rolling on their own. But all stories start somewhere, and that night, as Rhy Maresh walked through the streets of London, a new myth was taking shape.
Sarvesh Jain, Naked Wisdom of the child|If you’re too afraid to make mistakes and blunders, then better stay at your 6 by 6 cell and follow the one who is ready to make.
Stefan Collini|Good work, like good talk or any other form of worthwhile human relationship, depends upon being able to assume an extended shared world.
David Grann, The Lost City of Z: A Tale of Deadly Obsession in the Amazon|When a lady condescends to apologise, there is no keeping one’s anger.
Arthur C. Clarke, Childhood's End|Science can destroy religion by ignoring it as well as by disproving its tenets. No one ever demonstrated, so far as I am aware, the nonexistence of Zeus or Thor, but they have few followers now.
Isabel Yosito|Faith makes all evil good to us, and all good better; unbelief makes all good evil, and all evil worse. Faith laughs at the shaking of the spear; unbelief trembles at the shaking of a leaf.
Michael Spehn, The Color of Rain: How Two Families Found Faith, Hope, and   Love in the Midst of Tragedy|Decide to be fine until the end of the week. Make yourself smile, because you're alive and that's your job. Then do it again the next week. I call it being professional. Do it right, with a smile, or don't do it.
Wendy Mass, Every Soul a Star|There's a rebel lying deep in my soul. Anytime anybody tells me the trend is such and such, I go the opposite direction. I hate the idea of trends. I hate imitation; I have a reverence for individuality.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|As an applicant, you need to show recruiters that you have the skills, experience and knowledge that they need, and provide the evidence of this in a tailored application.
Cate Blanchett|When I go back to Texas, I travel the state, and I see people all the time who come up to me, men and women across Texas, and they grab me by the shoulder, and they're afraid. They say, 'Ted, you know, I just lost my health insurance. I got a child with diabetes. I'm scared. Please stop this from happening.'
Courtt|Good, stupid high school boys aren't worth It" She throws an arm over my shoulder. "They're trained to like a certain type of girl, with highlights and pretty nails- the kind who are good at remembering to put on lotion every morning after they shower." She smiles like she's got a dirty secret. "And let's face it..... sluts.
Roshani Chokshi, The Vishakanya's Choice|Be savagely thankful, and continuously in awe of the power you possess. You are alive. Inside of an endless cosmos with the freedom that shines brightest in the dark.. Choices. Your choices belong to you so intimately, that they will never leave you. They, unlike the changing nature of love, where the failing machinery of our bodies will never abandon you to time. Good or bad, they will stay always. An antique that shows the future who you were and what you stood for. So know that what you choose to stand for, is what will inform you of what you've chosen to stand against, so stand. Let each foot crash land into what you believe, and plant them they're firmly so they may take root in your convictions. And stand.
Julie Kagawa, The Eternity Cure|The tears were back, stinging just behind my eyes. There was blood all over my penguins. I didn't give a damn about the walls and carpet. They could be replaced, but I'd collected those damned stuffed toys over years.
Larry Niven|I just looked at the pattern of my life, decided I didn't like it, and changed.
Chris Wooding, Retribution Falls|I took another draught and my mouth was awash again in a riptide of bitter, bubbly, CO2 eruptions and the fruity splash of malted barley. What a sensation! I wasn't sure if I liked it at first, but by bottle's end I was a dedicated fan.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Everything is possible to god, even your success
Ramesh Lohia and Pavan Lohia|Many people who could not give their best because they were denied the opportunity. We must harness the capabilities of each person to encourage organizational success.” Ramesh Lohia and Pavan Lohia, Consultants, iSixSigmaKaizenPublished in Quality Quotes, Jun 7, 2016, Knowledge Center, ASQ [ AMERICAN SOCIETY FOR QUALITY]
Ymatruz, The Coffee Cries Foul|You see, at young age I had known how bitter taste like and it all started with a cup of brewed coffee.
Zoe Whittall, Bottle Rocket Hearts|She rubbed the skin off your headstone of a sternum and painted a sad picture of herself in your eyes. We fell in love with that little peep-show projection on the inside of an iris, pictures that amount to nothing more than the thirsty moon over a spot of bloody ground. Those weren’t the nothings we restless sleepwalkers knew, no place no home no song. So we heard her and we followed until she went where we couldn't follow.She went down beyond the mountains and disappeared between the crease of sky and land, like a great eyelid folding shut. No one knows what happened out in the Black Hills, but I imagine she lies buried in a rusty coffin under the stars. And on nights when the desert crickets sing her tune, they say one day she will rise again. On that day, there is no telling the kind of vengeance she'll demand of us. Fair is fair.They say when she fell from Heaven she wore a crown of jagged stars that slit the skies throat. They say she loved them all, in the secret corners of their shallow sleep. Strangers, at the last. They say a lot of things. They’re all lies. Everything is already written.
Henry Giroux|Social services, not wealth per se, seem to be the key to lower birth rates. The Chinese, although among the poorest peoples of the world, have brought their fertility rate down to 2.4, partly by social coercion, but mostly by broadly available education, health care and family planning.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|There are certain lesson you pick up gradually as you go, letting them accumulate after a series of similar mistakes or experiences until you finally realize you've been a fool al along. And then there are lessons that are so massive they smack you in the face - you don't reflect on a period of your life and realize, 'Oh, I learned something then'; you know it's happening when it's happening. The importance of kindness - which extends far beyond 'please,' 'thank you,' and 'your hair doesn't look bad today' - is a combination of both: Over and over in my life, I've been bowled over by how kind people can be, and how that kindness can change your outlook.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more we understand the simplicity of life, the less complex we shall live.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Even if there were no heaven and there were no hell, would you still follow Jesus? Would you follow him for the life, joy and fulfilment he gives you right now?
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|They probably don't really like pale skin but they certainly like walking into a store without some security dude following them. Hating Your Goy and Eating One Too, as the great Philip Roth put it. So if everyone in America aspires to be WASPs, then what do WASPs aspire to? Does anyone know?
Akshay Vasu|The greatest sin you can ever commit is to break a soul, which was already broken but still chose to trust you.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|It is man's unique privilege, among all other organisms. By pursuing falsehood you will arrive at the truth!
Danail Hristov, The End of the Jesus Era|Justice requires not only the ceasing and desisting of injustice but also requires either punishment or reparation for injuries and damages inflicted for prior wrongdoing. The essence of justice is the redistribution of gains earned through the perpetration of injustice. If restitution is not made and reparations not instituted to compensate for prior injustices, those injustices are in effect rewarded. And the benefits such rewards conferred on the perpetrators of injustice will continue to "draw interest," to be reinvested, and to be passed on to their children, who will use their inherited advantages to continue to exploit the children of the victims of the injustices of their ancestors. Consequently, injustice and inequality will be maintained across the generations as will their deleterious social, economic, and political outcomes.
Patricia MacLachlan, The Poet's Dog|Dogs speak words, but only poets and children Hear.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Sleeping was her latest discovery. 'It's so wonderful. One simply shuts one's eyes, that's all. It's so delicious.
Alexander Zalan, Inspiration Per Moment|Sometimes I really want to lease a suite in a Davy Jones’s Locker and spend several hours, being immersed in reminiscence and exultation. All the gadgets and cell phone connection won’t work there, it could be the most cherished and long-awaited moment. But with the tremendous pace of life and daily miseries I simply cannot afford even this instant. It’s so trite and rueful.
Shon Mehta|Calling someone equally as anxious on the phone makes you feel less alone. Sometimes the best thing to hear is not "Don't worry, it's going to be okay" but actually "Tell me about it! The whole world is going to explode and I haven't slept for weeks. Now let me tell you about my specific fears of small boats and big businesses!
Kaal Kaczmarek, Cousin Felicity and the Eels of Misty Point|Sir, he hath not fed of the dainties that are bred in a book; He hath not eat paper, as it were; he hath not drunk ink; his intellect is not replenished; he is only an animal, only sensible in the duller parts... (Act IV, Scene II)
Paul Lynch, Grace|Daylight tricks you into thinking what you see is truth, lets you go through life thinking you know everything. But the truth is we are sleepwalkers. We walk through the night that is chaos and dark and forever keeps its truth to itself.
Salma Hayek|We tend to think of age only in time, but I don't think it has much to do with time at all; there's a whole load of other things. I've met 16-year-olds who are old and 90-year-olds who are young.
Graham Worthington, Zorn: A Legend of the Days to Come|Write what is important to you, regardless of fashion or marketability or anything like that – all those things are so far out of your control that you may as well not think about them. Of course, this may mean you’ll never be published but that’s a risk we all take every single time we set hands to keyboard or pen to paper. For me, if I can sit back at the end of a project and say, ‘yes, I stayed honest, I said what I wanted to say, and I made it sing to the best of my ability’, then I’m happy enough. Of course, if anyone wants to buy the damned thing off me when I’m done, that’s jam I won’t refuse.
Robert Bloch|Friendship is like peeing on yourself: everyone can see it, but only you get the warm feeling that it brings.
Boethius, The Consolation of Philosophy|Among wise men there is no place at all left for hatred. For no one except the greatest of fools would hate good men. And there is no reason at all for hating the bad. For just as weakness is a disease of the body, so wickedness is a disease of the mind. And if this is so, since we think of people who are sick in body as deserving sympathy rather than hatred, much more so do they deserve pity rather than blame who suffer an evil more severe than any physical illness.
Edwin Powell Hubble|Then I became a mother and it just fills every space, that isn't filled with something else important. It's just like this incredible balloon that blows up and fills life up.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|The word is like a seed, and the human mind is so fertile, but only for those kinds of seeds it is prepared for.
Richie Norton|You may forget the toys you buy and break, but you'll always remember the experiences and memories you create.
Alessandra Torre|Yet as the days went by and the pains in my feet subsided, I began to look back on my little adventure with a hint of fondness. When it comes to memories, it seems we all have an editor within who will—if it’ll make for a good story—revise the senseless into symbols, or rephrase miseries into warm memories.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, This World We Live In|Dastien ran his fingertips along my jawline "Je suis desole, mon amour.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Musgrave Ritual|A man always finds it hard to realize that he may have finally lost a woman's love, however badly he may have treated her.
William Shawcross, The Queen Mother: The Official Biography|After she married the Duke of York, she immediately transformed his life, bringing him love, understanding, sympathy and support for which he had always craved. She inspired him, she calmed him and she enabled him for the first time in his life to believe in himself. Her sense of humor awoke his own, her natural gaiety lightened him. Their marriage was a rare union in which each complemented and enhanced the other.
