Elizabeth Peters, Crocodile on the Sandbank|I disapprove of matrimony as a matter of principle.... Why should any independent, intelligent female choose to subject herself to the whims and tyrannies of a husband? I assure you, I have yet to meet a man as sensible as myself! (Amelia Peabody)
Richard Yates, Cold Spring Harbor|Dying for love might be pitiable, but it wasn't much different, finally, from any other kind of dying.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield, The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert: An English Professor's Journey Into Christian Faith|Salvation is the creation of new desires, not just new goodies.
Ruth Dugdall, The Sacrificial Man|...that realisation that I was the oddity, the statistical probability, life was predictable.
Matthew McConaughey|If I can give you one strong piece of advice, when you go away for that romantic weekend, whatever you do, do not accept or take the upgrade to the honeymoon suite.
Ally Carter, Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy|So I hear we get to go to town this weekend. Want to catch a movie or something?--ZP.S. That is, if Jimmy doesn't mind.Translation: This weekend might be a good chance for us to see each other outside our school in a social environment, free of competetiton. I do not view other boys as threats, and I enjoy making them seem insignificant by calling them the wrong names. (Translation by Macey McHenry)
Wordions|Wherever she went, he went, and almost without exception, she chose the direction that promised the most peril. Darius shook his head, and the corners of his mouth curved upward. If nothing else, at least she was consistent.
M.L. LeGette, The Unicorn Girl|What sort of attractions do you think lured our coreligionists out of the ghetto and into the mainstream of European culture? Was it the wit of Molière, or the ingenious stage mechanisms of Pixérécourt? Or was it simply the opportunity to cast an eye, without shame, upon the living, unclad human form?
Titus Lucretius Carus|Visible objects therefore do not perish utterly, since nature repairs one thing from another and allows nothing to be born without the aid of another's death.
Don Piper, 90 Minutes in Heaven: A True Story of Death and Life|You have not been put on earth for the devil to torment you, you have been put on this earth to torment the devil.
G.C. Julien|When all hope is lost, remember that light can be found even in the deepest of oceans.
Marguerite Duras, The Malady of Death|You think of outside your room, of the streets of the town, the lonely little squares over by the station, of those winter Saturdays all alike.
Harper Lee|My brother trolled recovery and support groups, searching for women with dependency issues, the way I frequented bookstores with the hope of finding a well-adjusted, intelligent woman. Between us, his record was more stellar, his sin more reprehensible; though, knowing my brother, he slept soundly through the night without ever experiencing the slightest remorse.
Sanhita Baruah|So when they win, it's their hard workAnd when they lose, it's their bad luck
Krishna Sagar|In algorithms, as in life, persistence usually pays off.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Assassin King|Sometimes, however, there is more than hope.Sometimes there is reason.
Madame de Stael|Love is, above all, the gift of oneself.
Thomas Frank, What's the Matter With Kansas?: How Conservatives Won the Heart of America|he saw in Populism the first glimmerings of some of the great intellectual upheavals of the twentieth century—naturalism, muckraking, and hard-hitting social satire—which would eventually topple the genteel tradition of the nineteenth century. In a peculiar way, Parrington seemed to think, Kansas was one of the birthplaces of literary modernism.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|An older dom snorted. “Atherton uses the word escort loosely. The last time someone messed with a trainee, he threw the guy across the bar. Strolled over, waited for the idiot to stand up, punched his lights out, and dragged him by his jacket collar out of the place. Escorted him, my ass. Didn’t even wrinkle that fancy suit.” He took a sip of his beer and added, “Atherton is invariably polite, but nobody in their right mind fucks with his trainees.
Louis Armand de Lom d'Arce Lahontan|Wisconsin doesn't look kindly on the weeks that slip in between the death of cold and the birth of warmth; Persephone may have left her husband, but she isn't home yet, and this is one state that'll be damned before it lets anyone forget it.
Bob Dylan|Sickness, insanity and death were the angels that surrounded my cradle and they have followed me throughout my life.
Jamie Scallion, Making It|What's wrong with all black?"Egg - Book 1 "Making it
Tahar ben Jelloun, The Sand Child|Pain, too, comes from depths that cannot be revealed. We do not know whether those depths are in ourselves or elsewhere, in a graveyard, in a scarcely dug grave, only recently inhabited by withered flesh. This truth, which is banal enough, unravels time and the face, holds up a mirror to me in which I cannot see myself without being overcome by a profound sadness that undermines one's whole being. The mirror has become the route through which my body reaches that state, in which it is crushed into the ground, digs a temporary grave, and allows itself to be drawn by the living roots that swarm beneath the stones. It is flattened beneath the weight of that immense sadness which few people have the privilege of knowing. So I avoid mirrors.
Amie Kaufman, Their Fractured Light|But we have seen how brightly light shines in the dark, how sweetly music fills the quiet. All these years you have known only shadow and silence, and we have so much to show you. To save you.We are all worth saving.We cannot ever know, not truly.But we have faith.
John    Rogers, Local Money: What Difference Does It Make?|Seventy times seven" is a medicine for a healing community, not for a community with all the answers beforehand and all the appropriate punishments afterwards.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Time is too short in this one life, to be able to do everything, but it definitely is long enough at least to be able to develop the will to do anything & everything...
Mary Shelly, Frankenstein|Isolation allows me to think more clearly, and I think out loud sometimes.After all, I wouldn't want to accuse anyone of plagiarism.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|Aye, though he loved her from his soul with such a self denying love as woman seldom wins; he spoke from first to last of Martin.
Prince William|In the Russian experience, although the Russian state is oppressive, it is their state, it is part of their fabric, and so the relation between Russian citizens and their state is complicated.
Tim O'Brien, Going After Cacciato|When you're asked to stay out of a bar you don't just punch the owner--you come back with your army and tear the place down, destroy the whole edifice and everything it stands for. No compromise. If a man gets wise, mash his face. If a woman snubs you, rape her. This is the thinking, if not the reality, behind the whole Hell's Angels act.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|Today I fed him right off the bat, and only checked Facebook twice.
Deborah Meyler, The Bookstore|Consider a situation where we refuse to pay attention to the less fortunate people in our neighbourhoods. If every single person in the elite of our society will take care of at least one child, most of the street kids would be taken care of. Yet, we act as if it is none of our business.
Bobby Sherman|I remember for my 18th birthday, I was going to get a tattoo, and I made the mistake of thinking I was a man and telling my father, and he was like, 'Oh yeah? You better tattoo a new address on your arm, because you're not living here!' And that was the end of that discussion.
Mari Mancusi, Stake That|Curiouser and curiouser, as Alice in Wonderland would say…
Ilya Ilf|I realize how utterly amazing it is that we're all able as humans to go about our daily lives without constantly obsessing over the fact that each of us will almost certainly be in a sterile bed someday, medicated and slowly dying. This officially marks the most depressing thing that has ever crossed my mind.
Eva Feder Kittay, Love's Labor: Essays on Women, Equality and Dependency|The disparity, however, between the rewards offered in the labor market and the vital interest to have good dependency care makes it clear that market forces have not been relied upon to supply adequate dependency work. Indeed, a clear-eyed look at the nearly universal twin features of female caregiving and female subordination indicates: 1) that a certain class of persons has been subjected to and socialized to develop the character traits and the volitional structure needed for dependency work; 2) that certain sexual behaviors commensurate with forming attachments, being submissive to another's will, and so forth have been made compulsory for women; and 3) that poor women and women of color have been forced into paid employment as dependency workers by the scanty financial resources and limited employment opportunities available to them, and middle-class women have been forced out of paid employment not commensurate with their (largely unpaid) duties as dependency workers. It has not merely “happened” that women have consistently “chosen” to make dependency relations and dependency work central to their vision of the good life, while men have chosen a wider variety of options.
Martha Graham|All that is important is this one moment in movement. Make the moment important, vital, and worth living. Do not let it slip away unnoticed and unused.
C.G. Jung|Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|You know the world has gone mad when those who have enlightened, compassionate views and future visions, are accused of borderline insanity, ridiculed and criticised for thinking positively.
Drishti Bablani|They say Aslan is on the move- perhaps has already landed."And now a very curious thing happened. None of the children knew who Aslan was any more than you do; but the moment the Beaver had spoken these words everyone felt quite different. Perhaps it has sometimes happened to you in a dream that someone says something which you don't understand but in the dream it feels as if it has some enormous meaning- either a terrifying one which turns the whole dream into a nightmare or else a lovely meaning too lovely to put into words, which makes the dream so beautiful that you remember it all your life and are always wishing you could get into that dream again. It was like that now. At the name of Aslan each one of the children felt something jump in its inside. Edmund felt a sensation of mysterious horror. Peter felt suddenly brave and adventurous. Susan felt as if some delicious smell or some delightful strain of music had just floated by her. And Lucy got the feeling you have when you wake up in the morning and realize that it is the beginning of the holidays or the beginning of summer.
Adam Gidwitz, The Inquisitor's Tale: Or, the Three Magical Children and Their Holy Dog|In Hebrew, satan means an advocate of the alternative, the one who makes the arguments you don't know how to refute." Michelangelo looked to the old Jew, still grinning wickedly in the corner. "That satan is my best friend.
Eric Metaxas|She knew where she stood, when she stood among books.
William Paul Young, The Shack|I suppose that since most of our hurts come through relationships so will our healing, and I know that grace rarely makes sense for those looking in from the outside.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|If I were asked to name the deadliest subversive force within capitalism--the single greatest source of its waning morality--I should without hesitation name advertising. How else should one identify a force that debases language, drains thought, and undoes dignity? If the barrage of advertising, unchanged in its tone and texture, were devoted to some other purpose--say the exaltation of the public sector--it would be recognized in a moment for the corrosive element that it is. But as the voice of the private sector it escapes this startled notice. I mention it only to point out that a deep source of moral decay for capitalism arises from its own doings, not from that of its governing institutions.
Deyth Banger|Don't let the urge to everyday, blindfold you to ultimately loose in life.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|And here I am. God and I, ever One, and Alone.
Damon Horowitz|The study of the past helps us to appreciate that the ideas and values of our own age are just as provisional and transient as those of bygone ages. The intelligent and reflective engagement with the thought of a bygone era ultimately subverts any notion of "chronological snobbery". Reading texts from the past makes it clear that what we now term "the past" was once "the present", which proudly yet falsely regarded itself as having found the right intellectual answers and moral values that had eluded its predecessors.
Mira Nair|When I was six years old, I fell in love with magic. For Christmas, I got a magic box and a very old book on card manipulation. Somehow, I was more interested in pure manipulation than in all the silly little tricks in the box.
H.C. Paye|I feel alone.I don't mean i feel lonely; I mean i feel alone, the same way i feel the blanket resting on my body, or the feathers of my pillow under my head, or the tight string of my sleep pants twisted up around my waist. I feel alone as if it were an actual thing, seeping throughout this whole level like mist blanketing a field, reaching into all the hidden corners of my room and finding nothing living but me. It's a cold sort of feeling, this.
Shelly Laurenston, The Mane Event|Without discursive thought it is just dharma practice. Hope together with aim obscures. One does not cut through pride by meditatively cultivating the desire for happiness. If there is hope, even the hope for buddhas, it is a negative force. If there is apprehension, even apprehension about hells, it is a negative force.
Stephen King|Mama, don't take him. We need him,' Jack whispered. 'Please. He will not forget you if you let him stay with us. He will love you for ever and every time he laughs, he will remember how you once laughed...
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|And so will I here state just plainly and briefly that I accept God. But I must point out one thing: if God does exist and really created the world, as we well know, he created it according to the principles of Euclidean geometry and made the human brain capable of grasping only three dimensions of space. Yet there have been and still are mathematicians and philosophers-among them some of the most outstanding-who doubt that the whole universe or, to put it more generally, all existence was created to fit Euclidean geometry; they even dare to conceive that two parallel lines that, according to Euclid, never do meet on earth do, in fact, meet somewhere in infinity. And so my dear boy, I’ve decided that I am incapable of understanding of even that much, I cannot possibly understand about God.
Nikki Sex|Before I could process the question, from the back side was a soft 'snick" as the cross was adjusted to my height and the ankle clamps latched down. My hands were free, but I wasn't going anywhere. My gasp must have been audible as this was not part of my design, but I was thinking I needed to have mine re-fitted.
Kea Alwang, Treehugger|That’s when I notice Cheryl and Mickey cuddled up on the couch. She’s leaning on his shoulder, his arm around her, her leg across his lap. Cheryl throws glances at Kerry that say, “Look at me!” while Kerry shoots a “You go, girl!” smirk right back. I think of CK, how he and I often sat like that. Not because we were seconds from making out or wanted to look like a couple, but just out of a deep, platonic connection. My heart hits a higher notch on the ache-o-meter, my teeth sear into my bottom lip, and then something inside me snaps as cleanly as a crayon.
Joe McNally|John Loengard, the picture editor at Life, always used to tell me, ”If you want something to look interesting, don’t light all of it.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Doubt is the thing that’ll kill you, the only thing, and it’ll kill your friends, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is wise to know God forgives sins, if only turn to walk in the light.
J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death|You're almost as good as Peabody."He stopped at the door, grabbed her up in a steaming kiss. "You can't get that from Peabody.""I could if I wanted." But it made her grin as he uncoded the locks. "But I like you better for sex.
Christie Brinkley|I am excited to join Combate Americas on NBC UNIVERSO, and look forward to building this incredible MMA sports brand and supporting the extremely talented athletes on its growing roster.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|As with many people, Charles, who could not talk, wrote with fullness. He set down his loneliness and his perplexities, and he put on paper many things he did not know about himself.
Robin Lee Hatcher, Keeper of the Stars|One of the happiest days of my life was when I quit waiting for "happily-ever-after" to come find me and proclaimed joy in the just now season of life. And the next season. And the next.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|He barely heard the gasp escape her lips, but he did see her brilliant brown eyes, how they danced with alarm at his presence, how her lips trembled slightly with what she had done, yes, and now for the glare in his eyes. He knew she could see the hunger they held, he knew she could see, in that moment, just who he truly was...what he was. Yes, Christian knew she could see all these things, knew she could do nothing but bask in the monster that he was.Which was why he was not surprised when she stepped toward him, her shaking lips moving, allowing the low sound of her voice, her sweet, drawing voice, to enter his terribly haunted ears, the ears that caught every breath, heard every pulse of scared heart:“My Lord...your eyes....”“Yes,” he barely whispered, the word hardly escaping his throat. The hunger was all he could feel, her blood all he could smell, the pulse of lust just there beneath her skin, calling him, drawing him ever closer.... And yes, he felt the skin of her neck, felt the blood just there, her blood...his food.
Tim Gilmore|Without warning, he jumped into the air. Startled, I held him tighter, my cheek against his. Speaking into my ear, he said, “Yer not too tall, nor too thin, nor do ye weigh too much. Yer perfect the way ye are, lass. A man that does not possess the strength, patience and intelligence to provide fer and protect a woman is no man at all.
Roshan Sharma|You should be working on your speech instead of staring,” Rider said, never taking his eyes off his notebook.Paige’s dark eyes flew to me and then narrowed.Heat exploded across my cheeks.“And you should actually be working on, I don’t know, your speech?” Hector grinned as he gestured to his paper, which appeared to have actual words on it. “And please don’t stare at him, Mallory. Because of Paige, his ego is already big enough. He doesn’t need any help.
Dane Whalen|The social contract known as 'The Constitution' has been null and void since the last person who signed it, died. Even then, it was only ever applicable to the men who signed it. That's how contracts work.
Q'orianka Kilcher|I was a very good student. Procrastinating gives me anxiety, and getting a B really ticked me off. Sure, I didn't always want to do my homework, but I actually really liked school. As nerdy as it sounds, I love learning.
Erika Tamar, Lizabeth's Story|The trouble with cousins, Lizabeth thought, was that they knew all about you, even your allergies.
Robert Henri|Though people are laughing at the dirt surrounding you, they are missing to see the seeds also planted, growing silently within.
Isabella Rossellini|Personally, I find it romantic not to be with someone all the time; you don't get used to someone or take them for granted.
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|I feel the reason we are all here, our purpose of being, is to help others find their little piece of happiness and heaven right here on earth.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Sometimes to change a situation you are in requires you to take a giant leap. But, you won't be able to fly unless you are willing to transform.
Sigmund Freud|My beauty ethos? Well, I'd love to tell you it's something like 'less is more,' but honestly, it all starts with happiness. If only someone could bottle that up - when I'm happy, I'm at my most radiant and glowing. It does me better than any product ever could. And I stand by how cheesy and cliched that sounds.
Jack Ma|Many believe effective networking is done face-to-face, building a rapport with someone by looking at them in the eye, leading to a solid connection and foundational trust.
Dada Bhagwan|Unfolding of karmic effect is self-resulting (swaparinami). Therefore, whatever the unfolding karmic effect does is correct. Do not be obstinate there. The unfolding of karmic effect indeed means that it has come before you to give the result. Why not stop interfering in it?
Debasish Mridha|You can love everyone, but you can never hurt anyone else without hurting yourself. You will burn yourself for the rest of your life with this fire and agony.
David Sedaris, Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls|There had to be something new, some fresh angle. As the rain pattered down around him, Kapenda thought. What was the weirdest thing he'd seen since this all started? He'd been in the tiny town of Chew Stoke a few weeks earlier, filming the remains of a vehicle that had been washed into a culvert and whose driver had died. In Grovehill, no one had died yet but there were abandoned cars strewn along the streets and surrounding tracks, hulking shapes that the water broke around and flowed over in fractured, churning flurries.That was old. Every television station had those shots.He'd been there the year before when the police had excavated a mud-filled railway tunnel and uncovered the remains of two people who had been crushed in a landslide. What they needed was something like that here, something that showed how weak man's civilized veneer was when set against nature's uncaring ferocity. He needed something that contrasted human frailty and natural strength, something that Dali might have painted - a boat on a roof, or a shark swimming up the main street. He needed that bloody house to collapse.("Into The Water")
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you wish for it, you can have it.
Andrew Solomon|Mild depression is a gradual and sometimes permanent thing that undermines people the way rust weakens iron. It is too much grief at too slight a cause, pain that takes over from the other emotions and crowds them out. Such depression takes up bodily occupancy in the eyelids and in the muscles that keep the spine erect. It hurts your heart and lungs, making the contraction of involuntary muscles harder than it needs to be. Like physical pain that becomes chronic, it is miserable not so much because it is intolerable in the moment as because it is intolerable to have known it in the moments gone and to look forward only to knowing it in the moments to come. The present tense of mild depression envisages no alleviation because it feels like knowledge.
Gregory Bateson, Mind and Nature|Rigor alone is paralytic death, but imagination alone is insanity.
Amit Kalantri|Life is not only about acquiring knowledge, it is about applying knowledge.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|Question everything—no matter how beloved, or how long-held, or how exalted—without apology. Only those who build their world upon lies need fear an inquisitive mind. The truth will remain, even after a storm of doubt and revolution has washed over it. Only illusions need be protected. The truth need not be defended; it existed before us and will continue to exist after us.
Donna Goddard, Waldmeer|Relationships are used by the darkness to keep people revolving around the ego’s demands. For a moment, people see the light of the divine in each other. They run to it and then quickly forget the light they once saw as their fears reclaim their consciousness. Thus begins the ongoing battle to protect one’s own ‘rights’, in case they be forgotten or betrayed. The tally of what is owed is counted, the guilt of perceived wrong doings is cast upon the other, one’s freedom must be paid as the price for ‘love’, and it is only in short periods of peace when all of this is forgotten. Those moments are the precious windows of the Soul.
Steve Buscemi|Early in my songwriting career, when I was learning a lot about writing songs, I'd force myself to sit down until I came up with something.
Manil Suri, The City of Devi|Sarita's been so busy exercising her brain that she hasn't had time for her heart, the poor thing.
Leigh LaValle, The Runaway Countess|What would you tell her about me?”He did not just ask that.“You did not just ask that.” She chuckled.“I’m serious,” he smiled.“Very well, if you must know, I would say that you are arrogant and foolish, too handsome for your own good and far too cognizant of your own intellect. Unbending, unsympathetic, dogmatic, pig-headed—”“Handsome?” he interrupted, unable to keep the smile from his face. “And intelligent?”“Don’t forget arrogant.
Werner Herzog|at the press conference for the film he impressed everyone with his complete sincerity and innocence. he said he had come to see the sea for the first time and marveled at how clean it was. someone told him that, in fact, it wasn't. 'when the world is emptied of human beings' he said, 'it will become so again
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|The truth is, immigrants tend to be more American than people born here.
Ty Segall|You can really do amazing things in a wheelchair. It's very dangerous if you don't know what you're doing, but you can even go up and down stairs in a wheelchair.
Ivan M. Granger|When in doubt, favor compassionover certainty or tradition.
Jeremy Griffith, Freedom: The End of the Human Condition|Checked thoroughly, humans stink.
S.E. Hinton, Rumble Fish|If you're going to lead people, you've got to have somewhere to go.
Thomas Henry Huxley, Collected Essays of Thomas Henry Huxley|The scientific spirit is of more value than its products, and irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors.
Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton|Memories remain a part of one's life, whether that arise, and pass in a bitter or a sweet way.
John F. Kennedy|Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Here I can become the blessing, a little life that multiplies joy, making the larger world a better place.God can enter into me, even me, and use these hands, these feet, to be His love, a love that goes on and on and on forever, endless cycle of grace.
Louis de Bernières, Birds Without Wings|Not all the ravages caused by our merciless age are tangible ones. The subtler forms of destruction, those involving only the human spirit, are the most to be dreaded.
Gary Ackerman|You know, rural Americans are a special people. Their labor puts food on our table and fuel in our gas tanks. Their service in our military sets a powerful example of leadership, honor and sacrifice. Their spirit of community inspires us all.
Mohith Agadi|Do not give your haters the gratification, It means you will never let yourself down.
Pittacus Lore, The Fall of Five|A man who lies to himself, and believes his own lies, becomes unable to recognize truth, either in himself or in anyone else, and he ends up losing respect for himself and for others. When he has no respect for anyone, he can no longer love, and in him, he yields to his impulses, indulges in the lowest form of pleasure, and behaves in the end like an animal in satisfying his vices.
Harlan Ellison, The Essential Ellison: A 50 Year Retrospective|If we choose to, we can live in a world of comforting illusions. We can allow ourselves to be deceived by false realities. Or we can use them to hide our true intentions.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|Sometimes at night when the moon is almost full and my hands go numb from writing, I cleanse myself of her poisoned love. I welcome the water, the inevitability of death and embrace the long painful road out of love.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|I’ve seen how cigarettes went from being advertised in every type of media to being something found to be deadly… they can’t kill me no matter how many of them I smoke but I’ve seen humans die from smoking them… if I were you I would stop smoking them.”“Why should I? You smoke ‘em all the time, you chain-smoke cigarettes,” Mandy pointed out.“Yeah, I started doing that back in the Sixties… for reasons you likely saw on those VHS tapes… but I’m not a person, I’m Pollution, things like that aren’t dangerous to me but they are to you,” Alecto told her. “It’s not a good idea.
Kamand Kojouri|We dance to seduce ourselves. To fall in love with ourselves. When we dance with another, we manifest the very thing we love about ourselves so that they may see it and love us too.
Barbara T. Cerny, The Tiefling: Angel Kissed, Devil Touched - Amazon Best Seller!|Then it kissed me—not as a man would kiss a lover, not with tenderness or even passion. This was a kiss that stole the soul of men. Revulsion at this creature’s kiss was instantly replaced by the warmth stealing through my veins, as if my missing blood were being replenished and contrived to heal me. I craved to keep kissing the beast. My entire being awakened to that kiss feeding me ecstasy, feeding me life.
Teresa Mummert|There is no greater feeling of accomplishment than to create a world that solely exists in your imagination and be able to pull someone into this hidden place inside of my thoughts. To make someone care for a person that has manifested from my dreams, to make them hate me for putting them in danger, and for them to ask to be taken on another journey with me when it is all said and done is why I write.
Martyn V. Halm, In Pocket|Teachers achievements does not requires their positions. Because real teacher must not focus in certificates but instead the experiences he encounter to the learners,that he touches the future he teach.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There|A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|There was an end to weeping. Mourning, however, ebbed and surged but never ceased flowing.
Paul Auster, The New York Trilogy|Writing is a solitary business. It takes over your life. In some sense, a writer has no life of his own. Even when he’s there, he’s not really there.
Lou Morgan, Blood and Feathers|I have learned that real angels don't have gossamer white robes and Cherubic skin, they have calloused hands and smell of the days' sweat.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|By unnerving definition, anything that the heart has chosen for its own mysterious reasons it can always unchoose later—again, for its own mysterious reasons.
Sandeep Sahajpal|A ‘complete man’ has a regret that he cannot bear a baby; whereas it is rather ironic that a self-styled ‘complete woman’ takes pride in denouncing that divine blessing. In fact, there is nothing like a ‘complete man’, only woman can be ‘complete’!
Amber Belldene, Blood Entangled|Make no mistake, Lucas. You chose Pedro over your fellow Hunters. I'm coming for you and you will pay for your betrayal. I'm coming for everyone in that house and no one will survive.
Kelly Link, Stranger Things Happen|Marriage has affected the laws of gravity. We will now revolve around each other. You will exert gravity on me, and I will exert gravity on you. We are one another's moons. You are holding onto my feet with both hands, as if otherwise you might fall right off the bed. I think I might float up and hit the ceiling, splat, if you let go. Please don't let go.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Persevere like a seed; even when people try to bury you, flourish.
Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin|White people are drawn to farmer’s markets like moths to a flame. In fact, white people have such strong instincts that ifyou release a white person into a random Saturday morning they will return to you with a reusable bag full of fruits and vegetables.
Anais Nin|Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.
Alfred Whitney Griswold, Essays on Education|Resherphire: True freedom is not that which is granted by an oppressor. It is a self-evident right, not something that originates from an external force.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Ashlei was free to spout off how much she loved her savior because Jesus was not about to rear back and tell her He did not quite feel the same way, that He had died for the sins of the world just because it was fun and did not want things to be too serious. He was only thirty-three, after all, and might want to martyr himself for other people.
K.S. Ramakrishna Rao|The personality of Muhammad, it is most difficult to get into the whole truth of it. Only a glimpse of it I can catch. What a dramatic succession of picturesque scenes! There is Muhammad, the Prophet; there is Muhammad, the Warrior; Muhammad, the Businessman; Muhammad, the Statesman; Muhammad, the Orator; Muhammad, the Reformer; Muhammad, the Refuge of Orphans; Muhammad, the Protector of Slaves; Muhammad, the Emancipator of Women; Muhammad, the Judge; Muhammad, the Saint. All in all these magnificent roles, in all these departments of human activities, he is like a hero.
Christopher Moore, Bite Me|I tried cutting myself to express my heartbreak over Tommy (Lord Flood) rejecting me, but OMFG it hurts like flaming fuck.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|Once, when I was little, I asked her if she’d cried when my father had fallen to his death.At the funeral? I mean, the burial?No, I did not.Because you weren’t sad?Because it was nobody’s business if I was.
Charles B. Rangel|Everyone has a talent. It's simply a question of good discipline, of the good fortune to have an education that meshes with that talent, and a lot of luck.
Fakeer Ishavardas|To be human, is to be able to love the unlovable, and hope when things appear hopeless
Euginia Herlihy|Unfurl your muscles. Slip off your skin. Drop your guts in a heap on the floor.”I felt my airway constrict. Damn, this was profound. I continued. “Nuzzle inside the hollow of my bones. Let our breaths mingle as one. Turn liquid for me. Only for me. Bury your essence inside of my soul.
Ashley Tisdale|Mam was always saying we had a simple diet: tea and bread, bread and tea, a liquid and a solid, a balanced diet - what more do you need? Nobody got fat.
Michael J. Mauboussin, The Success Equation|No one I met at this time -- doctors, nurses, practicantes, or fellow-patients-- failed to assure me that a man who is hit through the neck and survives it is the luckiest creature alive. I could not help thinking that it would be even luckier not to be hit at all.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the universe is anything, it should be fun.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God wants us to know His will and He reveals it to us both through the Bible and through the guidance of His Holy Spirit. Seek God’s will when you pray, and He will help you know it.
Christopher Farnsworth, Red, White, and Blood|Nobody likes being exploited, unless they're unaware of it, and many aren't aware of it because they believe that's how life is and you can't change it.
Nancy Isenberg, White Trash: The 400-Year Untold History of Class in America|When you turn an election into a three-ring circus, there’s always a chance that the dancing bear will win.
Jeanette LeBlanc|No matter how dark the night may get, your light will never burn out.
Michael Jordan|Anything worth doing, is worth doing right.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|She explained that many people, but especially women, feel fraudulent when they are praised for their accomplishments. Instead of feeling worthy of recognition, they feel undeserving and guilty, as if a mistake has been made. Despite being high achievers, even experts in their fields, women can't seem to shake the sense that it is only a matter of time until they are found out for who they really are- impostors with limited skills or abilities.
Victor Hugo|We want to be saved from our misery, but not from our sin. We want to sin without misery, just as the prodigal son wanted inheritance without the father. The foremost spiritual law of the physical universe is that this hope can never be realized. Sin always accompanies misery. There is no victimless crime, and all creation is subject to decay because of humanity’s rebellion from God.
Lucas Remmerswaal, The A-Z of 13 Habits: Inspired by Warren Buffett|Just do it! First you make your habits, then your habits make you!
Jane Cousins, To Surprise A Seer|Is there something going on between you and Matias?”“No!”“Okay, I may not have a truck load of fancy degrees but all I can say is… liar, liar, I’m seriously thinking of grabbing my blow torch and setting your pants on fire.
Megan Devine, It's Ok That You're Not Ok: Meeting Grief and Loss in a Culture That Doesn't Understand|We need to talk about the hierarchy of grief. You hear it all the time—no grief is worse than any other. I don’t think that’s one bit true. There is a hierarchy of grief. Divorce is not the same as the death of a partner. Death of a grandparent is notthe same as the death of a child. Losing your job is not the same as losing a limb.Here’s the thing: every loss is valid. And every loss is not the same. You can’t flatten the landscape of grief and say thateverything is equal. It isn’t.It’s easier to see when we take it out of the intensely personal: stubbing your toe hurts. It totally hurts. For a moment, the pain can be all-consuming. You might even hobble for a while. Having your foot ripped off by a passingfreight train hurts, too. Differently. The pain lasts longer. The injury needs recovery time, which may be uncertain or complicated. It affects and impacts your life moving forward. You can’t go back to the life you had before you became aone-footed person. No one would say these two injuries are exactly the same.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. Rarely do members of one famiy grow up under the same roof
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|Friendship arises out of mere Companionship when two or more of the companions discover that they have in common some insight or interest or even taste which the others do not share and which, till that moment, each believed to be his own unique treasure (or burden). The typical expression of opening Friendship would be something like, "What? You too? I thought I was the only one." ... It is when two such persons discover one another, when, whether with immense difficulties and semi-articulate fumblings or with what would seem to us amazing and elliptical speed, they share their vision - it is then that Friendship is born. And instantly they stand together in an immense solitude.
Andrew Carnegie|Labor disgraces no man; unfortunately, you occasionally find men who disgrace labor.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|The poor eats with his eyes, the rich with his mouth.
Jessie J|Music is the way I understand how to communicate now, the way that I've learned how to communicate... but it will eventually have to go beyond that. You see, I've realised that music is not what keeps people involved - it's the attitude behind the music.
Cherrie Lynn, Unleashed|From my vantage point I can see the back of his neck flush pink beneath his collar. He's got freckles there, too. I wonder how many more freckle's he's got. Are they all over, or just where the sun's touched?Good Lord, why am I thinking of Finn Belastra without his clothes on?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can conquer any aggressive action, with restraint and patient.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|She had received ideas which disposed her to be courteous and kind to all, and to pity every one, as being less happy than herself.
Irfa Rahat|They say I am a brave girlI'm a hailstorm for the rainI'm a volcano for the mountainI'm a diamond for the stoneAnd I wonder if I can be real me.I see the crowdI hear the noiseI keep my patience.But inside I want to screamYes I want to scream like hell.And when she call me on phone,I wonder how she knows it.I wonder how she hears those silent words..How she sees those forbidden tears...I wonder how she knows I am missing somewhere...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Their engaging manner is grounded in consideration as they seek to get along well with others. People who exhibit charisma and charm are also said to be alluring, bewitching, captivating, magnetic, fascinating, enchanting, and seductive.
James Salter|They lay silently. She was staring at something across the room. She was making him feel uncomfortable. 'It wouldn't work. It's the attraction of opposites,' he said.We're not opposites.'I don't mean just you and me. Women fall in love when they get to know you. Men are just the opposite. When they finally know you they're ready to leave.
Jennifer Echols, Dirty Little Secret|If we indulge in inordinate affection, anger, anxiety, God holds us responsible; but He also insists that we have to be passionately filled with the right emotions.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Life must be lived as play, playing certain games, making sacrifices, singing and dancing, and then a man will be able to propitiate the gods, and defend himself against his enemies, and win in the contest.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|Dad was on the porch, pacing back and forth in that uneven stride he had on account of having a gimp leg. When he saw, he let out a yelp of delight and started hobbling down the steps towards us. Mom came running out of the house. She sank down on her knees, clasped her hands in front of her, and started praying up to the heavens, thanking the Lord for delivering her children from the flood.It was she who had saved us, she declared, by staying up all night praying. "You get down on your knees and thank your guardian angel," she said. "And thank me, too."Helen and Buster got down and started praying with Mom, but I just stood there looking at them. The way I saw it. I was the one who'd saved us all, not Mom and not some guardian angel. No one was up in that cottonwood tree except the three of us. Dad came alongside me and put his arms around my shoulders."There weren't no guardian angel, Dad," I said. I started explaining how I'd gotten us to the cottonwood tree in time, figuring out how to switch places when our arms got tired and keeping Buster and Helen awake through the long night by quizzing them.Dad squeezed my shoulder. "Well, darling," he said, "maybe the angel was you.
Debra Winger|Because I'm the author of my screenplays I know what I'm looking for. It's true that I can be stubborn in demanding that I get what I want, but it's also a question of working with patience and love.
Tad Williams, Shadowrise|Was Briony the only person who could hear the venom dripping from the woman’s tongue? What good was beauty — a mature beauty, but beauty nonetheless — if it cloaked such a viperous soul?
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Sometimes scientific discoveries are like that […]. Once people know something is possible, the pace of new findings increases. (Wylan)
|You must refuse to entertain or shelter in your mind, any thought or belief that goes against your happiness and success in life.
Winston S. Churchill|Never, never, never give in!
Martha Zamora, The Letters of Frida Kahlo: Cartas Apasionadas|Painting completed my life. I lost three children and a series of other things that would have fulfilled my horrible life. My painting took the place of all this. I think work is the best. (Frida Kahlo, p. 157)
Richard Feynman|People often think I'm a faker, but I'm usually honest, in a certain way--in such a way that often nobody believes me!
Syed Sharukh|Its easy to find others in pitch darkness, but to find your own self in light is hardest task
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Hamas is regularly described as 'Iranian-backed Hamas, which is dedicated to the destruction of Israel.' One will be hard put to find something like 'democratically elected Hamas, which has long been calling for a two-state settlement in accord with the international consensus'—blocked for over 30 years by the US and Israel. All true, but not a useful contribution to the Party Line, hence dispensable.
Terry Pratchett, The Science of Discworld II: The Globe|The anthropologists got it wrong when they named our species Homo sapiens ('wise man'). In any case it's an arrogant and bigheaded thing to say, wisdom being one of our least evident features. In reality, we are Pan narrans, the storytelling chimpanzee.
Lucas Remmerswaal, 13 Habits.com the Tale of Tortoise Buffett and Trader Hare|Warren Buffett is one of the best learning machines on this earth. The turtles which outrun the hares are learning machines. If you stop learning in this world, the world rushes right by you.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Whatever doesn't destroy you, makes you stronger. Hardships have a way of toughening us, if they don't kill us.
Chelsea Cain, Kill You Twice|Leaning forward he placed his lips over hers. She told herself he was breathing life into her, but the truth was he'd always been sucking it out, slowly, one breath at a time. - From ENGRAVED
Drew Carey|Among the various vernaculars that are spoken in different parts of India, there is one that stands out strongly from the rest, as that which is most widely known. It is Hindi. A man who knows Hindi can travel over India and find everywhere Hindi-speaking people.
Sara Teasdale, Flame and Shadow|I almost gave my life long ago for a thingThat has gone to dust now, stinging my eyes—It is strange how often a heart must be brokenBefore the years can make it wise.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|To invoke Jesus' name is to place yourself in his presence, to open yourself to his power, his energy. The prayer of Jesus' name actually brings God closer, making him more present. He is always present in some way, since he knows and loves each one of us at every moment; but he is not present to those who do not pray as intimately as he is present to those who do. Prayers a difference; 'prayer changes things.' It may or may not change our external circumstances. (It does if God sees that that change is good for us; it does not if God sees that it is not.) but it always changes our relationship to God, which is infinitely more important than external circumstances, however pressing they may seem, because it is eternal but they are temporary, and because it is our very self but they are not.
Abraham Lincoln, Complete Works - Volume XII|Those who deny freedom to others, deserve it not for themselves
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|Men and the pursuit of them are strongly intertwined with my mental health. I would say, in my defensive defense, that the problem with being a serial monogamist is, there isn't anybody random or unimportant: everybody you sleep with really means something, which is to say each of them is on your public record. At some point I wake up thinking, Fuck this! I don't want another man in my bed ever again. What I really want is a cat.
Allyvanderaar|if hope is in mine heart, lost pays every day a visit to make me insecure and waits to sweep me of mine feet. if lost is in mine heart, hope waits on every corner for me to hug me untill the lost is beat.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Elections are supposed to be political occasions. In fact the opposite is true. The last thing politicians want to talk about at election-time is politics. What they want to talk about is votes. And the less you talk about politics, the more votes you're likely to win - otherwise you might offend someone.
Gail Carriger|While the new Legionnaire man eliminated his enemies in the name of God, with a cross in his hand, the new Communist man eliminated God altogether and stood on His pedestal. They were both equally thirsty for blood.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|If you give up, you reward failure.
J. Kenner, Heated|You know, sloth is a sin," he says softly. "I prefer to think of it as an adorable animal.
Christopher Buehlman, The Lesser Dead|Daddy?”“I’m right here, baby.”Lumps form in my throat, going all the way down into the core of me.It’s his voice. His. Right there. I reach toward the doorknob but I don’t get to turn it.Nick smashes at me with his head, pushing against my lower jaw and cheek, like a blow. His muzzle moves my head away from the door. He presses his face in between me and the wood. Fur gets in my mouth. I spit it out and push at him.“That’s my dad. My dad.” I slap the door. “He’s on the other side. The pixies will get him.”Nick shows me his teeth.“I can’t lose him again, Nick.”The wolf snarls like he’s ready to bite. My head jerks back and away, but then I steady myself.“Get . . . out . . . of . . . the . . . way.”Pushing against his thick neck, I slam my hands against him over and over again, pummeling him. He doesn’t budge.“Move!” I order. “Move.”“Zara, is there a wolf in there with you? Do not trust him,” my dad’s voice says, calmly, really calmly.I grab a fistful of fur and freeze. All at once it hits me that something is not right. My dad would never be calm if I was in my bedroom with a wolf. He’d be stressed and screaming, breaking the door down, kicking it in like he did once when I was really little and had accidentally locked myself in the bathroom and couldn’t get the lock out of the bolt because it was so old. He’d kicked that door down, splintering the wood, clutching me to him. He’d kissed my forehead over and over again.“I’d never let anything happen to you, princess,” he’d said. “You’re my baby.”My dad would be kicking the door in. My dad would be saving me.“Let me in,” he says. “Zara . . .”Letting go of Nick, I stagger backward. My hands fly up to my mouth, covering it.Nick stops snarling at me and wags his fluffy tail.How would my dad know that it is a wolf in here and not a dog? How would he know that it isn’t pixies?I shudder. Nick pounds next to me, pressing his side against my legs. I drop my hands and plunge my fingers into his fur, burying them there, looking for something. Maybe comfort. Maybe warmth. Maybe strength. Maybe all three.
Auliq Ice|If you care about what people think about you, you will end up being their slave. Reject and pull your own rope.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|In order to forgive, one must have lived through what I have lived through, and may God spare her that.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Surely it was a good way to die, in the place of someone else, someone I loved.
Benjamin Disraeli|But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day.
Susan Sarandon|I just want my kids to love who they are, have happy lives and find something they want to do and make peace with that. Your job as a parent is to give your kids not only the instincts and talents to survive, but help them enjoy their l
Terry Pratchett, The Shepherd's Crown|The end of times?" said Nanny. "Look, Tiff, Esme tol' me to say, if you want to see Esmerelda Weatherwax, then just you look around. She is here. Us witches don't mourn for very long. We are satisfied with happy memories - they're there to be cherished.
Itzhak Perlman|I like a few vintage Rolexes, and Panerais are good. I'm not into sports watches - I like chronometers.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|For this reason the gentleman will employ a man on a distant mission and observe his degree of loyalty, will employ him close at hand and observe his degree of respect. He will hand him troublesome affairs and observe how well he manages them, will suddenly ask his advice and observe how wisely he answers. He will exact some difficult promise from him and see how well he keeps it, turn over funds to him and see with what benevolence he dispenses them, inform him of the danger he is in and note how faithful he is to his duties. He will get him drunk with wine and observe how well he handles himself, place him in mixed company and see what effect beauty has upon him. By applying these nine tests, you may determine who is the unworthy man.
Andrew Solomon|a hymn then not to birds but to words which themselves feel like feather and wing and light, as if it were on the delicacy of such sweet syllables that flocks take flight.
John Mark Green|You rang my heart like a church bell at midnight. Trembling, I awoke to the sweet sound of love.
Hannah More|To confer dignity, forgive. To express contempt, forget.
Joss Whedon|People love a happy ending. So every episode, I will explain once again that I don't like people. And then Mal will shoot someone. Someone we like. And their puppy.
Suzanne Rindell, Three-Martini Lunch|That's the funny thing about doubt." "What do you mean?" "It makes you feel rotten as hell. But if anyone bothered to think about it, it's a symptom of love. It means it matters to you. It's the brain questioning the wisdom of the heart. It doesn't mean the heart doesn't know better all along, it only means the brain doesn't understand how.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Personality can open doors, but only character can keep them open.
Terry McMillan|I like to think of what happens to characters in good novels and stories as knots--things keep knotting up. And by the end of the story--readers see an unknotting of sorts. Not what you expect, not the easy answers you get on TV, not wash and wear philosophies, but a reproduction of believable, emotional experiences.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|Make them fear you. Machiavelli said it nearly six hundred years ago, but it's still true. Every ruler should strive for his people to love him. But if they cannot love you, then make them fear you. Love is better, but fear will do the job.
Rodolfo Rios Medina, Beyond Obscurity|The unknown scares man, but those who confront it, will cease to fear it" (Rodolfo Rios Medina)
William Kean Seymour, The Cats of Rome: New and Selected Poems|I eat you, life; you make me living eat.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Demon King|Safe, I decided, didn't leave much room for fun.
Chuck Palahniuk, Pygmy|These diverse effects of slavery and freedom are easily understood: … the men in Kentucky [neither] have zeal nor enlightenment … cross over into Ohio in order to utilize their industry and to be able to exercise it without shame … in Kentucky, masters make slaves work without being obliged to pay them, but they receive little fruit from their efforts, while the money that they would give to free workers would be recovered with interest from the value of their labors.
Christine Feehan, Dark Magic|The storm is passing over us. Do you want to go to the bayou this night?” he asked softly, separating her hair deftly and beginning to weave it into a thick braid. She loved the feel of his hands in her hair, his fingers massaging her scalp, tugging so gently on the thick length of braid. She reached up to place a palm over her bare shoulder, the exact spot where his lips had touched her. “I would love to go to the bayou with you.” He smiled at her, his silver eyes molten mercury. “We can observe wildlife for a change. No vampires.” “No weird society types,” she added. “No mortals in need of rescuing,” Gregori said with intense satisfaction. “Get dressed.” “You’re always taking my clothes off, then telling me to get dressed again,” Savannah complained with her infuriating smile, that little sexy one that drove him mad. He turned her around to face him, caught the front of her shirt, and drew the gaping edges together to cover her tempting body. “You cannot expect me to dress you myself, do you?” he asked, leaning down to brush her lips with his. She actually felt her heart jump in response. Or maybe it was his heart. It was nearly impossible to tell the difference anymore.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|What was in it for me? I wasn't asking for any sort of reciprocation, after all. Why didn't she want her erogenous zones stimulated? I have no idea. All I know is that you could, if you wanted to, find the answers to all sorts of difficult questions buried in that terrible war-torn interregnum between the first pubic hair and the first soiled Trojan.
Heather     James, Fire|I'm not trying to avoid you,' I replied lamely, but what else could I say? Sorry Brae but when I first came down to meet you I had no idea how hard it was going to be to avoid telling you that I was turning into a grotesque monster and I am worried that there is a good chance I could wake up one morning with a sudden lust for your blood. Somehow I didn't think that would go down particularly well.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|If you want to fly high and go amazing places, your attitude is crucial.
Debasish Mridha|You can’t control the universe, but if you learn to practice meditation and mindfulness you may be able to control yourself.
Nikki Rowe|There's something about you, Your eyes speak a story in a language only known to my soul. The kind of communication we as humans dream about, the one that reaches into the core of who you are and loves you for it. It doesn't appear often or by accident & when it happens you just know " There's something about you ".
Rebecca Edmund|The greatest danger, of course, was to believe that I was equal to them, because assurance can morph into arrogance that Death loves to prove unfounded.
Margherita Hack|The fundamental characteristic of the scientific method is honesty. In dealing with any question, science asks no favors. ... I believe that constant use of the scientific method must in the end leave its impress upon him who uses it. ... A life spent in accordance with scientific teachings would be of a high order. It would practically conform to the teachings of the highest types of religion. The motives would be different, but so far as conduct is concerned the results would be practically identical.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|What will you do if I kiss you right now?""I'll kiss you back.""In what way? Sweet, soft, and slow like a first kiss? Or passionately and rude until I make you breathless?""Just do it on your own style.""Bad then. I've never kissed any woman before.
Nichelle Nichols, Beyond Uhura: Star Trek and Other Memories|Some people view Gene as a man with a wild futuristic utopian fantasy, but that’s too simple. Star Trek did not promise that people would magically become inherently “better,” but that they would progress, always reaching for their highest potential and noblest goals, even if it took centuries of taking two steps forward and one step back. Ideally, humankind would be guided in its quest by reason and justice. The ultimate futility of armed conflict, terrorism, dictatorial rule, prejudice, disregard for the environment, and exercising power for its own sake was demonstrated time and again
Lewis Carroll|Solo For Ear-Trumpet The carriage brushes through the brightLeaves (violent jets from life to light);Strong polished speed is plunging, heavesBetween the showers of bright hot leavesThe window-glasses glaze our facesAnd jar them to the very basis — But they could never put a polishUpon my manners or abolishMy most distinct disinclinationFor calling on a rich relation!In her house — (bulwark built betweenThe life man lives and visions seen) — The sunlight hiccups white as chalk,Grown drunk with emptiness of talk,And silence hisses like a snake — Invertebrate and rattling ache….Then suddenly EternityDrowns all the houses like a seaAnd down the street the Trump of DoomBlares madly — shakes the drawing-roomWhere raw-edged shadows sting forlornAs dank dark nettles. Down the hornOf her ear-trumpet I conveyThe news that 'It is Judgment Day!''Speak louder: I don't catch, my dear.'I roared: 'It is the Trump we hear!''The What?' 'THE TRUMP!' 'I shall complain!…. the boy-scouts practising again.
Samuel Johnson|There can be no friendship without confidence, and no confidence without integrity.
Marianne Williamson, The Law of Divine Compensation: On Work, Money, and Miracles|Love makes us wake up in the morning with a sense of purpose and a flow of creative ideas. Love floods our nervous system with positive energy, making us far more attractive to prospective employers, clients, and creative partners. Love fills us with powerful charisma, enabling us to produce new ideas and new projects, even within circumstances that seem to be limited. Love leads us to atone for our errors and clean up the mess when we've made mistakes. Love leads us to act with impeccability, integrity, and excellence. Love leads us to serve, to forgive, and to hope. Those things are the opposite of a poverty consciousness; they're the stuff of spiritual wealth creation.
Thomas Friedman|It's not an easy gig, being in the NRL sometimes: you always feel for the boys because you have that mutual respect knowing what they go through.
Cassandra Clare, The Midnight Heir|Magic or nature, they were much the same thing to Magnus.
David Lawrence Brown, 333 Keywords: to Change Your Life|The invitation of the keyword “Inspiration” is to ask how we can be uplifted, encouraged, motivated, and moved deeply in ways that allow us to be invigorated or energized to love our life and live with more passion, awareness, confidence, creativity and happiness." ~ David Lawrence Brown  333 Keywords to Change Your Life
Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ|The idea for the Guild first came up at a party. Your father and I met there and, well, I suppose that's a story all its own. But we were both frustrated by the media at the time. We set out to tell the truth when everyone else seemed set on choosing sides. We had grand ideas about how far we could reach. … Back then, we knew we should be careful, but we had no idea how dangerous it would turn out to be.
Geoffrey Miller|Imagine a young Isaac Newton time-travelling from 1670s England to teach Harvard undergrads in 2017. After the time-jump, Newton still has an obsessive, paranoid personality, with Asperger’s syndrome, a bad stutter, unstable moods, and episodes of psychotic mania and depression. But now he’s subject to Harvard’s speech codes that prohibit any “disrespect for the dignity of others”; any violations will get him in trouble with Harvard’s Inquisition (the ‘Office for Equity, Diversity, and Inclusion’). Newton also wants to publish Philosophiæ Naturalis Principia Mathematica, to explain the laws of motion governing the universe. But his literary agent explains that he can’t get a decent book deal until Newton builds his ‘author platform’ to include at least 20k Twitter followers – without provoking any backlash for airing his eccentric views on ancient Greek alchemy, Biblical cryptography, fiat currency, Jewish mysticism, or how to predict the exact date of the Apocalypse.Newton wouldn’t last long as a ‘public intellectual’ in modern American culture. Sooner or later, he would say ‘offensive’ things that get reported to Harvard and that get picked up by mainstream media as moral-outrage clickbait. His eccentric, ornery awkwardness would lead to swift expulsion from academia, social media, and publishing. Result? On the upside, he’d drive some traffic through Huffpost, Buzzfeed, and Jezebel, and people would have a fresh controversy to virtue-signal about on Facebook. On the downside, we wouldn’t have Newton’s Laws of Motion.
Charles Simmons|To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power.
Moffat Machingura|I "love" reading.It makes me feel like I am swallowing up Christ, Homer, Confucius, Newton, Franklin, Socrates, Caesar, and the whole world into one gigantic invincible Sir Moffat. Mine is creative reading. I read building empires in mind. I pray I won't read and read and forget to marry.
Dana Marton, Broslin Bride: Gone and Done it|His last encounter with Wendy... Hell, she'd been the one to hurt his feelings.	The best sex of his life, and she'd kicked him out as soon as it was over, told him not to bother with calling because it was strictly a one-time thing. Told him, actually, while he'd still been inside her.	He groaned at the memory as he slipped behind the wheel, turning on the heat the second he had the engine started.	His day was shaping up to be an ass kicker. Which was saying something, considering that the day before included his arrest, a concussion, and a near drowning.
Tanit Phoenix|I met Woz when I was 13, at a friend's garage. He was about 18. He was, like, the first person I met who knew more electronics than I did at that point. We became good friends, because we shared an interest in computers and we had a sense of humor. We pulled all kinds of pranks together.
Thomas M. Disch, The Businessman|But there you put your finger on what it is that separates the sheep from the goats, and vice versa: imagination. Those who possess it have an afterlife; those who don't possess it, or in whom it has greatly atrophied, are reborn as plants or animals. It's as simple, and unfair, as that. You could almost say that heaven is no more than a fantasm generated by the excess energies of the pooled imaginations of the blessed.
Euginia Herlihy|The world is not interested in titles and positions, all it wants is your creative mind and the genuinity of the work of your hands.
Anthony T. Hincks|Dad?" Jesus asked."Yes, son?" God replied."What came before colors?" Jesus asked."What do you mean?" God asked."Well, before we had colors. What was there?" Jesus asked."We've always had colors," God said."What about the darkness then?" Jesus asked."That's black," God said."So colors come from black," Jesus said."Yes, if you want to keep your colors vibrant, you need to keep them in something black and then when they come out, they're beautiful and full of life," God said."Now that I know darkness is full of colors, I won't be afraid of it anymore," Jesus said.God smiled, "You should never be scared of darkness. It's just a box with colors in. That's all." Jesus laughed and smiled. He wasn't afraid anymore.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|A great revolution in just one single individual will help achieve a change in the destiny of a society and, further, will enable a change in the destiny of humankind.
Demia Avery|Going through life regretting your past decisions is like being a repeat offender in jail. You never break free because you won't allow your mentality to move on".~Demia AveryThe Roadblock is You
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|The best sex and the most satisfying sex are not the same. I have had great sex with men who were intimate terrorists, men who seduce and attract by giving you just what you feel your heart needs then gradually or abruptly withholding it once they have gained your trust. And I have been deeply sexually fulfilled in bonds with loving partners who have had less skill and know-how. Because of sexist socialization, women tend to put sexual satisfaction in its appropriate perspective. We acknowledge its value without allowing it to become the absolute measure of intimate connection. Enlightened women want fulfilling erotic encounters as much as men, but we ultimately prefer erotic satisfaction within a context where there is loving, intimate connection. If men were socialized to desire love as much as they are taught to desire sex, we would see a cultural revolution. As it stands, most men tend to be more concerned about sexual performance and sexual satisfaction than whether they are capable of giving and receiving love.
J.F. Kelly, A Woman's Pleasure|Hey!” I wave my index finger in his face, “No shitting on pop music. Everyone needs some light, fun, sexy pop music. It’s summer, and that right there, is the perfect summer song. It’s hot.” “You’re right, it is hot,” he says, scanning my body with his eyes.
Chuck Wendig, Invasive|You're desperate, and so am I,' I said. 'Desperate people make stupid decisions all the time.'"P244
Mary Pope Osborne, A Ghost Tale for Christmas Time|Money wont make you happy but if you insist on being miserable, you may as well be rich...
Mary  Stewart, The Hollow Hills|To remember love after long sleep; to turn again to poetry after a year in the market place, or to youth after resignation to drowsy and stiffening age; to remember what once you thought life could hold, after telling over with muddied and calculating fingers what it has offered; this is music, made after long silence. The soul flexes its wings, and, clumsy as any fledgling, tries the air again
AVA., this is how you know i want you.|we talk of plans that are going to happen.we talk of the future, as if we know we will last.there is a sort of comfort in that.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|I have a proposition for you,” she said, trying for a businesslike tone. “A very sensible one. You see—” She paused to clear her throat. “I’ve been thinking about your problem.” “What problem?” Cam played lightly with the folds of her skirts, watching her face ale
David Bennun, Tick Bite Fever|Sometimes when you're hurting, it helps to throw yourself at something that will take your weight.
Mary Berry|As I approached my 95th birthday, I was burdened to write a book that addressed the epidemic of 'easy believism.' There is a mindset today that if people believe in God and do good works, they are going to Heaven.
Emma Donoghue, Room|The minute you had kids you closed ranks. You didn't plan this in advance, but it happened. Families were like individual, discrete, moated island nations. The little group of citizens on the slab of rock gathered together instinctively, almost defensively, and everyone who was outside the walls—even if you'd once been best friends—was now just that, outsiders.
Paulo Coelho|After weeks on the road, listening to a language you don’t understand, using a currency whose value you don’t comprehend, walking down streets you’ve never walked down before, you discover that your old “I,” along with everything you ever learned, is absolutely no use at all in the face of those new challenges, and you begin to realize that buried deep in your unconscious mind there is someone much more interesting and adventurous and more open to the world and to new experiences.
Harry Styles|When I speak of 'cycles,' I am referring to lengthy intervals of relative homogeneity, if not in the resolving of problems, than at least with respect to the consistency of their capacity to productively irritate.
Carmen Johnson|How are you supposed to know what to read next? This is the question that keeps us up at night, so at Day One our mission is to feed an audience of literature-hungry, time-constrained readers like you with a weekly lineup of talented authors, poets, and artists that we believe you will love. And if we can identify some of the next generation of literary stars, and cultivate an appreciation for transformative poetry and fiction, then frankly we will sleep better at night.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|We know that attention acts as a lightning rod. Merely by concentrating on something one causes endless analogies to collect around it, even penetrate the boundaries of the subject itself: an experience that we call coincidence, serendipity – the terminology is extensive. My experience has been that in these circular travels what is really significant surrounds a central absence, an absence that, paradoxically, is the text being written or to be written.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|End? No, the journey doesn't end here. Death is just another path, one that we all must take. The grey rain-curtain of this world rolls back, and all turns to silver glass, and then you see it. White shores, and beyond, a far green country under a swift sunrise." ― J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Once your past no longer has the power to define you, your future is, quite literally, yours for the taking. Every single beautiful thing you could possibly want or imagine will be yours.
Angelica Hopes|If I thought I could never love you more, I didn't understand you well enough.
youssef|There are things that man is not meant to interfere with, and the robust yet fragile temper of a woman is one of them.
Samantha Chase, Wildest Dreams|Stop talking," she said boldly as she closed the distance between them until they were touching. "We can walk to the bedroom or you can carry me but if you don't decide soon I may just go insane.
Stephanie Kuehnert, Ballads of Suburbia|I automatically assume people won't like me, so I don't talk to them unless they approach me first. I can't become a part of a crowd because I can't get past that feeling that I don't belong.
Elaine  White, Runaway Girl|Mind you, I cannot swear that my story is true. It may have been a dream; or worse, a symptom of some severe mental disorder. But I believe it is true. After all, how are we to know what things there are on earth? Strange monstrosities still exist, and foul, incredible perversions. Every war, each new geographical or scientific discovery, brings to light some new bit of ghastly evidence that the world is not altogether the same place we fondly imagine it to be. Sometimes peculiar incidents occur which hint of utter madness.How can we be sure that our smug conceptions of reality actually exist? To one man in a million dreadful knowledge is revealed, and the rest of us remain mercifully ignorant. There have been travelers who never came back, and research workers who disappeared. Some of those who did return were deemed mad because of what they told, and others sensibly concealed the wisdom that had so horribly been revealed. Blind as we are, we know a little of what lurks beneath our normal life. There have been tales of sea serpents and creatures of the deep; legends of dwarfs and giants; records of queer medical horrors and unnatural births. Stunted nightmares of men's personalities have blossomed into being under the awful stimulus of war, or pestilence, or famine. There have been cannibals, necrophiles, and ghouls; loathsome rites of worship and sacrifice; maniacal murders, and blasphemous crimes. When I think, then, of what I saw and heard, and compare it with certain other grotesque and unbelievable authenticities, I begin to fear for my reason.
Bipasha Basu|I've never really been aware of what is said about me, whether it's positive or negative. I ignore it. I've always had the mind-set: 'No one can challenge me better than myself.'
Donald A. Wollheim|I just don't think there are any rules to color. You have a small space with no windows? Put lamps in there, make it dramatic, paint the ceiling black. Do something with it. If it's dark, accentuate the darkness.
Gloria Tesch|[on his satisfaction as an artist] In terms of cinema and filmmaking, there are certainly the unexpected gifts that the actors bestow on you. Film is always a question of compromises with respect to what you originally intended.
J. Cole|I love babies, and I have my nephews that I love. I have a great mom and she has raised three kids, so if I take lessons from her, I think I'll be great. All my friends have little brothers or sisters.
Mark Twain|I've lived through some terrible things in my life, some of which actually happened.
Charles Bukowski, Women|Her one drink had Cecelia giggling and talking and she was explaining that animals had souls too. Nobody challenged her opinion. It was possible, we knew. What we weren't sure of was if we had any.
Sandy Nathan, Numenon|Concerning the popularity of vampire books:I don't get it. I think people should read about bloody, heart-singing, mind-searing spirituality. Live your heart’s song, not its drippings.
Sara Barellies Brave|I Am excited, this is a new day and one I have never experienced nor will again. What fantabulous miracles will show up today!
Daniel   Stern, Swingland: Between the Sheets of the Secretive, Sometimes Messy, but Always Adventurous Swinging Lifestyle|The selection process is simple. Hubby exhausts every ploy in his psychological arsenal to filter out the liars, fakes, and undesirables. (If only every husband were so devoted . . .) Me, I try to prove that I’m not the stereotypical single male. That I’m in the Lifestyle for the right reasons. That I’m courteous and respectful. All of which are true, but the burden of proof is onme. It always is.
Sabina Berman, Me, Who Dove into the Heart of the World|But here's the most incredible thing about it: the philosopher isn't proposing that as a concept; he's simply articulating what humans believe about themselves. That first they thing and therefore then they exist.What follows on from that is even worse: that since humans live that way, thinking that first they thing and then they exist, they also think that anything that doesn't think, also doesn't fully exist. Trees, the sea, the fish in the sea, the sun, the moon, a hill or a whole mountain range. None of that exists all the way; it exists on a second plane of existence, a lesser existence. Therefore, it deserves to be merchandise or food or background for humans and nothing more.
Christopher Henry Dawson, Religion and World History: A Selection from the Works of Christopher Dawson|When men follow justice the city blooms, the earth bears rich harvests, and children and flocks increase; but for the unjust all nature is hostile, the people waste away from famine, and a whole city may reap the evil fruit of one man's ill deeds.
Carter Bates|Unlike Panic! At The Disco, I write sins AND Tragedies.
Charlene Li, Open Leadership: How Social Technology Can Transform the Way You Lead|But here’s a critical point—more open decision making processes also typically require open information sharing. If you are going to involve more people in the process, they have to have the right information on which to base their decisions.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|It is not love that transforms the world, but pity.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|Moving from phonetics to etymology, ‘vagina’ originates from a word meaning sheath for a sword. Ain’t got no vagina.
Tom Allen|For more than forty years, the United States Congress has shamelessly used payroll taxes intended for Social Security to fund big government spending.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If people begin to be more grateful, they will see the wonders of life.
Margaret Atwood|The more you keep your door closed, the more you will rot! Open your door! Let different ideas, different beliefs, different cultures and different attitudes flow into your mind. Anything different will help you to enlarge your little world! By opening your door, you invite the whole universe to your tiny house! Enlarge your house and enrich yourself! As long as your door remains closed, you shall continue rotting in your poor world!
Valerie Solanas|In a society that tries to standardize thinking, individuality is not highly prized.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Live life with grace, there is no return from the grave.
Emma McLaughlin|Parenting classes should be mandatory, whether you are adopting or not, and would include an evaluation of your current physical, mental and financial state as well as how ready you are to take on the rigors of parenthood. Our children are our most precious natural resource, and there is absolutely no other way to parent but to put them first.
Erma Bombeck|It was a bitter moment for us. We weren't two mature parents. We were just two kids playing grown-up. We still needed Mommy and Daddy's permission, blessings, and money to survive.
Mark Zupan|To the Muslim woman, the hijab provides a sense of empowerment. It is a personal decision to dress modestly according to the command of a genderless Creator; to assert pride in self, and embrace one's faith openly, with independence and courageous conviction.
Normani Kordei|You need pencil miles to be a great artist, animator, or filmmaker, and the sooner you start making mistakes, the quicker you learn.
Martina Boone, Persuasion|It took vulnerability to forge strength, the way true courage required fear.
Elizabeth Morgan, Razel Dazzle|She was exquisite. She tasted, smelled, and felt right in every way to him, but as they collapsed into bed, sated and finally ready to sleep, it was the shy girl who had entered his arms. It was she who caressed his cheek while kissing him deeply and softly, her delicate fingers exploring his arms and back, sending shivers through him that always hit his heart. The china doll. It was she who fell asleep upon his chest with her arms wrapped around him. There was a want inside her, and he had felt it in every way. The last thought of his night was simply that he wanted to be the one to know her. To free her.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Sophie said to me once that she was glad she had been scarred. She said that whoever loved her now would love her true self, and not her pretty face. This is your true self, Tessa. This power is who you are. Whoever loves you now--and you must also love yourself--will love the truth of you.
Dada Bhagwan|When you put faith in that which you know, it is called faith (shraddha). When you put faith in what you don’t know; that is called ignorance-based faith [agnan- shraddha].
Stephen Kinzer|Politics - I still think it's a bunch of liars and a bunch of self-interest. It's not about the people: it's about themselves and their rise to power. They are voting on things based on whether they will have the support of the people when they vote next time. They don't have the balls to say, 'I believe in this. I don't care what happens.'
Joseph O'Neill, Netherland|As I repeatedly went forth with him and began to understand the ignorance and contradictions and language difficulties with which he contended, and the doubtful sources of his information and the seemingly bottomless history and darkness out of which the dishes of New York emerge, the deeper grew my suspicion that his work finally consisted of minting or perpetuating and in any event circulating misconceptions about his subject and in this way adding to the endless perplexity of the world.
Brian Holers, Doxology|Sarene finally released him, wiping her eyes, disappointed in herself for crying again. Kiin simply placed a large hand on her shoulder and led her into the dining room, where the rest of the family sat around the table, even Adien.Lukel had been talking animatedly, but he cut off as he saw Sarene. "Speak the name of the lion," he said, quoting a Jindoeese proverb, "and he will come to feast.
Vincent Starrett, Books and Bipeds|How much I love my mom cannot be measured in words, it's just too much and too hard to describe.
Shirley Hazzard, The Bay of Noon|Anyone can retire into a quiet place, wrote Evelyn Underhill, but it's the shutting of the door that makes the difference. Solitude is a time for stripping away everything in order to focus on God. (Matt 6:6)
Lewis Carroll|This is kind of insane, isn't it?" I asked. "I've only known you for a few days.""Five days. Six days if you include today." His blue eyes met mine, our foreheads still touching. "It's not insane. Insanity is a state of mind which prevents normal perception and/or behaviours."I chuckled at his clinical reply, but he pulled back so he could see my face properly and shrugged. "Jack, what I perceive of you, and how I've conducted myself in your company is with full mental cohesion." His cheeks stained with colour. "And Einstein would have you believe that insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results." He bit his lip and laughed at himself, I think. "But I don't want different results. I wouldn't change a thing.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Surfing is kind of a good metaphor for the rest of life. The extremely good stuff - chocolate and great sex and weddings and hilarious jokes - fills a minute portion of an adult lifespan. The rest of life is the paddling: work, paying bills, flossing, getting sick, dying.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|If the pen is mightier than the sword, a sharpie must be plain deadly!
Tennessee Williams, Cat on a Hot Tin Roof|Laws of silence don’t work…. When something is festering in your memory or your imagination, laws of silence don’t work, it’s just like shutting a door and locking it on a house on fire in hope of forgetting that the house is burning. But not facing a fire doesn’t put it out.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Girls and guys, don't let anyone tell you who and what you should be into.
christine zoldenz|The hand at her back stroked up and down. Never straying too far south, but igniting a fire inside her that she wanted this fireman to stoke instead of extinguish
Sunday Adelaja|People are busy creating families, building businesses, working from morning until night but they don’t know what it is to live a full life
Janet Jackson|Reading a book, watching a movie, going to a play, it's transporting, and very, very exciting. And to be a part of that, creating things with your imagination, whoa.
Félix J. Palma, The Map of the Sky|Books were my escape, they transported me to other worlds without step-mothers.
Suzy  Davies, Snugs The Snow Bear|Love is love, wherever you may find it—even when it's covered in feathers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be confident, be bold! These are your life greatest strength for success.
Andrea Levy|For, like the wind, the sun, or the flowing river, like a soaring man-of-war or a beetle under a stone, like a spider at a web or a crab scuttling sideways across a shore, Nimrod was free.
Wole Soyinka|I play myself all the time, on camera and off. What else can I do?
Whipplesnaith|[on why he considers Marlon Brando and Jean-Louis Trintignant to be his favorite actors] They don't externalize or project everything. They keep a mystery within themselves, and that I think is the sign of a truly great actor, to be able to maintain that.
Vironika Tugaleva|Taking care of yourself isn’t about trying to become perfect. It’s about realizing and honouring,in every moment, thatyou already are.
Ben Nelson|While President Bush likes to project an image of strength and courage, the real truth is that in the presence of his large financial contributors, he is a moral coward.
Robert Bresson|The propagandist naturally cannot reveal the true intentions of the principal for whom he acts... That would be to submit the projects to public discussion, to the scrutiny of public opinion, and thus to prevent their success... Propaganda must serve instead as a veil for such projects, masking true intentions.
Lucy Robinson, The Greatest Love Story of All Time|Well then that's our date confirmed. I am excited! Most girls want to know if I have long term plans to start a family; you want to know if I like 80s rap. I think I'm in love with you. Actually, I'm not you have a foul mouth and terrible taste in men by all accounts.
Aprilynne Pike, Spells|His face was tense, his jaw flexed as he stared at her. She could hardly stand to meet his eyes. They were an ocean of betrayal. They probed her, searching for the smallest sign that she didn't mean it. That spark of hope that never seemed to go out.
George Gordon Byron, Don Juan|A mouse can fall down a mine shaft a third of a mile deep without injury. A rat falling the same distance would break his bones; a man would simply splash ... Elephants have their legs thickened to an extent that seems disproportionate to us, but this is necessary if their unwieldy bulk is to be moved at all ... A 60-ft. man would weigh 1000 times as much as a normal man, but his thigh bone would have its area increased by only 100 times ... Consequently such an unfortunate monster would break his legs the moment he tried to
Scott Stabile|Everywhere I look I see people doing their best to make sense of this overwhelming reality, and to be kind, authentic human beings despite the many invitations we all receive to be phony, unkind assholes. Sometimes their best doesn’t look like much to me, and I remind myself that my best doesn’t look like much a lot of the time, too. I empathize. We’re all human, and we’re all struggling. Every single one of us, every single day. It’s not my job to police the paths of others, not when it takes so much effort to light my own.
Trisha Yearwood|Hillary Clinton is in political trouble and perhaps even legal trouble over her use of private e-mail accounts and bypassing government-issued accounts containing substantial amounts of information that belongs to the federal government. But ultimately, I don't think this latest controversy will hurt her presidential ambitions.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|Just think, she said to herself. I could be living on the Right Bank. I could be married to a senior clerk at the Treasury. I could be sitting with my feet up, embroidering a linen handkerchief with a rambling-rose design. Instead I'm on the rue des Cordeliers in pursuit of a baguette, with a three-inch blade for comfort.
Aly Khan|While there continues to be differences, the important point is that all citizens and elected officials use democratic and legal avenues for solving those differences.
R. Alan Woods, Kingdom Come: The Already But Not Yet|Use your own reason to find the truth. And to do this, you must first get rid of the myths that your culture injected to your brain!
Kristen Callihan, Moonglow|What if it turns out there really are witches and vampires and werewolves living right here alongside us? After all, what better disguise could there be than to get your image enshrined in the culture of the mass media? Anything that's described in artistic terms and shown in the movies stops being frightening and mysterious. For real horror you need the spoken word, you need an old grandpa sitting on a bench, scaring the grandkids in the evening: 'And then the Master of the house came to him and said: "I won't let you go, I'll tie you up and bind you tight and you'll rot under the fallen branches!"' That's the way to make people wary of anomalous phenomena! Kids sense that, you know–it's no wonder they love telling stories about the Black Han and the Coffin on Wheels. But modern literature, and especially the movies, it all just dilutes that instinctive horror. How can you feel afraid of Dracula, if he's been killed a hundred times? How can you be afraid of aliens, if our guys always squelch them? Yes, Hollywood is the great luller of human vigilance. A toast–to the death of Hollywood, for depriving us of a healthy fear of the unknown!
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|You never saw an angel, because they don’t exist – at least not in this Reality. They do exist in the realm of imagination – but then, just about anything can be conjured up there in a mind steeped in myth and lore.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|My dear countrymen, I hope that you will live to see the day when you learn to believe in other gods than a few movie whores and a couple of prize-fighters.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|Wow. You really know how to make a woman happy...""I have a night-eight percent success rate with always knowing what will make a woman happy," he said. Lindsey chuckled softly. "And how do you quantify that?""Would you like to know," he said.Nat wanted to know.
Vijay Kedia|Trading is injurious to your wealth. If you are smoking you may die in 20-30 years whereas by trading, this may happen the very next day.
Toni Morrison, Paradise|Let me tell you about love, that silly word you believe is about whether you like somebody or whether somebody likes you or whether you can put up with somebody in order to get something or someplace you want or you believe it has to do with how your body responds to another body like robins or bison or maybe you believe love is how forces or nature or luck is benign to you in particular not maiming or killing you but if so doing it for your own good. Love is none of that. There is nothing in nature like it. Not in robins or bison or in the banging tails of your hunting dogs and not in blossoms or suckling foal. Love is divine only and difficult always. If you think it is easy you are a fool. If you think it is natural you are blind. It is a learned application without reason or motive except that it is God. You do not deserve love regardless of the suffering you have endured. You do not deserve love because somebody did you wrong. You do not deserve love just because you want it. You can only earn - by practice and careful contemplations - the right to express it and you have to learn how to accept it. Which is to say you have to earn God. You have to practice God. You have to think God-carefully. And if you are a good and diligent student you may secure the right to show love. Love is not a gift. It is a diploma. A diploma conferring certain privileges: the privilege of expressing love and the privilege of receiving it. How do you know you have graduated? You don't. What you do know is that you are human and therefore educable, and therefore capable of learning how to learn, and therefore interesting to God, who is interested only in Himself which is to say He is interested only in love. Do you understand me? God is not interested in you. He is interested in love and the bliss it brings to those who understand and share the interest. Couples that enter the sacrament of marriage and are not prepared to go the distance or are not willing to get right with the real love of God cannot thrive. They may cleave together like robins or gulls or anything else that mates for life. But if they eschew this mighty course, at the moment when all are judged for the disposition of their eternal lives, their cleaving won't mean a thing. God bless the pure and holy. Amen.
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|Since Percy’d lost his memory,his whole life was one big fillin-the-blank. He was____________________, from____________________. He felt like____________________, and if the monsterscaught him, he’d be____________________.
David Cotos, Una mujer sin historia|If you do not learn to think today, tomorrow someone else will do and will wangle you.THE WOMAN THAT USED TO PLAY HIDE AND SEEK, a story by David Cotos.
Nelson Nshekanabo|If you are doing something good, never do it free
Ninni Holmqvist, The Unit|I was happy in the dream; but when I woke up it was with a feeling that I was falling apart, that I was cracking up from the inside and slowly falling to pieces. My heart was jumping and grating like a cold engine that doesn't want to start. My skin was crawling, and I couldn't manage a single clear thought. It was as if all my thoughts were crushed to bits just as they began to take shape. I didn't get much done that day.
Nicholas Boothman, How to Make People Like You in 90 Seconds or Less|A dash of humor will only add intense gravity to the proceedings, even as a flash of lightning only makes midnight dreariness all the more impressive.
Michelle McLean, Wish Upon a Star|I can taste fear, and lies, on a man's skin, Cavrax." The Master Priest whispered, watching the large pulse on the cleric's neck beat like a caged thing begging for release. "You're lying to me.
Amanda Quick, Rendezvous|Courage is chief among virtues. For when any virtue is challenged, it is courage alone that can restore virtue.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Eye Contact. Direct eye contact is one of the best compliments you can give to another. You are subliminally telling them that you are listening, they matter, and that what they have to say is important.
Libba Bray|I change the world, the world changes me.
Thich Nhat Hanh|If Gerry were dying of thirst and spotted Alex two feet from a well, he still would not think he required his younger brother's help. It simply would never occur to him that Alex might be able to provide it.
LaTonya "Tee" Johnson|Joy, it is, which I’ve never known before, only pleasure or excitement. Joy is a different thing, because its focus exists outside the self – delight in something external, not satisfaction of some inner craving.
Criss Jami|We priests are sneered at and always shall be—the accusation is such an easy one—as deeply envious, hypocritical haters of virility. Yet whosoever has experienced sin must know that lust, with its parasitic growth, is for ever threatening to stifle virility as well as intelligence. Impotent to create, it can only contaminate in the germ the frail promise of humanity; it is probably at the very source, the primal cause of all human blemishes; and when amid the windings of this huge jungle whose paths are unknown, we encounter Lust, just as she is, as she emerged forth from the hands of the Master of Prodigies, the cry from our hearts is not only terror but imprecation: 'You, you alone have set death loose upon the world!
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|If you have control over yourself, you have no desire to control others.
Billy Joel|And the waitress is practicing politicsAs the businessmen slowly get stonedYes, they're sharing a drink they call lonelinessBut its better than drinkin' alone
Butch Walker, Drinking with Strangers: Music Lessons from a Teenage Bullet Belt|Your youth is the most important thing you will ever have. It's when you will connect to music like a primal urge, and the memories attached to the songs will never leave you. Please hold on to everything. Keep every note, mix tape, concert ticket stub, and memory you have of music from your youth. It'll be the one thing that might keep you young, even if you aren't anymore.
Herbert M. Shelton, Food and Feeding|She was not a vegetarian and knew firsthand animals had to die for her delectation, but she never liked to think about it.
Ranbir Kapoor|I've done five films directed by women. I did like it. They had qualities, particularly in the romantic tenderness of scenes. I felt sometimes they were a little bit soft, but maybe they were clever to get the guys working the way they wanted them to.
Allison Kilkenny Jamie Kilstein|Only two things matter in the reproductive health debate: the medical opinions of doctors, and the will of women. Also, feminism is intricately connected with all aspects of our society, including health, but also labor and the economy. A woman can't be an equal player in our society until she has total autonomy, and that includes determining the destiny of her own body.
Daniel Walker Howe, What Hath God Wrought: The Transformation of America, 1815-1848|I couldn't open up a magazine, you couldn't read a newspaper, you couldn't turn on the TV without hearing about the obesity epidemic in America.
A. Edward Newton, A Magnificent Farce And Other Diversions Of A Book Collector|Who was it who said, "I hold the buying of more books than one can peradventure read, as nothing less than the soul's reaching towards infinity; which is the only thing that raises us above the beasts that perish?" Whoever it was, I agree with him.
Chuck Palahniuk, Snuff|No, whether a woman is a concubine to fuck or a damsel to redeem, she's always just some passive object to fulfill a man's purpose.
Greg L. Bahnsen|I don’t fundamentally understand why people give a shit about what other people put up their noses or what other people put in their veins or what other people breathe into their lungs. I mean I sort of care like if somebodies an addict it’s very destructive to people around that addict. It’s destructive to themselves. I’d like to get them help. I certainly support that which is to get that person help but, I don’t understand how people wake up and say I have to eradicate drug use across the land. “I gotta stick my nose into the business of what other people stick up their nose.”  I just find that incomprehensible. I mean, is your life so vacant and so hysterical, so empty, so void of love, care and affection? I can go play with my daughter or I can go and obsessively try and get politicians to throw people in jail for doing things I don’t like. I can’t imagine why people would be choosing option “B” but, only because they don’t have anyone who loves them or, anyone they care about. They don’t have any rich, significant, important, hobbies, relationships, artistic pursuits or anything rich enough to keep them from obsessing about what other people do or bossing and bulling what other people do. This “stick your nose in other people’s business” Is so compulsive and epidemic to human society.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again. It seemed to me I stood by the iron gate leading to the drive, and for a while I could not enter for the way was barred to me. There was a padlock and a chain upon the gate. I called in my dream to the lodge-keeper, and had no answer, and peering closer through the rusted spokes of the gate I saw that the lodge was uninhabited. No smoke came from the chimney, and the little lattice windows gaped forlorn. Then, like all dreamers, I was possessed of a sudden with supernatural powers and passed like a spirit through the barrier before me. The drive wound away in front of me, twisting and turning as it had always done, but as I advanced I was aware that a change had come upon it; it was narrow and unkempt, not the drive that we had known. At first I was puzzled and did not understand, and it was only when I bent my head to avoid the low swinging branch of a tree that I realized what had happened. Nature had come into her own again, and, little by little, in her stealthy, insidious way, had encroached upon the drive with long, tenacious fingers. The woods, always a menace even in the past, had triumphed in the end. They crowded, dark and uncontrolled, to the orders of the drive. The beeches with white, naked limbs leant close to one another, their branches intermingled in a strange embrace, making a vault above my head like the archway of a church. And there were other trees as well, trees that I did not recognize, squat oaks and tortured elms that straggled cheek by jowl with the beeches, and had thrust themselves out of the quiet earth, along with monster shrubs and plants, none of which I remembered surely the miles had multiplied, even as the trees had done, and this path led but to a labyrinth, some choked wilderness, and not to the house at all. I cam upon it suddenly There was Manderley secretive and silent as it had always been, the grey stone shining in the moonlight of my dream, the mullioned windows reflecting the green lawns and the terrace. Time could not wreck the perfect symmetry of those walls nor the site itself, a jewel in the hollow of a hand.” Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca, 1938.
Vicente Huidobro, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|Was Apollo worth all the effort and expense? If it had been about the Moon, the answer would be no, but it wasn't, it was about the Earth. The answer is yes. The only thing I can't see in all this is a rationale for going back. Unless we could find a way to take everyone.
Kamand Kojouri|Sometimes a writer simply finds new ways of saying what has already been said because, ultimately, truth is unoriginal.
Geraldine Ferraro|I liked the humor of it, I've always enjoyed a sense of humor in God and in religion and in spirituality.
Flannery O'Connor|Week before last I went to Wesleyan and read “A Good Man Is Hard to Find.” After it I went to one of the classes where I was asked questions. There were a couple of young teachers there and one of them, an earnest type, started asking the questions. “Miss O’Connor,” he said, “why was the Misfit’s hat black?” I said most countrymen in Georgia wore black hats. He looked pretty disappointed. Then he said, “Miss O’Connor, the Misfit represents Christ, does he not?” “He does not,” I said. He looked crushed. “Well, Miss O’Connor,” he said, “what is the significance of the Misfit’s hat?” I said it was to cover his head; and after that he left me alone. Anyway, that’s what’s happening to the teaching of literature.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|God is closer than you think. In your heart, is his truth and light.
Bryan Islip, Like an Angel Sings|Someone said it better than that; be true unto yourself. Self, right? No-one else. If everyone was true unto his or her self there might even be a chance of something better for us all.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|She was a most wonderful woman for prowling about the house. How she got from story to story was a mystery beyond solution. A lady so decorous in herself, and so highly connected, was not to be suspected of dropping over the banisters or sliding down them, yet her extraordinary facility of locomotion suggested the wild idea. Another noticeable circumstance in Mrs. Sparsit was, that she was never hurried. She would shoot with consummate velocity from the roof to the hall, yet would be in full possession of her breath and dignity on the moment of her arrival there. Neither was she ever seen by human vision to go at a great pace.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|A good teacher is one, that never stops listening; a good listener is one, that never stops teaching.
Alfred Tennyson, The Complete Works of Alfred Tennyson|Once in a golden hour I cast to earth a seed. Up there came a flower, The people said, a weed.
Thomas Szasz, The Second Sin|Life wasn’t perfect, but it wasn’t supposed to be. Eternal beauty could not exist if it were not for the face of a fatal flaw.
Dada Bhagwan|If anger-pride-deceit-greed occur, let them occur. There is nothing wrong if you have thoughts of bad conduct, do not be afraid, however, you must repent (do pratikraman) and turn it around, this will result in a high level of dharmadhyan [auspicious contemplation] .
Keith A. Mathison, Postmillennialism|Until the Second Coming, sin will remain a part of earthly existence. And as long as there is sin, there will be suffering and pain. But suffering by persecution is not a sine qua non of the church. If it is, there are few if any true churches in North America today.
Firoozeh Dumas, It Ain't So Awful, Falafel|Who would have ever though that a person could be so powerful, then so completely powerless, all in the same lifetime?
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Children can feel, but they cannot analyse their feelings; and if the analysis is partially effected in thought, they know not how to express the result of the process in words.
Sara Sheridan, London Calling|Lately Mirabelle had reflected wistfully if people even noticed her – a smartly dressed woman who came and went along the Promenade, always alone.
W. H. Auden|My only advice is, follow your dream and do whatever you like to do the most. I chose journalism because I wanted to be in the places where history was being made.
İpek Çalışlar, Halide Edib|Ey binamaz diye beni haktan uzak görenSığmaz senin hayaline mihrab-ı minberim Sen sade beş vakitte ararsın ilahını,Ben her zaman onunla emin ol beraberim.
Charles Kingsley|How can people trust the harvest, unless they see it sown?
Wodke Hawkinson, Dark Longings|Well, it’s an anomaly! He must have received the wrong dosage. That’s what happens when you put these matters in the hands of morons.
Cornell Woolrich|You'd be surprised how difficult it is to ask alms of a stranger when you've never done it before, what a psychological barrier separates the honest man from the panhandler. ("Dusk To Dawn")
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|At best, love is simply the slipping of a hand in another's, of knowing you are where you belong at last, and of exchanging through the eyes that all-consuming regard which ignores everybody else on earth.
James Surowiecki|The millennials were raised in a cocoon, their anxious parents afraid to let them go out in the park to play. So should we be surprised that they learned to leverage technology to build community, tweeting and texting and friending while their elders were still dialing long-distance?
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|After midday, the rain eased, and the Land Rover rode into Pokhara on a shaft of storm light. Next day there was humid sun and shifting southern skies, but to the north a deep tumult of swirling grays was all that could be seen of the Himalaya. At dusk, white egrets flapped across the sunken clouds, now black with rain; on earth, the dark had come. Then four miles above these mud streets of the lowlands, at a point so high as to seem overhead, a luminous whiteness shone- the light of snows. Glaciers loomed and vanished in the grays, and the sky parted, and the snow cone of Machhapuchare glistened like a spire of a higher kingdom. In the night, the stars convened, and the vast ghost of Machhapuchare radiated light, although there was no moon.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Anybody who has done high school physics knows Newton’s Third Law. For every action there is an equal and opposite reaction. You push against a wall; it pushes back against you. I love the poetry hidden in these truths, in the many laws we’ve discovered that underpin the universal fabric. We search for meaning ever hungrier, perhaps even with desperation: the symmetry in the equations freaks us out; for all we know, there is just us on this lonely little marble in the inky void.
Amy Jarecki, The Time Traveler's Christmas|He clutched her to him with a desperate strength that almost hurt. "I will love you for your light, if you can love me through the dark times. And that love will be like the clear night sky when the moon is full. Not like the sun....but beautiful and bright enough to find our way.
Debasish Mishra|Each day is a dry leaf, which never comes back to life again.
Melanie Klein|Although psychology and pedagogy have always maintained the belief that a child is a happy being without any conflicts, and have assumed that the sufferings of adults are the results of the burdens and hardships of reality, it must be asserted that just the opposite is true. What we learn about the child and the adult through psychoanalysis shows that all the sufferings of later life are for the most part repetitions of these earlier ones, and that every child in the first years of life goes through and immeasurable degree of suffering.
Dada Bhagwan|The amount of abhorrence that departs, that much of ‘Pure Love’ arises. When abhorrence goes away completely, then Pure Love arises in totality. This is the only way.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Secret|CPR dummy looked like him and had clearly been stabbed. Repeatedly. In the groin. He thought she might have used the dummy for target practice, and tried not to be offended. Key word: tried.
Robert E. Dunn, The Red Highway|There is a little furnace within every heart that burns pain. It is formed by a masonry of scars as tick by tick the tireless mechanics of life strip the innocence bestowed upon us at birth. There are some in whom life builds the furnace small and controllable, a passionate heat to burn off the losses, the harsh words and petty disappointments, leaving us cleaner for it. There are others. There are those whose innocence is assaulted early and with such brutality, that it goes beyond all the boundaries of deities and angels to stray into the world of unfettered evil. They build their furnaces differently.
Cherise Sinclair, Show Me, Baby|Thus, she had learned a romance book was fiction. A hero who truly cared for the heroine was called a fantasy.
Elizabeth Peters, He Shall Thunder in the Sky|Over the next few days, every knowing glance and furtive look reminded me how much small towns loved to gossip. My mother delighted me each day by telling me what she’d heard. I’d pushed Leo behind a snap pea display at the farmers’ market and wrestled him to the ground. I’d offered him my bagel repeatedly, refusing to take no for an answer. I’d been seen out behind the market, helping him load up his vegetables and been caught holding his cucumber. That was my favorite.
Malcolm Gladwell, Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking|. . . I'm not sure we always respect the mysteries of the locked door and the dangers of the storytelling problem. There are times when we demand an explanation when an explanation really isn't possible, and, as we'll explore in the upcoming chapters of this book, doing so can have serious consequences. 'After the O.J. Simpson verdict, one of the jurors appeared on TV and said with absolute conviction, "Race had absolutely nothing to do with my decision,"' psychologist Joshua Aronson says. 'But how on earth could she know that? What my [and others] research . . . show[s] is that people are ignorant of the things that affect their actions, yet they rarely feel ignorant. We need to accept our ignorance and say "I don't know" more often.
Sam Sykes, Shy Knives|Whoever and whatever you envision yourself to be, you be it! Your destiny is a matter of you overcoming your environment and deciding you shall become who you want to be. The first rule you need to know is FAILURE IS NOT AN OPTION! Each day the whole world conspires to beat you, bend you, break you and mold you into a shape of its creation and turn you into another of its mass produced puppets. The world wants to take away your individuality, your uniqueness, with each breath you take. Well Fuck ALL THAT! Every day you make damn sure you wake up in the morning, give thanks to God for another day, get out of bed and say it loud like you proud to the world - “I am who I am, deal with it, Bitch!
Charbel Tadros|A friend is like a mirror: he’s the one who reflects your light most accurately. However, a close friend not only reflects your self but enhances and embellishes it.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Normance|If anything, global response to the Rising only confirmed something that many Australians had quietly believed for quite some time: If forced to live in Australia for a year, most of the world’s population would simply curl up in a fetal ball and die of terror.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|I am only one, but that is infinitely better than being none.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Warning to the West|He was abusing Big Brother, he was denouncing the dictatorship of the Party, he was demanding the immediate conclusion of peace with Eurasia, he was advocating freedom of speech, freedom of the Press, freedom of assembly, freedom of thought, he was crying hysterically that the revolution had been betrayed — and all this in rapid polysyllabic speech which was a sort of parody of the habitual style of the orators of the Party, and even contained Newspeak words: more Newspeak words, indeed, than any Party member would normally use in real life.
Shannon Tanner, Worthy: The POWER of Wholeness|The smiles of ancient soulsThat bless this,Our space to live and learnAnd urge us on to shine again…
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|So tell me, Thais, you say all things happen for a reason. What if I never found you wandering in the forest that day?" he asked. Thais didn't miss a beat. "Was I wandering?" he asked, but before Kathel answered Thais spoke again. "The question, Kathel, may be, who found who?"-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Chris Matakas|As an instructor, my goal has always been to use Jiu Jitsu as a vehicle to help our students achieve their goals, whatever the case may be. I have yet to find a better vehicle for growth, and the moment I do I will certainly pursue it with the rivaled fervor that I approached Jiu Jitsu.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|There’s a little trick called the Rule of Three: if you use any three of the five senses, it will make the scene immediately three-dimensional.
Pastor Adelaja Sunday|While Lyndon Johnson was not, as his two assistants knew, a reader of books, he was, they knew, a reader of men— a great reader of men.
Lucius Accius|There is a clear goal and it isn't to make money. The goal is to desperately try to make the best products we can. We are not naive - if you trust it, people like it, they buy it and we make money. This is a consequence.
Oscar Wilde|So to all Americans, in every city near and far, small and large, from mountain to mountain, and from ocean to ocean, hear these words: You will never be ignored again. Your voice, your hopes, and your dreams will define our American destiny. And your courage and goodness and love will forever guide us along the way.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you face the worst situation, what do you do? Do you cry? No!With positive mentality you can graciously overcome the situation.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|If I were a blind man and were told by you that you possess a faculty called sight, I should be unreasonable if I railed at you as a conceited enthusiast.
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|This is what Kay needs right now, soft touching and caring. When we're together, I want to love her just like this.
Thomas Bernhard, Concrete|Parents have a child, and in doing so they bring into the world a monster that kills everything it comes in contact with.
Sebastian Junger, War|The problem with fear, though, is that it isn’t any one thing. Fear has a whole taxonomy—anxiety, dread, panic, foreboding—and you could be braced for one form and completely fall apart facing another.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sin has tarnished every area of life, and [Christ] wants to erase its stain everywhere.
Iben Dissing Sandahl, Play The Danish Way: A Guide to Raising Balanced, Resilient and Healthy Children through Play|Did I live? The human world is like a vast musical instrument on which we play our individual part while simultaneously listening to the compositions of others in an effort to contribute to the whole. We don't chose whether to engage, only how to; we either harmonize or create dissonance. Our words, our deeds, our very presence create and leave impressions in the minds of others just as a writer makes impressions with their words. Who you are is an unfolding narrative. You came from nothing and will return there eventually. Instead of taking ourselves so seriously all the time, we can discover the playful irony of a story that has never been told in quite this way before. -- Stephen Batchelor, Buddhism Without Beliefs
Neal Stephenson|And yet all the gold is in England, it is dug up from Portuguese and Spanish mines, but it flows by some occult power of attraction to the Tower of London.” “Flows,” Caroline repeated. “Flows, like a current.” Sophie nodded. “And the English have grown so used to this that they use ‘currency’ as a synonym for money, as if no distinction need be observed between them.
Carl William Brown, Aforismi. Volume primo.|The point is not that angering people should be the goal for every brand. It's that attempting to avoid controversy at all costs is sometimes the riskier option. It can deprive a brand of its distinctiveness and edge. Too often, marketers strive to please the broadest number of people possible. The result can be communications that no one hates. But no one loves either.
G.K. Chesterton, Manalive|Unhappy! of course you'll be unhappy. Who the devil are you that you shouldn't be unhappy, like the mother that bore you?
Abhijit Naskar|Man and woman are the two wheels of society. If either one becomes defective, the society cannot make progress.
L'Wren Scott|I remember my first taste of American big movies was 'Ghost Rider.' I'm in two little scenes. But for those two little scenes they had 400 extras, upside-down stunt cars, and a fire brigade.
Victoria Vane|Damn, but it was a night, Ned! Now, not to be outdone, it appears our reverend mother Hayes is inspired by Captain Cook's latest voyage to the South Pacific.""I give the woman credit for creativity." Ned laughed. "Have you read John Hawkesworth's account of the voyage?"Ludovic's brows lifted ever so slightly. "Come now, Ned, do I truly look like a man who entertains himself with books?
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|JP shouted, "TELL THEM WHAT YOU JUST DID TO EACH OTHER!""Um," I said."We kissed," the Duke said."That's kinda gay," Keun said."I AM A GIRL.""Yeah, I know, but so is Tobin," Keun said.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|We are intelligent and compassionate creatures and we can make choices. We can fortify our hearts in goodness and do the right things. Or we can turn our heads the other way and pretend again that bad things are not happening. That they will disappear because they have nothing to do with us, because we are not accountable. Well, this is also our choice. But in that case, I am afraid, this world will be lost for us.
C. JoyBell C.|I believe that we are not determined either to heaven or to hell, through our actions here on Earth. On the contrary, I believe that we come either from heaven or from hell, prior to this life, and we carry our prior origins inside of us, at all times. People just go back to where they originally came from. And they live in this life as a result of where they once were. Of course, we have the capacities to develop and to build and to create more, while we are here, and perhaps even to change the course of our destinies, but I believe that the soul matter of individuals, are varied and are not of all the same origins.
Valjeanne Jeffers, The Time of Legend|Find your self love. Find that precious thing inside you thatmakes you want to live. And when you’ve found it, hold on to it with onehand, and use the other to claw your way back home.-Ripple
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The challenge therefore, as you strive for success, is to make it a habit to live your life on purpose. You must learn to make deliberate plans and then practice the art and science of doing things on purpose.
Ali Harper, Beautiful Bedlam|The most beautiful heart of all is the one that can still love even while it bleeds, and especially after its been broken into thousands of pieces
E.M. Forster, Aspects of the Novel|Each job requires a conscious choice of career path, and a different plan of development.
Rafael Campo|Maybe the conference was an inversion layer of another kind, bringing me face-to-face with old friends and old places. With cancer and the Gap and the Old Man, railing about newfangled players and spicy food. Bringing me face-to-face early with death and old age and change.
Victoria Scott, The Collector|you're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life
Dominique Eastwick, Tony's Haven|You taste like heaven, and I’m going to prove it to you.
Joseph G. Peterson, Wanted: Elevator Man|Every child knows its mother, Dany thought. When the seas go dry and the mountains blow in the wind like leaves.
Rebecca Goldstein, 36 Arguments for the Existence of God: A Work of Fiction|What do you gain if you ban employees from, say, visiting a social-networking site or watching YouTube while at work? You gain nothing. That time doesn’t magically convert to work. They’ll just find some other diversion.
Paulo Coelho|Love is not a habit, a commitment, or a debt. It isn't what romantic songs tell us it is - love simply is.
Tsugumi Ohba|Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win
Francis A. Schaeffer, The God Who Is There|To the extent that anyone gives up the mentality of antithesis, he has moved over to the other side, even if he still tries to defend orthodoxy or evangelicalism. If Christians are to take advantage of the death of romanticism, we must consciously build back the mentality and practice of antithesis among Christians in doctrine and life. We must do it in our teaching and example toward compromise, both ecclesiastically and in evangelism. To fail to exhibit that we take truth seriously at these points where there is a cost in doing so, is to push the next generation into the relative, dialectical millstream that surrounds us.
Marilynne Robinson|The sound of natural things was wonderful to us. In the middle of all the suffering, it seemed pure, untouched.
Gertrude Stein, Paris France|After all everybody, that is, everybody who writes is interested in living inside themselves in order to tell what is inside themselves. That is why writers have to have two countries, the one where they belong and the one in which they live really. The second one is romantic, is is separate from themselves, it is not real but it is really there.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Life, although it may only be an accumulation of anguish, is dear to me, and I will defend it.
Amy Reed, Beautiful|Don't choose the one who's beautiful to the world, but rather, choose the one who makes your world beautiful.
Wu Wei, I Ching Wisdom: More Guidance from the Book of Answers, Volume Two|Wisdom is not measured by age ,Intelligence is not measured by grades ,Personality is not measured by what others say
Lisa Washington|Seek first the kingdom of heaven WITHIN, whereby lies an abundance of treasures and resources that you need
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|Hate will cause you to "catch a case". Release yourself from your own personal jail before you are put in the real one for life! It ain't worth it!!
Leslie Dewan|If women be educated for dependence; that is, to act according to the will of another fallible being, and submit, right or wrong, to power, where are we to stop?
Nelson Mandela|Justice must be done in investigating the tragic death of Mr. Freddie Gray. His family deserves our deepest sympathy and respect for their loss, and our admiration for their courage in calling us, as a city, to act as our better selves.
Coleman Cox|The God to whom I was introduced as a child was basically a Jewish one: male, fatherly, Anglo-European, bearded, angrily loving, judgmental, righteously indignant,mand frighteningly powerful, not to mention present everywhere and all-knowing. In trying to make sense of this God, man has continued to manufacture and manipulate images of this perceived deity. The images have changed over the centuries, based on the mood of the times. During kind times when harvests were abundant and peace reigned (admittedly rare in the ancient world), God was benevolent. When plpague and famine killed millions, God was portrayed as enraged and vengeful. To this day, this emotionally infantile God remains in power, a fear-based aberration produced by fevered imaginations, promoted by those who understand how such a deity can be used to gain and consolidate power over believers, and protected by flocks of billions who refuse to question their damning God for fear of their own damnation -- or out of an even greater immediate terror of social and cultural isolation. But I argue that it is PRECISELY this image of God -- an infantile, simplistic, ridiculous notion of the sublime power that underlies the world -- that is destroying civil religion, fueling the rage of the "angry atheist" movement, and pitting science against the spiritual at a time when we should be using every tool within reach to discover what it means to be human -- and divinely human at that.
Simone de Beauvoir, Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter|The fear of death never left me; I couldn't get used to the thought; I would still sometimes shake and weep with terror. By contrast, the fact of existence here and now sometimes took on a glorious splendour.
Lyall Watson, Gifts of Unknown Things: A True Story of Nature, Healing, and Initiation from Indonesia's Dancing Island|Dancing is surely the most basic and relevant of all forms of expression. Nothing else can so effectively give outward form to an inner experience. Poetry and music exist in time. Painting and architecture are a part of space. But only the dance lives at once in both space and time. In it the creator and the thing created, the artist and the expression, are one. Each participates completely in the other. There could be no better metaphor for an understanding of the mechanics of the cosmos.
Haruki Murakami|Maybe you didn't want to get married, or get tied down?'Tsukuru shook his head. 'No, I don't think that was it. I'm the sort of person who craves stability.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|Lincoln Road that sorrow is most difficult for the young because it, "takes them unawares." The old, he said, have learned to anticipate difficulty. Lincoln wrote that sorrow is most difficult for the young because it, "takes them unawares." The old, he said, have learned to anticipate difficulty.
Janet Poppendieck, Sweet Charity?: Emergency Food and the End of Entitlement|By defining the problem as "hunger," the emergency food system is helping to direct our attention away from the more fundamental problem of poverty, and the even more basic problem of inequality.
Carla Reighard, Elle's Magical Shoes|In the winter, the snow had become glittery fairy dust that had given all the creatures of the meadow warm clothes and a fire to help them endure the winter.
John Lennon|Love is a promise, love is a souvenir, once given never forgotten, never let it disappear.
Jessica Simpson|My mum is really fair and has blonde hair, and my dad is not dark, either.
Nina Ardianti, Restart|I thought you're someone worth fighting for. But after all, you're not.
Pamela Clare, Surrender|Killy arched an eyebrow in disbelief. "Don't be thinkin' you can deceive this old man. I've been makin' a fool of myself over women since before you were born.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|How many truths pass wrecking through the Illusion of Life, but none of them is an absolute truth therefore the real truth!
Mamata Banerjee|Whenever anything extraordinary is done in American municipal politics, whether for good or for evil, you can trace it almost invariably to one man. The people do not do it. Neither do the 'gangs,' 'combines,' or political parties.
Sanjo Jendayi|Stephen King have a lot of books about the writing not only "The Writting: Memoir and Craft", but and "Nightmares and Dreamscapes", however "Misery", also and "Bag of Bones" and even and others. Which is awesome, different perspectives for being a an writer.
Madeline Hunter, The Romantic|Marry me, Rachel.''Not yet.''Tomorrow, Rachel. Marry me.''Maybe tomorrow.''There is no common blood between us. Say it,' pleads Zachariah.'There is no common blood between us,' murmurs Rachel.'I am not your brother.''I know.'He traces her face with his swollen fingers, across the brow bones and down the zygomatics, and along the jaw from earlobe to chin, sweeping away the brine as he goes.'I am your Wolff,' he says.'And I am your Wolff,' she replies.Let the day begin.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When the conscience runs pure and strong in the heart of thinking humanity, there is not power in any fundamentalism to take hold of the human civilization and drag it back to the medieval days of barbarianism.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Art is in the eye of the beholder, and everyone will have their own interpretation.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|You know these things as thoughts, but your thoughts are not your experiences, they are an echo and after-effect of your experiences: as when your room trembles whe na carriage goes past. I however am sitting in the carriage, and often I am the carriage itself.Ina man who thinks like this, the dichotomy between thinking and feeling, intellect and passion, has really disappeared. He feels his thoughts. He can fall in love with an idea. An idea can make him ill.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Dreaming and loving and screwing. None of these are identities. Maybe when other people look at us, but not to ourselves. We are so much more complicated than that.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Let your work speak for itself:If poor, it will remain silent.If average, it will whisper.If good, it will talk.If great, it will shout.If genius, it will sing.
Harrish Sairaman|But it’s a hundred and twelve years old!” He protested.“She still works pretty good.” Deire maintained. “Stardrive gets a mite twitchy at warp 4, but that’s just a dodgy plasma injector.
Woo Myung, The Living Eternal World|The true Mind is one that exists before and beyond one's delusional, self-centered, attachment-filled mind.
Crimson Peak|The things that we do for love is ugly, mad, full of seat and regret.
Colleen Houck|Ren took off his jacket, which slicited a squeak from Jennifer who was now totally focused on Ren's golden-bronze biceps. His perfectly fitted muscle shirt showed off his extremely well-developed arms and chest. I hissed at him quietly, "For heaven's sake, Ren! You're going to give the women heart palpitations!
Sunday Adelaja|Neither your position in society, nor power, nor dignity, nor selfishness, nor even personal promotion should enslave you
Saminu Kanti|Education does not exist for the benefit of students or for the benefit of their parents. It's exists for the benefit of social order. You do not need to be a student or have a child who is a student to benefit from education. Every second of every day of your life, you benefit from education.
Colin Meloy, Wildwood Imperium|Most of us live our lives like toads, sitting perfectly still, under a plantain leaf. We are waiting for a fly to come our way. When it comes out darts the tongue. We nab it.That is all. We eat it.
Gloria Swanson|When I was 10, I asked my parents for a set of weights. I had my Charles Atlas book to go along with that. Every time we went to the grocery store, I'd rush to the magazine area and read the ones with Arnold Schwarzenegger and all those guys on the covers: 'Pumping Iron,' 'Muscle and Fitness,' 'Muscle Builder by Joe Weider.'
Laurell K. Hamilton, Seduced by Moonlight|Why? What's wrong with being emotional about this? why is that a negative thing? Why isn't the emotional decision the right decision?" asked the woman who wasn't crying.
Novalis|People were more interested in the phenomena than the art itself. This, combined with the growing interest in collecting art as an investment and the resultant boom in the art market, made it a difficult time for a young artist to remain sincere without becoming cynical.
Adam Smith, The Theory of Moral Sentiments|He who loved himself became great in himself, and he who loved others became great through his devotion, but he who loved God became greater than all.
Miguel de Unamuno|If it is nothingness that awaits us, let us make an injustice of it, let us fight against destiny, even without hope of victory.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tales of the Jazz Age|Living a horror movie cliché, so to speak?” Caleb softly replied. “I know this is hard to comprehend, especially since we study science and things that are proven or explainable. But, all my life I’ve been on the road to this very place.” He pointed downwards with his index finger for effect. “Many things I’ve personally seen keep leading me to the same conclusion. In reality, the impossible doesn’t exist.
Pauli Murray|Never wanna leave my Justice, my home.So I bring her with me, my baby Lonesome.Don't matter, Justice is always there,Always right there, no matter where I go.My baby Lonesome,Makin' it so I'm never missin' home.
Allan Hall|I'll show you my theory, if you show me yours.
Avina Celeste|Be kind to others and you will find that others are kind to you. Being positive will spread positivity back to you. If you give out a pleasant energy, you will receive a pleasant energy.
Compton Gage|Thine own things, and such as are grown up with thee, canst thou not know; How should thy vessel then be able to comprehend the way of the Highest, and, the world being now outwardly corrupted to understand the corruption that is evident in my sight?
Henry Cloud|I hope someday she meets just the right man and has babies - a whole passel of babies, more than I could have - so she understands how it kills me now that she won't let me hug her when she's in obvious distress. (The Life You've Imagined)
Alan Gibbons, The Dark Beneath|Misery is a routine you can learn to live with. It's like rain. Once you're soaked to the skin, you can't get any wetter.
David Levithan, Every Day|Don’t love deeply, till you make sure that the other part loves you with the same depth, because the depth of your love today, is the depth of your wound tomorrow.
Tommy Cooper|Marriage is survived just on the basis of ordinary etiquette, day in and day out. Also cooking together helps a lot... I've seen all these marriages that failed. Those people are always hollering at each other. That doesn't work.
John Steeksma|And if ever you need encouragement, remember at least two sober facts which nobody can rationally deny: that you are a new and unique living force in nature, and that you can, by taking thought and pursuing it, become more and more intensely alive.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|he seemed to be in quest for mental food, not heart sustenance.
Raaz Ojha|My short love story gave me lots of memories but i never wanted memories, I wanted you.
Caryll Houselander, Wood of the Cradle, Wood of the Cross|The way to begin healing the wounds of the world is to treasure the Infant Christ in us; to be not the castle but the cradle of Christ; and, in rocking that cradle to the rhythm of love, to swing the whole world back into the beat of the Music of Eternal Life.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|There’s hardly anybody who doesn’t hate somebody now, and nobody at all whom somebody doesn’t hate.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|What else can I do? Once you've gone this far you aren't fit for anything else. Something happens to your mind. You're overqualified, overspecialized, and everybody knows it.
Jael McHenry|There was no single gay point of view. Like skin color or gender or any of those arbitrary, sometimes artificial, difference sexual orientation didn't make us all the same. But it did affect us. It had to.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|People who cannot distinguish between good and bad language, or who regard the distinction as unimportant, are unlikely to think carefully about anything else.
Iain Pears, Stone's Fall|Be a good listener in the special way a story requires: note the manner of presentation; the development of plot, character; the addition of new dramatic sequences; the emphasis accorded to one figure or another in the recital; and the degree of enthusiam, of coherence, the narrator gives to his or her account.
Masashi Kishimoto, Naruto, Vol. 21: Pursuit|I'm... I'm so in love with you that I can't even stand it! Sasuke! Stay with me, and I'll never let you regret it! We'll have fun every day, and... And you'll be happy! I'll make sure of it! I'll do anything for you, Sasuke! Just, please... Please, please don't go! I'll even help you take revenge! I mean, I'll manage it somehow, so... So please... Stay with me.
Jan Jansen|If we observe the nature, we well learn too many things which human kind may never teach us.
Shalom Auslander, Hope: A Tragedy|Kugel didn't like attics, he never did. The roofing nails overhead like fangs, waiting to sink into his skull; the cardboard boxes and plastic crates and leather trunks - tombs, sarcophagi - full of ghosts and regret and longing and loss; worse yet was the implication in all this emotional hoarding that the past was preferable to the present, that what came before bests whatever comes next, so clutch it to your chests in mourning and dread as you head into the unknowable but probably lousy future.
Wislawa Szymborska|I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.
Douglas Petrie|Glory: I look around at this world you're so eager to be a part of and all I see is six billion lunatics looking for the fastest ride out. Who's not crazy? Look around, everyone's drinking, smoking, shooting up, shooting each other, or just plain screwing their brains out 'cause they don't want 'em anymore. I'm crazy? Honey, I'm the original one-eyed chicklet in the kingdom of the blind, 'cause at least I admit the world makes me nuts.
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|When you smoke the herb, it reveals you to yourself.
Ramana Pemmaraju|He was busy exploring her body, while she was searching for her soulmate!
Richard Feynman, The Feynman Lectures on Physics Vols 1-2|THE QUESTION IS, OF COURSE, IS IT GOING TO BE POSSIBLE TO AMALGAMATE EVERYTHING,AND MERELY DISCOVER THAT THIS WORLD REPRESENTS DIFFERENT ASPECTS OF ONE THING?
Katherine Longshore, Tarnish|I rise early that morning and dress in green and brown, my skirst the same colour as the forest floor. I include a cap copied from one of the duchess's, but set farther back from my face. She may be a bitch, but she does have style.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|This is my mind's garden, I tend it; I order it. I have nothing to fear.
Erin Bowman, Retribution Rails|We live in a culture of secrecy, where hiding and lying are accepted as natural, even though we don’t like it. We want honesty, transparency, and authenticity in our loved ones, our groups and organizations, and in our own self so we can reach the heights of our capacity. By clinging to the opaque reality we stall our evolution.
Amy Chua|I admire President Chavez for his strength to resist the United States. Instead, Bush is waging a war of terrorism against the world.
Kristen Henderson|Slavery, that was a kind of alchemy for such White folk, or so they reckoned. They calculated a way of turning each bead of a Black man's sweat into gold and each moan of despair from a Black woman's throat into the sweet clear sound of a silver coin ringing on the money-changer's table. There was buying and selling of souls in that place. Yet there was nary a one of them who understood the whole price they paid for owning other folk.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|It may, perhaps, be fairly questioned, whether any other portion of the population of the earth could have endured the privations, sufferings and horrors of slavery, without having become more degraded in the scale of humanity than the slaves of African descent.
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|You're kidding," Shane said. "Do you think I want to visit Crazy McTeeth in his lair of insanity?""No," Claire said, "but I'm pretty sure you won't like it if I go alone when I just kind of promised to be with you. So...?""Right. I've been missing Nutty McFang anyway.""Stop making up names for him.""What about Count Crackula?""Just stop.
John  Pearson, Learn Me Good|Jack Woodson is currently living and working in Dallas, TX. He has forty children, and all of them have different mothers.
Adam Fenner, Post-Deployment Wisdom For Those Expecting A Returning Service Member|Are you okay, man?""Yeah, I'm good."It's a lie. I wonder if I will ever be good again.
Voltaire|If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.")
Lena Meydan|This was a family that consumed attractive, talented people. Its aim was to preserve beauty and genius through the centuries. For all eternity. To bottle the spark of magic that flares up in the soul of an artist, to preserve in wax the pain that is born in the heart of an actor, to dry and store the subtle, shifting images that hover above the head of a writer.Madness. They didn't realize it was impossible. As the years pass by, feelings and emotions are blunted. And thousands of years of life kill all feelings. The soul becomes cold. It can't burn anymore. The farys took away from humans the one thing that I sought and valued in them most of all—their bright, vital feelings.
Voltaire|I know that if odour were visible, as colour is, I'd see the summer garden in rainbow clouds.
Vladimir Nabokov, Look at the Harlequins!|But to demand that a work be “relatable” expresses a different expectation: that the work itself be somehow accommodating to, or reflective of, the experience of the reader or viewer. The reader or viewer remains passive in the face of the book or movie or play: she expects the work to be done for her. If the concept of identification suggested that an individual experiences a work as a mirror in which he might recognize himself, the notion of relatability implies that the work in question serves like a selfie: a flattering confirmation of an individual’s solipsism.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|It is possible to conceive, Anselm said, of a being than which nothing greater can be conceived. Even an atheist can conceive of such a superlative being, though he would deny its existence in the real world. But, goes the argument, a being that doesn't exist in the real world is, by that very fact, less than perfect. Therefore we have a contradiction and, hey presto, God exists!
Lola Dodge, Temptress|There are reasons why it is often difficult to reach our dead. When we do, our lives and everything we believe to be true can be turned entirely upside down.
Amit Kalantri|Reading doesn't mean accepting everything you read, it means reasoning everything you read.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|If you sound like a contestant from The Apprentice or if the customer believes that they are being sold AT, you have already failed.
Ashley Tisdale|Music education was always big for me. Ever since I was a young kid, I always said it was the reason I went to school sometimes and knowing if I didn't do well in class that my mom wasn't gonna let me sing in school or sing at that concert.
Brian Andreas|I sometimes wake in the early morning & listen to the soft breathing of my child & I think to myself, this is one thing I will never regret & I carry that quiet with me all day long.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Everybody wants to be on the mountaintop, but if you'll remember, mountaintops are rocky and cold. There is no growth on the top of a mountain. Sure, the view is great, but what's a view for? A view just gives us a glimpse of our next destination-our next target. But to hit that target, we must come off the mountain, go through the valley, and begin to climb the next slope. It is in the valley that we slog through the lush grass and rich soil, learning and becoming what enables us to summit life's next peak.
Fritz Todt|We should be very concerned: if identity theft is so simple to do, what's to stop me from entering this country and assuming the identity of someone else for the sole purpose of living here illegally for terrorist reasons? That alone would be a concern.
Praveen Chenna|When religion ceases to be speculative and becomes factual and "true", it will become science. Science can be used to prove or disprove opinions, beliefs and accusations. Until any religion crosses that line, who is anyone to use their religion to judge others?
Saul Bellow, Novels, 1984-2000|The challenge of modern freedom, or the combination of isolation and freedom which confronts you, is to make yourself up. The danger is that you may emerge from the process as a not-entirely-human creature.
Philip Olivier|I may not believe in sin,” he said, “but I do feel guilt. We Shadowhunters live by a code, and that code isn’t flexible. Honor, fault, penance, those are real to us, and they have nothing to do with religion and everything to do with who we are. This is who I am, Clary," he said desperately.
Phillip E. Johnson, An Easy-to-Understand Guide for Defeating Darwinism by Opening Minds|Death is universal. The rituals associated with it, however, vary substantially—and are greatly influenced by their religious and cultural context.
Kristin Hannah, The Things We Do for Love|Contentment is not a power that may be exercised naturally, but a science to be acquired gradually.
Lorri Faye|Make today and all your tomorrows count, so you never have to waste another minute regretting your yesterdays.
Stjepan Šejić, Sunstone, Vol. 5|Infinite possibilities exist within the art of storytelling. To me, it is nothing less than the magic of creation.
George Eliot|Yes, the house must be inhabited, and we will see by whom; for imagination is a licensed trespasser: it has no fear of dogs, but may climb over walls and peep in at windows with impunity.
A.C. Grayling, The Good Book: A Humanist Bible|Do not regret having lived, but while yet living live in a way that allows you to think that you were not born in vain.And do not regret that you must die: it is what all who are wise must Wish, to have life end at its proper time.For nature puts a limit to living as to everything else, And we are the sons and daughters of nature, and for us therefore the sleep of nature is nature's final kindness
Jamie Dimon|My goal is to cut government in half in twenty-five years, to get it down to the size where we can drown it in the bathtub.
Ashly Lorenzana|The world is not ready for some people when they show up, but that shouldn't stop anyone.
Jon Davis|Of the many forms that silence takes, the most memorable is the dry husk of the cicada.
Charles Stanley|Don't you know there ain't no devil, it's just god when he's drunk.
Anthony Liccione|A small world where people know each other, and still so deep, able to get lost.
Jonathan Mayhew|The reason this country continues its drift toward socialism and big nanny government is because too many people vote in the expectation of getting something for nothing, not because they have a concern for what is good for the country.
Marcha A. Fox, Beyond the Hidden Sky|What once was had, forever lost; thy fate is destined, thy love star-crossed.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Fuck your manners.""You don't have to settle for just my manners.
Robin DeJarnett, Whirlwind|Zane," she moaned. "Please touch me.""I will. I'm going to touch every inch of you until I know what makes you sigh and what makes you giggle and what makes you beg me to never stop. I'm going to make you shudder and scream so that long after tonight you'll remember the feel of my hands and exactly where they were on your body.""I'm going to die if you don't get on with it.
Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr.|Some people must dream broadly and guilelessly, if only to balance those who never dream at all.
Glenn A. Maltais|Many embrace the concepts of life and liberty; yet shirk its consequent responsibilities; the first notion being an inalienable right, the latter, an insufferable wrong.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Have you ever had one of those moments when the world around you comes to a crashing halt? When your heart beats so loudly that it drowns out every other sound? When the universe collapses to a single, solitary, radiant point of energy? This was one of those moments for me. The last time I heard the name Sandra Flax, Clinton was still screwing that ugly chick from Arkansas." The squirrel cocked his head to the side. "Not Hillary, the other one, before the chubby kid." The squirrel still looked confused. "Fine! It was 1989. Anyway, the sound of Sandra's name sent shivers down my spine and reawakened a hatred so venomous, at one time I thought it would be my undoing.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|A live body and a dead body contain the same number of particles. Structurally, there's no discernible difference. Life and death are unquantifiable abstracts. Why should I be concerned?
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Arthur: If I asked you where the hell we were, would I regret it?Ford: We're safe.Arthur: Oh good.Ford: We're in a small galley cabin in one of the spaceships of the Vogon Constructor Fleet. that I wasn't previously aware of.
Daniel C. Dennett, From Bacteria to Bach and Back - The Evolution of Minds|That's a rhetorical question, and trying to answer rhetorical questions instead of being cowed by them is a good habit to cultivate.
Mensah Oteh|Your dreams are the golden gate to a life of inspiration. The more you allow yourself to dream of your ideal future, the stronger your inspiration.
Marcella Pixley, Without Tess|So it persists, for many of us, hunger channeled into some internal circuitry of longing, routed this way and that, emerging in a thousand different forms. The diet form, the romance form, the addiction form, the overriding hunger for this purchase or that job, this relationship or that one. Hunger may be insatiable by nature, it may be fathomless, but our will to fill it, our often blind tenacity in the face of it, can be extraordinary.
Dennis Prager, From Rage to Responsibility: Black Conservative Jesse Lee Peterson and America Today|I am proud of my complexion, there is always someone darker than you ,thats just true Be proud your YOU.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness.
C.M. Stunich, Losing Me, Finding You|(...) before they actually admit to the big 'L' word. Love or lust - what's the big, damn deal? You're going to  fuck either way, right?
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|We are not on our fours, howling in the woods, only because guilt saves us.
Jeffrey Eugenides|DADDYYou do not do, you do not doAny more, black shoeIn which I have lived like a footFor thirty years, poor and white,Barely daring to breathe or Achoo.Daddy, I have had to kill you.You died before I had time―Marble-heavy, a bag full of God,Ghastly statue with one grey toeBig as a Frisco sealAnd a head in the freakish AtlanticWhen it pours bean green over blueIn the waters of beautiful Nauset.I used to pray to recover you.Ach, du.In the German tongue, in the Polish townScraped flat by the rollerOf wars, wars, wars.But the name of the town is common.My Polack friendSays there are a dozen or two.So I never could tell where youPut your foot, your root,I never could talk to you.The tongue stuck in my jaw.It stuck in a barb wire snare.Ich, ich, ich, ich,I could hardly speak.I thought every German was you.And the language obsceneAn engine, an engineChuffing me off like a Jew.A Jew to Dachau, Auschwitz, Belsen.I began to talk like a Jew.I think I may well be a Jew.The snows of the Tyrol, the clear beer of ViennaAre not very pure or true.With my gypsy ancestress and my weird luckAnd my Taroc pack and my Taroc packI may be a bit of a Jew.I have always been scared of you,With your Luftwaffe, your gobbledygoo.And your neat mustacheAnd your Aryan eye, bright blue.Panzer-man, panzer-man, O You―Not God but a swastikaSo black no sky could squeak through.Every woman adores a Fascist,The boot in the face, the bruteBrute heart of a brute like you.You stand at the blackboard, daddy,In the picture I have of you,A cleft in your chin instead of your footBut no less a devil for that, no notAnd less the black man whoBit my pretty red heart in two.I was ten when they buried you.At twenty I tried to dieAnd get back, back, back to you.I thought even the bones would do.But they pulled me out of the sack,And they stuck me together with glue.And then I knew what to do.I made a model of you,A man in black with a Meinkampf lookAnd a love of the rack and the screw.And I said I do, I do.So daddy, I’m finally through.The black telephone’s off at the root,The voices just can’t worm through.If I’ve killed one man, I’ve killed two―The vampire who said he was youAnd drank my blood for a year,Seven years, if you want to know.Daddy, you can lie back now.There’s a stake in your fat black heartAnd the villagers never like you.They are dancing and stamping on you.They always knew it was you.Daddy, daddy, you bastard, I’m through.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|I'd love to tell you I had some deep revelation on my way down, that I came to terms with my own mortality, laughed in the face of death, et cetera.The truth? My only thought was: Aaaaggghhhhh!
Kevin Hearne, Hounded|In the beginning, there was nothing. And then BOOM! Universe.
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|Very happy or unhappy, people disappear.
Ken Wilber|And if you don't believe the sun will rise, stand alone and greet the coming night in the last remaining light.
Susan Forward, Toxic Parents: Overcoming Their Hurtful Legacy and Reclaiming Your Life|I had this dream, see, where I saw the whole world melt. I was standing on La Cienega and from there I could see the whole world and it was melting and it was just so strong and realistic like. And so I thought, Well, if this dream comes true, how can I stop it, you know? How can I change things, you know? So I thought if I, like pierced my ear or something, like alter my physical image, dye my hair, the world wouldn't melt. So I dyed my hair and this pink lasts. I like it. It lasts. I don't feel like the world is gonna melt anymore.
Francis Bacon|The one who cannot restrain their anger will wish undone, what their temper and irritation prompted them to do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If we’re missing life it’s probably because we’re expecting it to reveal itself to us, rather than realizing that life is revealed by us looking for it.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Mysterious Murder of Marilyn Monroe|She was born under the sign of Gemini. And that stands for the good and evil twin. Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde both hiding and residing inside her heart. Her good twin was not bad at all. But her evil twin was even better, and showed up to be way too fatal!
Nigel Mansell|If you lead with the anger, it will turn off the audience. And what I want is the audience to engage with the material and to listen and then to ask questions. I think that 'Ruined' was very successful at doing that.
Andy Stanley|The country has sorted itself ideologically into the two political parties, and those partisan attachments have hardened in recent years. It will take an extraordinary event and act of leadership to break this partisan divide. I thought 9/11 might provide such an opportunity, but it was not seized.
Jean Dujardin|Ever since Eve started it all by offering Adam the apple, woman's punishment has been to supply a man with food then suffer the consequences when it disagrees with him.
Samuel Chase|I was born and raised Catholic, so it's in my blood. I don't go to church... I was born and raised Catholic, which is about the extent of my religion. My parents made one request: that I have my first Holy Communion.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God never directs in a way contrary to His character. When the Scriptures tell us that He will direct our paths, we can be assured that when He is in control, no matter how thorny the path, He will not tell us to jump off a cliff.
Chen Ning Yang|A man should not be judged by his fame, power, or money, but rather by how much love he gives to others.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Leadership excellence means that you must be accepted as a leader, not forcing yourself upon those you lead. Outside of formal authority, it takes trust for people to accept your leadership. Proven consistent leadership choices and results will earn you invaluable points of trust.
Monica Madison, The Girl from the Gutter|The answer to the question, 'where's the drama?' is another question: 'what's the problem?
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|What is it that has called you so suddenly out of nothingness to enjoy for a brief while a spectacle which remains quite indifferent to you? The conditions for your existence are almost as old as the rocks. For thousands of years men have striven and suffered and begotten and women have brought forth in pain. A hundred years ago, perhaps, another man sat on this spot; like you he gazed with awe and yearning in his heart at the dying light of the glaciers. Like you he was begotten of man and born of woman. He felt pain and brief joy as you do. Was he someone else? Was it not you yourself? What is this Self of yours? What was the necessary condition for making the thing conceived this time into you, just you and not someone else? What clearly intelligible scientific meaning can this 'someone else' really have? If she who is now your mother had cohabited with someone else and had a son by him, and your father had done likewise, would you have come to be? Or were you living in them, and in your father's father... thousands of years ago? And even if this is so, why are you not your brother, why is your brother not you, why are you not one of your distant cousins? What justifies you in obstinately discovering this difference - the difference between you and someone else - when objectively what is there is the same?
Catherine Keller, Face of the Deep: A Theology of Becoming|The abiding western dominology can with religion sanction identify anything dark, profound, or fluid with a revolting chaos, an evil to be mastered, a nothing to be ignored. 'God had made us master organizers of the world to establish system where chaos reigns. He has made us adept in government that we may administer government among savages and senile peoples.' From the vantage point of the colonizing episteme, the evil is always disorder rather than unjust order; anarchy rather than control, darkness rather than pallor. To plead otherwise is to write 'carte blanche for chaos.' Yet those who wear the mark of chaos, the skins of darkness, the genders of unspeakable openings -- those Others of Order keep finding voice. But they continue to be muted by the bellowing of the dominant discourse.
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|Ignorance is not bliss. Rather, ignorance is blistering.
Lu Xun|I thought: hope cannot be said to exist, nor can it be said not to exist. It is just like roads across the earth. For actually the earth had no roads to begin with, but when many men pass one way, a road is made.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|If you see someone in trouble, you should help them. Experiment or not.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|it would hurt him to know she had felt that way for a while, that her relationship with him was like being content in a house but always sitting by the window and looking out.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|The fundamental biological variant is DNA. That is why Mendel's definition of the gene as the unvarying bearer of hereditary traits, its chemical identification by Avery (confirmed by Hershey), and the elucidation by Watson and Crick of the structural basis of its replicative invariance, are without any doubt the most important discoveries ever made in biology. To this must be added the theory of natural selection, whose certainty and full significance were established only by those later theories.
MD. Muhtashimur Rahman|Seduction begins with insinuation, what may happen, not what is, what you may become to the person, not today what you are.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|A few nights later, I secretly hope that I might be a genius. Why else can no amount of sleeping pills fell my brain? But in the morning my daughter asks me what a cloud is and I cannot say.
Dada Bhagwan|If you try to do that which is not ‘our’ duty [the Self’s duty], it will create interference.
Shirin Ebadi|You know, nothing is more important than education, because nowhere are our stakes higher; our future depends on the quality of education of our children today.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Hey, if you're going to say what I think you're going to say…wait, are you going to say it?” he asked, smiling down at me.“Yes, yes I think so.” I grinned shyly back.“Well, then I think we should say it at the same time, yes?” he suggested.“Count of three?” I asked. He nodded.“One…” I started.“Two…” he said, eyes twinkling.“Three,” we said together. We both paused, smiling hugely, and then I took a deep breath.“Jack, I love you.”“I know,” he said at the same time.Ass…“Ass!” I said, smacking him on the arm.“That was great!” he laughed.
Dan Jenkins|The first thing they gave me at 'Sports Illustrated' was a first-class air card. 'And oh, by the way, there's the petty cash drawer,' they told me. 'Take a few thousand dollars for expenses.'
Phoenix Sinistra|You have to realize that modern power, is nothing but a concept in the mind of the one who’s under the power. And once you realize this, you realize that authority is indeed an illusion.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|But say he forgets about me or meets someone else or pretends I don't exist.I look at her and then at Trini and Raffy."Teresa, Teresa. Have we taught you nothing?" Raffy says in an irritated voice. "It's war. You go in and you hunt him down until he realises that he's made a mistake"Teresa looks hopeful."It's not as if men haven't gone to war for dumber reasons" Trini adds.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|He (Lincoln) was accustomed to hearing words, many of them boring, but he was not accustomed to group silence.
Nicolas de Condorcet, Outlines of an Historical View of the Progress of the Human Mind|Time waits for no man, but progress waits for man to inact it.
Martha Stout, The Sociopath Next Door|In northwest Alaska, kunlangeta "might be applied to a man who, for example, repeatedly lies and cheats and steals things and does not go hunting, and, when the other men are out of the village, takes sexual advantage of many women." The Inuits tacitly assume that kunlangeta is irremediable. And so, according to Murphy, the traditional Inuit approach to such a man was to insist he go hunting, and then, in the absence of witnesses, push him off the edge of the ice.
M.F. Moonzajer|There were no fear of death in children’s eyes because they had seen hanging, stoning to death and chopping heads in playgrounds and parks.
Aisha Tyler|I married my husband because I loved him, and I don't feel like there's anybody missing from our marriage, but when you think about this person that you love, and you think about what a wonderful thing it would be to bring another person like that into this world, I think that's the hardest part about all of it.
Julie Saffrin, BlessBack: Thank Those Who Shaped Your Life|She learns a valuable lesson: if you think you are good, just try doing good. You’ll soon find out how inadequate your little drop of goodness is.
John F. Kennedy|Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character had abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and courage which it contained.
Aaron Sorkin|Despotism is a legitimate mode of government in dealing with barbarians, provided the end be their improvement.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|Patch leaned back against the booth and arched his eyebrows at me. The gesture said it all: Pay up."You got lucky," I 
Bill Watterson|How come we play war and not peace?""Too few role models.
Erin Kellison, Scrape|You do know I’m not psychic, right?’Dash looked down at her. ‘Joy...you do know that normal people don’t see ghosts, right?
Vivienne Westwood|In order to understand why George W. Bush doesn't get it, you have to take several strands of common Texas attitude, then add an impressive degree of class-based obliviousness. What you end up with is a guy who sees himself as a perfectly nice fellow - and who is genuinely disconnected from the impact of his decisions on people.
David Peace, The Damned Utd|I'd never been much of an athlete, due to a physical condition I'd had since birth (unathleticism). Perhaps if there were a sport centered around lying on your couch in a neurotic stupor all day, I'd take an interest.
Eliot Engel|Every year we celebrate the holy season of Advent, O God. Every year we pray those beautiful prayers of longing and waiting, and sing those lovely songs of hope and promise.
Jeffrie G. Murphy, Getting Even: Forgiveness and Its Limits|One great help here - and I make no claim that it is the only help or even a necessary condition for forgiveness - is sincere repentance on the part of the wrongdoer. When I am wronged by another, a great part of the injury - over and above any physical harm I may suffer - is the insulting or degrading message that has been given to me by the wrongdoer: the message that I am less worthy than he is, so unworthy that he may use me merely as a means or object in service to his desires and projects. Thus failing to resent(or hastily forgiving) the wrongdoer runs the risk that I am endorsing that very immoral message for which the wrongdoer stands. If the wrongdoer sincerely repents, however, he now joins me in repundiating the degrading and insulting message - allowing me to relate to him (his new self) as an equal without fear that a failure to resent him will be read as a failure to resent what he hs done.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|They say that none of us exists, except in the imagination of his fellows, other than as an intangible, invisible mentality.
Jaimal Yogis, Saltwater Buddha: A Surfer's Quest to Find Zen on the Sea|In the morning, when she walked to the consulate, carefully watching her sandals on the pavement, she glanced up and saw a Negro wearing a stack of panama hats. Maybe twelve. She never forgot the bandoeon of brims, the perfect stutter of hat.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Prophetic Pictures|Oh, glorious Art!" thus mused the enthusiastic painter, as he trod the street. "Thou art the image of the Creator's own. The innumerable forms that wander in nothingness start into being at thy beck. The dead live again. Thou recallest them to their old scenes, and givest their gray shadows the lustre of a better life, at once earthly and immortal. Thou snatchest back the fleeing moments of History. With thee, there is no Past; for at thy touch, all that is great becomes forever present; and illustrious men live through long ages in the visible performance of the very deeds which made them what they are.
Susan B. Anthony|Cautious, careful people, always casting about to preserve their reputation and social standing, never can bring about a reform. Those who are really in earnest must be willing to be anything or nothing in the world's estimation, and publicly and privately, in season and out, avow their sympathy with despised and persecuted ideas and their advocates, and bear the consequences...
Karen McQuestion, From a Distant Star|People believe things that aren't true about other people just because of how they look and what kind of vehicle they drive. Why can you not wait and see who they are inside before you make a decision". "Because we're afraid" I said. "If I had trusted them and they turned out to be bad people, they might have robbed us or attack us. It's better to be cautious". "That is a sad thing" he said. "Always thinking the worst of other people". "Sad, but that's the way it is. We have to judge them on how they act and other was of knowing about them except what we can see on the outside
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Maldonado's face was ghastly. 'That' she said, pointing below the bed where the cat lurked, 'and that' - pointing to what lay on the floor - 'prove it was no dream. Do dreams leave marks behind them?' ("I'm Dangerous Tonight")
Julie Jewels Smoot|Let go, let go, let go,Just let it go,Let the tears come out,Stop fighting the tears back,Stop wearing different masks,Let yourself be seen,Let yourself be the real you,
John Barrasso|I continually still fight every day for my life, not only still battling mental health problems but battling multiple sclerosis, which also has depression as one of its side effects.
Maggie Shipstead, Seating Arrangements|...when you look at the stars, you should tremble - only dullards have become callous to this frisson ...
Joakim Noah|I paint; I draw and paint - I've been doing that since I was in third grade, drawing realistically and then changing to abstract art. That was my first creative thing before guitar or comedy.
Lorenzo Carcaterra, Sleepers|Me and my books, in the same apartment: like a gherkin in its vinegar.
Cindee Snider Re|Sharing our stories is a vital part of doing life together. The disciples shared their stories and changed the world, not because they were extraordinary men, but because they told about an extraordinary God.
Mariah Carey|The fact is, I diet every day of my life. I have to work at it. But I diet so I can pig out.
Susan Fanetti, In Dark Woods|...for if a woman's body can attract the holy angels, how much more the unholy man.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She was battered and beaten up, and not smiling this time. Liesel could see it on her face. Blood leaked from her nose and licked at her lips. Her eyes had blackened. Cuts had opened up and a series of wounds were rising to the surface of her skin. All from the words. From Liesel's words.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Standard is not the money you have nor the creed you belong to ,truly IT IS CHARACTER......
Mikhail Bakunin|Nothing is impossible, the world it's self says I'm possible!
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Initiative without action is the same as having the mind to acknowledge a problem, but not having the heart to see it through.
Warsan Shire|You tried to change didn’t you? Closed your mouth more, tried to be softer, prettier, less volatile, less awake... You can’t make homes out of human beings. Someone should have already told you that.
Milad Ghane|You will reach success if you move forward, staying still only makes your journey longer.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Besides,” said Mr Norrell, “I really have no desire to write reviews of other people's books. Modern publications upon magic are the most pernicious things in the world, full of misinformation and wrong opinions.” “Then sir, you may say so. The ruder you are, the more the editors will be delighted.” “But it is my own opinions which I wish to make better known, not other people's.” “Ah, but, sir,” said Lascelles, “it is precisely by passing judgements upon other people's work and pointing out their errors that readers can be made to understand your own opinions better. It is the easiest thing in the world to turn a review to one's own ends. One only need mention the book once or twice and for the rest of the article one may develop one's theme just as one chuses. It is, I assure you, what every body else does.” “Hmm,” said Mr Norrell thoughtfully, “you may be right. But, no. It would seem as if I were lending support to what ought never to have been published in the first place.
Maya Banks, Sweet Addiction|Well, hell yeah! I’m gonna kick your ass, too!”I narrowed my eyes at him. “Not this time you’re not. I have a new superpower.”He laughed. “And what’s that? Harsh language?”I leaned over to kiss his neck once, and then ran my tongue up to his ear, kissing his earlobe. He froze in place. “Distraction,” I breathed into his ear. He grabbed my arms and flipped me onto my back. “You’re going to miss another class.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Humans are unique in having the astonishing capacity to extend our sympathies far beyond the here and now. through time and space, to anywhere and anything we choose. It is our culture that decides how large and inclusive our moral circle is, but it is each of us who makes up our culture. (p.250)
lauren klarfeld|A girl who travels has learned how to dance barefoot. She’s learned to place her toes in the sand and dance through rhythm, not through rehearsed footwork. She’s learned to follow what she likes, not what she needs to like.
Heather Heffner, The Tribe of Ishmael|In a world of fog and gray, the youth is a shining being dressed in dark violet, his golden-flecked hair smoothed back from his bronzed temples. He resembles a human, but no man I have ever seen holds himself like a king, like a gleaming statue chiseled from topaz.I swallow. I am standing before a demon, the most beautiful being I have ever seen, and I can’t run. I can only stand in the hushed glade and stare, snowflakes falling in the space between us.
L. Sprague de Camp, The Incompleat Enchanter|Not at all," persisted Chalmers, unaware that Shea was trying to shush him. "The people of the country have agreed to call magic 'white' when practised for lawful ends by duly authorized agents of the governing authority, and 'black' when practised by unauthorized persons for criminal ends. That is not to say that the principles of the science — or art — are not the same in either event. You should confine such terms as 'black' and 'white' to the objects for which the magic is performed, and not apply it to the science itself, which like all branches of knowledge is morally neutral —""But," protested Belphebe, "is't not that the spell used to, let us say, kidnap a worthy citizen be different from that used to trap a malefactor?""Verbally but not structurally," Chalmers went on. After some minutes of wrangling, Chalmers held up the bone of his drumstick. "I think I can, for instance, conjure the parrot back on this bone — or at least fetch another parrot in place of the one we ate. Will you concede, young lady, that that is a harmless manifestation of the art?""Aye, for the now," said the girl. "Though I know you schoolmen; say 'I admit this; I concede that,' are ere long one finds oneself conceded into a noose.""Therefore it would be 'white' magic. But suppose I desired the parrot for some — uh — illegal purpose —""What manner of crime for ensample, good sir?" asked Belphebe."I — uh — can't think just now. Assume that I did. The spell would be the same in either case —""Ah, but would it?" cried Belphebe. "Let me see you conjure a brace of parrots, one fair, one foul; then truly I'll concede."Chalmers frowned. "Harold, what would be a legal purpose for which to conjure a parrot?"Shea shrugged. "If you really want an answer, no purpose would be as legal as any, unless there's something in gamelaws. Personally I think it's the silliest damned argument —
Donna Lynn Hope|Underneath the sky, so void of light, the rain soaked me through. I held on to the railing and felt calm, even content, and then he had to reach through the dark, raise my temperature and make my heart beat a little bit faster. Not very gallant I should say...especially so close to bedtime. Friend or not, should he rob me of sleep, I'll be sure to take his.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|At one point the worst thing to happen was the odd stabbing or slashing, the violence that we live with nowadays used to only be seen in Hollywood gangster movies such as Gangs of New York, Menace to Society and Boys and the Hood. Even when we were reading about the crack hitting London, no one in Scotland would have thought in their wildest dreams that it would have taken off in our cities, towns and now even highland villages.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|I think... if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts.
Shamcher Bryn Beorse, Letters: Shamcher Beorse and Carol Sill, 1974-1977|Self-mortification, far from producing liberation from material things, is far more likely to cause either an unhinged mind, delusions or a masochistic taste for more suffering, experienced, of course, as joy.
Truman Capote, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|The past was like a bad dream; the future was all happy holiday as I moved Southwards week by week, easily, lazily, lingering as long as I dared, but always heeding the call!
Chirag Tulsiani, Reflections|Someday, the people we know, are acquainted to become the people we knew. They leave. They leave to pursue the opportunities laid down in their paths and they leave on account of misunderstandings.Their absence causes a vacuum, a space, an incompleteness which we believe no one can fill. But someday, someone eventually does and that someone rekindles our hopes for companionship, until the circle continues and is ultimately intervened by the permanence of death.The future is alarming, as atrocious as the past. And the friendship, the love, the memories either remain in our hearts cherished or are forgotten like an undeserving dream.Everything eventually fades away, either for the better or worse.Someday, the people we know, are acquainted to become the people we knew.But then again, that someday is not today and so we must be a little more appreciative, for the moment, for the times, for the present because someday everything is going to change.
davidji|At our core there is silence and stillness…that is truly who we are when you peel away the titles, the ego, the thoughts, the beliefs, the intellect….once you get REALLY naked –you will see that who you are has nothing to do with all that we have given meaning to.
Sunday Adelaja|Each and every one of us was created to carry out justice, judgment, truth and equity on the earth. It could be in different spheres of life, in various professions or in diverse gifting
Goldwin Smith|Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
Brandi Gillilan, Wicked Fairy Tales: The Curvy Collection|Don’t you want this?” The pain in his voice ripped a hole inside her.“I want you so damn much.” Her words choked in her throat. She forced a laugh to keep from crying. “Hell, we can’t seem to keep our hands off each other.” “Should we try?”-Kathy Kulig, Red Tape
Gemma Arterton|Middle age is youth without levity, and age without decay.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|Killing oneself is, anyway, a misnomer. We don't kill ourselves. We are simply defeated by the long, hard struggle to stay alive. When somebody dies after a long illness, people are apt to say, with a note of approval, "He fought so hard." And they are inclined to think, about a suicide, that no fight was involved, that somebody simply gave up. This is quite wrong.
Caroline Alexander, The War That Killed Achilles: The True Story of Homer's Iliad and the Trojan War|Homer's epic does not tell of such seemingly essential events as the abduction of Helen, for example, nor of the mustering and sailing of the Greek fleet, the first hostilities of the war, the Trojan Horse, and the sacking and burning of Troy. Instead, the 15,693 lines of Homer's Iliad describe the occurrences of a roughly two-week period in the tenth and final year of what had become a stalemated siege of Troy.
Billy Corgan|Poverty is a relationship that involves a lot of folks, rich and poor alike. I was looking for something that brought a lot of different people in a room. Eviction does that, embroils landlords and tenants, lawyers and social workers.
Mark Haddon, The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea: Poems|A Rough GuideBe polite at the reception desk.Not all the knives are in the museum.The waitresses know that a nice boyis formed in the same way as a deckchair.Pay for the beer and send flowers.Introduce yourself as Richard.Do not refer to what somebody didat a particular time in the past.Remember, every Friday we used to gofor a walk. I walked. You walked.Everything in the past is irregular.This steak is very good. Sit down.There is no wine, but there is ice cream.Eat slowly. I have many matches. 
Gro Harlem Brundtland|As I mentioned previously, the tools that allow for optimum health are diet and exercise.
Alden Bell, Exit Kingdom|He’s going to kill everyone on this planet, reduce the human race to dust. There will be no one to stop him. You are the only one who can. - Aiden Deverill
Scott McCloud|Gradually I became aware of details: a company of French soldiers was marching through the streets of the town. They broke formation, and went in single file along the communication trench leading to the front line. Another group followed them.
Lois P. Frankel, Nice Girls Don't Get Rich : 75 Avoidable Mistakes Women Make with Money|Recognize those times when it's best to do nothing. The weeks and months following a significant loss, including death, divorce, or the incapacitation of a loved one, are fraught with emotions. We typically do not make our best decisions under circumstances such as these. **Avoid the inclination to immediately put your house on the market** cash in all your savings, and move to the south of France, or trust the first person who comes along who says he or she can give you all the help you need.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, This Side of Paradise|Always, after he was in bed, there were voices - indefinite, fading, enchanting - just outside his window, and before he fell asleep he would dream one of his favorites waking dreams.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|The nearer Christ comes to a heart, the more it becomes conscious of its guilt; it will then either ask for his mercy and find peace, or else it will turn against Him because it is not yet ready to give up its sinfulness. Thus He will separate the good from the bad, the wheat from the chaff. Man's reaction to this Divine Presence will be the test: either it will call out all the opposition of egotistic natures, or else galvanize them into a regeneration and a resurrection.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When you come across an excellent invention, what it should tell you is that someone used most of his sleeping time as his thinking time... and he kept doing the same until his good became better and his better became the best!
S.R. Gibbs, The Inner Kingdom|Clearing his throat “It is very improper for a lady to open the door, to a person of the opposite sex in her… sleeping attire.”“Improper? I look like I am wearing a rug,” I exclaimed, as I motioned at the calf-length thick red fabric; that I was wearing with wide shoulder straps. “Secondly, I don’t see you as human, let alone a man. You are more like a homicidal invention, of my hormonal teenage nightmare; which I can’t seem to be able to awake from.
Anna Godbersen|New York is to the nation what the white church spire is to the village - the visible symbol of aspiration and faith, the white plume saying the way is up
Vladimir Nabokov|I love kids, so two things that I have thought about are being a pediatrician or a kindergarten teacher.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Some poems are written great, some poems are written swell. But then there are poems that could win a prize in Hell.
Andrea Hurst, Always with You|When someone loves you, they always think you're beautiful. Those who don't see your beauty can't really see you at all.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be strong and courageous, along unfamiliar paths, God will guide you.
Suanne Laqueur, Here to Stay|Love came from all directions. On paper, on screens, in dishes and words and deeds. We’re thinking of you every minute.I’m sorry.We’re sorry.We’re so sorry…
Joan Miro|As you begin to realize that every different type of music, everybody's individual music, has its own rhythm, life, language and heritage, you realize how life changes, and you learn how to be more open and adaptive to what is around us.
Bailey Bristol, The Devil's Dime|She had covered herself in frost, so every part of her grew cold and would not feel, because of that single part that longed to hear that word, yet had never known the hope, or expectation, that it would.
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The abuser’s mood changes are especially perplexing. He can be a different person from day to day, or even from hour to hour. At times he is aggressive and intimidating, his tone harsh, insults spewing from his mouth, ridicule dripping from him like oil from a drum. When he’s in this mode, nothing she says seems to have any impact on him, except to make him even angrier. Her side of the argument counts for nothing in his eyes, and everything is her fault. He twists her words around so that she always ends up on the defensive. As so many partners of my clients have said to me, “I just can’t seem to do anything right.”At other moments, he sounds wounded and lost, hungering for love and for someone to take care of him. When this side of him emerges, he appears open and ready to heal. He seems to let down his guard, his hard exterior softens, and he may take on the quality of a hurt child, difficult and frustrating but lovable. Looking at him in this deflated state, his partner has trouble imagining that the abuser inside of him will ever be back. The beast that takes him over at other times looks completely unrelated to the tender person she now sees. Sooner or later, though, the shadow comes back over him, as if it had a life of its own. Weeks of peace may go by, but eventually she finds herself under assault once again. Then her head spins with the arduous effort of untangling the many threads of his character, until she begins to wonder whether she is the one whose head isn’t quite right.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Investments are about the return they provide in increased opportunities, prosperity, health, wealth, happiness, joy, and success.
James Wolcott|I lost my front tooth in rugby league when a fat guy from Bellevue Hill kicked me in the face as I got up from a tackle to mark him. I made this decision not to cap the tooth because I thought it was false. But I didn't make any movies as a teenager, and I had a very hard time with girls and stuff.
Jane Austen, Emma|I was lucky to live in New York when it was dangerous and edgy and cheap enough to play host to young, penniless artists. That was the era of "coffee shops" as they were defined in New York—cheap restaurants open round the clock where you could eat for less than it would cost to cook at home. That was the era of ripped jeans and dirty T-shirts, when the kind of people who are impressed by material signs of success were not the people you wanted to know.
Lora Leigh, Broken Wings|A man can see by starlight, if he takes the time.
Aristotle|I do respect them; I have great respect for women. In fact, one of the reasons 'The Apprentice' was such a successful show for so many years, the audience of women was fantastic.
Nate Silver|In science, progress is possible. In fact, if one believes in Bayes' theorem, scientific progress is inevitable as predictions are made and as beliefs are tested and refined.
Roxane Gay|Always Do Your Best. Your best is going to change from moment to moment; it will be different when you are healthy as opposed to sick. Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Christina Engela|In my view, any government whose state is perpetually at war, and remains so in spite of initiatives to make peace, is incompetent and unfit and should resign.
Widad Akreyi|The voices of peace can’t be silenced by bombs, shootings, sieges, brutality and barbarism. Despite the challenges we face as peace-makers in a troubled region, all we want is peace and our campaign #WeWantPeace continues.
Dōgen|It is a wretched thing that the young men of today are so contriving and so proud of their material posessions. Men with contriving hearts are lacking in duty. Lacking in duty, they will have no self-respect.
Sarah Cross, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|As an artist, her imagination isn't fettered by the constraints of reality.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|We get chased by orcs, I’m tripping you and running the other direction.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|The quest of validation is undeniable. Yet let your search begin where it should end, always within. Or seek endlessly.
Ken Bain, What the Best College Teachers Do|Simply put, the best teachers believe that learning involves both personal and intellectual development and that neither the ability to think nor the qualities of being a mature human are immutable. People can change, and those changes--not just the accumulation of information--represent true learning.
R. D. Laing|When a nation goes down, or a society perishes, one condition may always be found; they forgot where they came from. They lost sight of what had brought them along.
Orville Lloyd Douglas|I was overcome by the simplicity of the brook and abandoned my envy and desire for bravery, and simply prayed: “Lord, give me the quietness of the waters of this little brook and like it I will amalgamate myself in thee!
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|It was beautiful Eric, who desired me, who was hungry for me, in a world that often let me know it could do very well without me.
Bob Newhart|I'm sure I've all but lost friends by maintaining that, despite their love for it, I always saw Stanley Kramer's 'It's a Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World' as more of an exercise in anti-comedy than humor.
William Blake, Auguries of Innocence|To see a World in a grain of sand,And a Heaven in a wild flower,Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand,And Eternity in an hour.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|Everyone here seems to know exactly what they need, but I leave without a thing.
Matthew W. Corrigan|This disease comes with a package: shame. When any other part of your body gets sick, you get sympathy.
RVM|If you live in Fear, Success will disappear.
Ambrose Bierce|Don't follow any advice, no matter how good, until you feel as deeply in your spirit as you think in your mind that the counsel is wise.
Tara Estacaan|EVENTIDEDark and light strikingeach other,vividly etching wild colorsthrough the horizon.The charm of sunset makes me wantto scurry home.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|No one wants their stuff stolen. No one wants their physical person harmed. If you understand the implications of those two truths, you can come to see the egregious moral and practical problems of a state-managed society.
Franz Werfel, The Forty Days of Musa Dagh|The prudent man always studies seriously and earnestly to understand whatever he professes to understand, and not merely to persuade other people that he understands it; and though his talents may not always be very brilliant, they are always perfectly genuine
Aaron Crabill|She was never going to get used to how much the Faeries seem to stare at her, as if dissecting her and examining the little pieces inside her like a science project.~Ever Fire: A Dark Faerie Tale #2
Lucinda Franks|Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.
Sadhu Sundar Singh, With and Without Christ|In this world there is very little harmony between the inner and the outer life. But, if we live according to the will of God, then the time will come when there will be perfect harmony between the inner and the outer life for ever. The outer will be exactly like the inner and the inner exactly like the outer. And by his grace we shall become perfect like our Father in Heaven.
William Cowper|I loved to make a great defensive play, I'd rather do that than hit a home run.
Ann Richards|Each morning my characters greet me with misty faces willing, though chilled, to muster for another day's progress through the dazzling quicksand the marsh of blank paper.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Your day was never bad. If you think you had a bad day, check your mindset!
David Bowie|Nobody was listening when I learned how to play music. But there's something about being on stage, talking to the audience, looking at them and smiling, that's always been difficult for me. I'm a lot more comfortable now, but there are still moments of awkwardness.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|So the hours are pretty good then?' he resumed.The Vogon stared down at him as sluggish thoughts moiled around in the murky depths.Yeah,' he said, 'but now you come to mention it, most of the actual minutes are pretty lousy.
Ang Lee|I'm deeply and passionately involved in the design process. I'm a brash American, and if my name is going to be on something, I'm going to have my say.
Michael Lee West, American Pie|Gossips are like ants” she caressed his head “the moment you spot one, there are already many anthills around but don’t look for them because if you do, you’ll find them and they in turn would bite you and cause you pain, and pain would cause you to lose focus.
Isaac Asimov, I, Robot|I wanted to kiss her, she was beautiful again to me. But I dared not risk it. It wasn't only that I would have frightened her, it was that the desire to kill her was almost overpowering. Some fierce purely male instinct in me wanted to claim her now simply because I had claimed her in another way before.
Carl Henegan|Adversity is a mirage. People, situations, and relationships sometimes change for the worst but inevitably clear a path for far better replacements. The continued journey will always find bliss.
Shelly Crane, Altered|You're killing me, little human.
Michelle Obama|My Dad used to tell us: 'En este pais, ustedes van a poder lograr todas las cosas que nosotros no pudimos' 'In this country, you will be able to accomplish all the things we never could.'
Debasish Mridha|The window of opportunity is always open, just you have to find it.
Amie O'Brien, The Merchant's Pearl|White ain't nothing.'Mama's grip did not lessen. 'It is something, Cassie. White is something just like black is something. Everybody born on this Earth is something, and nobody, no matter what color is better than anybody else.''Then how come Mr. Simms don't know that.''Because he's one of those people who has to believe that white people are better than black people to make himself feel big.' I stared questionably at Mama, not really understanding.Mama squeezed my hadn't and explained further, 'You see, Cassie, many years ago, when our people were fist brought from Africa in chains to work as slaves in this country--''Like Big Ma's Papa and Mama?'Mama nodded. "Yes, baby. Like Papa Luke and Mama Rachel. Except they were born right here is Mississippi, but their grandparents were born in Africa. And when they came, there was some white people who thought that is was wrong for any people to be slaves. So the people who needed slaves to work in their fields and the people who were making money bringing slaves from Africa preached that black people weren't really people like white people were, so slavery was all right. They also said that slavery was good for us because it thought us to be good Christians, like the white people.' She sighed deeply, her voice fading into a distant whisper, 'But they didn't teach us Christianity to save our souls, but to teach us obedience. They were afraid of slave revolts and they wanted us to learn the Bible's teachings about slaves being loyal to their masters. But even teaching Christianity didn't make us stop wanting to be free, and many slaves ran away.â€�...She was silent for a moment, then went on. 'Well, after a while, slavery became so profitable to people who had slaves and even to those who didn't that most people started to believe that black people weren't really people like everybody else. And when the Civil War was fought, and Mama Rachel and Papa Luke and all the other slaves were freed, people continued to think that way. Even the Northeners who fought the war didn't really see us equal to white people.'So, now, even though seventy years have passed since slavery, most white people still think of us as they did then, that we're not as good as they are. And people like Mr. Simms hold onto that belief harder than some other folks because they have little else to hold onto. For him to believe that he is better than we are makes him think that he's important, simply because he's white.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|When you can share the lessons you learnt through tears and heartache and others find life in it and are better off for it, then beauty has come out of those ashes.
Jaime Tenorio Valenzuela|When you cut pieces out of the truth to avoid looking like a fool, you end up sounding like a moron instead.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|A fear is a reaction to a specific danger, to which the individual can make a specific adjustment. But what characterizes anxiety is the feeling of diffuseness and uncertainty and the experience of helplessness toward the threat.
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|I'm not a Perfectionist."I just don't want to get Embarrassed and Ashamed".
Veronika Gasparyan, Mother at Seven|In my mind, learning to fly was a very logical alternative. I honestly saw no other way to free myself from this torture other than to fly just like the birds did; the birds were completely free"​
Andrew Gross|I'm addicted to laughing. I go to see a lot of comedy shows. I'm addicted to playing really loud and obnoxious rock music in my car. I'm addicted to beautiful clothes and shoes. I just love gorgeous stuff and work hard to acquire pretty things, shiny things. I'm addicted to shiny things!
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Not in all ways (of course), but the animals you know have power: they have abilities humans lack, could be dangerous, could bring life, mean things that mean things.
Ann Wroe, Orpheus: The Song of Life|Nature is self-renewing as it adjusts to maintain balance. Nature becomes even more vibrant as it yields to allow recycling. It is best to align with success and become nature with your health, wealth, and relationships.
Will Durant|In the end, only the truth will survive.
Lydia Millet|The darkest experiences in a human being's life allow that person to either go deeper and stay depressed or get the strength to stand up stronger than ever, and that's my case.
Soul Dancer, Pay Me What I'm Worth|As I digest what words I speak, I consume more wisely.
Dennis Sharpe, Destroyer of Worlds|As you can imagine, those who had fallen this far had been so worn down by their tortures in the seven other hells that they no longer had the strength to cry out.
P.J. Paulson|Fate has dug me a hole, and rather than crawling out, I’m digging it deeper. What Fate began with a post-hole digger, I have expanded with a backhoe. I think I expect that when I reach bottom, I’ll find some sort of enlightenment - that which would give my life meaning, like a buried treasure. It may be buried treasure, but I think it’s buried deep within my soul. It may even be shouting to be let out.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|Instead of vacillating, we need to value, acknowledge and trust our intuition for what it is, a sense of truth.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|They had only ever discussed books but what, in this life, is more personal than books?
Ernest Hemingway|Madame, all stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.
Anamika Mishra|If the love is true, it’s going to be with you
|It is almost impossible to not triumph to bigger and better things, if you aren't afraid to make mistakes, learn from them, and try again with a better approach.
A. J. Bowen|Ideally I'd like to be working steadily as an actor: movies, a TV series, that sort of thing. I've been through a few different TV development cycles, and they didn't work out. When the time and project are right, it'll come together. Like I tell a lot of guys, it's not a race; there's no finish line.
Kahlil Gibran|My friend, I am not what I seem. Seeming is but a garment I wear - a care-woven garment that protects me from thy questionings and thee from my negligence
Margaret Irwin, Bloodstock and Other Stories|Tonight, however, Dickens struck him in a different light. Beneath the author’s sentimental pity for the weak and helpless, he could discern a revolting pleasure in cruelty and suffering, while the grotesque figures of the people in Cruikshank’s illustrations revealed too clearly the hideous distortions of their souls. What had seemed humorous now appeared diabolic, and in disgust at these two favourites he turned to Walter Pater for the repose and dignity of a classic spirit.But presently he wondered if this spirit were not in itself of a marble quality, frigid and lifeless, contrary to the purpose of nature. ‘I have often thought’, he said to himself, ‘that there is something evil in the austere worship of beauty for its own sake.’ He had never thought so before, but he liked to think that this impulse of fancy was the result of mature consideration, and with this satisfaction he composed himself for sleep. He woke two or three times in the night, an unusual occurrence, but he was glad of it, for each time he had been dreaming horribly of these blameless Victorian works…It turned out to be the Boy’s Gulliver’s Travels that Granny had given him, and Dicky had at last to explain his rage with the devil who wrote it to show that men were worse than beasts and the human race a washout. A boy who never had good school reports had no right to be so morbidly sensitive as to penetrate to the underlying cynicism of Swift’s delightful fable, and that moreover in the bright and carefully expurgated edition they bring out nowadays. Mr Corbett could not say he had ever noticed the cynicism himself, though he knew from the critical books it must be there, and with some annoyance he advised his son to take out a nice bright modern boy’s adventure story that could not depress anybody. Mr Corbett soon found that he too was ‘off reading’. Every new book seemed to him weak, tasteless and insipid; while his old and familiar books were depressing or even, in some obscure way, disgusting. Authors must all be filthy-minded; they probably wrote what they dared not express in their lives. Stevenson had said that literature was a morbid secretion; he read Stevenson again to discover his peculiar morbidity, and detected in his essays a self-pity masquerading as courage, and in Treasure Island an invalid’s sickly attraction to brutality. This gave him a zest to find out what he disliked so much, and his taste for reading revived as he explored with relish the hidden infirmities of minds that had been valued by fools as great and noble. He saw Jane Austen and Charlotte Brontë as two unpleasant examples of spinsterhood; the one as a prying, sub-acid busybody in everyone else’s flirtations, the other as a raving, craving maenad seeking self-immolation on the altar of her frustrated passions. He compared Wordsworth’s love of nature to the monstrous egoism of an ancient bellwether, isolated from the flock.
Huston Smith|I found enormous opposition to my religion. It's like if you want to strengthen your biceps, you lift heavy weight, as heavy as you can handle, and work your muscles against resistance until it grows strong. I had to do that with my religion.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Where have they gone?" "Wherever magicians used to go. Behind the sky. On the other side of the rain.
Eva Green|At my first Olympics, I didn't have a contract, and I wasn't making any money. After my first Olympics, I was working at 24 Hour Fitness at the front desk. I would go to practice in the morning, run home, shower, grab some food and then go straight to work. I didn't get off of work until 10 or 11 o'clock at night.
Mohammed Sekouty|Only winners have fans, No one care about losers
Ndiritu Wahome, The Girl With The Flawless Face|What does Malcolm have to worry about?" JB would ask them when Malcolm was anxious about something, but he knew: he was worried because to be alive was to worry. Life was scary; it was unknowable. Even Malcolm's money wouldn't immunize him completely. Life would happen to him, and he would have to try to answer it, just like the rest of them. They all--Malcolm with his houses, Willem with his girlfriends, JB with his paints, he with his razors--sought comfort, something that was theirs alone, something to hold off the terrifying largeness, the impossibility, of the world, of the relentlessness of its minutes, its hours, its days.
Petra Hermans|The only thing that had saved her then was knitting. In prison she had become a compulsive knitter. Knitting allowed her to unite, to connect, to integrate. With every stitch she held on to dear life. Threads hold us together.
Thea Halo, Not Even My Name: A True Story|The formal definition of impact is a forcible contact between two things, and God has designed our lives for a collision course with the world.
Vikki Wakefield, Friday Brown|Forgive the beggar attention is all that’s seekedand in return I never givethis will hitthis will turn around and it will bite backI know I believe that this is just another stepanother mistake that will teachso, forgive that asker of questionsand engross yourself in her mistakesand runfast never come backunderstand there’s nothing morenothingnot once morenot everforgivewalk away and live on.
Robbie Lawler|The best art is realized when you can share the experience of making of it and not just the presentation of it, so that the audience is part of the creation and not just part of the consumption. Then it becomes much more full-bodied and robust.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Grady’s a man of action who craves excitement and needs plenty of activity, and he’s seen precious little of either in the ten or so years he’s been our sheriff. Well, let’s just say that since Candi Heart came to town, he’s had plenty to keep him busy, what with the stream of crimes that follows her around. And then there’s the mystery surrounding the woman herself. Suffice to say, Candi’s not quite what she appears and leave it at that.
David Attenborough|We need a wireless mobile device ecosystem that mirrors the PC/Internet ecosystem, one where the consumers' purchase of network capacity is separate from their purchase of the hardware and software they use on that network. It will take government action, or some disruptive technology or business innovation, to get us there.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|What would come, would come...and you would have to meet it, when it did.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|Do not ridicule my effort. Everybody likes a comedian’s company. That’s why they give them tips after watching theshow, not their hard earned money for a mutual fund investment. Give him tips, not your heart. I guess youunderstand the difference.
Cecelia Ahern|I think that 'Hangover II' is as funny as 'The Hangover I,' honest to God, but I think that it's a little bit darker, and the stakes are a little bit higher.
Kavipriya Moorthy, Dirty Martini|If someone asked me if I liked him, Yes!If someone asked me if it was love, Jeez, no!Being offered sex with him, I’d say ‘hell, yeah!’.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Emergency? Knighthawk sent. I’m just bored.I blinked, holding my phone and rereading that text.Bored? I sent. You’re literally spying on the entire world, Knighthawk. You can read anyone’s mail, listen to anyone’s phone calls.First, it’s not the whole world, he wrote. Only large chunks of North and Central America. Second, do you have any idea how mind-numbingly DULL most people are?I started a reply, but a flurry of messages came at me, interrupting what I was going to say.Oh! Knighthawk wrote. Look at this pretty flower!Hey. I want to know if you like me, but I can’t say that, so here’s an awkward flirtation instead.Where are you?I’m here.Where?Here.There?No, here.Oh.Look at my kid.Look at my dog.Look at me.Look at me holding my kid and dog.Hey, everyone. I took a huge koala this morning.Barf. The world is ruled by deific beings who can do stuff like melt buildings into puddles of acid, and all people can think of to do with their phones is take pictures of their pets and try to figure out how to get laid.
Grenville Kleiser|If I can aid one in distress,If I can make a burden less,If I can spread more happiness,Lord, show me how.
Christina Westover, Poisoning Sylvie|You know how sometimes you remember a place you once loved, a movie you’ve enjoyed, only to be disappointed when you return to that place or see that movie for a second time? Well, it wasn’t disappointing. She sounds exactly as I remember her—and there is still something so warm and caring about her that it is difficult to hate her for how she abandoned us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|New morning, new moment in time.
Kormal Kant|Dream all you can, live all you say, work all you must.
Rajesh Walecha|I am here not to let you fall alone, suffocate alone, quit life easy. I'll fight the fate for you and with you.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|Lord, make me less like Jonah and more like Jesus. Save me from being the kind of person who cares more about my comfort, my reputation, and my success than I do about the people You are calling me to serve. Help me to keep all of my dreams on Your altar and be ready at all times to respond with faith and obedience to Your call.
Ray Bradbury|But most of all," she said, "I like to watch people. Sometimes I ride the subway all dayand look at them and listen to them. I just want to figure out who they are and what they want and where they're going. Sometimes I even go to the Fun Parks and ride in the jet cars when they race on the edge of town at midnight and the police don't care as long as they're insured. As long as everyone has ten thousand insurance everyone's happy.Sometimes I sneak around and listen in subways. Or I listen at soda fountains, and doyou know what?""What?""People don't talk about anything.""Oh, they must!""No, not anything. They name a lot of cars or clothes or swimming-pools mostly and sayhow swell! But they all say the same things and nobody says anything different from anyone else. And most of the time in the cafes they have the jokeboxes on and the same jokes most of the time, or the musical wall lit and all the coloured patterns running up and down, but it's only colour and all abstract. And at the museums, have you ever been? All abstract. That's all there is now.
Seth Adam Smith|Knowledge (curriculum) and behavior (pedagogy) are embedded in everyone’s core beliefs about the nature of God, humanity, and the world.
Garth Greenwell|History is only ever invisible when it abets your sense of self, your desires, your ambitions, when it carries your life along in a kind of frictionless way.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|It got to the point where it became logical: if a woman was fiercely intelligent, outspoken and passionate, I’d look towards her arms for the scars. They were almost always there.
Adib Khan, Spiral Road|We have to live within the framework of our limitations and the mistakes we make. Argue with Destiny, but never try to wrestle it into submission. If you do, you’ll end up losing.
Michael Connelly, The Lincoln Lawyer|You know what my father said about innocent clients? ... He said the scariest client a lawyer will ever have is an innocent client. Because if you fuck up and he goes to prison, it'll scar you for life ... He said there is no in-between with an innocent client. No negotiation, no plea bargain, no middle ground. There's only one verdict. You have to put an NG up on the scoreboard. There's no other verdict but not guilty."Levin nodded thoughtfully."The bottom line was my old man was a damn good lawyer and he didn't like having innocent clients," I said. "I'm not sure I do, either.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Though we might like to think so, humankind is not at any special, unique or privileged location in the gargantuan, perhaps infinite, Universe.
Ray Bradbury, A Pleasure to Burn: Fahrenheit 451 Stories|Memory is an illusion, nothing more. It is a fire that needs constant tending.
L.E. Sterling, True Born|I stare at the long, almost elegant thinness of the wrist bone jutting out from a heap of flesh and cloth. All that separates us, that poor woman and me, is an accident of birth.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|Ninety-nine percent of everything that goes on in most Christian churches has nothing whatsoever to do with the actual religion. Intelligent people all notice this sooner or later, and they conclude that the entire one hundred percent is bullshit, which is why atheism is connected with being intelligent in people's minds.
Alexis de Tocqueville|To renounce freedom is to renounce one's humanity, one's rights as a man and equally one's duties.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|The problem is, or rather one of the problems, for there are many, a sizeable proportion of which are continually clogging up the civil, commercial, and criminal courts in all areas of the Galaxy, and especially, where possible, the more corrupt ones, this.The previous sentence makes sense. That is not the problem.This is:Change.Read it through again and you'll get it.
Aurelia B. Rowl, Popping the Cherry|Quick, somebody call the caretaker!’ Gemma’s stage voice rang out loud and clear. ‘There’s some trash here that needs to be taken out.’ She earned a chorus of laughs as she walked towards us, then came to a standstill right beside me. ‘Christ, it reeks, too,’ she said, pinching her nose. ‘What did you do, Malice? Douse yourself in the whole bottle? Oh, never mind. I don’t expect you to have heard of the adage “less is more”.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|The pleasure I found in reading books was disconcerting...I felt anxious about every new piece of information. I would latch onto one particular detail and start look for references and other versions of it in other writings. I remembered, for example, that for quite some time I tracked down the subject of kissing. I read and read and felt dizzy with the subject, as if I had eaten a psychotropic fruit.
Lemony Snicket|Is it useful to feel fear, because it prepares you for nasty events, or is it useless, because nasty events will occur whether you are frightened or not?
Kenneth G. Wilson|I certainly saw science as a kind of calling, and one with as much legitimacy as a religious calling.
Mahatma Gandhi|We have become a Nazi monster in the eyes of the whole world—a nation of bullies and bastards who would rather kill than live peacefully. We are not just Whores for power and oil, but killer whores with hate and fear in our hearts. We are human scum, and that is how history will judge us. . . . No redeeming social value. Just whores. Get out of our way, or we’ll kill you.Well, shit on that dumbness. George W. Bush does not speak for me or my son or my mother or my friends or the people I respect in this world. We didn’t vote for these cheap, greedy little killers who speak for America today—and we will not vote for them again in 2002. Or 2004. Or ever.Who does vote for these dishonest shitheads? Who among us can be happy and proud of having all this innocent blood on our hands? Who are these swine? These flag-sucking half-wits who get fleeced and fooled by stupid little rich kids like George Bush?They are the same ones who wanted to have Muhammad Ali locked up for refusing to kill gooks. They speak for all that is cruel and stupid and vicious in the American character. They are the racists and hate mongers among us—they are the Ku Klux Klan. I piss down the throats of these Nazis.And I am too old to worry about whether they like it or not. Fuck them.
Kenzaburō Ōe, Hiroshima Notes|The irresponsible mother helped explain bella's maturity. She'd had to grow up early, to become the caretaker. That's why she didn't like being cared for- she felt it was her job.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Rapture|—¿Por qué sigues creyendo en Dios? ¿No estás enfadada con Él por todas las cosas malas que te han pasado?Ella interrumpió lo que estaba haciendo y se volvió hacia él. Gabriel parecía muy infeliz.—A todo el mundo le pasan cosas malas. ¿Por qué iba a ser yo distinta a los demás?—Porque eres buena.Ella se miró las manos.—El universo no se basa en la magia. No hay unas reglas para las personas buenas y otras para las personas malas. Todo el mundo sufre en un momento u otro. Lo importante es lo que haces con tu dolor, ¿no crees?
S. Bradley Stoner, Fishing and Other Misadventures|Maybe the question isn't whether God exists, but how we act. If we all act like God doesn't exist, then for all intents and purposes God doesn't. But if we act like God does exist, then in essence, She does.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|I was so happy … before.’ ‘I find that happiness can always be recollected in tranquillity, Ma’am,’ said Melbourne. Victoria put her hands down and looked up at him, her pale blue eyes searching his face. ‘You were happy too?’When Melbourne spoke, it was in the voice not of the urbane Prime Minister, but of a man of advancing years who is facing the loss of the only thing that is still capable of bringing him joy. ‘You know I was, Ma’am.
Ivanka Trump|Even when I was a teen model, I didn't think it was fair that I had to enter the acting world to get insurance.
Julia Cameron, The Artist's Way|...I have this one nasty habit. Makes me hard to live with. I write......writing is antisocial. It's as solitary as masturbation. Disturb a writer when he is in the throes of creation and he is likely to turn and bite right to the bone... and not even know that he's doing it. As writers' wives and husbands often learn to their horror......there is no way that writers can be tamed and rendered civilized. Or even cured. In a household with more than one person, of which one is a writer, the only solution known to science is to provide the patient with an isolation room, where he can endure the acute stages in private, and where food can be poked in to him with a stick. Because, if you disturb the patient at such times, he may break into tears or become violent. Or he may not hear you at all... and, if you shake him at this stage, he bites...
Aleksandar Hemon, The Book of My Lives|To be fair, she called this morning. I stared at the phone. Circled it on my bed. And, eventually, it stopped ringing. If it had been important, she would’ve called back, right? That was the line of thought that ran through my head until halfway through the day, when I started to feel bad about it.
Savitri Devi|Respect the man of noble races other than your own, who carries out, in a different place, a combat parallel to yours -- to ours. He is your ally. He is our ally, be he at the other end of the world.Love all living things whose humble task is not opposed in any way to yours, to ours: men with simple hearts, honest, without vanity and malice, and all the animals, because they are beautiful, without exception and without exception indifferent to whatever "idea" there may be. Love them, and you will see the eternal in the glance of their eyes of jet, amber, or emerald. Love also the trees, the plants, the water that runs though the meadow and on to the sea without knowing where it goes; love the mountain, the desert, the forest, the immense sky, full of light or full of clouds; because all these exceed man and reveal the eternal to you.
B.J. Daniels, Lone Rider|The moment Jace Calder saw his sister's face, he feared the worst. His heart sank. Emily, his troubled little sister, had been doing so well since she'd gotten the job at the Sarah Hamilton Foundation in Big Timber, Montana.	"What's wrong?" he asked as he removed his Stetson, pulled up a chair at the Big Timber Java coffee shop and sat down across from her. Tossing his hat on the seat of an adjacent chair, he braced himself for bad news.	Emily blinked her big blue eyes. Even though she was closing in on twenty-five, he often caught glimpses of the girl she'd been. Her pixie cut, once a dark brown like his own hair, was dyed black. From thirteen on, she'd been piercing anything she could. At sixteen she'd begun getting tattoos and drinking. It wasn't until she'd turned seventeen that she'd run away, taken up with a thirty-year-old biker drug-dealer thief and ended up in jail for the first time.	But while Emily still had the tattoos and the piercings, she'd changed after the birth of her daughter, and after snagging this job with Bo Hamilton.	"What's wrong is Bo," his sister said. Bo had insisted her employees at the foundation call her by her first name. "Pretty cool for a boss, huh?" his sister had said at the time. He'd been surprised. That didn't sound like the woman he knew.	But who knew what was in Bo's head lately. Four months ago her mother, Sarah, who everyone believed dead the past twenty-two years, had suddenly shown up out of nowhere. According to what he'd read in the papers, Sarah had no memory of the past twenty-two years.	He'd been worried it would hurt the foundation named for her. Not to mention what a shock it must have been for Bo.	Emily leaned toward him and whispered, "Bo's… She's gone.
|The earlier you admit to your mistakes, the more time you would have to learn and grow from them.
Debasish Mridha|It's never too late to love and live again. Without love in life, nothing to lose or gain.
Joy Williams, Ill Nature|We were restless for ages...After a while I heard an owl hooting and calmed myself by thinking of it flying over the dark fields – and then I remembered it would be pouncing on mice. I love owls, but I wish God had made them vegetarian.
Kerry E. Wagner|you don't have to worry about burning bridges, if you're building your own
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|I want to make the choice that gives an accurate impression of who I am; and who I am is someone who wants to be ethical, evolved, yet not at all an oil pan for the machinations of the morally corrupt.
Chris Dee, World's Finest: Red Cape, Big City|Flash fire."	She turned her head as far as she could, trying to look at him. "I don't know what that means."	He shifted on the branch. "First time I was on a submarine, we had a flash fire. It's a combustion explosion. A flammable mist builds up in the air, then suddenly, bam. Think super high temperatures and a rapidly moving flame front. It kills by asphyxiation. Burns up all the available oxygen. It's devastating.
Helen Keller|When you find a man you wish to marry, Tessa, remember this: You will know what kind of man he is not by the things he says, but by the things he does.
Stephen Biro, Hellucination|You twitch as the darkness moves in and out of you. It crawls up your spine and nestles in your brain like an evil thought from out of nowhere, burying itself in your psyche like a starving leech looking for a vein.
Kelly Moran, Benediction|Matters of the heart were important, but people tended to put too much stock in the particular organ when, in retrospect, it was only tissue. It pumped blood and the body couldn’t live without it, sure, but it had no actual bearing on love. The soul was what made a person distinct—the part that lived on after death, how one being connected to another, and what bound essence.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|There is no greater despair, than to tread with care upon ice that is already broken
Karen Ann Wirtz, A Game of Truths|Experts have called Donald Trump's ignorance "breathtaking." Jeffrey Goldberg has said that Trump has "no understanding of the post-war international order that was created by the United States." Goldberg further stated that Trump shows "little interest in understanding why the world is organized the way it is.
Nicole  Williams, Crush|You could’ve pushed me away for years, I still wouldn’t have gone anywhere. I’d still be at your side, annoying the hell out of you until you finally agreed to marry me.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|If religion is against homosexuality, then it is against the will and happiness of people.
Samuel Adams|I was ecstatic when they re-named "French fries" as "freedom fries." Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.
Martina Boone, Persuasion|I had the vertiginous feeling one gets standing at the precipice of an unresolved plan, for I had brought Bon and myself to the brink of disaster without knowing how to save us. But was not this how all plans developed, unknown to their maker until he wove for himself a parachute, or else melted into air?
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|You don’t know all that you can be unless you’ve tried all there is to try. None of us get to do that in this life, so hence the saying, there’s always room for improvement.
Dada Bhagwan|The Right Knowledge reduces pain-and-suffering, and increases happiness. If we fall short of having acquired the Right Knowledge, the faults is ours’, isn’t it?
A.A. Milne, When We Were Very Young|VespersLittle Boy kneels at the foot of the bed,Droops on the little hands little gold head.Hush! Hush! Whisper who dares!Christopher Robin is saying his prayers.God bless Mummy. I know that's right.Wasn't it fun in the bath tonight?The cold's so cold, and the hot's so hot.Oh! God bless Daddy -- I quite forgot.If I open my fingers a little bit more,I can see Nanny's dressing-gown on the door.It's a beautiful blue, but it hasn't a hood.Oh! God bless Nanny and make her good.Mine has a hood, and I lie in bed,And pull the hood right over my head,And I shut my eyes, and I curl up small,And nobody knows that I'm there at all.Oh! Thank you, God, for a lovely day.And what was the other I had to say?I said "Bless Daddy," so what can it be?Oh! Now I remember. God bless Me.Little Boy kneels at the foot of the bed.Droops on the little hands little gold head.Hush! Hush! Whisper who dares!Christopher Robin is saying his prayers.
Stephen King|It is not so much that women have a different point of view in politics as that they give a different emphasis. And this is vastly important, for politics is so largely a matter of emphasis.
Vishal Chipkar, Enter Heaven|Life is not the end, and death is just the beginning...
Tanya Masse|At the moment of giving birth to a child, is the mother separate from the child? You should study not only that you become a mother when your child is born, but also that you become a child.
Marcy Dermansky, The Red Car|Yet here was Morrie talking with the wonder of our college years, as if I'd simply been on a long vacation. ..What happened to me? I once promised I would never work for money, that I would join the Peace Corps, that I would live in beautiful, inspirational places.
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|Hiding my pain and acting strong, afraid to cry and show my tears, I struggle with all this years later.
Jack Canfield, Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul II|Each day is an adventure in discovering the meaning of life. It is each little thing that you do that day - whether it be spending time with your friends, running in a cross-country meet or just simply staring at the crashing ocean- that holds the key to discovering the meaning of life. I would rather be out enjoying these things than pondering them. We may never really discover the meaning of life, but the knowledge we gain in our quest to discover it is truly more valuable. 
Nate Lowman|I think I went to Italy initially for the art, architecture, food and history, but I stayed there because of the people in Cortona.
Jamie Dimon|This industry is 90 percent business, 10 percent talent.
Russell Peters|There's a lot of movies, and I've made some of them that could be categorized this way, but there's definitely been a trend in animated features of all types to be a little bit cynical, if you will, to have a little bit of 'knowing' humor to them, kind of a wink to the audience.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Do not try to catch the happiness because happiness is not a thing you can catch, it is a thing you can create with your own mind only!
Mohammed Sekouty|All those who prefer peace to power, and happiness to glory should thank the colonized people for their civilizing mission. By liberating themselves, they made Europeans more modest, less racist, and more human. Let us hope that the process continues and that the Americans are obliged to follow the same course. When one’s own cause is unjust, defeat can be liberating.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|Left alone, I am overtaken by the northern void-no wind, no cloud, no track, no bird, only the crystal crescents between peaks, the ringing monuments of rock that, freed from the talons of ice and snow, thrust an implacable being into the blue. In the early light, the rock shadows on the snow are sharp; in the tension between light and dark is the power of the universe. This stillness to which all returns, this is reality, and soul and sanity have no more meaning than a gust of snow; such transience and insignificance are exalting, terrifying, all at once…Snow mountains, more than sea or sky, serve as a mirror to one’s own true being, utterly still, utterly clear, a void, an Emptiness without life or sound that carries in Itself all life, all sound.
C. JoyBell C.|We all have thorns in our flesh. All of us. Love is when we stay and help someone pluck out their thorns one-by-one and they do the same for us. Love is also when we pluck the thorns out of our own flesh, one-by-one. But today, the world teaches us that we shouldn’t even see those thorns, that we should only see the petals. As a result, we don’t know how to love ourselves and we don’t know how to love others. Stay with the darkness, and bring that darkness into the light. It’s there, look at it.
Dada Bhagwan|In this era, there are all kinds of prakrutis (personality of the relative self), so how can it work without adjusting?
Alfred Hitchcock|Suspense is like a woman. The more left to the imagination, the more the excitement. ... The conventional big-bosomed blonde is not mysterious. And what could be more obvious than the old black velvet and pearls type? The perfect ‘woman of mystery’ is one who is blonde, subtle and Nordic. ... Although I do not profess to be an authority on women, I fear that the perfect title [for a movie], like the perfect woman is difficult to find.
Etienne de L'Amour, The Lucian Uprising|To write a genuine familiar or truly English style, is to write as any one would speak in common conversation who had a thorough command and choice of words, or who could discourse with ease, force, and perspicuity, setting aside all pedantic and oratorical flourishes.
Erwin McManus|I feel that directors at times are like the janitors on the set. I am the secretary, I am the organizer, I am the maid, and I ask if they have eaten or rested. The best things are always out of your control. It's those moments that surpass the imagination that are thrilling.
Kinley MacGregor, Return of the Warrior|She reached up to place her fingertips to his lips as she stared up at him with a warm, tender expression. "I wish you had come home to me so that I could have helped you."He pulled the cloth away from her face and stared at her for a hard second. "Had I known what was waiting for me, my lady, I would have."-Christian and Adara
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Don't just hope, dear. Plan and do. Only reserve hope for the things you cannot control.
Siren Waroe|What a major mistake, having rejected pretty much all of the great talented female artists that have lived throughout the ages, art history is left incomplete. The validity of the written art history is as absent as those women left out.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|The best way to overcome depression is to work it to death. Whether it be your body or your mind, just be active and some relief you’ll find.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|The ReckoningThe time has come for RetributionA time for Redemption, A time for Forgiveness A time for Renewal, A time to prevailMy love will set you free my darling.Our love, forever bound.-SL Ross
Abdullah II of Jordan|If a writer is to tell his own story - tell it slowly, and as if it were a story about other people - if he is to feel the power of the story rise up inside him, if he is to sit down at a table and patiently give himself over to this art - this craft - he must first have been given some hope.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|I imagine one of the reasons people cling to their hates so stubbornly is because they sense, once hate is gone, they will be forced to deal with pain.
John Lydon|I was in a relationship with a girl I loved for three years. Where do you go after three years? Then you've got to start thinking about other things, and I'm too young to think about those things.
Tania Ahsan, The brilliant book of calm: Down to Earth Ideas for Finding Inner Peace in a Chaotic World|The fact is, inner peace isn't something that comes when you finally paint the whole house a nice shade of cream and start drinking herbal tea. Inner peace is something that is shaped by the wisdom that 'this too shall pass' and is fired in the kiln of self-knowledge...
Blaise Pascal|The moment you have a self at all, there is a possibility of putting yourself first - wanting to be the centre - wanting to be God, in fact. That was the sin of Satan: and that was the sin he taught the human race. Some people think the fall of man had something to do with sex, but that is a mistake...what Satan put into the heads of our remote ancestors was the idea that they 'could be like Gods' - could set up on their own as if they had created themselves - be their own masters - invent some sort of happiness for themselves outside God, apart from God. And out of that hopeless attempt has come...the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.
Maria V. Snyder, Poison Study|I peered deeper and found my soul. A little tattered and with some holes, but there all the same. It had always been there, I realized with shock.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free.
Tom Standage, A History of the World in 6 Glasses|Medicine, I have reason since to notice more than once, remains an imperfect art.
Alain de Botton, News|Love is often gentle, desire always a rage.
Tim Gunn|I've never mentioned this, but when I was at Parsons teaching, the other design disciplines, they don't like fashion design. They see it as very nineteenth-century.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|In every cloud, in every tree – filling the air at night, and caught by glimpses in every object, by day I am surrounded with her image! The most ordinary faces of men, and women – my own features mock me with a resemblance. The entire world is a dreadful collection of memoranda that she did exist, and that I have lost her!
Richard Russo, Empire Falls|If I had a talent I could claim, it would be as a finder of trouble. Which is undoubtedly what I'd find by sticking my nose where it had no right to be. But would I let a thought of trouble stop me? Not a snowflake's chance in hell.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Fulfil my wishes, Obey my commands.
William Gibson|Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|A rush of cold air blew against his face as he left her bakery. While he walked, Kaden tried to convince himself the date wasn't a big deal, but it was. The nervous energy swirling in his stomach gave him away. He'd never been on a date. Ever. He had met his wife the day they were bonded. He wasn't even sure of the proper protocol for a human date. His brothers had one-night stands, not dates. There was no way he could ask them. They'd never let him live it down. Perhaps he could find the answer on Google?	With all he had learned since his arrival, he was confident he could figure this out. Besides, this was a date with Annabelle - the one human he had made a connection with. After everything they had been through, taking her out on a date should be easy. 	What could possibly go wrong?
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|Will was dead, but Missouri Ann was going to have a baby. Birth and death were God's way, she told herself. Joy and sorrow were joined together.
Bret Easton Ellis, Glamorama|The Dave Matthews Band’s “Crash into Me” played over the montage, not that the lyrics had anything to do with the images the song was played over but it was “haunting”, it was “moody”, it was “summing things up”, it gave the footage an “emotional resonance” that I guess we were incapable of capturing ourselves. At first my feelings were basically so what? But then I suggested other music: “Hurt” by Nine Inch Nails, but I was told that the rights were sky-high and that the song was “too ominous” for this sequence; Nada Surf’s “Popular” had “too many minor chords”, it didn’t fit the “mood of the piece,” it was – again – “too ominous.” When I told them I seriously did not think things could get any more fucking ominous than they already were, I was told, “Things get very much more ominous, Victor,” and then I was left alone.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Mr. Jamrach led me through the lobby and into the menagerie. The first was a parrot room, a fearsome screaming place of mad round eyes, crimson breasts that beat against bars, wings that flapped against their neighbours, blood red, royal blue, gypsy yellow, grass green. The birds were crammed along perches. Macaws hung upside down here and there, batting their white eyes, and small green parrots flittered above our heads in drifts. A hot of cockatoos looked down from on high over the shrill madness, high crested, creamy breasted. The screeching was like laughter in hell.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|As we drifted away from the Tower Bridge, I saw a single silhouette standing against the bright lamplight. Even now when I was nearly asleep, I could recognise her. Her shoulders were hunched up as if she was upset. Whether she was upset that she had nearly killed me or that she had let me get away, I was unsure. Then she turned around and walked to join the other silhouettes standing in a group farther back. Now I could not see which one was Rose – they were all joint together to make one.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|Attraction is so much more than a pretty face. It’s about passion, attitude, kindness, & faith.
Francine Pascal, Payback|It is good to know that out there, in a forest in the world, there is a cabin where something is possible...
Katy Evans, Commander in Chief|She is the one relentless, constant thought in my head and tug in my damn chest. The only she that has ever existed in my life.
Mamur Mustapha|When life's adversities overwhelm you, look beyond your circumstances with an absolute trust that God is in control.
Soroosh Shahrivar, The Rise of Shams|Why two (or whole groups) of people can come up with the same story or idea at the same time, even when across the world from each-other:"A field is a region of influence, where a force will influence objects at a distance with nothing in between. We and our universe live in a Quantum sea of light. Scientists have found that the real currency of the universe is an exchange of energy. Life radiates light, even when grown in the dark. Creation takes place amidst a background sea of energy, which metaphysics might call the Force, and scientists call the "Field." (Officially the Zero Point Field) There is no empty space, even the darkest empty space is actually a cauldron of energies. Matter is simply concentrations of this energy (particles are just little knots of energy.) All life is energy (light) interacting. The universe is self-regenreating and eternal, constantly refreshing itself and in touch with every other part of itself instantaneously. Everything in it is giving, exchanging and interacting with energy, coming in and out of existence at every level. The self has a field of influence on the world and visa versa based on this energy.Biology has more and more been determined a quantum process, and consciousness as well, functions at the quantum level (connected to a universe of energy that underlies and connects everything). Scientist Walter Schempp's showed that long and short term memory is stored not in our brain but in this "Field" of energy or light that pervades and creates the universe and world we live in.A number of scientists since him would go on to argue that the brain is simply the retrieval and read-out mechanism of the ultimate storage medium - the Field. Associates from Japan would hypothesize that what we think of as memory is simply a coherent emission of signals from the "Field," and that longer memories are a structured grouping of this wave information. If this were true, it would explain why one tiny association often triggers a riot of sights, sounds and smells. It would also explain why, with long-term memory in particular, recall is instantaneous and doesn't require any scanning mechanism to sift through years and years of memory.If they are correct, our brain is not a storage medium but a receiving mechanism in every sense, and memory is simply a distant cousin of perception.Some scientists went as far as to suggest that all of our higher cognitive processes result from an interaction with the Field. This kind of constant interaction might account for intuition or creativity - and how ideas come to us in bursts of insight, sometimes in fragments but often as a miraculous whole. An intuitive leap might simply be a sudden coalescence of coherence in the Field.The fact that the human body was exchanging information with a mutable field of quantum fluctuation suggested something profound about the world. It hinted at human capabilities for knowledge and communication far deeper and more extended than we presently understand. It also blurred the boundary lines of our individuality - our very sense of separateness. If living things boil down to charged particles interacting with a Field and sending out and receiving quantum information, where did we end and the rest of the world began? Where was consciousness-encased inside our bodies or out there in the Field?Indeed, there was no more 'out there' if we and the rest of the world were so intrinsically interconnected. In ignoring the effect of the "Field" modern physicists set mankind back, by eliminating the possibility of interconnectedness and obscuring a scientific explanation for many kinds of miracles. In re-normalizing their equations (to leave this part out) what they'd been doing was a little like subtracting God.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Throughout history there have been those who have created change, and others who have feared it.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|All in our lives, we are busy engaged and struggling with the figures and stats of rent, bills and savings when we forget to count the days of our lives.
Michael Bassey Johnson|No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don't have.
Francine Rivers, Redeeming Love|As gentle a man as he was, as tender as was his heart, there was nothing weak about Michael Hosea. He was the strongest-minded man Joseph had ever met. A Man like Noah. A Man like the Shepherd-king David. A man after God's own heart.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not money, I am become as a sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal. And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith, so that I could remove mountains, and have not money, I am nothing. And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and though I give my body to be burned, and have not money, it profiteth me nothing. Money suffereth long, and is kind; money envieth not; money vaunteth not itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave unseemly, seeketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. . . . And now abideth faith, hope, money, these three; but the greatest of these is money. I Corinthians xiii (adapted) 
Azza Nazh|I feel jealous, I want to be something your mind consumes the most.
Taylor Swift|Every formula of every religion has in this age of reason, to submit to the acid test of reason and universal assent.
Billy Graham|We act as if it doesn’t matter how we live or what we think or say. We have moved in with the world, and we have allowed the world to penetrate the way we live. So the things that we used to call sin no longer seem to be sin to us.
Ram Dass|I've come to the conclusion that a long, personal relationship is next to impossible for me. Ultimately, music is a possessive mistress.
Anthony Liccione|Please don´t drown into his fears, his concrete fists don´t let him again, break the bridge of your nose with his cruel born hits. Then disappear into that mask of misery.
Anne Leonard|You can’t fix who you are on your own, but God is in the business of transforming broken girls into beautiful trophies of His grace.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|(Topper) I’ll story ’em, Fin. I’ll story ’em clean.
John Chrysostom|If we are serious about dreaming our awakening into being and creating a peaceful, loving earth in which the heart, spirit and soul are the only true leaders, we must continue to keep our focus on thoughts of unity and all that truly brings us together.
Michael Clifford|Just because the rose died on the vine, doesn't mean it lied to you when it was in bloom.
Karen V. Wasylowski|Darcy’s hand suddenly rammed angrily into a bowl of fruit and grasped an innocent, unsuspecting orange. “Enough. The woman is demented. Our marriage is simply something to which she must become adjusted. She insulted Elizabeth and her family, and in so doing, she insulted me.” With an expression as black as pitch, Darcy commenced to vivisecting the orange. By the time he finished with said orange, it was completely dead, thoroughly dead, with no semblance remaining of its prior orange existence.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|The present moment is the only time over which we have dominion. The most important person is always the person you are with, who is right before you,
Darrell Calkins|By music I mean the ‘spirit of the game,’ which is what all spirituality ultimately points to — ‘I hear the voice’ (of Nature, God, beauty, truth, love…). Hear it and move onto or into. The easiest way to do that is to notice and invest in whatever it is that provokes wonderment. You could call this coming back to mysticism as a way of life. We were all already there as children.
Keith R.A. DeCandido, Heart of the Dragon|You don't have to believe in Hell. All you need is to hear someone who really does, who believes in it this minute, today, the way people believe in 1685 — all you have to do is see his face, his voice when he says the word... and than you know that anyone who can imagine Hell has the power to make it real for other people.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy Was a Junior|To eliminate the discrepancy between men's plans and the results achieved, a new approach is necessary. Morphological thinking suggests that this new approach cannot be realized through increased teaching of specialized knowledge. This morphological analysis suggests that the essential fact has been overlooked that every human is potentially a genius. Education and dissemination of knowledge must assume a form which allows each student to absorb whatever develops his own genius, lest he become frustrated. The same outlook applies to the genius of the peoples as a whole.
Confucius|The Master said, “Wealth and honor are things that all people desire, and yet unless they are acquired in the proper way I will not abide them. Poverty and disgrace are things that all people hate, and yet unless they are avoided in the proper way I will not despise them. “If the gentleman abandons ren, how can he be worthy of that name? The gentleman does not violate ren even for the amount of time required to eat a meal. Even in times of urgency or distress, he does not depart from it.”(Analects 4.5)
Chris Hill|Explore in the inside of you and discover your true potential. After your discovery, ameliorate on it and it will yield to an endless success.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, From Poet's Hand|when I look at people fighting with ammunition and weapons of all kind I ponder within me;somehow as a cynic. Ammunition's and weapons are good for war; Yes,they are better necessities to winning battle but the best choice of weapons are neither ammunition nor the strength of a battalion of army but wisdom; a pen on a paper backed by a great mind
Dolly Parton|I was not ladylike, nor was I manly. I was something else altogether. There were so many different ways to be beautiful.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|Love always hurts, Always. It’s what you do with it that makes it durable.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|You talk books away," he said; "why don't you write one?" "I am too fond of reading books to care to write them, Mr. Erskine. I should like to write a novel certainly, a novel that would be as lovely as a Persian carpet and as unreal.
Scott Stabile|I can’t apologize for who I am any more. Even better, I have no desire to.
Jay Grewal, A Slave to Want|When you love yourself, utterly and completely, all of yourself, what you will discover then is that you love others, all others, utterly and completely.
Kevin Lankes|In an essay titled A View From the Front Line, Jencks described her experience with cancer as like being woken up midflight on a jumbo jet and then thrown out with a parachute into a foreign landscape without a map:"There you are, the future patient, quietly progressing with other passengers toward a distant destination when, astonishingly (Why me?) a large hole opens in the floor next to you. People in white coats appear, help you into a parachute and — no time to think — out you go."You descend. You hit the ground....But where is the enemy? What is the enemy? What is it up to?...No road. No compass. No map. No training. Is there something you should know and don't?"The white coats are far, far away, strapping others into their parachutes. Occasionally they wave but, even if you ask them, they don't know the answers. They are up there in the Jumbo, involved with parachutes, not map-making.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... With the rise of modern scientific (or 'rational') knowledge religion is, for the first time, challenged by the disparate claims of other life-orders (Lebensordnungen)... a polytheistic and disordered world of competing values and ideals... the economic, political, aesthetic, erotic and intellectual, which, with the onset of modernity, separate out into relatively autonomous realms (the process of Eigengeseztlichkeit) with their own value-spheres (Wertsphären).
JT Sanz|Work on your craft, whatever your medium. Determination is your illusion headway toward reality.
Lepota L. Cosmo, Love in Paris - Poetic Guide to the Romance of the City|The Christian catacombs represent simplicity and earthiness; the cathedrals, transcendence and wonder.
William J. Brennan, Jr.|Freedom, morality, and the human dignity of the individual consists precisely in this; that he does good not because he is forced to do so, but because he freely conceives it, wants it, and loves it.
Theodore Dreiser, Sister Carrie|The inner man is the periphery of our consciousness. It is also the inner man that takes care of and protects the inner woman for example through putting up creative boundaries. The meeting between a man and a woman on the outer plane creates a relationship. This relationship is not a conflict, but they complement each other. The outer meeting between a man and a woman also creates integration between our own inner male and female sides.
Dave  Moore|Though sleep was dearly needed, it was not welcomed, for even in sleep I was tormented.
Debasish Mridha|Without judging anyone, let us love everyone like a flower.
Daniel Humm|Dear Lord; we beg but one boon more: Peace in the hearts of all men living, peace in the whole world this Thanksgiving.
Jeffrey Rasley, Godless-- Living a Valuable Life Beyond Beliefs|…Theology, as revealed in Scripture, supplies the categories for people to understand their own experience. Theology is the standard by which people should measure their experience, not human experience the standard by which people measure theology.
Cheryl Hamada, The Goddess Intuitive Group Guidebook|Dreams are possibilities, cherish your dreams.
Jason  Taylor, Lead Yourself To Financial Success: How To Become A Great Leader, Add Value To Any Organization, And Increase Overall Prosperity In As Little As Three Months|Don’t be the majority, just hoping for your name to be called, because it won’t happen.
Robert Cormier, The Chocolate War|It's not that I'm ahead of my time, it's more that the world is running late
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have to go head, even if no one goes with you.
Tanith Lee, Delusion's Master|I was in the situation of someone who has assumed, all his life, that madness was on eway, and suddenly in its grip, discovers that it is not only different from the way he'd imagined but that the person suffering from it is someone else, and that this someone else is not interested in finding out what madness is like: he is simply immersed in it, or it has descended on him, and that's that.
Julia Glass, I See You Everywhere|Feel More, Think Less.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|It is necessary for a prince wishing to hold his own to know how to do wrong, and to make use of it or not according to necessity.
Rachel Autumn Deering, Husk|You'd better pray your ass off before you climb in bed tonight. You better pray the Lord finds you some other line of business, cuz the folks you're working for right now is goddamn devils. Swindling, thieving, crooked goddamn devils.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Love you always, miss you always... running day and night, leaving the place of sun and moon, of ice and snow.Never look back, never forget.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|The soul is infinite, made up of aspects that come and go all the time. It’s our nature for parts of the soul to travel while we meditate or dream. Through this process we grow, we learn new thoughts, thus desires, and our consciousness evolves.
Lauren Kate|Rule number 2 - don't listen to me!" Arriane laughed, "I'm certifiably insane!
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Blaming other people inevitably makes us blame ourselves because if we are pointing the finger at someone, practically, we are pointing it at ourselves as well.
K.B. Ezzell, Elysium|I don't want my life to not be the way I expected.I may not be scared of crowds. Or the dark. Or small spaces. But I am afraid. I am afraid of responsibility; I am afraid of not living up to expectations, of the changing future, of growing up, not knowing, sex, relationships, hardship, secrets, grades, judgement, falling short, loneliness, change, confusion, arguments, curiosity, love, hate, losing, pressure, differences, honesty, lies.I am afraid of me.Yet, despite this, I know I am brave. I know I am brave because I've accepted my invisible fears and haven't let them overcome me.I want you to know that you're brave because you know your fears. You're brave because you introduced yourself. You're brave because you said 'No, I don't understand.' You're brave because you are here.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|Yeah, I was thinking about taking one of those showers where you huddle in the corner fully clothed and cry," Archer offered.
Kevin Mitnick|You can choose your family sometimes. You can choose people, it could be a teacher, it could be a professor, it could be someone you work with that actually genuinely cares about you and wants you to succeed.
Jose Ortega y Gasset|I learned from a very young age that if I pursued the things that truly excited me, that they would reward in more important ways, like happiness.
Charles Bukowski|No poetry that I'm aware of, however bad or glorious, has ever left somebody a worse person than they were before they read it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Too many people want to have one foot in the world and one foot in the kingdom of God, and it is like straddling a fence. You are not happy either way. Declare yourself for Christ.
Ruadhán J. McElroy|I’ve long believed that the gods give us the music we’re supposed to hear at the times we’re supposed to hear it, because all music, even lyrical and regardless of language performed in, is in and of itself an inherently magical language that can, at proper times, speak to the soul.
Codi Gary, The Trouble With Sexy|I hate that you went through hell for years and that you suffered. But without your past, you and I wouldn’t have a future.
J. K. Rowling|Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be.
Steven Spielberg|Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.
Mike Lee|The only reason of the institution of civil government; and the only rational ground of submission to it, is the common safety and utility.
Cristina Marrero|Faith should be a tool to set us free, not a means to fuel a fascist agenda seeking to impede the civil liberties of the "us"s. The first shall be last and the last shall be first... therefore, those who stand for their Pius self-righteousness in order to trample those they deem inferior will be the 'last' and the poor and oppressed shall be 'first.' If the self-righteous want a lesson on morality, then actually take a lesson from Jesus whose best friend was a former hooker and whose mother was a single parent.
Peter Bunzl, Cogheart|You know, once,” Robert said, “I was working in the shop, doing some repairs on a music box, and it was all going wrong. Da took me aside and told me to think of it like life: ‘It looks complicated when you see all the separate pieces, but the purpose of the music box is to play joyful music. You just have to remember how to fit them together so it will. The same with life really. It’s just about the living of it. That’s all you have, and all you can do: live and be happy.
Debasish Mridha|Be not perfect, be just and kind.
Charles R. Swindoll|We cannot change our past... we cannot change the fact that people will act in a certain way. We cannot change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one string we have, and that is our attitude. I am convinced that life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. And so it is with you... we are in charge of our Attitudes.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Where there is darkness, there is chaos and confusion, but when light shines, things are set in order and the light rules and governs.
Mark Forsyth, The Etymologicon: A Circular Stroll through the Hidden Connections of the English Language|Pot itself has nothing to do with pots and pans, but comes from the Mexican-Spanish word potiguaya, which means marijuana leaves. And marijuana is a Mexification of 'Mary Jane' for reasons that everybody is much too stoned to remember.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|But what are kings, when regiment is gone,But perfect shadows in a sunshine day?- Edward II, 5.1
Ben Okri, A Time for New Dreams|Knowledge of self ought to be the great project of our lives. Knowing ourselves we will know others. Only by knowing ourselves can we begin to undo the madness we unleash on the world in our wars, our destruction of the environment, our divisions, our desire to dominate others, the poverty we create and exploit. Only through self-knowledge can we reverse the damage we do with all the worldly knowledge we have, which has been only a higher ignorance.
Frank Wanderer|It is not then the existence or the non-existence, of the persons that I trouble myself about; it is the fable of Jesus Christ, as told in the New Testament, and the wild and visionary doctrine raised thereon, against which I contend. The story, taking it as it is told, is blasphemously obscene. It gives an account of a young woman engaged to be married, and while under this engagement, she is, to speak plain language, debauched by a ghost.
Stephen King, Desperation|Oh no, praying is great, without it the thumbscrews and the Iron Maiden probably never would have been invented.
Pablo Andrés Wunderlich Padilla|When a situation gets so bad that no solution seems possible there is left only murder and suicide, or both. These failing, one becomes a buffoon.
Robert M. Hutchins|In Roslyn, Pennsylvania, we started our real-life family circus. They provided the inspiration for my cartoons. I provided the perspiration.
George Orwell, 1984|It is deliberate policy to keep even the favoured groups somewhere near the brink of hardship, because a general state of scarcity increases the importance of small privileges and thus magnifies the distinction between one group and another.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|I've got such an envious heart;It sloshes and acheswhen you touch her face,and I don't know what to do with it,other than to justlet it break.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|Instantly I regretted my decision. It was one of those times when you hear yourself saying something, and it seems like a good idea at the time, but once you blurt it out you can hardly believe it's you speaking. What was I thinking?
Katie Cotugno, How to Love|the sensations she was asking about were very pleasant; some of them were nothing short of delicious; but to know them one simply had to go barefoot. I could sense a mixture of envy and fearful reserve. It was time to tell her what another barefoot hiker had once told me, when I had stood, still shod, on the edge of wanting to go barefoot: "Take off your shoes.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|He, after all, had no standards of manliness, of virility, to complicate his pride.
Brandi L. Bates, Moonshine For The Soul: A Path to Strength, Wisdom, Growth, Health & Happiness|No matter what the industry you choose to ultimately invest all your time and energy in, be sure you're the owner, founder, and CEO. Remember, if you don't own it, you can't control it nor can you depend on it.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|In my father’s scheme of things, there were Italians and then there was the rest of the world.
Elizabeth Brundage, All Things Cease to Appear|It doesn't matter are you good with the dice, you die. It really doesn't matter what are you doing everyone dies one moment, one way or other way.
Jacob Bronowski|And when we describe it as I shall do, it becomes plain that imagination is a specifically human gift. To imagine is the characteristic act, not of the poet's mind, or the painter's, or the scientist's, but of the mind of man.
Auliq Ice|Having confidence in your obedience, offers yourself confidence and love.
John Stuart Mill, Principles of Political Economy: And Chapters on Socialism|Meanwhile, two other great currents in political thought, had a decisive significance on the development of socialist ideas: Liberalism, which had powerfully stimulated advanced minds in the Anglo-Saxon countries, Holland and Spain in particular, and Democracy in the sense. to which Rousseau gave expression in his Social Contract, and which found its most influential representatives in the leaders of French Jacobinism. While Liberalism in its social theories started off from the individual and wished to limit the state's activities to a minimum, Democracy took its stand on an abstract collective concept, Rousseau's general will, which it sought to fix in the national state. Liberalism and Democracy were pre-eminently political concepts, and since most of the original adherents of both did scarcely consider the economic conditions of society, the further development of these conditions could not be practically reconciled with the original principles of Democracy, and still less with those of Liberalism. Democracy with its motto of equality of all citizens before the law, and Liberalism with its right of man over his own person, both were wrecked on the realities of capitalist economy. As long as millions of human beings in every country have to sell their labour to a small minority of owners, and sink into the most wretched misery if they can find no buyers, the so-called equality before the law remains merely a pious fraud, since the laws are made by those who find themselves in possession of the social wealth. But in the same way there can be no talk of a right over one's own person, for that right ends when one is compelled to submit to the economic dictation of another if one does not want to starve.
Michael Diack, The Super Spud Trilogy|Foolish potato, talking to her like that won’t work. You’ve got to be mean and show off your foil-wrapped rigidity.
Goran Ivanisevic|When someone asks if you'd like cake or pie, why not say you want cake and pie?
Michelle M. Pillow, The Jaded Hunter|There were a few things scarier than a bipolar vampire off his meds, but to be honest, not that many.
Charles Dickens, The Mystery of Edwin Drood|For certain, neither of them sees a happy Present, as the gate opens and closes, and one goes in, and the other goes away.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|Silence beyond being the answer to fools, is sometimes the answer of fools.
Mahatma Gandhi|When a tradition gathers enough strength to go on for centuries, you don't just turn it off one day.
Orson Scott Card, Xenocide|Grief, she reminded herself, is almost always for the mourner's loss.
Albert Einstein|Getting lost or losing grip gives life meaning and direction. It gives you the opportunity to grow, learn something new and startover. Next time you feel like your failing, slipping or just unsettled in life - take a deep breath - get in the moment of just "being" - feel the life run through your body - stand up and keep going.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The “growing” we attribute to becoming more mature, could be more accurately described as “shrinking,” as we cut away the nonsense that emotionally weighs us down.
Ronda Rousey|I'm kind of like a middle mix between a warrior diet and a Paleo diet, so I only eat once a day and it's at night - so kind of like interval fasting. But I eat until I'm full, I eat as much as I want, and I really don't eat anything that you couldn't find, you know, 10,000 years ago.
Himmilicious, The Knot : A Relationship beyond marriage.|He spanks me again, and again, and again. I lose count after ten strikes, too consumed with the aching sensation spreading across the lower half of my torso. Eventually, I hear myself gasp and moan at each strike, the sting intensifying as my flesh warms with every blow.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|You can succeed beyond the past, but not beyond your belief
Antonio Gramsci, Selections from the Prison Notebooks|Amazin'.' he said again. 'He just looks as though he's thinking, right?''Er...yes.''But he's not actually thinking?''Er...no.''So...he just gives the impression of thinking but really it's just a show?''Er...yes.'Just like everyone else, then really,' said Ridcully
Wendy Wunder, The Museum of Intangible Things|It’s a marvelous thing, the ocean. For some reason when two people sit together looking out at it, they stop caring whether they talk or stay silent. You never get tired of watching it. And no matter how rough the waves get, you’re never bothered by the noise the water makes by the commotion of the surface - it never seems too loud, or too wild.
Kij Johnson, The Man Who Bridged the Mist|There was for everything a possibility, an invisible pattern that could be made manifest given work and the right materials.
Rachel Hawthorne, Suite Dreams|Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits. Fanatics will never learn that, though it be written in letters of gold across the sky. It is the prohibition that makes anything precious
Auliq Ice|I know that I do not know, and uncertainty, certainly, is the cruelest of words.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|The best thing I have always liked about photographers is that they perceive beauty in everything. Beautify everything with clicks; Sonam was that way, looking for beauty everywhere in every place, in every person, may be it was just a practice of photographers. What if all people really appreciate beauty in the world, themselves and other people, the beauty which makes them fall in love with who they truly are, when love of beauty arouses from hearts even the toughest dreams softens their way.
Sunday Adelaja|Is God satisfied with you or could it be that God looks at you and fails to see a man, only a bunch of flesh Full of self, and missing out on the purpose for his or her creation? What does God see, think and feel when he looks at you?
Toni Sorenson|The journey isn't the vista at the end, it's the ever changing view along the way.
Gina Rinehart|Every day we are paying more for energy than we should due to poor insulation, inefficient lights, appliances, and heating and cooling equipment - money we could save by investing in energy efficiency.
Mustafa Kemal Atatürk|Heroes who shed their blood and lost their lives! You are now lying in the soil of a friendly country. Therefore rest in peace. There is no difference between the Johnnies and Mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours. You, the mothers, who sent their sons from far away countries wipe away your tears; your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace. After having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well.
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|I once held a belief that life made sense, that working toward a dream would birth substance. Nothing else mattered. I soon discovered that success is as long-lasting as any of life’s novelties. We’ve all been happy with new things, only to be disappointed later. Dolls and soldiers our parents toiled to give us found their way to pedestals, then to the back of closets. I’d always dreamed of marrying a woman I loved and watching my children grow. I wonder if our lives should be filled with the pursuit of such dreams, those magical hopes interwoven into our story. Our stories are decorative shells for the crabs we really are, both protecting and exposing us to the manic outside.
Elizabeth George|Just as stars shine brightest in the darkest night, your joy blazes brilliantly through life’s problems when you count them as joy.
Antonio J. Méndez, Argo: How the CIA and Hollywood Pulled Off the Most Audacious Rescue in History|Even the truth, when believed, is a lie. You must experience the truth, not believe it.
Donna Lynn Hope, Willow|It's not evil, Rand. I know something evil when I smell it. This isn't evil, it's just incredibly stupid.
Nancy Pearcey, Total Truth: Liberating Christianity from its Cultural Captivity|God's way leads always into trial, so far as sight and sense are concerned. Nature always will be tried in God's ways.
Diane Setterfield|Soon, there was nothing but scraps of words littered between her legs and all around her. Ther words. Why did they have to exist? Without them, there wouldn't be any of this. Without words, the Fuhrer was nothing. There would be no limping prisoners, no need for consolation or wordly tricks to make us feel better.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you keep in secret what would have been used to help you, you will never be helped! Your gifts make way for you to lead; use them well!
Miranda Kenneally|Not only can I teach you math, I can teach you math in bed, Jordan. You know, I'll add the bed, you subtract the clothes, you divide the legs, and I'll multiply
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I have walked down jungle trails in Africa where I met fellow Christians; and immediately we were brothers even though we were separated by language, race, and culture.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|We never know how strongly we cling to objects until they are taken away, and he who thinks htat he is attached to nothing, is frequently grandly mistaken, being bound to a thousand things, unknown to himself.
Patrul Rinpoche, The Feature of the Expert, Glorious King: “Three Lines That Hit the Key Points.” Root text and commentary by Patrul Rinpoche|In meditation which is a continuous flow of staying in the state at all times and in every circumstance there is neither suppression nor production of dwelling and proliferation; if there is dwelling, that is the dharmakaya’s own face and if there is proliferation, that is preserved as the self-liveliness of wisdom, so,“Then, whether there is proliferation or dwelling,”Whatever comes from mind’s liveliness as discursive thoughts, be it the truth of the source—afflictions of anger, attachment, and so on—or the truth of unsatisfactoriness—the flavours of experience which are the feelings of happiness, sadness, and so on—if the nature of the discursive thoughts is known as dharmata, they become the shifting events of the dharmakaya, so,“Anger, attachment, happiness, or sadness,”That does not finish it though; generally speaking if they are met with through the view but not finished with by bringing them to the state with meditation, they fall into ordinary wandering in confusion and if that happens, you are bound into cyclic existence by the discursive thoughts of your own mindstream and, dharma and your own mindstream having remained separate, you become an ordinary person who has nothing special about them. Not to be separated from a great non-meditated self-resting is what is needed . . .Additionally, whatever discursive thought or affliction arises, it is not something apart from dharmakaya wisdom, rather, the nature of those discursive thoughts is actual dharmakaya, the ground’s luminosity. If that, which is called ‘the mother luminosity resident in the ground’, is recognized, there is self-recognition of the view of self-knowing luminosity previously introduced by the guru and that is called ‘the luminosity of the practice path’. Abiding in one’s own face of the two luminosities of ground and path become inseparable is called ‘themeeting of mother and son luminosities’ so, “The previously-known mother luminosity joins with the son.
Saint Basil|In the kingdom of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.
Kevin James Breaux|He who has experienced the mystery of the nature is full of life, full of love, full of joy. Radiance emanates from the whole existence itself, it does not know the meaning of holding back. It is pure giving-giving of love. For the great writers, love is like holding ice in hand, it just turns to water and they lose out their role but for a mystic the moment ice transforms to water love starts to flow.
Gerald L. Sittser, When God Doesn't Answer Your Prayer|When I look back on my life I come to one simple conclusion: there exists an intelligent, loving Presence in the Cosmos that will ultimately have its desire for relationship with us fulfilled; even our arrogant dismissal of its existence will not stop it in its tracks. The Enlightenment's god, the great idol of free will, lies smashed in pieces in its wake. The jealous Presence patiently draws us homeward like some gigantic electromagnetic beam. The Death Star in reverse. This divinity is, I believe, the 'Abba' of Jesus, a transcendence that will not be boxed in by religious misrepresentation...
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|It was one of those decisions that shouldn't have been so easy to get so wrong. Go on your own or take the half wasted waif. She was wearing denim hotpants with a pink vest top, and was hanging off his arm, more for stability than closeness, so he propped her up against the wall next to the counter and reached inside his coat pocket for his badge. It was definitely his badge, he clearly remembered stealing it two years before whilst in California.
Carroll Shelby|Maybe the bike is more dangerous, but the passion for the car for me is second to the bike.
Martin Farquhar Tupper|Look too on this poor planet of ours,Torn by the storms of mysterious powers,Evil contending with good from its birth,Wrenching in battle the heartstrings of earth,—Ah! what infinities circle us here,Strangeness and wonderment swathing the sphere!
David Suzuki|I believe God wants you to have money to pay your bills, send your kids to college and do charity work and build orphanages. There's the teaching that we're supposed to be poor to show that we're humble. I don't buy that. I think we're supposed to be leaders. We're supposed to excel.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|Man is born to dream, to be enlightened, to connect and to be fulfilled. Managers are too.
Linda Boström Knausgård|The minutes felt as long as years and I couldn't be in the sort of time that didn't move, that instead stood still and all I could think of was being allowed to die, being allowed to cut the thread of time forever.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Mind and man what is in today and make today the solid foundation for tomorrow. Focus on what tomorrow brings ans let yesterday be yesterday. If there are lessons to learn from yesterday, don’t neglect them and don’t be crippled by the negativity of yesterday; Only use them as the best panacea and antidote to the ‘had I knows’ of tomorrow you are yet to meet!
Shahrnush Parsipur, Women Without Men: A Novel of Modern Iran|It's not always a question of you changing your mind. I think very often your mind changes you. You suddenly realise that without having intended to think something, or while intending to think something, you can't quite do it anymore. It doesn't mean the same thing it used to. And you wonder why. And if you want to take an honest exploration of why that is, it may lead you in some alarming but fruitful directions. That's actually why I called this book Hitch-22, because it's a minor-key echo of the great Joe Heller paradox; but in a lifetime that's had quite a lot of commitment in it, and allegiance, I've now reached a point where I'm mainly associated with a group of people who I suppose could be described as adamant for skepticism, or resolve for uncertainty. And this pits us against the people who are completely sure they have all the answers - or modern totalitarians. The ones who have all the information they need, and who indeed have the truth as it's been revealed to them - they're already qualified to tell us what to do. Opposition to that lot is the cause of my life, always has been, in a way, and opposition to all forms of totalitarianism, not just as a system of thought but in the mind.
Terry Pratchett, Nation|Reality so often fails when it comes to small, satisfying details, she thought.
J.G. Ballard|The thing about negotiations, not to mention the manipulation, is you can't go too far in any direction. Refusing once is good, twice is usually okay but a third is risky. You never know when the third person will stop playing and you end up with nothing.
Jon Skovron, Struts & Frets|I tried to look at writing a song almost like solving a mystery. The song was there, buried somewhere in my brain. All I had to do was follow the clues until I figured it out.
Darrell Calkins|…one lives and analyses data within a frame, unaware that the solution is most often just outside of that frame. Never underestimate the depth of your subjectivity.
Steven Wright|Disease, insanity, and death were the angels that attended my cradle, and since then have followed me throughout my life.
Gisele Bundchen|I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.
Neil Gaiman, Free Country: A Tale of The Children's Crusade|One character all messages had in common was vague generality. "Fly away with me," a tussie-mussie might suggest, but never "Meet me at the railway depot at six-thirty.
Megan Chance, The Spiritualist|People forget that old women were young once, but d'you think we old women forget? In my heart, I'm still thirty.
Dave Courtney, Raving Lunacy: Clubbed To Death|[Like they say,] small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it.
Charles de Lint, Dreams Underfoot|In those days I learned that nothing is more frightening than a hero who lives to tell his story, to tell what all those who fell at his side will never be able to tell.
Karen Katchur, The Secrets of Lake Road|There was something about this place that brought out the best and worst in you, pushing you to extremes.
Cornell Woolrich, The Black Angel|When he kissed me, it was like he was reaching for my soul.
Robert Graves|In a culture in which interpersonal relationships are generally considered to provide the answer to every form of distress, it is sometimes difficult to persuade well-meaning helpers that solitude can be as therapeutic as emotional support.
Julius P Lundberg|I believe that Gaston Cleric narrowly missed being a great poet, and I have sometimes thought that his outbursts of imaginative talk were fatal to his poetic gift. He squandered too much in the heat of personal communication. How often have I seen him draw his dark brows together, fix his eyes upon some object on the wall or a figure in the carpet, and then flash into the lamplight the very image that was in his brain.
Hubert Martin|It was a slow fall, through warm experiences and good laughs. It didn't even feel like love until I got to the end. Even then, it was not the hard surface of rock, but the scorching embrace of more.
Marcus Samuelsson|For four to six months at a time, I would barely eat. I lived on a diet of Melba toast, carrots, and black coffee.
Karel Čapek|Just imagine the silence in the world, if people talked only what they knew
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is kashay, they are all considered heaps of parigraha (worldly possessiveness); whether one is living in the Himalayas or in a cave. Where there is absence of kashays, there is absence of possessiveness; even if one is then living in a palace!
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|Do you think I'm pretty?”He regarded me with utter seriousness, like he always did. "I think you're beautiful.”"Beautiful?”"You are so beautiful, it hurts me sometimes.
Ernest Hemingway|What's your name,' Coraline asked the cat. 'Look, I'm Coraline. Okay?''Cats don't have names,' it said.'No?' said Coraline.'No,' said the cat. 'Now you people have names. That's because you don't know who you are. We know who we are, so we don't need names.
Steve Jobs|The world was a tough and unfair place, but even the most hardened soul likes to chew on fruit.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you give others a new chance, a new chance is really being given to you.
Mark         Williams, The Mindful Way through Depression: Freeing Yourself from Chronic Unhappiness|The mind which is created quick to love, is responsive to everything that is pleasing, soon as by pleasure it is awakened into activity. Your apprehensive faculty draws an impression from a real object, and unfolds it within you, so that it makes the mind turn thereto. And if, being turned, it inclines towards it, that inclination is love; that is nature, which through pleasure is bound anew within you.
Marquis de Lafayette|When you make that crossover from life to real life, when you're not treated as a child anymore but as a man, and you are no longer given the benefit of the doubt, it takes some courage to face that.
Madeline Claire Franklin, The Poppet and the Lune|A thing is only as great as the amount a person is willing to risk for it. If you are not willing to risk anything, then the thing mustn't be so great at all.
Susan Sontag, Regarding the Pain of Others|It is felt that there is something morally wrong with the abstract of reality offered by photography; that one has no right to experience the suffering of others at a distance, denuded of its raw power; that we pay too high a human (or moral) price for those hitherto admired qualities of vision - the standing back from the aggressiveness of the world which frees us for observation and for elective attention.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|Everybody's got the potential for great good and great wrong in them, but it's thechoices we make that define who we really are.
Rainer Maria Rilke,|And you, Clara Westhoff, how simply and well you endured, lived through the experience, and made it a forward step in your young existence! So great was your love that it was able to forgive the great dying, and your eye was so sure, even then, that it conceived beauty in all the new colors, feelings, and gestures of the earth, and that all coming to an end seemed for your feeling only a pretext under which Nature wanted to unfold beauties yet unrevealed. Just as the eyes of angels rest on a dying child, delighting in the similar transfiguration of its half-released little face, so without concern you saw in the dying earth the smile and the beauty and the trust in eternity."―from letter to Clara Westhoff Schmargendorf (Sunday, November 18, 1900)
Barbara Kingsolver|I'm definitely a morning person. I wake up dead happy, looking forward to having my cereal!
Sunday Adelaja|Prayer has to be fervent, intensive, passionate and from the heart.
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes: Volume I|Through every turn in life, through every little twist of fate, there is an opportunity to take a step back, find and reinvent yourself, and come back a bigger, stronger, better you.
Pope Paul VI|When are boots in the ground no longer going to have to even be people, and is that right? When does it become 'Star Wars?' When is enough enough? When do we put this time and energy into eliminating war or reasons for war instead of creating new technology to make war easier for us?
Azzah A.R., Nota Perempuan Backpacker|Kita selalu jumpa orang baik-baik sewaktu mengembara, bukan sebab nasib kita baik. Tapi sebab Tuhan kasihan.
Harlan Coben, Promise Me|Myron lay sprawled next to a knee-knockingly gorgeous brunette clad only in a Class-B-felony bikini, a tropical drink sans umbrella in one hand, the aqua clear Caribbean water lapping at his feet, the sand a dazzling white powder, the sky a pure blue that could only be God's blank canvas, the sun a soothing and rich as a Swedish masseur with a snifter of cognac, and he was intensely miserable.
Tod Wodicka, All Shall Be Well; And All Shall Be Well; And All Manner of Things Shall Be Well|As soon as he was gone, we opened, "Baucis and Philemon." An elderly couple living in a cottage, they're granted a wish by Jove. They confer in private before Philemon asks, "May one hour take us both away; let neither outlive the other." The wish is granted. I said, "Simultaneous deaths? Why didn't they wish for eternal happiness instead? What else would anyone wish for?" "They did wish for that," answered Jamie.
Lierre Keith, Deep Green Resistance: Strategy to Save the Planet|The violence of hierarchy is the violence that the powerful use against the dispossessed to keep them subordinated. As an example, the violence committed for wealth is socially invisible or committed at enough of a distance that its beneficiaries don't have to be aware of it. This type of violence has defined every imperialist war in the history of the US that has been fought to get access to "natural resources" for corporations to turn into the cheap consumer goods that form the basis of the American way of life.
Dylan Moran|People will kill you. Over time. They will shave out every last morsel of fun in you with little, harmless sounding phrases that people uses every day, like: 'Be realis
Sofi Benitez, Dog Daze|It is brave to believe that you are a unique, precious young lady no matter what your feelings might be saying.
Tarun J. Tejpal, The Story Of My Assassins|Where are the coconut trees bowing allegiance to the wind, the wide open spaces, the verdant green fields?
Meredith Ann Pierce, The Darkangel|THE MOON was but a chin of gold	A night or two ago,	And now she turns her perfect face	Upon the world below.	Her forehead is of amplest blond;	 Her cheek like beryl stone;	Her eye unto the summer dew	The likest I have known.	Her lips of amber never part;	But what must be the smileUpon her friend she could bestow	Were such her silver will!	And what a privilege to be	But the remotest star!	For certainly her way might pass	 Beside your twinkling door.	Her bonnet is the firmament,	The universe her shoe,	The stars the trinkets at her belt,	Her dimities of blue.
Roy T. Bennett|If you don’t give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|On the morning of Wednesday 13 March 1996, Thomas West Hamilton shattered the peaceful country town of Dunblane, Stirlingshire, with a fusillade of gunfire that reverberated round the world.
|To be able to stand out and be respected by many, you have to be positively unique and full of substance.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|A bullet only costs about two cents, and anybody can afford that.
Siobhan Davis, True Calling|My romantic history since arriving on Novo has been non-existent, but I don't know what, if anything, came before; thanks to the government's cerebral pilfering.
Alan Bleasdale|We live in the age of the refugee, the age of the exile.
Mark Twain, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court|My old man says when it's time to be counted, the important thing is to be man enough to stand up.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|I should have been the King of Earth, or at least that's what my memory tells me...
Steven Weinberg, The First Three Minutes: A Modern View Of The Origin Of The Universe|While twentieth-century physicists were not able to identify any convincing mathematical constants underlying the fine structure, partly because such thinking has normally not been encouraged, a revolutionary suggestion was recently made by the Czech physicist Raji Heyrovska, who deduced that the fine structure constant, ...really is defined by the [golden] ratio ....
H. P. Lovecraft|It is often my nature to be abstract, hidden in plain sight, or nowhere at all.
Rabindranath Tagore|When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
C. Terry Warner|The diversity of our connections outside our particular tribe is directly proportionate to our ability to listen, learn and love.
Gabriel Aluisy, Moving Targets: Creating Engaging Brands in an On-Demand World|Be realistic, Aiden, I told myself. You know your value to the penny and it's measured in inches, time, age, stamina, looks, and being able to put up with gross and sometimes bizarre situations. Personality was far down on a much longer list, and even farther down came intelligence. You should have insisted on having sex.
Ratish Edwards|I never knew this, but today i know how it feels when you try to hold on to some situation, some feelings, some people , in fact everything because you couldn't not be better without those things , people or feelings. But you can't because the more you try to hold them the more quickly they slip away from your hands. And the only choices you have is to either let them go slowly or to enjoy the rest of it i.e; nothing. And people say life goes on.
Robert Klein|You feel like you need to deal with a lot if you're from Cleveland, so you learn to let things roll off your back, and you learn that humor is the best way to deal with it.
Luis von Ahn|People are good at figuring out what's attractive, and computers are good at quickly searching and finding. You put them together, and bang!
Robert Clark|I will now sing another song for your pleasure. Now, if you like Phil Collins...you should be shot in the head.
Fede Alvarez|'24' is a pretty serious show - there isn't a lot of improv that is happening. Having said that, I do play around with the delivery. A lot of the humor comes from playing a character who is very furious and really up in her own brain and in a serious situation. That is humorous to me.
Rick Derringer|If you take the contempt some Americans have for yuppies and multiply it by 10 you might come close to understanding their attitude towards the City, as they call it - London, the people of the south.
Jennifer Loren, The Devil's Eyes|I'm Exie and despite what you may hear I am the best dancer here. No one else compares. So, don't even think you're going to come in here and take my time slots.With a slight smile,' Well, if you're that good then you shouldn't have to worry about it, should you' I said. Exie's bright smile forms smoothly across her face, 'I like you...
Compton Gage|How, and when shall these things come to pass? wherefore are our years few and evil?
A Fine Frenzy|And now, as I'm lying alone in my own bed, I keep thinking about writhing against him last night, naked and vulnerable. Even after we'd both risen and fallen, peaked and plummeted, even after Marcus was physically shrinking from inside me, I couldn't stop clutching, crying, trying. Trying to pull him deeper, deeper, deeper within.Trying to make him more a part of me than I am myself.
Carl William Brown, L'Italia in breve.|Follow your heart, not the law.
Adrián Lamo|Socrates: Yes mercy and grace are all linked with Love. Let your tears of gratitude wash away the dark dirt of ignorance obscuring your own dear Self which is Love.Charmides: So Love has nothing to do with lust then?Socrates: No! Lust is from the selfish false sense of a ‘me’ desperate for some pleasurable, momentary relief from its anguish and boredom. Love is refined, and her amorous advances are from the spirit, not the body.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|At one time I was weary of verse writing, and wanted to give it up. At another time I was determined to be a poet until I could establish a proud name over others. The alternatives battled in my mind and made my life restless.
Ellie Goulding|It's so sad, actually, how teachers and parents tell their kids, 'You're never gonna be anything.'
Daniel Waterman|As Ernest Becker observes in The Denial of Death, the very thought of disobeying authority appears to awaken the anxiety connected with the possible loss, during infancy, of parental love, respect or support. The unexamined beliefs and experiences that generate our reliance on, and deference to authority, seem rooted in a profound existential uncertainty: the patient looks to the doctor to relieve this uncertainty, not only about not feeling well and not knowing why, but also about not knowing what to do, what action to undertake. In other words, the expertise of the physician relieves the patient of some of the burden of responsibility.
Judy Byington, Twenty-Two Faces|That pistol I gave you is a piece of crap. You can’t hit anything with it, not at that distance.”Staring at her with tears in his blinking eyes, he says, “I did.”Conversation between Alis K and WillyThe Informer
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|It seems to be almost a law of human nature that it is easier for people to agree on a negative programme, on the hatred of an enemy, on the envy of those better off, than on any positive task. The contrast between the "we" and the "they", the common fight against those outside the group, seems to be an essential ingredient in any creed which will solidly knit together a group for common action. It is consequently always employed by those who seek, not merely support of a policy, but the unreserved allegiance of huge masses. From their point of view it has the great advantage of leaving them greater freedom of action than almost any positive programme.
Delano Johnson, Words That Changed the World|I don't like the way people cherish the ghetto, as if it’s some royal palace, or kingdom. I also don't like the way people treat each other in the ghetto. It is really hard to find love, trust, and respect. You don't find too many people that want to do better for themselves in the ghetto because so many people seem to be satisfied with where they're at.
