Danica McKellar|I think that in any language when you have a real relationship, and there is love and respect between people, infidelity is always something difficult to accept - whether you are Chinese, British, French. I think that is a universal concept... or problem.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, On Power|Command is a mountaintop. The air breathed there is different, and the perspectives seen there are different, from those of the valley of obedience. The passion for order and the genius for construction, which are part of man's natural endowment, get full play there. The man who has grown great sees from the top of his tower what he can make, if he so wills, of the swarming masses below him.
Tim Berners-Lee|I think to a certain extent in Bosnia and among the Hutus in Rwanda and also among the Tutsis in Rwanda who then took revenge on the Hutus, there is a sense of being swept up and a sense that the society in which they live has gone mad.
Todd Garlington|Once people said: Give me liberty or give me death. Now they say: Make me a slave, just pay me enough.
Mark F. LaMoure|Be self-responsible. Be less dependent on other people. Aim at being the most responsible person you can be. Read about great, successful leaders. Learn to think great thoughts and work to be an excellent person.
Debasish Mridha|Your future will be determined not by your education or bank account, but by your optimism and attitude.
Fulton Sheen|People never fully confront their wrongdoing. They are all trying to push for their own ends, and they lack the strength to truly apologise for that. In my heart of hearts, I wondered if I was just the same.
Sarah Darer Littman, Want to Go Private?|If you cannot be yourself in a relationship, you no longer have one.
Tyrone Jaeger|I often observe the absurdity of dreams, but never dream of the absurdity of my waking thoughts.
Jerome Lawrence, Inherit the Wind|If you are not willing to give a less experienced qualified professional a chance, don't complain you are charged double for a job worth half.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|My brother taught me that there is a difference between being a hater and being ignorant. Being a hater implies you understand the principle in question, while being ignorant implies that you do not understand the principle in question, and therefore, have no right to critique.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Use your now well now! There is always another day to change something, but all the days we may meet may never be the same. Use your now well now!
Michel Hazanavicius|I think you really have to remember what you loved about making music in the first place. Ultimately, people can be like, 'We've seen this dude in many movies,' but if they hear a song and they're feeling it, they can look past all the personal things and not hold it against you that you're also an actor.
Dan Abnett, Prospero Burns|I maintain that cultural sensitivity should be replaced by cultural awareness. Awareness implies research, consideration, thought, and judiciousness....Sensitivity denies equal access to language. It segregates and censors based on the background of the writer rather than the content of the story. No society can embrace cultural sensitivity and retain full capacity for freedom of speech.
Paul Kline, Psychology Exposed, Or, the Emperor's New Clothes|Psychotherapy and counselling should make people aware of themselves and of the difficulties which they face. This then gives them the freedom to choose for themselves. In this sense, unlike behaviour therapy, psychotherapy is value-free: no advice, suggestions or recriminations are given. Indeed the only value of psychotherapy is respect for the individual. Such respect, however, in a mechanistic and objectifying society ... becomes a political act.
Michael Keaton|My son is trying to be a sports writer, and my daughter is a college student. She wants to be a comedy writer, and she's at film school. I discouraged both of them early on from getting involved in Starbucks. I didn't think it would be fair; plus, they didn't have any interest anyway.
Lenny Bruce|The message was clear for baby boomers everywhere: Kurt Cobain was not merely some rock 'n' roll icon who couldn't handle drugs. In ways that were important to recognize, he was every parent's child.
Roy T. Bennett|When you open your mind, you open new doors to new possibilities for yourself and new opportunities to help others.
Pain Pus and Poison|One day you'll notice something different and if you take advantage of that moment, you will be what you exactly needed to be.
Maggie Georgiana Young, Just Another Number|The gentlemanly Number 23 would have never made such a crude statement to a lady. But I was not a lady. Sure, I was intelligent and strong, but I dared to be wide open. I was Maggie Young, chaser of boys, writer of scandal, dropper of f-bombs, tits on a stick.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|We only have one life to live, and must go on with it to the end, that if we feel it is meaningless, then we ourselves must give it meaning.
Robin Williams|I love to swim. When I jump in the water, I feel like I'm 12 years old again. It's really funny how it does that to me.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|No matter how much he’d done to me, my heart could not be done with him.
Jamie Vardy|My grandson sees me as Lois on TV every Christmas, and that scores me points.
Nick Cave|Colleagues are a wonderful thing - but mentors, that's where the real work gets done.
Martin Freeman|The world is a bell curve. Classroom test scores, employee performance in a company or how many people really, really like you. No matter the population you're studying, they always fit neatly across the standard deviations of the famous bell curve.
Ludwig von Mises|The worship of the state is the worship of force. There is no more dangerous menace to civilization than a government of incompetent, corrupt, or vile men. The worst evils which mankind ever had to endure were inﬂicted by bad governments. The state can be and has often been in the course of history the main source of mischief and disaster.
Phil Hine, Rebels and Devils: The Psychology of Liberation|The system loves resistance. Resistance is often creative and it feeds on creativity until the subversive becomes just another pre-packaged lifestyle on special offer. So Cease to Resist. Relax and enjoy the PandaemonAeon. Believe everything and anything. Seek not proof, but take pleasure in your choice of belief. Wipe that superior sneer of your face and try smiling (if only inwardly) at the people/institutions/beliefs that you've waged your personal war against. Wouldn't it be more fun if you didn't run around quite so hard trying to be an individual, or fighting to prove or uphold your chosen belief-system?
John F. Kennedy|Number one, like yourself. Number two, you have to eat healthy. And number three, you've got to squeeze your buns. That's my formula.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I did dream of it, chiefly because 'all things are lawful.' That was quite right what you taught me, for you talked a lot to me about that. For if there's no everlasting God, there's no such thing as virtue, and there's no need of it.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Between the approximation of the idea and the precision of reality there was a small gap of the unimaginable, and it was this hiatus that gave him no rest.
Peter St. John, Gang Loyalty|I'm [Paul O'Neill] an old guy, and I'm rich. And there's nothing they can do to hurt me.
Claire Scovell LaZebnik|The name 'Wiz' comes from me being the youngest dude in my age group of people that I hung out with. I was pretty good at anything I tried to do, so they would call me a young wiz.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|He felt like normal. Filled with anxiety, dread, sure. But even that wasn't unusual...
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Thanks for not trying to see me when I looked like hell.”“To be fair, you still look pretty bad.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The cross is the suffering love of God bearing the guilt of man’s sin, which alone is able to melt the sinner’s heart and bring him to repentance for salvation. “For he hath made him to be sin for us” [2 Corinthians 5:21 KJV].
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|No mountain is too high, but so many people can't climb even a hill. There is always a way to the top, but so many people can't even get the mid and many miss the way. Life is real and the journey of life comes with rules. Mind the real and distinctive rules that lead to success and you shall get to the very peak of the mountain of success surmounting all barriers, challenges and puzzles along the journey to success with a great degree of ease!
S.K.N. Hammerstone, The Rift|We're in high school. If it didn't come from the school cafeteria, we like it.
Georgia Clark, Parched|I,” he said, a faint note of derision in his voice, “am the least favored scion of our ruling house, House Mara Sant.” He was from Brontes, then. Which might explain the eyes…she thought again of certain differences, and suppressed a shudder. “I am a Prince of the Blood,” he continued, sounding both embittered and proud, “third in line for the Dragon Throne, and grand nephew to the Emperor. Owing to a…political dispute, I am now also an exile. Presented with a choice between resigning my commission in the na-vy and leaving to become governor of a mining planet and staying to face my uncle’s as-sassins….” He shrugged slightly, as if the choice were of no consequence.“A…political dispute?”“I gambled,” he said bluntly. “I lost.”“You seem…sanguine,” she remarked, surprise blunting the instinct to guard her tongue.“He shouldn’t have let me live.” That anyone could discuss their own murder with such cold calculation horrified her. He horrified her. She chewed her lip, digesting all that he’d told her: not merely a naval officer, but a prince—and a maverick one at that. She wondered what he could have done.“So you see,” he finished, “I’m no more free than you.” He laughed, then, but without humor. “We can be prisoners together. I am en route to a wretched planet called Tarsonis to assume governorship and as you have no other, more pressing engagement, you are coming with me.
Erma Bombeck|If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
Deyth Banger|Great leaders think beyond yesterday, deal with the issues of today and focus on addressing the problems of tomorrow.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|If thou wilt make a man happy, add not unto his riches but take away from his desires.
Terence McKenna|Two hundred years from now people will find out how we have been influenced by our culture in ways we have yet to recognize and they'll wonder, "How can those people claim to be Christians who lived back there in 2009?". There will be things people will find out about us that we are too blind to see right now.
Melvyn Bragg|I meet people who are in movies, and the stuff that they write is terrible, but nobody tells them that because they're famous. So I worry that my stuff might be like that, too.
Michael Morpurgo|Diplomacy, n. is the art of letting somebody else have your way.
Michael J. Fox|Be optimistic like a flower. A flower never loses her optimism, and will bloom with all of her beauty despite tremendous adversity.
Kahlil Gibran|When a man is pushed, tormented, defeated, he has a chance to learn something.
J.R.R. Tolkien|I’d thought there’d be no winter in the desert, but winter arrived anyway—silently, suddenly.
Arzum Uzun|Sex is a thing, love is everything.
Pascal Boyer, Religion Explained: The Evolutionary Origins of Religious Thought|Girl, we need to get you on a study program, fast. You're not going to last a week around here if you can't keep up with the pop culture references. How about Lord of the Rings? Firefly? Doctor Horrible? No? Clearly we have a lot of work to do.
Penny Reid|Time is a structured perception of human brain on natural events. Eternity ain't based on the human perception, but on perpetual cycle.
K.F. Breene, Raised in Fire|I’m not leaving, if that’s what you’re worried about.”“You’re...not?”“It seems you wanted me here. I can’t go back when you need me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I have no regrets. I believe in God, who controls every sacred-event.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I was so much more powerful than anyone knew. I was an animal learning to fight back, instinctively, fiercely. I was a brave girl. I was a fit fox.I realized that the most empowering important thing was actually simply taking care of myself.
James J. Kilpatrick|Five common traits of good writers: (1) They have something to say. (2) They read widely and have done so since childhood. (3) They possess what Isaac Asimov calls a "capacity for clear thought," able to go from point to point in an orderly sequence, an A to Z approach. (4) They're geniuses at putting their emotions into words. (5) They possess an insatiable curiosity, constantly asking Why and How.
Eve Arnold|Friendship is a difficult, dangerous job. It is also (though we rarely admit it) extremely exhausting.
Mary Kay Blakely|We do not need to be shoemakers to know if our shoes fit, and just as little have we any need to be professionals to acquire knowledge of matters of universal interest.
Mina Loy, The Lost Lunar Baedeker: Poems of Mina Loy|There is no Space or TimeOnly intensity, And tame thingsHave no immensity
Donella H. Meadows, Thinking in Systems: A Primer|OURSOCIETY ISCONTROLLED BY LAWYERSAND FINANCIERS"PROBLEMMAKERS WE NEED TO EVOMETO A SOCIETY LEAD BYCREATORS, ENGINEERS, SCIENTISTS PROBLEMSOLVERS. SURELY WE WILLHAVE MORE INGENUITYCOOPERATION ANDPEACE
Shelley Hendrix, Why Can't We Just Get Along?: 6 Effective Skills for Dealing with Difficult People|You get caught in being something, being cool or special or whatever, to the point where you don’t even know why you need it; you just think you do
Charles Baudelaire|Tell me, enigmatical man, whom do you love best, your father,Your mother, your sister, or your brother?I have neither father, nor mother, nor sister, nor brother.Your friends?Now you use a word whose meaning I have never known.Your country?I do not know in what latitude it lies.Beauty?I could indeed love her, Goddess and Immortal.Gold?I hate it as you hate God.Then, what do you love, extraordinary stranger?I love the clouds the clouds that pass up thereUp there the wonderful clouds!
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Many creative minds, just like many light bulbs, lit up simultaneously, could lead to brainstorming and breakthrough innovation.
Minor White|When you approach something to photograph it, first be still with yourself until the object of your attention affirms your presence. Then don't leave until you have captured its essence.
Peter O' Toole|O Karma, Dharma, pudding and pieO Karma, Dharma, pudding and pie,gimme a break before I die:grant me wisdom, will, & wit,purity, probity, pluck, & grit.Trustworthy, loyal, helpful, kind,gimme great abs & a steel-trap mind,and forgive, Ye Gods, some humble advice—these little blessings would sufficeto beget an earthly paradise:make the bad people good—and the good people nice;and before our world goes over the brink,teach the believers how to think.
L.A. Casey, Ryder|Can dragons fly?"The apparent change of subject didn't seem to startle the Mage. "No. Not at all. They do not have wings, ... "If you want a flying spell creature, you need a Roc.""A what?""A Roc. It is a giant bird," Alain explained. Mari shook her head. "A giant bird. I'm crazy to be listening to this, you know that?""I have thought…” He fumbled for words, for a moment looking just like any other seventeen-year-old young man. Was that actually embarrassment showing? “You might…be interested…someday….in flying…on a Roc. I mean…with me.”  “Are you asking me on a date?” Mari tried desperately not to laugh at his discomfort. “A date on a giant bird?” “Um…I do not know…just something to do…together. That is not dangerous,” Alain added hastily.  “Doing something together, that isn’t dangerous?” Mari asked. “That would be a change of pace for us, wouldn’t it? … "Have you ever gone…flying…with a girl before?”  Was he blushing? Just the faintest hint of it, but—stars above. She had made a Mage blush.  “No,” Alain said.
Robert A. Heinlein, Between Planets|No matter that patriotism is too often the refuge of scoundrels. Dissent, rebellion, and all-around hell-raising remain the true duty of patriots.
Kamand Kojouri|Maybe when we face a tragedy, someone, somewhere is preventing a bigger tragedy from happening.
Fatima Bhutto, The Shadow of the Crescent Moon|But show me just this one thing, my darling, i seek a heart stained like a poppy flower.
Billy Collins|Poetry is the lifeblood of rebellion, revolution, and the raising of consciousness.
Okey Ndibe, Never Look an American in the Eye: A Memoir of Flying Turtles, Colonial Ghosts, and the Making of a Nigerian American|The moods he's shown me have all been vastly different...as different as summer and winter, sometimes with fall between them.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|Most aspects of my training didn’t agree with me. There wasn’t as much bossing around as I’d hoped for, and there was way too much following orders.
Lee  Goff|Sometimes the door closes on a relationship, not because we failed but because something bigger than us says this no longer fits our life. So, lock the door, shed a tear, turn around and look for the new door that's opened. It's a sign that you're no longer that person you were, it's time to change into who you are. It's going to be okay.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|There is nothing to prove to anyone, just concentrate on your own needs.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Mandarins|Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow,Creeps in this petty pace from day to day,To the last syllable of recorded time;And all our yesterdays have lighted foolsThe way to dusty death.- Macbeth Act V, Scene V
Dr. Seuss|It has often been saidthere’s so much to be read,you never can cramall those words in your head.So the writer who breedsmore words than he needsis making a chorefor the reader who reads.That's why my belief isthe briefer the brief is,the greater the sighof the reader's relief is.And that's why your bookshave such power and strength.You publish with shorth!(Shorth is better than length.)
Abhita Jain|How many secrets you can save?How many tears you can endure?How many fakes smiles can give?When all you want is tell the truth,shed all tears savedand stop giving false smiles.
Donna Lynn Hope|If they don't walk away, we have to walk away, and sometimes we do it crying.
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|You shall find dear, that the world is full of two-faced people and phonies.'.. And Uruvi was to discover a cruelly superficial world, which she had failed to recognize.
Albert Camus|Human relationships always help us to carry on because they always presuppose further developments, a future - and also because we live as if our only task was precisely to have relationships with other people.
William Green|Every act of conscious learning requires the willingness to suffer an injury to one's self-esteem. That is why young children, before they are aware of their own self-importance, learn so easily.
Ann Patchett|Hope is a horrible thing, you know. It's a plague. It's like walking around with a fishhook in your mouth and someone just keep pulling it and pulling it."STATE OF WONDER
Pierre Bourdieu|Genetic engineering is a result of science advancement, so I don't think that in itself is bad. If used wisely, genetics can be beneficial, but they can be abused, too.
Alison Lurie, The Last Resort|Though most tourists accepted the occasional comic misadventure, it was important to them that overall their vacation should be pleasant. When you spend money on a holiday you are essentially purchasing happiness: if you don't enjoy yourself you will feel defrauded.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Like dust brushed from an old painting, as we journey beneath the surface layers of life, another landscape is revealed.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Christ knew that by bread alone you cannot reanimate man. If there were no spiritual life, no ideal of Beauty, man would pine away, die, go mad, kill himself or give himself to pagan fantasies. And as Christ, the ideal of Beauty in Himself and his Word, he decided it was better to implant the ideal of Beauty in the soul. If it exists in the soul, each would be the brother of everyone else and then, of course, working for each other, all would also be rich. Whereas if you give them bread, they might become enemies to each other out of boredom.
Toni Sorenson|Meaning is often found embedded in the silent moments of our lives when we can hear and see what matters most, the things audible and visible only to the spirit.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Restrictionism, however, demands positive sacrifices from the national exchequer when it is carried out by the withdrawal of notes from circulation (say through the issue of interest-bearing bonds or through taxation) and their cancellation.The unpopularity of restrictionism has other causes as well. Attempts to raise the objective exchange-value of money, in the circumstances that have existed, have necessarily been limited either to single States or to a few States and at the best have had only a very small prospect of simultaneous realization throughout the whole world. Now as soon as a single country or a few countries go over to a money with a rising purchasing power, while the other countries retain a money with a falling or stationary exchange-value, or one which although it may be rising in value is not rising to the same extent, then, as has been demonstrated above, the conditions of international trade are modified. In the country whose money is rising in value, exportation becomes more difficult and importation easier.
Auguste Comte|When I die, I'm leaving my body to science fiction.
Henry A. Giroux, America at War with Itself: Authoritarian Politics in a Free Society|Americans need to continue to develop broad-based movements that reject the established political parties and rethink the social formations necessary to bring about a radical democracy. We see this in the Black Lives Matter movement as well as in a range of other movements that are resisting corporate money in politics, the widespread destruction of the environment, nuclear war and the mass incarceration state.
Andrena Sawyer|Misery loves company. For the sake of your sanity, avoid entertaining her.
John McWhorter, Language Interrupted: Signs of Non-Native Acquisition in Standard Language Grammars|Most errors consist only in our not rightly applying names to things. For when someone says that the lines which are drawn from the center of a circle to its circumference are unequal, he surely understands (then at least) by a circle something different from what mathematicians understand. Similarly, when men err in calculating they have certain numbers in their mind and different ones on the paper. So if you consider what they have in mind, they really do not err, though they seem to err because we think they have in their mind the numbers which are on the paper. If this were not so, we would not believe that they were erring, just as I did not believe that he was erring whom I recently heard cry out that his courtyard had flown into his neighbor's hen, because what he had in mind seemed sufficiently clear to me.And most controversies have arisen from this, that men do not rightly explain their own mind, or interpret the mind of the other man badly. For really, when they contradict one another most vehemently, they either have the same thoughts, or they are thinking of different things, so that what they think are errors and absurdities in the other are not.
Lia Davis|The slam of a car door drew her attention to a new arrival. Maxville Deputy Sheriff Zach Manus emerged from his unmarked 2011 Camaro and stalked toward them. Deep sorrow and anger laced across his handsome features. His light-brown hair stood a little more on end than normal. He stopped in front of them, his frown deepening and his golden-brown eyes darkening.
Mirriam Neal, Monster|He created the way out, and He leads us to the way out, but it certainly isn't easy.
Tiffany Reisz, The Gift|But I wasn't done," she pouted, no longer hungry for anything but him. "Yes, you were.""Yes, sir.""Lay down on your back.""Very yes, sir.
Stephen Richards|Don’t dare to dream big, just dream BIG!
Lailah Gifty Akita|The beauty in the heart is the beauty of body, soul and spirit.
Martha Reeves|Every time I think I know what's right and wrong, I end up being wrong. All I want to do is explore. I want to see what people would do. I say, 'What would this person do in this situation?' and I write it down. I'm not writing manifestos of my political views.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|In your occupations, try to possess your soul in peace. It is not a good plan to be in haste to perform any action that it may be the sooner over. On the contrary, you should accustom yourself to do whatever you have to do with tranquillity, in order that you may retain the possession of yourself and of settled peace.
Eileen Anglin|David Bowie was my creative northstar, a muse, an inspiration to me from the age of 8. He was a special soul on a mission, and the mission is now complete. I know he is truly home now among the stars.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|It wasn't easy to understand how the love between two other people could diminish you. If those two people were still accessible to you, if they called you all the time, if they asked you to come into the city for the weekend as you'd always done, then why should you feel, suddenly, intensely lonely?
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|I'm pretty sure those're my balls you've found,” I said to the man searching my pants. “You gonna count 'em out now? Because I'll save you the trouble. There's two.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|First you must believe there is a soul.... If by a soul one means the creature who lives within each of us, a creature born loving, born joyful, but who with each worldly blow shrinks more deeply into its shell until at last, the poor desiccated thing is unrecognizable even to its own self, yes. I do.
Brigham Young|He who takes offense when no offense is intended is a fool, and he who takes offense when offense is intended is a greater fool.
Keith Johnstone, Impro|To be shaken out of the ruts of ordinary perception, to be shown for a few timeless hours the outer and inner world, not as they appear to an animal obsessed with survival or to a human being obsessed with words and notions, but as they are apprehended directly and unconditionally by Mind at Large-- this is an experience of inestimable value to everyone and especially to the intellectual.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I see marriage as an operation that sews two people together, and divorce is a kind of amputation that can take a long time to heal. The longer you were married, or the rougher the amputation, the harder it is to recover.
Jessica    Thompson|My feelings for Drew couldn't just disappear. They were ingrained within every fiber of my being, and I needed them just the same as I needed air to breathe.
Válgame, Zori 1ª Parte|Jesus soon is coming,and Christmas too,Good reason for being happy, Helping people to do.
Albina Hume|Live your dreams, not your fears! A.Hume
Marty Engel|Stripped of its arrogance, its desire to make off with half of the patrimony and never be seen again, history belongs at the family table. If theology, the older brother, pretends not to need or notice him it will be a sign that he has forgotten, after all, who his father is.
Wendy Owens, Sacred Bloodlines|I don't know who you are; you could be an axe murderer for all I know. How am I supposed to trust you and follow you? For that matter, follow you where?" Gabe inquired."Search yourself, what do your instincts tell you?" Uri asked."That you're a crazy nut job and freaking me out!" Gabe snapped back.
Micheal Punke|He was the oldest. When we left Kentucky, our folks told him to look after me. Didn't say a word to me. Wouldn't have occurred to them.
Ken  Wheaton, Sweet as Cane, Salty as Tears|I climbed aboard a Greyhound bus and rode it to New York without telling anyone, without so much as a goodbye. What was I thinking? I wasn’t. I was young and stupid and broken. I knew from watching movies that broken people hopped on buses and disappeared. New York seemed far away, geographically, mentally.
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|Hitherto, the rights and wrongs had seemed so beautifully simple.
José Ortega y Gasset|We cannot put off living until we are ready. The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness: it is always urgent, ‘here and now,’ without any postponement. Life is fired at us point-blank.
Keren David, This is Not a Love Story|If you could know going in that twenty-five years of love would break you in the end, would you risk it? Because isn’t it inevitable? When you make such a large withdrawal of happiness, somewhere you’ll have to make an equally large deposit. It all goes back to the universal law of equilibrium.
Anna Broadway, Sexless in the City: A Memoir of Reluctant Chastity|What to one person is common courtesy is to another tender words of life - and by the same token, what one person intends to show as great affection may be to his beloved an irrelevant show of frivolousness compared to the kindness of simply doing the laundry sometimes.
Sriveena Dhagavkar|Indeed, she had the whole of the other sex under her protection; for reasons she could not explain, for their chivalry and valour, for the fact that they negotiated treaties, ruled India, controlled finance; finally for an attitude towards herself which no woman could fail to feel or to find agreeable, something trustful, childlike, reverential; which an old woman could take from a young man without loss of dignity, and woe betide the girl––pray Heaven it was none of her daughters!––who did not feel the worth of it, and all that it implied, to the marrow of her bones!
Balroop Singh|A while ago, I wished upon a shooting star that one day I’d find someone to love…and now holding you in my arms makes me realize that wishes really do come true,
Karen Lord|To paraphrase Muggeridge: Everything is a parable that God is speaking to us, the art of life is to get the message.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I can always call on God, in time, in where.
Jean-François Lyotard, The Postmodern Condition: A Report on Knowledge|A new problem appears: devices that optimize the performance of the human body for the purpose of producing proof require additional expenditures. No money, no proof - and that means no verification of statements and no truth. The games of scientific language become the games of the rich, in which whoever is the wealthiest has the best chance of being right. An equation between wealth, efficiency, and truth is thus established.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|It comes and goes. People think if you're sick you become fearless and brave, but you don't. Most of the time it's like being stalked by a psycho, like I might get shot any second. But sometimes I forget for hours.''What makes you forget?''People. Doing stuff. When I was with you in the wood, I forgot for a whole afternoon.
Haruki Murakami|Washingtonians love the "So-and-so is spinning in his grave" cliché. Someone is always speculating about how some great dead American would be scandalized over some crime against How It Used to Be. The Founding Fathers are always spinning in their graves over something, as is Ronald Reagan, or FDR. Edward R. Murrow is a perennial grave spinner in the news business (though in fact, Murrow was cremated).
Sneha Agarwal|Dualism will shatter, facade will fade; When thee truly want to know thyself,Truth shall not evade.
Diana Peterfreund, For Darkness Shows the Stars|I put back my head, looking up at the deep black sky swimming with hot stars. If you knew they were really balls of flaming gas, you could imagine them as Van Gogh saw them, without difficulty . . . and looking into that illuminated void, you understood why people have always looked up into the sky when talking to God. You need to feel the immensity of something very much bigger than yourself, and there it is - immeasurably vast, and always near at hand. Covering you.
Jacquelyn Jablonski|I was always with a single mom, and we never had schedules or anything. We were just Bohemian, us against the world, which was kind of great, but it certainly didn't breed security. I've gotten hyper-sensitive to schedules and bath time and eating at the dinner table. We don't just 'Bohemian' go out at nine o'clock and go get Chinese food.
Andrea Pomelli|Feet on the ground, head in the clouds. That's how giants walk.
Helen Macdonald, H is for Hawk|The archaeology of grief is not ordered. It is more like earth under a spade, turning up things you had forgotten. Surprising things come to light: not simply memories, but states of mind, emotions, older ways of seeing the world.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|He was taking a leap here, negotiating with a crackhead, under the table, in a dark cantina. The courage etched on his face came from loving Aidia so much he’d close his eyes and walk through fire to see her safe.
Alan Rickman|I know I have a pretty good sense for music, but she was better than me. I used to think it was such a waste! I thought, ‘If only she had started out with a good teacher and gotten the proper training, she’d be so much further along!’ But I was wrong about that. She was not the kind of child who could stand proper training. There just happen to be people like that. They’re blessed with this marvelous talent, but they can’t make the effort to systematize it. They end up squandering it in little bits and pieces. I’ve seen my share of people like that. At first you think they’re amazing. Like, they can sight-read some terrifically difficult piece and do a damn good job playing it all the way through. You see them do it, and you’re overwhelmed. you think, ‘I could never do that in a million years.’ But that’s as far as they go. They can’t take it any further. And why not? Because they won’t put in the effort. Because they haven’t had the discipline pounded into them. They’ve been spoiled. They have just enough talent so they’ve been able to play things well without any effort and they’ve had people telling them how great they are from the time they’re little, so hard work looks stupid to them. They’ll take some piece another kid has to work on for three weeks and polish it off in half the time, so the teacher figures they’ve put enough into it and lets them go to the next thing. And they do that in half the time and go on to the next piece. They never find out what it means to be hammered by the teacher; they lose out on a certain element required or character building. It’s a tragedy.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Once you know this kind of love, you will never question love again. You’ll know it when you see it. You’ll know it when you feel it. You will never be confused by something that is something else.
William Shakespeare|I quickly learned, however, that a university education is not a prerequisite to reading Shakespeare. After all, his original audience was not college-educated. Neither was he.
Edwidge Danticat, Create Dangerously: The Immigrant Artist at Work|I understand that in our work - doesn't matter whether it's acting or writing - what's important isn't fame or glamour, none of the things I used to dream about, it's the ability to endure.
Robert A. Caro, The Passage of Power|You know,' Russell said, 'we could have beaten John Kennedy on civil rights, but not Lyndon Johnson.' There was a pause. A man was perhaps contemplating the end of a way of life he cherished. He was perhaps contemplating the fact that he had played a large role - perhaps the largest role - in raising to power the man who was going to end that way of life. But when, a moment later, Richard Russell spoke again, it was only to repeat the remark. 'We could have beaten Kennedy on civil rights, but we can't Lyndon.
David D. Flowers|It is most important for the practice of the Christian ministry, especially in its missionary activities toward those both within and without the Christian culture, to consider pagans, humanists, and Jews as members of the latent Spiritual Community and not as complete strangers who are invited into the Spiritual Community from outside. This insight serves as a powerful weapon against ecclesiastical and hierarchical arrogance.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|We must remember each day we wake up that, there is something best to think about always than the better things we think about always
Lawrence Durrell, Esprit de Corps: Sketches from Diplomatic Life|Bessie was News, Leaders, and Gossip; Enid was Features, Make-up and general Sub. Whenever they were at a loss for copy they would mercilessly pillage ancient copies of Punch or Home Chat. An occasional hole in the copy was filled with a ghoulish smudge - local block-making had clearly indicated that somewhere a poker-work fanatic had gone quietly out of his mind. In this way the Central Balkan Herald was made up every morning and then delivered to the composition room where the chain-gang quickly reduced it to gibberish. MINISTER FINED FOR KISSING IN PUBIC. WEDDING BULLS RING OUT FOR PRINCESS. QUEEN OF HOLLAND GIVES PANTY FOR EX-SERVICE MEN. MORE DOGS HAVE BABIES THIS SUMMER IN BELGRADE. BRITAINS NEW FLYING-GOAT.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|What is in mind is a sort of Chautauqua...that's the only name I can think of for it...like the traveling tent-show Chautauquas that used to move across America, this America, the one that we are now in, an old-time series of popular talks intended to edify and entertain, improve the mind and bring culture and enlightenment to the ears and thoughts of the hearer. The Chautauquas were pushed aside by faster-paced radio, movies and TV, and it seems to me the change was not entirely an improvement. Perhaps because of these changes the stream of national consciousness moves faster now, and is broader, but it seems to run less deep. The old channels cannot contain it and in its search for new ones there seems to be growing havoc and destruction along its banks. In this Chautauqua I would like not to cut any new channels of consciousness but simply dig deeper into old ones that have become silted in with the debris of thoughts grown stale and platitudes too often repeated. "What's new?" is an interesting and broadening eternal question, but one which, if pursued exclusively, results only in an endless parade of trivia and fashion, the silt of tomorrow. I would like, instead, to be concerned with the question "What is best?," a question which cuts deeply rather than broadly, a question whose answers tend to move the silt downstream. There are eras of human history in which the channels of thought have been too deeply cut and no change was possible, and nothing new ever happened, and "best" was a matter of dogma, but that is not the situation now. Now the stream of our common consciousness seems to be obliterating its own banks, losing its central direction and purpose, flooding the lowlands, disconnecting and isolating the highlands and to no particular purpose other than the wasteful fulfillment of its own internal momentum. Some channel deepening seems called for.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|She remembered how her heart, so tight, like a scroll, had opened when Arin kissed her. It had unfurled. If her heart were truly a scroll, she could burn it. It would become a tunnel of flame, a handful of ash. The secrets she had written inside herself would be gone. No one would know
Dada Bhagwan|I know’, is a big ghost. ‘This is mine’, is a huge demonic possession!
Henry James, The American|Never fall for a person's image and status as the may serve as a false representation of character. Watch closely the character and you"ll know who a person really is.
David Eagleman, The Brain: The Story of You|A great life starts and steadies with a great mind that is open to new ideas, fierce in defense of truth, and always eager to learn.
Michael Dorris, Sees Behind Trees|Just be yourself. You don't have to put on an act.""To be myself, I have to put on an act," Ginny said bitterly."What's that mean?""It means I don't know who I am.
Tina Brown|I don't smile as much as I should, even though I smile inside a lot.
Sadghuru|Herein lies the paradox: If you want more of whatever it is you desire, you have to first prove to the universe that you are capable of having it by developing a consciousness that affirms there is no shortage of it. The only way to do this is by creating a vacuum or space for it to be received, and the only way you can create a space for it to be received is by letting go of what you do have, trusting that the universe knows what it is doing. That's the law of circulation in action.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|Through the metal bars of the jungle gym, she watches two gray squirrels chase each other around a tree. Around and around and around. So gratuitous.
Anonymous|Proverbs 28:26Those who trust in their own reasoning are fools, but those who walk in Wisdom will be kept safe.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Oh God, God, why did you take such trouble to force this creature out of its shell if it is now doomed to crawl back -- to be sucked back -- into it?
Strohberry|Frustration... when our happiness or sadness looses control. The blissful intensity of sensations, the disappointing realisation that dissatisfaction is not enough.
Steve Jobs|Remembering that I’ll be dead soon is the most important tool I’ve ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything – all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure – these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important.
Lemony Snicket|All families have their secrets, most people would never know them, but they know there are spaces, gaps where the answers should be, where someone should have sat, where someone used to be. A name that is never uttered, or uttered just once and never again. We all have our secrets.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|There’s nothing wrong with fighting when you have no choice. As a matter of fact, it’s what you should do, but when you fight, fight to win.
John Fowles, The Ebony Tower|...Russia itself having turned to socialist realism - no-man's-land between surrealism and communism,...
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|In a country where people are afraid of criticizing the government, many things must be going horrible! In such countries people must know that a society of cowards will always be remembered as a society of honourless people!
Eudora Welty|But he wanted to leap up, to say to her, I have been sick and I found out then, only then, how lonely I am. Is it too late? My heart puts up a struggle inside me, and you may have heard it, protesting against emptiness...It should be full, he would rush on to tell her, thinking of his heart now as a deep lake, it should be holding love like other hearts. It should be flooded with love. There would be a warm spring day...Come and stand in my heart, whoever you are, and a whole river would cover your feet and rise higher and take your knees in whirlpools, and draw you down to itself, your whole body, your heart too.("Death of a Traveling Salesman")
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|The truth had lacerated him to the bone, had punctured his heart, and had ripped through his soul. The truth had slain him and tended to his wounds. The truth had hated him and loved him. The truth had opened his eyes to his own faults.
Henry de Montherlant, Les jeunes filles|In any modern society encouraging your child to cut himself is an unthinkable act, but only with religious belief becomes part of the culture, and demands respect.
Parker J. Palmer|The Word, the Gospel, creates not just people individually but A people collectively
Arnold Arre, After Eden|Love is the biggest mystery of the universe. But why try to solve it, when one simply view it for what it is and marvel at the wonders and strangeness it brings?
Agnostic Zetetic|I could go into their reality any time I chose to, but they could never come into mine. This is what I called 'helping' them.
Bill Watterson|Stop crying to the ocean, stop crying over me. Stop worrying over nothing, stop worrying over me. So it's been so long since you said, well I know what I want and what I want's right here with you.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Sometimes when I look at you, I feel I'm gazing at a distant star. It's dazzling, but the light is from tens of thousands of years ago.Maybe the star doesn't even exist any more. Yet sometimes that light seems more real to me than anything.
David Lucero, Big Jim|The Forest is dark, dearie, The Forest is dark;The moment you think that you’re lost in the woods, then you are.Do not lose your way, dearie, Do not lose your way;The monsters are lurking not far from the path should you stray.Things aren’t what they seem, dearie, Things aren’t what they seem;Kind grins are bared teeth; Please don’t answer the calls from the trees.Do not pay them heed, dearie, Do not pay them heed;Hear footsteps behind you, beware but don’t fret, they’re just checking.The air is alive, dearie, The air is alive;To help and to hinder, but it’s how some learned to survive.These woods are too old, dearie, These woods are too old;Watch for crimson wraiths, keep your strength and wits close should you go.Deep in the Forest.
Marc Warren|I was a pilot and flying hang gliders, paragliders, aerobatics airplanes, and then I discovered skydiving. Free fall. Free. With nothing around you, just a parachute on your back. And you go down. But you don't feel like you're going down. Total freedom.
Nancy Arroyo Ruffin, Coming Undone|She looked at the empty page, which remained blank, apart from the small wet dots from her tears, for hours. Her mind was a turmoil of sadness, rage, fear and all those emotions that gave her inspiration. However her heart lacked the will as the empty words enclosed her soul pulling it down towards the frenzied ravenous imps that stalked hells pantry....
J.M. Morris, Fiddleback|I could probably write a book on the complexities of our relationship, on my constantly shifting emotions, my ever-changing mind, but let's just say that nothing is ever as black and white as it seems, that love is not only blind but pathetic too. It can make us into victims and fools, reduce us to the kind of people who infuriate us on soap operas, the kind you want to scream at for allowing the creep or bitch to walk all over them.
Ayn Rand, The Voice of Reason: Essays in Objectivist Thought|We are called to be strange in the same way that the early Christian communities were strange to the world around them. The community in Antioch brought together Jews and Samaritans, Greeks and Romans, slaves and free, men and women in a way that was so confusing that people didn't know what to call them. So they called them "Christians." The only way they knew to describe their peculiar actions was to say that they were followers of an odd preacher from Galilee. The world is longing for such new and odd communities in our time. . . . I pray the time is now and that the resurrection might begin in us.
RVM|In life, some laugh, some cry, some live, some die. The choice is ours to crawl or to fly.
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|So what now?" he said. "What do you mean?""What do we do now? We can't just be roommates.""You said you didn't like me.""I don't like you. I don't like how your hair smells, and how I can't stop thinking about waking up and seeing your face. I hate how my bed felt empty when you left. I don't like how good you were with my family, especially Harper, and how I wanted to see you with then again, but not just as a guest. As a member. You're right. I don't like you at all.""When did you change your mind?""My mind never changed. I've wanted you since the moment you opened the door and had that stunned look on your face. It just took me a while to admit it. Why deny it now? It is what it is and it's not going to change.""Oh.""This doesn't mean I'm going to be nice. I'm still going to be an ass. I'll just be an ass who apologizes and brings you flowers to say he's been a dick.""Chocolate," I said. "What?""I'd rather have chocolate when you apologize.""Chocolate it is." He smiled. "So does that mean what I think it means?""No. It just means that you get to bring me chocolate when you've been an ass. I'm going to weigh three hundred pounds." I focused my attention back on the peppers. I couldn't think about Hunter's declaration of... whatever it was. Footsteps didn't make me look up. "Taylor, look at me. Please." Damn. If only he didn't say please. "I can't promise to not make you mad. I can't promise that I won't hurt you. All I can promise is that I want you in my life, and I'll do anything to keep you there.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|[Saint Anthony] said, in his solitude, he sometimes encountered devils who looked like angels, and other times he found angels who looked like devils. When asked how he could tell the difference, the saint said that you can only tell which is which by the way you feel after the creature has left your company.
Jeffrey Fry|I have already lived long enough, Manon had written in late autumn, on an autumn day like today. I have lived and loved, I have had the best of this world. Why cry over the ending? Why cling to what remains? The advantage of dying is that you stop being afraid of it. There is a sense of peacefulness too.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It takes all of this technology to come up here and understand the simplicity of things. From here, it’s really difficult to understand borders, wars, and hate.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You're sexy and suave and you say the right things, but unless you can reach into my soul and tantalize my mind our connection will be null and void.
Ottilie Weber, Family Ties|Thinking I'm a moron gives people something to feel smug about," Charles Wallace said. "Why should I disillusion them?
Orrin Woodward|There are many shortcuts to failure, but there are no shortcuts to true success.
Brunonia Barry, The Fifth Petal|... once you start demonizing groups of people, when you make them the other, you can justify doing just about anything you want to the, can't you? Look at history if you don't believe me.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I can't bear the thought of living an entire lifetime on this planet and not getting to do all the things I dream of doing, simply because they aren't allowed. I don't think it will ever be enough, this version of freedom, until it is all-inclusive. I don't think I can be happy unless I'm truly independent.
Cathryn Fox, Wild Ride|Romance novels could teach a man a thing or two, if he was smart enough to open his mind and really see.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|If you believe in yourself and work hard, your dreams will come true
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Nostalgia washes over me with tons of memors and lifetime rolled on this land. Every oblivious memory from the childhood wraps open in the fragrance of these busy roads and familiar land, long signals, irritating traffic,honking cars,rushing people,excessive pollution defining Delhi at its best.
James Wood|The vitality of literary character has less to do with dramatic action, novelistic coherence, and even plain plausibility—let alone likeability—than with a larger philosophical or metaphysical sense, our awareness that a character’s actions are deeply important, that something profound is at stake, with the author brooding over the face of that character like God over the face of the waters.
Joan Bauer|People are so cheap. Everyone wants quality, no one wants to pay for it. Here's the suburban dream-- to hire great workers who are such meek morons that they don't have the guts to ask for a living wage.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|That widow’s peak is preposterous. God. It really makes you feel the sad dearth of widow’s peaks in daily life. We could, like, use him as breeding stock to seed widow’s peaks into the populace.”“My god. What’s with all the mating and seed talk?”“I’m just saying,” Zuzana said reasonably. “I’m crazy about Mik, okay, but that doesn’t mean I can’t do my part for the proliferation of widow’s peaks. As a favor to the gene pool. You would, too, right? Or maybe…” She shot Karou a sidelong glance. “You already have?
Christopher Pike, Whisper of Death|I sit alone in a dead world. The wind blows hot and dry, and the dust gathers like particles of memory waiting to be swept away. I pray for forgetfulness, yet my memory remains strong, as does the outstretched arm of the oppressive air. It seems as if the wind has been there since the beginning of the nightmare. Sometimes loud and harsh, a thousand sharp needles scratching at my reddened skin. Sometimes a whisper, a curious sigh in the black of night, of words more frightening than pain. I know now the wind has been speaking to me. Only I couldn't understand because I was too scared. I am scared now as I write these words. Still, there is nothing else to do.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people live in cages with bars built from their own fears and doubts. Some people live in cages with bars built from other people's fears and doubts; their parents, their friends, their brothers and sisters, their families. Some people live in cages with bars built from the choices others made for them, the circumstances other people imposed upon them. And some people break free.
T.A. Cline|Don't hide yourself. Stand up, keep your head high and show them what you got!
Joanna  Campbell, Tying Down the Lion|The Bad-Moon Girls appear on days when Dad doesn't know what he is thinking, or even if he is thinking. Those days can weigh less than air or more than an ocean. He has blank thoughts without feelings, followed by heavy feelings without thoughts. Time means nothing. A minute ticks by in the same rhythm as an entire day. He can look at one thing for an hour without moving. He can see me or Victor without knowing we are in the room, peering at us as if we are underwater, moving in warped slow motion.After the nothingness, he wades through a stagnant lake with the moon reflected in it, waiting for the daylight to rinse it away. He almost drowns while time ticks on. The sky is filled with black milk. No stars. Two days can pass before he surfaces.Dad's brain-switch, the focusing thing the rest of us switch on to make things look better, is a bit buggered. Those are his words, not mine.The Bad-Moon Girls whisper evil in Dad's ear, the sort of women who would set their own mother on fire if there were no other way to light their cigarettes. The trouble is, they can follow. Just as we were setting off to Clacton last autumn, they hunted him down.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Grayson noticed me next to the lockers. He pointed at me then held his arms out magnanimously. “You’re welcome, new girl,” he said. “I just saved you from having to find a nice way to say no to the leg dragger.
selvia trimawarni|do for yourself, for no one else will
Sunday Adelaja|I'll never get over the factthat the buildings all light up at night,and the night comes every nightand without regret we let it go.We sleep a little and we live.That's what we do.
Saziso Lucas|Culture defines who we are. For instance, the way we dress, behave in social manner, interact with others, meet or marry someone, etc., It greatly influences us in every way. It also tells us what is good or bad, and what is fun or boring. In short, without culture, we would not be able to identify and accept our differencens with other people.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|You saw me before I saw you. In the airport, that day in August, you had that look in your eyes, as though you wanted something from me, as though you’d wanted it for a long time. No one had ever looked at me like that before, with that kind of intensity. It unsettled me, surprised me, I guess. Those blue, blue eyes, icy blue, looking back at me as if I could warm them up. They’re pretty powerful, you know, those eyes, pretty beautiful, too.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|People nowadays talk about the world's problems like they're reading lines off a teleprompter. They recite what they're told and echo it without thinking. It has become easier to divide people than to unify them, and to blind them than to give them vision. We are no longer unified like a bowl of Cheerios. Instead, we have become as segregated as a box of Lucky Charms. Every day we see the same leprechauns on TV acting like they're the experts of everything.
Elizabeth Byler Younts, Seasons: A Real Story of an Amish Girl|Whose boys are those with the holes in their pants?"I cringed. How would my grandpa answer such an embarrassing question?"Those are my daughter's children, my grandchildren," Grandpa spoke as if he'd just been asked who had won first place in a foot race or just been baptized into the church."Those pants are very well ironed," the stranger said.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only Christ can meet the deepest needs of our world and our hearts. Christ alone can bring lasting peace—peace with God, peace among men and nations, and peace within our hearts. He transcends the political and social boundaries of our world.
Robert Rodriguez|I'm fascinated with design. I realized early that I had no talent in that direction, but I love talking with architects and designers about what they do. I appreciate applied creativity as a source of pleasure and meaning.
Rachel Vincent, My Soul to Save|You're Nash's brother. And a grim reaper?" She blinked again, and I readied myself for hysterics, or fear, or laughter. But knowing emma, I should have known better. "So you, what? Kill people? Did you kill me that day in the gym?" She clenched the headrest, her expression an odd mix of anger, awe, and confusion. But there was no disbelief. She'd seen and heard enough of the bizarre following her own temporary death that Tod's admission obviously didn't come as that much of a surprise.Or maybe Nash's Influence was still affecting her a little."No," Tod shook his head firmly, but the corners of his mouth turned up in amusement. "I had nothing to do with that. I do kill people, then I reap their souls and take them to be recycled. But only people who are on my list.""So, you're not...dangerous?"His pouty grin deepened into something almost predatory, like the Tod I'd first met two months earlier. "Oh, I'm dangerous....""Tod..." I warned, as Nash punched his brother in the arm, hard enough to actually hurt. "Just not to you," the reaper finished, shrugging at Emma. "I see you all the time, but you've never seen me, because Kaylee said if I got too close to you, I'd suffer eternity without my balls.""Jeez, Tod!" I shouted, my anger threatening to boil over and scald us all.The reaper leaned closer to Emma and spoke in a stage whisper. "She's not as scary as she thinks she is, but I respect her intent.
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|It gave an appalling idea of the value of an hour, and I thought I could never waste one again without remorse and terror.
Mouloud Benzadi|My own father had always said the measure of a man wasn't how many times or how hard he got knocked down, but how fast he got back up.
Adeline Knapp, This then is upland pastures: being some out-door essays dealing with the beautiful things that the spring and summer bring|I stroke the bleached bones of ancient trees felled long-ago by industry or cold desperation and wonder of another almost summer when two fell asleep beneath her arms, curling into each other like wind-swept branches on the edge of tomorrow ...
Mother Teresa, The Joy in Loving: A Guide to Daily Living|We do not need guns and bombs to bring peace, we need love and compassion.
Matt Bomer|Tax cuts should be for life, not just for Christmas.
Miriam Peskowitz, The Daring Book for Girls|Forget perfect on the first try. In the face of frustration, your best tool is a few deep breaths, and remembering that you can do anything once you've practed two hundred times.
Niels Bohr|School is practice for the future, and practice makes perfect. But nobody's perfect, so why practice?
Merle Miller, On Being Different: What It Means to Be a Homosexual|Identity is one of those absurd synthetic terms that if you ask someone about it, they can’t give you a proper definition of it without recapping what they’ve learned in school. Identity supposedly is a state or a condition of being oneself or itself, and not another. At least, this is what dictionary.com explains to us. They always say that you need to define who you are and this definition is always labeled by gender role and preference, political views, religious beliefs, nationality, family bonds, age, jobs and education titles.” Lucera looked at the doctor and shrugged her shoulders. “This might be only MY perception.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|You don’t talk about how the job is going until the job is done ,” Loch said.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Johanna bent her head far back to look up into the leafy canopy and the rainy sky. There was a cautious wonder on her face. She said something in Kiowa in a low voice. So much water, such giant trees, each possessing a spirit. Drops like jewels cascaded from their spidery hands.
Donna Lynn Hope|Present injustices exist not so much because simple individuals are acting in bad faith or lacking in charity, but because huge, impersonal systems (that seem beyond the control of the individuals acting within them) disprivilege some even as they unduly privilege others.
Elon Musk|The Linux philosophy is 'Laugh in the face of danger'. Oops. Wrong One. 'Do it yourself'. Yes, that's it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Only when we pray for one another, we will have peace.
Christos Yannaras, Relational Ontology|In humans (and humans alone), sexuality is embodied in desire--in the primordial desire for life-as-relation. That the sex drive serves the vital desire for relation--that on the level of the primordial process, the desire for life-in-itself clothes itself in the sex drive--belongs to the particularity of being human.
Josh Billings|I look at old performance videos now, and it's really funny - I thought I was such a gangster!
David Beckham|Because of the dog's joyfulness, our own is increased. It is no small gift. It is not the least reason why we should honor as love the dog of our own life, and the dog down the street, and all the dogs not yet born.
Rebecca Podos, The Mystery of Hollow Places|But at the last minute, I turned left, because I never had before, and because I had time to go down a different road.
Thornton Wilder, Our Town|Yes, now you know. Now you know! That's what it was to be alive. To move about in a cloud of ignorance; to go up and down trampling on the feelings of those...of those about you. To spend and waste time as though you had a million years. To be always at the mercy of one self-centered passion, or another. Now you know — that's the happy existence you wanted to go back to. Ignorance and blindness.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|Some of us teach ourselves and our children to love the superficial outer; our looks, hair, skin, clothes rather than the greater beauty that resides within whereas it is that inner beauty that really defines you and who you truly are
Shane Stadler|It had been horrible, yes, and he'd never want to do it again - but it truly was his most powerful experience.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|If you allow yourself to experience the present moment, you will discover that it does not get better than this Paradise is here and now, waiting for you to arrive, to accept, to surrender, and to enjoy.
Nursultan Nazarbayev|For centuries we have been living in the society where not laws but people ruled, where there was no legal state.
Thor Heyerdahl|Some people believe in Fate, others don't. I do, and I don't.It may seem at times as if invisible fingers move us above like puppets on strings. But for sure, we are notborn to be dragged along. We can grab the strings ourselvesand adjust our course at every crossroad, or take off at anylittle trail into the unknown.
Steven Cuoco|Karate training will make you strong and confident, but restraint will make you respected
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Integrity is the glue that holds our way of life together. What our young people want to see in their elders is integrity, honesty, truthfulness, and faith. What they hate most of all is hypocrisy and phoniness . . . Let them see us doing what we would like them to do.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|The moon is always holding the stars, you must do the same.
Miley Cyrus|When a person listens to a good song, and they can look out at the world and their lives and see the dark and the light, the negative and the positive, all the different elements, all come together in one holistic poem, that is a very healing and very reductive thing, and that's what my music is about.
John Henrik Clarke|Life is like dancing. If we have a big floor, many people will dance. Some will get angry when the rhythm changes. But life is changing all the time.
R. N. Prasher|Irrationality is the exclusive preserve of humans as among all creatures only we have the power to rationalise, that being the art of packaging patently irrational as apparently rational.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|At no other time (than autumn) does the earth let itself be inhaled in one smell, the ripe earth; in a smell that is in no way inferior to the smell of the sea, bitter where it borders on taste, and more honeysweet where you feel it touching the first sounds. Containing depth within itself, darkness, something of the grave almost.
Henri Cartier-Bresson|Inside you there’s an artist you don’t know about… say yes quickly, if you know, if you’ve known it from before the beginning of the universe.
Kenji|And that day will come, when the feminists will come out of their central top secret worldwide headquarters, and say 'It`s on now, motherfuckers!
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|Welp I'm fucked, how am I meant to do that?! “Dilmore?
Kevin Brooks|Stories aren't facts, Cait, they're not details. Stories are feelings. You've got your feelings, haven't you?""Too many," I said."Well, that's all you need." He put his hand on mine. "Cry yourself a story, love. It works. Believe me."So that's what I did, I cried myself a story.And this is it.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Cats of Ulthar|The cat required far less attendance than a human child, which is one of the reasons why spinster ladies prefer felines to babies.
Mayank  Sharma, A Cocktail of Love|You can find three species at any defind area.... Stray animals, pet animals and SOCIAL animals... I wonder where HUMANS are..!!!
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|You wanted to lick my face the first time you saw me? Is that usually what you do when you’re attracted to guys?” I shake my head. “Not your face, your dimple. And no. You’re the only guy I’ve ever had the urge to lick.” He smiles at me confidently. “Good. Because you’re the only girl I’ve ever had the urge to love.
|In the journey of life, you can only be as fruitful or fruitless as the thoughts that constantly dwell in your mind.
Cintra Wilson, A Massive Swelling: Celebrity Reexamined as Grotesque Crippling Disease and Other Cultural Revelations|in our culture, women can do anything a man can. and vice versa."don alfonso's eyebrows shot up. "i do not believe it.""it's true," sally said defiantly."in America, the women hunt while the men have babies?
Jean Cocteau|Here I am trying to live, or rather, I am trying to teach the death within me how to live.
Marlo Thomas|Modern morality and manners suppress all natural instincts, keep people ignorant of the facts of nature and make them fighting drunk on bogey tales.
Arthur Newberry 1893- Choyce, Memory Poems of War and Love|I crawled in a spirit-haunted placeMade wild by souls that moan and mourn;And Death leered by with mangled face -Ah God! I prayed, I prayed for dawn.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|It's a shame you left without a word, you know. She was just beginning to trust you before that. Before you got angry. Before you ran off. Just like every other man in her life. Lusting after her, full of sweet words, then just walking away. Leaving her alone. Good thing she's used to it by now, isn't it? Otherwise you might have hurt her. Otherwise you just might have broken that poor girl's heart
Terry Spear, A Silver Wolf Christmas|I won't tell if you don't." I winked.Granny laughed.In the South, a wink speaks louder than words.
lauren klarfeld|As any distance we take from things give us an outside perspective, so does taking a geographical distance—offering us a new vantage point over our lives.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|He cursed himself for having assumed the weather would be sunny. Perhaps it was the result of evolution, he thought--some adaptive gene that allowed the English to go on making blithe outdoor plans in the face of almost certain rain.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Hope|I’d like to say it could have been worse. I’m sure lots of people hate their job, or their boss, or the people they work with. I just couldn’t relate to those people. They have options. They can quit their job, move out of town, or drop off the grid. The only option I had was a guaranteed one-way ticket to Hell when I died, and that didn’t include dental.
Otessa Marie Ghadar|You are to be pitied more than I, perhaps. I soar above all your innumerable miseries, partaking of the nature of the angels; for, as you have said, my place is not in your narrow sphere. You have the earth, I have boundless space. Enchained here below by the thousand bonds of your gross, material senses, your spirits cannot plunge into that limpid Ocean of the infinite, where, lost for a day upon your arid shores, my soul drinks deep.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Focus your heart, mind, and soul on joy and you'll find ultimate success and fulfillment.
Munindra Misra, Chants of Hindu Gods and Godesses in English Rhyme|A prayer from Shri Vishwanatha SuprabhataMorning Salutations to Shivaत्वमेव माता च पिता त्वमेव, त्वमेव बन्धुश्च सखा त्वमेव ।त्वमेव विद्या द्रविणं त्वमेव, त्वमेव सर्वं मम देव देव ॥tvameva mata cha pita tvameva,tvameva bandhush-cha sakha tvamevatvameva vidya dravinam tvamevatvameva sarvam mama deva devaYou my mother and father be,You are kin and friend to me;You my knowledge, wealth be,God of gods! You my all do be.
R. A. Delmonico|And when you see those good things—and I promise you, there are so many good things—they’re going to be so much brighter for you than they are for other people, just like the abyss always seems deeper and bigger when you stare at it. If you stick it out, it’s all going to feel worth it in the end. Every moment you live, every darkness you face, they’ll all feel worth it when you’re staring light in the face.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Your dreams can earn you money and provision when you don’t only have fans, but customers.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|Jase props himself up on an elbow, looking at me for a minute without saying anything. His face gets an unreadable expression, and I wish I could take back walking over.Then he observes, “I’m guessing that’s a uniform.”Crap. I’d forgotten I was still wearing it.
Zia Haider Rahman, In the Light of What We Know|I stubbed my toe just as someone dropped a book into the inside drop box. As I yelped and howled in pain, a child on the other side said, 'Mommy, I think we hurt the book!
I. Alan Appt|Quotations from ‘“THE STRENGTH IN KNOWING”***Convey to others more compassion, sensitivity, understanding rather than judgementalism”To find pity shall enable forgiveness to surfaceThere are good bones in everyone’s body, what varies are the numberCause and effect from the very smallest act by one individual can change mankind for all timeDevastation can be a reward, and a path to regenerationEmotions May Inhibit our Ability to Find PeaceOne must conquer One’s insensitivity to sensitivityTrue peace maintains strength and calm in the face of discord and tensionWisdom is not guranteed to be achieved with age but rather realized with ones sensitiviy to man and the universeOpposites create duality. The ego creates opposites. Therefore, the ego creates dualityOne should not permit his or her life path to be influenced by the expectations of others. Doubt is the archenemy of the purity of thought and it inhibits the essence of all that is Our, emotions and perceptions determine our attitudes and ultimately our choicesDon’t do it later; do it now.True love is unconditional and everlasting and it cannot cease.Reframing from negative speech is a path to reduction of negative thoughtUncontaminated understanding and awareness is the purity of essence and the essence of purity
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, Born To Learn|I simply stepped out of the way and maintained my courage and my position in the face of constant disagreement, voiced opinion and attack. I held true and I stood my ground. I maintained my convictions and my commitment to allowing them to live in the kingdom of childhood. I protected them from outside influence and allowed their imaginations to soar. I instilled a lifelong love of learning in them and I shared my passion for reading. I allowed them to choose what they wanted to study and I provided the resources for them to delve in, unguided and undisturbed for however long they needed to gather what they believed to be enough understanding to satisfy their own personal drive.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|When you arise in the moring, think of what a precious privelege it is to be alive-- to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love
Carol Bell|Value the effort you put forward. Be determined, committed, and involved.
David Harvey, The Enigma of Capital and the Crises of Capitalism|Since the 1970S, financial innova­tions such as the securitisation of mortgage debt and the spreading of investment risks through the creation of derivative markets, all tacitly (and now, as we see, actually) backed by state power, have permitted a huge flow of excess liquidity into all facets of urbanisa­tion and built environment construction worldwide.
Alek Wek|It has had a tremendous impact on my life, more than on the life of most Prize winners, because I was in an unusual situation. I was unemployed at the time. I was in good health, but I had reached the age of 66 and beginning to get social security, but I didn't have much of that. I had many years of unemployment before me.
Syed Sharukh|She was the Goddess Who Must Not Be Named; those who sought her never found her, yet she was known to come to the aid of those in greatest need. And, then again, sometimes she didn't. She was like that.
Terri Haynes Roach, A Special Gift|One narcissus among the ordinary beautiful flowers, one unlike all the others! She pulled, stooped to pull harder-when, sprung out of the earthon his glittering terriblecarriage, he claimed his due.It is finished. No one had heard her.No one! She had strayed from the herd. (Remember: go straight to school.This is important, stop fooling around!Don't answer to strangers. Stickwith your playmates. Keep your eyes down.)This is how easily the pitopens. This is how one foot sinks into the ground.
Shawn Lukas|The power of touch. Life is controlled by such a facet manipulated by Man. All are knowledgeable of its boundaries, most are negligent.
Truman Capote, House of Flowers|Royal summoned mourners. They came from the village, from the neighboring hills and, wailing like dogs at midnight, laid siege to the house. Old women beat their heads against the walls, moaning men prostrated themselves: it was the art of sorrow, and those who best mimicked grief were much admired. After the funeral everyone went away, satisfied that they'd done a good job.
Bella Pollen, Midnight Cactus|He knew what the wind was doing to them, where it was taking them, to all the secret places that were never so secret again in life.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|We’d been walking in endless rectangles and now we were near the candy store again. The lights were out, the security gate down. We leaned up against the wall of a bank and I could feel the cool stone on my back, the billions of dollars thrumming through wires beneath and behind me, or on the night waves above. I wasn’t quite sure how they traveled. Or how much they got out anymore.
Katie Reus, Chasing Danger|From the safety of his BMW with tinted windows, he watched Hannah Young pull out of her parking space, seemingly in a hurry to leave work. He'd hoped to catch her alone, but the garage was too busy right now. He wasn't out of place at all, but he couldn't have made a move against her without someone noticing. And following her from the hospital wasn't an option. Traffic in Miami was too thick this time of day.	Something told him she'd notice if he tailed her. Hannah was far too smart for her own good. She'd seen something she shouldn't have, and unfortunately he needed to eliminate her.	It wasn't something he relished doing, but it came down to his life or hers.
Amanda Lance, Outlaw|Maybe I’d already guessed that the physics of us didn’t defy any laws of gravity, and with her, there was always an equal and opposite reaction.
Frigyes Karinthy, Chains|Is it possible that power can conquer matter, that the soul makes a mightier truth than the body, that life has a meaning that survives life itself, that good survives evil as life survives death, that God, after all, is more powerful than the Devil?
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|When we feel lonely we keep looking for a person or persons who can take our loneliness away. Our lonely hearts cry out, 'Please hold me, touch me, speak to me, pay attention to me.' But soon we discover that the person we expect to take our loneliness away cannot give us what we ask for. Often that person feels oppressed by our demands and runs away, leaving us in despair. As long as we approach another person from our loneliness, no mature human relationship can develop. Clinging to one another in loneliness is suffocating and eventually becomes destructive. For love to be possible we need the courage to create space between us and to trust that this space allows us to dance together.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Her Brooklyn accent only comes out when she's angry. This is the best part....I pick at my pancakes while she tells me, simply, "It's ok to change your mind." About a feeling, a person, a promise of love. I can't stay just to avoid contradicting myself. I don't have to watch him cry.
Felisberto Hernández, Piano Stories|He methodically basted the dark skin of the Alsatian, which he had stuffed with garlic and herbs."One rule in life", he murmured to himself. "If you can smell garlic, everything is all right".
Morris R. Gates|Ah'm thinking about shoutin 'stop' but ah could never turn away at this point. If smack is as addictive as they say, then ah'm already aw the junky ah'm ever gaunny be.
Debasish Mridha|The more you will able to trust yourself, the more joy and peace you will able to experience.
Alan King|If you're trying to diet, what do you do? You grab your two friends and say, 'We're going to the gym; let's do this together.' Money shouldn't be any different. If you're trying to make progress, if you're trying to save more, we really need to be able to get support.
Debasish Mridha|Nobody can steal my inner beauty, tranquility, and peace without my consent.
Lauren Myracle, The Infinite Moment of Us|So you know, i'm thinking that you can either keep yourself safe and not feel anything, or you can the risk of just loving him and letting him love you." she paused. "Is he worth the risk? And if not what is? What are you willing to take risk for, Wren?
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|I walk with my head high, shoulders squared. I'm better than them. No matter the whispers and taunts they throw out. Fuck them. Fuck them all.
Mitch Albom|If I really care for you, if I try to think myself into your position and orientation, then the world is bettered by my effort at understanding and comprehension. If you respond to my effort by trying to extend the same sympathy and understanding to others in turn, then the betterment of the world has been minutely but significantly extended. We want people to feel with us, more than to act for us.
Kobe Bryant|Every gift which is given, even though it be small, is in reality great, if it is given with affection.
Wayne Dyer|See the light in others, and treat them as if that is all you see.
Marie Lu|But you find—surprise—that you like this capitulation from her, this helpless acceding, from the most recent embodiment of all the girls over all the years who've given you nothing, not even a curious glance. Welcome to the darker side of love.
Sunday Adelaja|When you pay attention to man, God also reciprocates with His attention
Roger Ebert, Life Itself|I may appear to suffer from some sort of compulsive repetition syndrome, but these rituals are important to me. I have many places where I sit and think, “I have been here before, I am here now, and I will be here again.” Sometimes, lost in reverie, I remember myself approaching across the same green, or down the same footpath, in 1962 or 1983, or many other times. Sometimes Chaz comes along on my rituals, but just as often I go alone. Sometimes Chaz will say she’s going shopping, or visiting a friend, or just staying in the room and reading in bed. “Why don’t you go and touch your bases?” she’ll ask me. I know she sympathizes. These secret visits are a way for me to measure the wheel of the years and my passage through life. Sometimes on this voyage through life we need to sit on the deck and regard the waves.
Beth Harbison, When in Doubt, Add Butter|The threat of punishment at home or school only served as a challenge to figure out how to circumvent the consequences when I did what I wanted to do anyway. I didn't fear the punishment, I just saw it as an inconvenience to work around.
Charmaine J Forde|There was a touch of prairie about the fellow.--hans vollmanYes.--roger bevins iiiLike stepping into a summer barn late at night.--hans vollmanOr a musty plains office, where some bright candle still burns.--roger bevins iiiVast. Windswept. New. Sad.--hans vollmanSpacious. Curious. Doom-minded. Ambitious.--roger bevins iiiBack slightly out.--hans vollmanRight boot chafing.--roger bevins iii
Oscar Wilde|If the Socialism is Authoritarian; if there are Governments armed with economic power as they are now with political power; if, in a word, we are to have Industrial Tyrannies, then the last state of man will be worse than the first. 
Jennifer Echols, Star Crossed|You're gorgeous, you old hag, and if I could give you just one gift ever for the rest of your life it would be this. Confidence. It would be the girl of confidence. Either that or a scented candle.
Louis MacNeice|Every major communication tool on the Internet has spam and abuse problems. All email services, blogging services and social networks have to dedicate a significant amount of resources and time to fighting abuse and protecting their users.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Faerie is a perilous land, and in it are pitfalls for the unwary and dungeons for the overbold...The realm of fairy-story is wide and deep and high and filled with many things: all manner of beasts and birds are found there; shoreless seas and stars uncounted; beauty that is an enchantment, and an ever-present peril; both joy and sorrow as sharp as swords. In that realm a man may, perhaps, count himself fortunate to have wandered, but its very richness and strangeness tie the tongue of a traveller who would report them. And while he is there it is dangerous for him to ask too many questions, lest the gates should be shut and the keys be lost.
Abhijit Naskar, Biopsy of Religions: Neuroanalysis Towards Universal Tolerance|Neglect of women is the major cause for the society’s downfall. The man and the woman are the two wheels of the society. If either one becomes defective, the society cannot make progress. There will be hope for the well-being of the entire world only if the humans, men and women alike, stop deeming the women as some kind of inferior creatures. We, the responsible citizens of the world can build a better future for the entire species, only by improving the condition of the women.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Giving these lil’ fellas a gun was important to keep the name of the Rebellions strong, because whenever the name drops, it’s only a matter of time before someone kicks your door in. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
D.R. Silva|If Jesus didn't do it, don't say the Father does. If Jesus did do it, don't say the Father doesn't.
Mark Ruffalo|Willing or preferring is the same with respect to good and evil, that judging is with respect to truth or falsehood.
Robert M. Pirsig|Our generation grew up with technology. It evolved as we grew up. This new generation has had it since they were babies. That's crazy. It fundamentally changes they way they understand and think about technology. They've never known life without it, whereas we knew life without the Internet.
Christine Haggerty|Stay close 2 those who sing, tell stories, and enjoy life, and those eyes sparkle wiz happiness is contagious and will always manage 2 find a solution, whereas logic can find only an explanation 4 the mistake made." me!! ;)
Thomas Jefferson|Were it left to me to decide whether we should have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter.
George Vecsey|What separates sports from entrepreneurism, however, is that in business we constantly have to overcome undefined and unpredictable challenges. Athletes train for specific events and conditions, whereas entrepreneurs generally have little idea what they will encounter along the way.
Eloisa James, Duchess By Night|You have been so sheltered, Deeta - more even than your sisters. You know nothing of life or of people, in truth I think both scare you. You have little experience of anything but Tom and I and the children. You carved out a little niche for yourself with us, somewhere you were comfortable and safe. With each passing day I have watched you close yourself off from all that is new until it becomes impossible to answer the question of who you are because you do not know yourself. I think you have courage and that you are resourceful, maybe you are brave. But at this moment I see you look at upheaval and adventure with fright in your soul, so that you see only the bad and no good at all.
Ahmed Alibage|As long as we confider failure as an option, success is not going to be the only one choice.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|I asked the Dalai Lama what it was like to wake up with joy, and he shared his experience each morning. 'I think if you are an intensely religious believer, as soon as you wake up, you thank God for another day. And you try to do God’s will. For a nontheist like myself, but who is a Buddhist, as soon as I wake up, I remember Buddha’s teaching: the importance of kindness and compassion, wishing something good for others, or at least to reduce their suffering. Then I remember that everything is interrelated, the teaching of interdependence. So then I set my intention for the day: that this day should be meaningful. Meaningful means, if possible, serve and help others. If not possible, then at least not to harm others. That’s a meaningful day.
James W. Loewen|Consider how textbooks treat Native religions as a unitary whole. ... "These Native Americans ... believed that nature was filled with spirits. Each form of life, such as plants and animals, had a spirit. Earth and air held spirits too. People were never alone. They shared their lives with the spirits of nature." ... Stated flatly like this, the beliefs seem like make-believe, not the sophisticated theology of a higher civilization. Let us try a similarly succinct summary of the beliefs of many Christians today: "These Americans believed that one great male god ruled the world. Sometimes they divided him into three parts, which they called father, son, and holy ghost. They ate crackers and wine or grape juice, believing that they were eating the son's body and drinking his blood. If they believed strongly enough, they would live on forever after they died." describe Christianity this way. It's offensive. Believers would immediately argue that such a depiction fails to convey the symbolic meaning or the spiritual satisfaction of communion.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|That which we manifest is before us; we are the creators of our own destiny. Be it through intention or ignorance, our successes and our failures have been brought on by none other than ourselves.
Beverly L. Anderson, Stolen Innocence|Don’t look at me like that, I see those pink cheeks when you talk about him,” she observed. “In my day, if I learned anything, it was to tell the ones you love how much love them. When I was your age, I fell in love with a beautiful woman. You know, fifties and all, I never told her, and she married a man that abused her terribly.” She paused, and Artemis could tell her eyes were dampening. “I went to her funeral two years after she moved away. In her things, there was a letter for me, telling me how much love she’d held in her heart and couldn’t speak. I was happy, my husband and my kids, but I always wonder, what woulda happened if I’d told her how much I loved her.” She smiled again. “Just don’t waste time, that’s what I’ll say. Call it old advice from an interfering old woman.
Isaiah Berlin, The Crooked Timber of Humanity: Chapters in the History of Ideas|Men would no longer be victims of nature or of their own largely irrational societies: reason would triumph; universal harmonious cooperation, true history, would at last begin. For if this was not so, do the ideas of progress, of history, have any meaning? Is there not a movement, however tortuous, from ignorance to knowledge, from mythical thought and childish fantasies to perception of reality face to face, to knowledge of true goals, true values as well as truths of fact? Can history be a mere purposeless succession of events, caused by a mixture of material factors and the play of random selection, a tale full of sound and fury signifying nothing? This was unthinkable. The day would dawn when men and women would take their lives in their own hands and not be self-seeking beings or the playthings of blind forces that they did not understand. It was, at the very least, not impossible to conceive that such an earthly paradise could be; and if conceivable we could, at any rate, try to march towards it. That has been at the centre of ethical thought from the Greeks to the Christian visionaries of the Middle Ages, from the Renaissance to progressive thought in the last century; and indeed, is believed by many to this day.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|You bear a significant importance to humanity. You exist to complete the mold. Each step you take, great or little is important to your self-growth and success. Don't be hard on yourself when things don't go right or when the journey seems tough. You have not just one extra year but an entire lifetime to keep trying until you get it right. Please be good to yourself by keeping hope alive always. It's not about the new year. It's about you!
Debasish Mridha|Every moment you lose your temper, you lose a moment of opportunity to love.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|It is 32c today, and the only thing keeping me from hanging myself is the small sense of relief Iglean from attaching my body to the vents of my delicious cooling piece. It is a stunning unit,exquisite in all its forms, exceptional in its application, and effective in all its functions. I wouldmarry it, if only I knew it would not die on me sometime within the next five years. Appliances,like obedient children or silent extroverts, cannot last forever, and while my unbidden affectionkept my other air conditioner alive for the better part of ten years, not all inanimate objects canbe fueled by my love.
Andrea Heltsley, Dissolve|My mother used to say not sleeping was the sign of a guilty mind. It could have been. There was a lot in my mind to feel guilty about. When you’re drunk and trying to sleep, your thoughts are visited by the ghosts of those deeds whose heat still glows hottest in your personal darkness. Our actions burn much longer than the moments in which they occur. And drunks like me, we hide from the glow of the embers by fueling other fires and hiding within the flames.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|You digest and absorb your life by turning it into stories,' he says, 'the same way this theater seems to digest people.' With one hand, he points to a carpet stain, this dark stain sticky and growing mold, branched with arms and legs.Other events—the ones you can’t digest—they poison you. Those worst parts of your life, those moments you can’t talk about, they rot you from the inside out. Until you’re Cassandra’s wet shadow on the ground. Sunk in your own yellow protein mud.But the stories that you can digest, that you can tell—you can take control of those past moments. You can shape them, craft them. Master them. And use them to your own good. Those are stories as important as food. Those are stories you can use to make people laugh or cry or sick. Or scared. To make people feel the way you felt. To help exhaust that past moment for them and for you. Until that moment is dead.Consumed. Digested. Absorbed.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Touching him is order and chaos, like being assembled and disassembled at the same time.
Santosh Thankachan|A Christian when opts to beg emotionally to others, disappoints the Almighty God in atleast 3 ways:1. By Denying the Power of God to Provide for their lives (2 Timothy 3:5, Titus 1:16)2. By still being Immature to handle Life's crisis (1 Corinthians 13:11, James 1:2-4)3. By setting a poor example of Faith and Trust on God (Psalm 78:40-42, Psalms 34:8,9)The difference between Emotional pleading and asking a Fellow christian to Pray is that Former belittles our God who Provides (Jehovah Jireh) while the Latter Glorifies our God Who is Enough (El Shaddai).- Santosh Thankachan
Shankara|...when you take fright and add to it ignorance, you get hatred. That's a very unattractive equation.
Naveen Jain|As contagion of sickness makes sickness, contagion of trust can make trust.
Kristin Chenoweth|The difficulty with marriage is that we fall in love with a personality, but must live with a character.
Jennifer Niven, All The Bright Places"|May your eye go to the Sun, To the wind your soul... You are all the colors in one, at full brightness.
Ann Coulter|No more distressing moment can ever face a British government than that which requires it to come to a hard, fast and specific decision.
George Washington|There are, of course, the people who revolve around themselves--but I agree with you, she's not one of that kind. She's totally uninterested in herself. And yet she's got a strong character--there must be something. I thought at first it was her art--but it isn't. I've never met anyone so detached from life. That's dangerous.''Dangerous? What do you mean?''Well, you see--it must mean an obsession of some kind, and obsessions are always dangerous.
Alejandro Cremades|I feel like you can’t judge a book by its cover, that’s always been the story of my life. I can walk into any restaurant and people would be floored to learn that I know what I do about wine, let alone that I ran one of the best wine programs in the world.
Michelle Paver, Wolf Brother|The pillow whistled across the room and smacked him in the face. Nicolas smiled, satisfied. If he was going to die, this was the man he wanted to die beside.
Miriam Toews, A Complicated Kindness|But love, like a mushroom high compared with the buzz from cheap weed, outlasts grief.
JB  Richards, Miriamne the Magdala|Humankind would be so bored if we already knew all the answers! The beauty of the Universe lies in our need to understand it, for that is what challenges us to acquire the knowledge and wisdom to reach great heights!
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|You know, I put my little brother in the movies and he's still in the pictures. My mother makes me put him in the pictures.
Patricia Cori, The Emissary|She knew that her lifework had changed forever that day. She was being called to use her gift to help prevent a tragedy such as this from ever happening again. And she knew, without question, that the whales and dolphins would reach out to her again, from the other side of the night . . . and she would be there.
Ellen J. Barrier|But they also awarded a quite respectable 55th place to Enoch Powell, thereby demonstrating that, for certain sections of the population, being an unpleasant racist constitutes no bar to greatness.
Faith McKay, Lipstick & Zombies|He sat on the grass, rested the carcass on his lap and bit into its soft underbelly, spilling its rank contents onto his freshly pressed shirt and slacks.
Sara Niles, Torn From The Inside Out|I was always an odd child, though I had no idea what odd was, really.
Moonshine Noire|She didn't fear the night, though she found little comfort in its dark hours.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|In many ways, those dedicated to removing all potential biblical contradictions, to making the Bible entirely consistent with itself, are no different from irreligious debunkers of the Bible, Christianity, and religion in general. Many from both camps seem to believe that simply demonstrating that the Bible is full of inconsistencies and contradictions, as I have just done, is enough to discredit any religious tradition that embraces it as Scripture. Bible debunkers and Bible defenders are kindred spirits.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|Society, as we have constituted it, will have no place for me, has none to offer; but Nature, whose sweet rains fall on unjust and just alike, will have clefts in the rocks where I may hide, and secret valleys in whose silence I may weep undisturbed. She will hang the night with stars so that I may walk abroad in the darkness without stumbling, and send the wind over my footprints so that none may track me to my hurt: she will cleanse me in great waters, and with bitter herbs make me whole.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|War is chaos. It always has been. But technology makes it worse. It changes the fear. At the Institute, I feared men. I feared what Titus and the Jackal could do to me. You see death coming there and can at least struggle against it. Here you don't have such luxury. Modern war is fearing the air, the shadows, fearing the silence. Death will com and I won't even see it. ~Darrow
Carrie Ryan, Slasher Girls & Monster Boys|Nobody ever thinks of himself as a villain, does he? Even monsters hold high opinions of themselves.
Farid F. Ibrahim|...flight from tyranny does not of itself insure a safe asylum, far less a happy home.
Carl Henegan|The great advantage of being a writer is that you can spy on people. You're there, listening to every word, but part of you is observing. Everything is useful to a writer, you see - every scrap, even the longest and most boring of luncheon parties.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|Each time they ignore me, I feel invisible. I want to tell them that I am just as human as the man, just as worthy of acknowledgement. These are the little things, but sometimes it is the little things that sting the most.
Rebecca Harris, Give Up the Ghost|On either side of Natalie as she walked toward her own room were doors: perhaps behind one door a girl was studying, behind another a girl was crying, behind a third a girl was turning uneasily in her sleep. Behind a certain definite door downstairs Anne and Vicki sat, laughing and speaking in loud voices whatever they chose to say; behind other doors girls lifted their heads at Natalie's footsteps, turned, wondered, and went back to their work. I wish I were the only person in all the world, Natalie thought, with a poignant longing, thinking then that perhaps she was, after all.
D.H. Lawrence|Don’t fall in love with a woman who reads, a woman who feels too much, a woman who writes...Don’t fall in love with an educated, magical, delusional, crazy woman. Don’t fall in love with a woman who thinks, who knows what she knows and also knows how to fly; a woman sure of herself.Don’t fall in love with a woman who laughs or cries making love, knows how to turn her spirit into flesh; let alone one that loves poetry (these are the most dangerous), or spends half an hour contemplating a painting and isn't able to live without music.Don’t fall in love with a woman who is interested in politics and is rebellious and feel a huge horror from injustice. One who does not like to watch television at all. Or a woman who is beautiful no matter the features of her face or her body.Don’t fall in love with a woman who is intense, entertaining, lucid and irreverent. Don’t wish to fall in love with a woman like that. Because when you fall in love with a woman like that, whether she stays with you or not, whether she loves you or not, from a woman like that, you never come back.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|When [beauty pornography is] aimed at men, its effect is to keep them from finding peace in sexual love. The fleeting chimera of the airbrushed centerfold, always receding before him, keeps the man destabilized in pursuit, unable to focus on the beauty of the woman--known, marked, lined, familiar—-who hands him the paper every morning.
Debalina Haldar|With the harmonious balance between materialist nature and spiritual attitude, it is possible to be affluent yet with the soul of a saint. Such a state is a synthesis of matter and soul; the Rich Monk is a way to be rich in two ways.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Nothing remains forever, only thing that remain forever is romantically stupid word forever.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Do you know the legend about cicadas? They say they are the souls of poets who cannot keep quiet because, when they were alive, they never wrote the poems they wanted to.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Whatever our dreams are, we can make them happen. Some dreams may seem impossible, but they are not, in my belief. How can we know that it cannot and will not happen without even trying? It is always better to have tried than not to have tried at all.
Anonymous|Three simple rules in life: If you do not go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you do not ask, the answer will always be no. If you do not step forward, you will always be in the same place.
Mark Lawrence, Emperor of Thorns|It doesn't pay to trust a lettered man in the road, Brothers, their heads are full of other man's ideas.
H.D., HERmione|I have tasted words, I have seen them. Never had her hands reached out in darkness and felt the texture of pure marble, never had her forehead bent forward and, as against a stone altar, felt safety. I am now saved. Her mind could not then so specifically have seen it, could not have said, "Now I will reveal myself in words, words may now supercede a scheme of mathematical-biological definition. Words may be my heritage and with words...A lady will be set back in the sky....there was hope in a block of unsubstantiated marble, words could carve and set up solid altars...Thought followed the wing that beat its silver into seven-branched larch boughs.
R.L. Griffin, Seamless|I lost my family,” he says softly. The tone of his voice justifies my earlier regret. “If you have nothing to love, you have nothing to lose. Even your own life becomes meaningless.
Holly Smale, Sunny Side Up|If you can’t define something you have no formal rational way of knowing that it exists. Neither can you really tell anyone else what it is. There is, in fact, no formal difference between inability to define and stupidity.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|Learn to... be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
Robert Michael Pyle, Sky Time in Gray's River: Living for Keeps in a Forgotten Place|Its vanished trees, the trees that had made way for Gatsby's house, had once pandered in whispers to the last and greatest of all human dreams; for a transitory enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent, compelled into an aesthetic contemplation he neither understood nor desired, face to face for the last time in history with something commensurate to his capacity for wonder.
Farzana Zahid, The Prince and The Fairy|She might not be cinderella to lose her shoe to find her prince or Rapunzel for that matter who will lift him up to set her free only to be lost in him, or Snow-white to be kissed and awakened by a Prince or any other princesses but yet she knows, she believes her destiny has a Prince in store for her - Her man. She would be his Princess and he would be her prince.
Angela N. Blount, Once Upon a Road Trip|As I looked and looked, the living face became visible in the dead, the young in the old. This is what must happen to old married couples, I thought: the young man is preserved in the old one for her, the beauty and grace of the young woman stay fresh in the old one for him.
Daniel Alarcón, Lost City Radio|Young poets are too apt to consider themselves “children of the mist” – they must dwell apart from men and contemn their kind, or they fear they shall be only taken for common-place characters. They forget that poetry is the language which speaks to all hearts—and that instead of cherishing the sacred fire as a lonely light, as one that burns in a charnel house, they should bring it forth in its beauty and brightness as a guide to the pleasant places and sparkling waters of earth’s happiness and the radiant messenger of heaven’s exalted hopes. And they should rejoice and be glad that to them the kindling of such high imagination is given. ~ Sarah Josepha Hale Ladies Magazine, November 1830From the Introduction to Cherishing the Sacred Fire
-Shandel Slaten|To show courage you must be in tune with your core values, understand your own fears and desires, committed to your integrity and tenacious in your ability to live it all in the face of oppostion.
Jose Rizal|You can't get rid of it with exercise alone. You can do the most vigorous exercise and only burn up 300 calories in an hour. If you've got fat on your body, the exercise firms and tones the muscles. But when you use that tape measure, what makes it bigger? It's the fat!
Susan C. Young|Being a keen observer, I would think to myself, who is approachable? Who is someone I'd like to know? Who is putting out welcoming vibes?
Stewart O'Nan, Songs for the Missing|There was a lot about Kim and J.P. he didn't get.... he was confused by their lack of romance. As a father, he was at times grateful for that missing intensity, but as a man who liked to surprise his wife with flowers, it baffled him. Maybe he was old-fashioned, but to him a couple meant a strong bond, with positive and negative charges constantly arcing between them. He'd never seen Kim and J.P. kiss, let alone argue.
Franz Kafka|L'éternité, c'est long ... surtout vers la fin.
litymunshi|Do you love me?" I ask.In your hesitation I found my answer.
Antonio Banderas|Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning.
Martin Prechtel, The Unlikely Peace at Cuchumaquic: The Parallel Lives of People as Plants: Keeping the Seeds Alive|Sometimes being vulnerable as a child is not knowing what lies ahead. We think our choices will make a huge difference in our lives because our parents and other elders spend so much time making sure we think before we act and make our minds up about what we want to be “when we grow up”. Some are already at that stage early on, some are not. We learn the ways of the world all in good time, but being vulnerable is to be human. We never stop.
Poppet, Aisyx|She looks at me with wide eyes, delight and joy evident, sitting forward, “They are dreaming? You watch dreams? Movie is dream?
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|Safe? What can be classified as safe? Everything we do in life has a risk. Just getting out of bed each morning can be dangerous. It's not a matter of what is safe, Cooper, it's a matter of what are you going to allow to hold you back." I look down at him over my shoulder and smile. "You going to let some squeaking metal hold you back?
Heber J. Grant|The very idea that you could have separation between mosque and state from Islam's perspective is the imposition on them of Christian practice. Islam doesn't really have a place for state. They are a universalistic faith like Christianity, but they think there is no country that bounds Islam.
Nancy Gibbs|'Operation Ajax' presents history in an entirely new way. It takes a true story and uses cutting-edge technology, never before used in this way, to bring it to spectacular life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Difficulties and adversities viciously force all their might on us and cause us to fall apart, but they are necessary elements of individual growth and reveal our true potential. We have got to endure and overcome them, and move forward. Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
Kat Lehmann|People are like books. Eventually, the focus shifts from the cover to the story that cannot be read in one sitting.
Dianne Duvall, Blade of Darkness|Aidan ducked his head, burying his face in the crook of her neck. “Damn, you feel good,” he whispered, his deep voice hoarse with need. It only excited her more. “What do you say we forget dinner and the movie?” she whispered, her breath shortening. “How you tempt me,” he rumbled, tightening his hold. “If I tempted you as much as you tempt me,” she pronounced boldly, “we would both be naked right now.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The sun, rising and setting in splendid colors, never grows tired of its admirers―much like a lady, aglow with grace, never grows tired of chivalrous acts or pretty flowers.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|No, the point of this story is that there are only a select few friends, past or present, that I would go to such lengths to stand by. That's what school really taught me: the enduring nature of friendship. How special it is to grow up and share a history with someone. As I've gotten older, friendships rooted in childhood feel even richer and more irreplaceable.
Beth Revis|I wrote a book. It sucked. I wrote nine more books. They sucked, too. Meanwhile, I read every single thing I could find on publishing and writing, went to conferences, joined professional organizations, hooked up with fellow writers in critique groups, and didn’t give up. Then I wrote one more book.
José Ortega y Gasset, On Love: Aspects of a Single Theme|Let others think what they like: for me, the culmination of life consists of a pure and subtly dramatic passion.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Even though life is difficult as times, you must understand that these challenges are not here to beat you, defeat you, or squash you like a bug. Life is not against you (even though it feels that way sometimes). Every single experience is in your life to serve your process of growth and learning. Every situation you experience serves that purpose and is ultimately for your good.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|I don't damsel well. Distress, I can do. Damseling? Not so much.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I wish for world peace, because it's about as likely to occur anything else I can wish for.
Angelica Hopes|True sense of humour and true, deep happiness never depend on the after effects of destructive vices
James S.A. Corey, Caliban's War|I don’t kill children,” she said. “Not even when it’s the right thing to do.
John Dewey, Democracy and Education|Nothing is more tragic than failure to discover one’s true business in life, or to find that one has drifted or been forced by circumstance into an uncongenial calling.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|NO. No no no. I don't want to screw you. I just love you. When did who you want to screw become the whole game? Since when is the person you want to screw the only person you get to love? It's so stupid, Tiny! I mean, Jesus, who even gives a fuck about sex?! People act like it's the most important thing humans do, but come on. How can our sentient fucking lives revolve around something slugs can do. I mean, who you want to screw and whether you screw them? Those are important questions, I guess. But they're not that important. You know what's important? Who would you die for? Who do you wake up at five forty-five in the morning for even though you don't even know why he needs you? Whose drunken nose would you pick?!
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|It is impossible for a dove to catch a swallow, for a clever man to catch a genius.
Joseph Campbell, Thou Art That: Transforming Religious Metaphor|When you have lived your individual life in your own adventurous way and then look back upon its course, you will find that you have lived a model human life, after all.
Honore de Balzac|I am favor of cutting taxes under any circumstances and for any excuse, for any reason, whenever it's possible.
W. Somerset Maugham|Virtue in a woman is like pepper in the soup. A little makes for a nice seasoning. Butoverdo it, and no one wants very much of you.
John Stoltenberg|Finally, the dirty little secret about sexual objectification is that it is an act that cannot be performed with any attention to its ethical meaning. Experientially —from the point of view of a man who is sexually objectifying—sexual objectification and ethical self awareness are mutually exclusive. A man cannot reflect on what he is doing and its real consequences for real people and at the same time fully accomplish the act of sexual objectifying. There's no way it can be done, because hos own subjective reality is too contingent upon the unreality of someone else. All that can be left "out there" in his field of awareness is the other person's sexedness—an abstract representation of a gender—in comparison with which his own sexedness may flourish and engorge. So it is that a man shuts off his capacity for ethical empathy—whatever capacity he may ever had—in order to commit an act of despersonalization that is "gratifying" essentially because it functions to fulfill his sense of an identity that is authentically male.
Shawna Lemay|Sometimes it’s only in the ecstasy of unrepressed movement that we may enter the stillness of our authentic selves. In such sacred moments, the world seems to be in step. This is why the idea of finding love across the dance floor endure — symbolizing that, when we know the true rhythm of our heart, we know the other.
Louis C.K., Untitled 1|Everything's amazing right now, and nobody's happy.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Not one idiot in a thousand has been entirely refractory to treatment, not one in a hundred has not been made more happy and healthy; more than thirty per cent have been taught to conform to social and moral law, and rendered capable of order, of good feeling, and of working like the third of a man; more than forty per cent have become capable of the ordinary transactions of life under friendly control, of understanding moral and social abstractions, of working like two-thirds of a man.
Lorato Mosimakoko|Be content with who you are, run your own race to the best of your abilities, God will take you to the finish line.
John Delaney|'Tis skill, not strength, that governs a ship.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Breaking childhood teachings is never easy, and in essence, they are like white noise that can sometimes stop us from listening to ourselves, or having to listen to ourselves.
Louis MacNeice|Prayer before BirthI am not yet born; O hear me.Let not the bloodsucking bat or the rat or the stoat or the club-footed ghoul come near me.I am not yet born, console me.I fear that the human race may with tall walls wall me, with strong drugs dope me, with wise lies lure me, on black racks rack me, in blood-baths roll me.I am not yet born; provide meWith water to dandle me, grass to grow for me, trees to talk to me, sky to sing to me, birds and a white light in the back of my mind to guide me.I am not yet born; forgive meFor the sins that in me the world shall commit, my words when they speak me, my thoughts when they think me, my treason engendered by traitors beyond me, my life when they murder by means of my hands, my death when they live me.I am not yet born; rehearse meIn the parts I must play and the cues I must take when old men lecture me, bureaucrats hector me, mountains frown at me, lovers laugh at me, the white waves call me to folly and the desert calls me to doom and the beggar refuses my gift and my children curse me.I am not yet born; O hear me,Let not the man who is beast or who thinks he is God come near me.I am not yet born; O fill meWith strength against those who would freeze my humanity, would dragoon me into a lethal automaton, would make me a cog in a machine, a thing with one face, a thing, and against all those who would dissipate my entirety, would blow me like thistledown hither and thither or hither and thither like water held in the hands would spill me.Let them not make me a stone and let them not spill me.Otherwise kill me.
Truman Capote, Summer Crossing|Yes: but aren't love and marriage notoriously synonymous in the minds of most women? Certainly very few men get the first without promising the second: love, that is--if it's just a matter of spreading her legs, almost any woman will do that for nothing.
J. Meredith Neil, To the White Clouds: Idaho's Conservation Saga, 1900-1970|A miracle is a violation of the laws of nature; and as a firm and unalterable experience has established these laws, the proof against a miracle, from the very nature of the fact, is as entire as any argument from experience as can be imagined.
Michael Lowenthal|As sneakily addictive as a game of Pong (which was named, we're told, after the narrator's dad), this zany zip-line of a novel takes the piss out of the Asian-American 'good immigrant' story. Full of charming antiheroes making comically bad choices, the story dazzles us with its absurdity, which makes its eventual wisdom--about lineage, ethnicity, and the meaning of family--all the more wonderfully surprising.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|The road to heaven isn’t much of a road,” he was saying. “It’s more like a dusty trail, roughly cut out through the underbrush. Most people don’t even notice it. It doesn’t look like a path at all, so they walk right by. Others see it, but don’t go down it because it’s ugly. Dirty. Difficult. Overgrown. If they took the road to heaven, their progress would be slow, maybe immeasurable. They’d have to give up a lot because the path is narrow.
Alister E. McGrath|Science proceeds by inference, rather than by the deduction of mathematical proof. A series of observations is accumulated, forcing the deeper question: What must be true if we are to explain what is observed? What "big picture" of reality offers the best fit to what is actually observed in our experience? American scientist and philosopher Charles S. Peirce used the term "abduction" to refer to the way in which scientists generate theories that might offer the best explanation of things. The method is now more often referred to as "inference to the best explanation." It is now widely agreed to be the philosophy of investigation of the world characteristic of the natural sciences.
Laurence Overmire, The One Idea That Saves The World: A Call to Conscience and A Call to Action|Being good or being evil is not something that is inherent in our nature over which we have no control, rather we define ourselves by the choices we make, moment by moment, situation by situation. All it takes is an act of will to be the best that we can be.
Karen Azinger, The Assassin's Tear|All his senses screamed in warning, the very air reeking of forbidden magic, but duty call him forward.
John S.C. Abbott, The Mother at Home|Unfortunately, we spend more time teaching our daughters how to avoid becoming rape victims than teaching our sons not to become rapists.
Austin Dragon, Thy Kingdom Fall|The folktale world is oriented positively toward its protagonist; a folktale is defined by the hero's triumph: magic weapons and helpers are, with the necessary narrative retardation, at his beck and call.
Ashley Graham|You are good enough to make whatever you want to achieve possible. You just need to find your talent and passion, then put a heck a lot of work into it.
Joel Edgerton|When I'm being funny, I try not to offend. I don't think much of what I've done has been in really ghastly taste. I don't think I have embarrassed many people or distressed them.
Olive Schreiner, Woman and Labor|I would like to say to the men and women of the generations which will come after us: you will look back at us with astonishment. You will wonder at passionate struggles that accomplished so little, at the, to you, obvious paths to attain our ends which we did not take. At the intolerable evils before which it will seem to you we sat down passive. At the great truths staring us in the face which we failed to see, at the great truths we grasped at but could not get our fingers quite 'round. You will marvel at the labour that ended in so little. But what you will never know that it was how we were thinking of you and for you that we struggled as we did and accomplished the little that we have done. That it was in the thought of your larger realization and fuller life that we have found consolation for the futilities of our own. All I aspire to be and was not, comforts me.
Anonymous|You see that girl over there? The one being picked on? Do you know whose fault it is that she's being picked on? Society. Just because she doesn't look and dress a certain way makes her different. Like how dare she be different?! No, how dare you pick on someone just because they aren't afraid to be different, just because they don't follow society's rules of what makes you 'perfect' and 'popular' It's pathetic because if she turned up to school tomorrow looking like a freaking super model straight from a magazine those people picking on her would be tripping over their f-ing feet to be her friend. Because that's just how society works.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|I kissed him until everything that hurt inside me melted into a pool of black water so deep I couldn’t touch the bottom. As long as I was touching him, I wouldn’t drown.
Shannon L. Alder|Vanishing cream for the mind, English writer Jeremiah Creedon calls it.It's beholding the mote in your brother's eye, says the Bible, while disregarding the beam in your own.Denial is refusing to listen to the voice that awakens you in the night and whispers, "You know, you really are an incredible jerk and you ought to do something abou
Where the Lilies Bloom film adaptation.|Our film industry, must cease portraying us as a nation of decayed values, fallen moralities and juju-obsessed people.
Darynda Jones|How hard can writing be? After all, most of the words are going to be 'and,' 'the,' and 'I,' and 'it,' and so on, and there's a huge number to choose from, so a lot of the work has been done for you.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|A simple man will have only what he needs, and he will know the difference between what he needs and what he wants. We feel that whatever we want, we desperately need. But before we possess the world, to our wide surprise we see that the world has already possessed us.
Neil Leckman|The Ph.D is one of the chosen who know that some things can never be fathomed, no matter how hard you try. What good are explanations? There is no possibility of explaining how such a work [Mozart's Requiem, in the instance] could ever have come into being. (The same holds true for certain poems, which should not be analyzed either.)
Godfrey Reggio|I remember my choir teacher in high school told me, 'When in doubt, sing loud.' I'm a terrible singer, but I always auditioned for the musicals, and would get cast in them because I really would just put it all out there. That was really good advice, and I think it works for everything, not just acting.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|There exist words of mediocrity, songs of mediocrity, and life lessons of mediocrity. Advice of mediocrity, books of mediocrity and companions of mediocrity also are available.One may also meet songs of purpose that make us ponder to wonder, advice filled with authority to dare. We may also hear life lessons that can challenge and change us. What do you listen to? If what you listen to will not make you, it will mar you.
David Vincent, Privacy: A Short History|We're all connected now, I think as I send it off into cyberspace. Everyone and everything.
James Campion Conway, The Vagabond King: A coming of age story|This is the fairytale of my life, the mythology of my existence, and, as I only have one story to tell, there is only one way to tell it. You may find it a little melodramatic at moments and you may not like who I was at times. But, princes frequently start out as frogs and, perhaps, by the time I reach my end, you will understand why. And so, as we all must have a beginning, a middle and an end, I will start at the beginning. Once upon a time...
Sarah J. Maas|Time seemed to stop; the world around them stilled. There was only her. His thumb caressed at her lips, the lips he wanted to kiss.Katianna rolled her face in his palm—a caressing nuzzle and he stilled, his breath froze in his chest.A response. A submissive one at that. His heart, stilled fractured by that single nuance, but his loins burst with a wave of warmth.A response—it had been a response. Oh fuck he had to kiss her. His whole body was screaming for her now.
Anne Perry, Half Moon Street|He was perfectly capable of looking after himself, although after his marriage he had lost the knack for it. He missed the comfort of all the small things Charlotte did for him,but these were nothing compared to the loneliness. There was no one to talk to, with whom to share his feelings, to laugh, or to simply speak of the day.And he missed the sound of the children's voices, giggling, their running footsteps, their incessant questions and demands for his attention or approval. No one interrupted to say "Look at me, Papa" or "What is this for?" or "What does this mean?" or the favorite "Why?" Peace was not peace anymore, it was simply silence.
Tom Robbins, Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates|Meditation,” said his teacher, “hasn’t got a damn thing to do with anything, ‘cause all it has to do with is nothing. Nothingness. Okay? It doesn’t develop the mind, it dissolves the mind. Self-improvement? Forget it, baby. It erases the self. Throws the ego out on its big brittle ass. What good is it? Good for nothing. Excellent for nothing. Yes, Lord, but when you get down to nothing, you get down to ultimate reality. It’s then and exactly then that you’re sensing the true nature of the universe, you’re linked up with the absolute Absolute, son, and unless you’re content with blowing smoke up your butt all your life, that there’s the only place to be.
Craig Ferguson|To be thrown onto the stand-up stage is an experience that you cannot fathom until you're actually there, because there's no place to go, and everyone is looking at you and you can't even see them because of the lights. And yet you have to manage to start talking and be funny on top of it.
Deborah Grace Staley, What The Heart Wants|The bigoted, the narrow minded, the stubborn, and the perpetually optimistic have all stopped learning.
Guy Vanderhaeghe, The Last Crossing|Have a selective optimistic sight, transform the bitch glitch "in stitches.
litymunshi|before destroying ,please create one same
Rossana Condoleo, Happy Divorce: How to turn your divorce into the most brilliant and rewarding opportunity of your life!|One of the most powerful opponents of happiness is indeed fear. Unfortunately, the chains that bind people to their comfortable mediocrity are the same ones that bind their future to an unsuccessful destiny. The courage to dream is the very first step. LISTENING TO YOUR DREAMS is the second!
Aubrey Moore, Butterfly Red Sky|We are but faint-hearted crusaders...our expeditions are but tours...half the walk is but retracing our steps. We should go forth on the shortest walks, perchance, in the spirit of stirring adventure, never to return, --prepared to send back our embalmed hearts only as relics to our desolate kingdoms...if you have paid your debts and made your will, and settled all your affairs, and are a free man, then you are ready for a walk.
Curtis LeMay|You can say battle or war or whatever, but in the end, it's music. It's not really violent in intent at all, it's really just about expression and celebrating that in itself.
Sextus Propertius|Vision is perhaps our greatest strength... it has kept us alive to the power and continuity of thought through the centuries, it makes us peer into the future and lends shape to the unknown.
Avijeet Das|The world is crazy about amassing guns, bombs and wealth of humongous proportions, but it will not give knowledge a second glance!
Gregory S. Cootsona, C. S. Lewis and the Crisis of a Christian|In conversion, God interferes with out lives. We relinquish autonomy. If we find the gospel message to be true, we need to surrender to God and change our lives. For that reason - whether or not the trilemma or some form of it works - many will still never assent that Jesus is God.
Firoz Thairinil|Profit is a by-product of success, focus on success not on profit.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|I don't know how many years it's been since I last slept with my husband. I was faithful, stupid and so awfully lonely that I'll gobble you up if you're nice to me. Or kill you because I can't bear it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.
Alberto Manguel, A Reader on Reading|...the Bush administration may, in future years, be remembered 'for bringing peace to the Middle East' (as Condoleezza Rice has pronounced). History may be the mother of truth, but it can also give birth to illegitimate children.
Sunday Adelaja|When our gospel promotes too much miracles, we are telling people that it is normal for them to expect something from nothing.
Henry David Thoreau|Anarchists did not try to carry out genocide against the Armenians in Turkey; they did not deliberately starve millions of Ukrainians; they did not create a system of death camps to kill Jews, gypsies, and Slavs in Europe; they did not fire-bomb scores of large German and Japanese cities and drop nuclear bombs on two of them; they did not carry out a ‘Great Leap Forward’ that killed scores of millions of Chinese; they did not attempt to kill everybody with any appreciable education in Cambodia; they did not launch one aggressive war after another; they did not implement trade sanctions that killed perhaps 500,000 Iraqi children.In debates between anarchists and statists, the burden of proof clearly should rest on those who place their trust in the state. Anarchy’s mayhem is wholly conjectural; the state’s mayhem is undeniably, factually horrendous.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sevin|We're traveling into the territory of I don't care. Let's not take that trip, hmm?"Arrogant. Mean. Still gorgeous.
Gilbert Alexandre|I must have confessed that the feelings, emotions and sentiments in my words are beyond my understanding.
Anna Belfrage|Writing makes me hard, like a fisherman, and brown from the heat. Tossing out and reeling in is a job for visionaries and those with calloused hands.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|If only customs were logical. If only the rules were as simple as "Don't do anything that will hurt others." If that were the only rule, I’d have at least a fifty percent chance of getting it right. I would, for example, ask myself whether saying the Rosary silently on the train would hurt others. The answer would be no and so I would say it. As it is, the reasons as to why something is right and something is not seem arbitrary.
György Lukács|From the ethical point of view, no one can escape responsibility with the excuse that he is only an individual, on whom the fate of the world does not depend. Not only can this not be known objectively for certain, because it is always possible that it will depend precisely on the individual, but this kind of thinking is also made impossible by the very essence of ethics, by conscience and the sense of responsibility.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|(D)reams are like that: they go in and out of memories and scenes, but they're never real. They're never real, and I hate them because they aren't.
Len G. Murray|What I am teaching is religiousness, a quality. Religion is a dead dogma, fixed principles, frozen fossils. What I am teaching to you is a living, flowing religiousness - an experience like love.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Popeye the Sailor Man has more cultural longevity. Only women and poofs read or write now. Otherwise, these days, no sooner has someone been sodomised by a close relative than they think they can write a memoir. The game’s up.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|You don't read Gatsby, I said, to learn whether adultery is good or bad but to learn about how complicated issues such as adultery and fidelity and marriage are. A great novel heightens your senses and sensitivity to the complexities of life and of individuals, and prevents you from the self-righteousness that sees morality in fixed formulas about good and evil.
Stephen King, Lisey's Story|She leaned out of the window slow and sleepy, and the light came through her nightdress like sand through a sieve.
M.F. Moonzajer|I was not frightened as they were, for the very violence of his threats showed how weak he was.
James Kavanaugh, There Are Men Too Gentle to Live Among Wolves|I saw my face todayAnd it looked older,Without the warmth of wisdomOr the softnessBorn of pain and waiting.The dreams were gone from my eyes,Hope lost in hollownessOn my cheeks,A finger of deathPulling at my jaws.So I did my push-upsAnd wondered if I'd ever find you,To see my faceWith friendlier eyes than mine.
Pamela Morris|Insanity runs in my family, but somehow we've always managed to track it down and catch it again.
Dave McKean, Cages|Oh, sheep. I've lost all my sobbing colours.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|Creation is not abandoned by God, it is not godless, for apart from God it would not be at all; it is not deprived of grace for it owes its existence to grace. Rather, creation is graced, it is holy; in creation God may be encountered.
Hermann Hesse, The Journey to the East|Despair is the result of each earnest attempt to go through life with virtue, justice and understanding, and to fulfill their requirements. Children live on one side of despair, the awakened on the other side.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|There you have it! - How they anticipate my wishes, how they grant friendship's little attentions, which are worth a thousand times more than breathtaking presents that merely prove the giver's vanity and humiliate us.
Deborah Harkness|I think it's interesting to have a cool character not look so cool, you know?
Andra and The Backbone|I ask again, and I want a better answer, WHAT are you!” He demanded.“I told you before, a human rises with the sun, but I rise with the moon. I am a mere immortal soul that feasts on your fears and flesh.”“Why won’t you answer my question correctly!
Malala Yousafzai|I'm not sure what the future holds but I do know that I'm going to be positive and not wake up feeling desperate. As my dad said 'Nic, it is what it is, it's not what it should have been, not what it could have been, it is what it is.'
Jay Grewal, A Slave to Want|When asked what gave her the strength and commitment to refuse segregation, (Rosa) Parks credited her mother and grandfather "for giving me the spirit of freedom... that I should not feel because of my race or color, inferior to any person. That I should do my very best to be a respectable person, to respect myself, to expect respect from others.
Thomas Sowell|Most of the people around me have a vested interest in how much money I make. You know, so a celebrity could find themselves in a position where people could have meetings about their life without them involved. And when I say 'their life' I mean not their professional life either. They could talk about their personal life.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|He pulled my head back further, and I could hear his ragged breathing as his mouth came close to my ear, sounding so desperate for me. God, I was turned on so much…
Leo Tolstoy|Since childhood at my mother's knee, I have believed in honor, ethics and right living as its own reward. I find a very small minority who agree with me on that premise.
Jennifer Brown, Torn Away|...But would that be enough? Because at the moment it felt like it could never be enough. People needed more than a place to stay, more than a porch to sleep on. They needed a home, right? They needed love.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|To love is to accept a soul entirely, not wishing that the person was otherwise, nor hoping for change, nor clinging to some ideal past. To love is to cherish the individual standing before you presently―charms, quirks, and all. To love is to give someone a piece of your heart that you will never, ever reclaim.
Alix Adale, Night is Magic|Why did you turn me?” she’d screamed in his face, close enough for saliva. “You didn’t know me. You didn’t owe me anything. I don’t deserve this. Why didn’t you leave me in the coma? Why didn’t you let me die?
Jim Yong Kim|We have to go to war against the people who enable the gun violence, the people who stop us from keeping guns out of the hands of mentally unstable people, of felons, and that means the NRA leadership.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|so many people who think they know only know what they don't know, as time passes by, they may get to know what they don't know and then they will know
Pope Paul VI, Sacrosanctum Concilium: Constitution on the Sacred Liturgy|The Church acknowledges Gregorian chant as specially suited to the Roman liturgy: therefore, other things being equal, it should be given pride of place in liturgical services. But other kinds of sacred music, especially polyphony, are by no means excluded from liturgical celebrations, so long as they accord with the spirit of the liturgical action.
Debasish Mridha|If you can begin with enthusiasm and confidence, you are half way to success.
Sierra Donovan, Do Not Open 'Til Christmas|What, Rudolph wasn’t available?
Zadie Smith|I have known many true connoisseurs, with excellent tastes that range across the humanities and the culinary arts--and they never fail to have a fatal effect on my self-esteem. When I find myself sitting at dinner next to someone who knows just as much about novels as I do but has somehow also found the mental space to adore and be knowledgeable about the opera, have strong opinions about the relative rankings of Renaissance painters, an encyclopedic knowledge of the English civil war, of French wines--I feel an anxiety that nudges beyond the envious into the existential. How did she find the time?
Theodor W. Adorno, Aesthetic Theory|Art is the social antithesis of society, not directly deducible from it.
Nina LaCour|Deciding to wait, Scott sat down with a pint away from the bar at a corner table and lit a cigarette. The clientele in there on Sunday afternoon were the same as most other afternoons. From middle-aged to old men, drinking and cursing at the world like it was the last bus which had just left the stop without them.
Baruch Spinoza|When I was a young boy, during the aftermath of World War II, Germany was broken and in ruins. Many people were hungry, sick, and dying. I remember well the humanitarian shipments of food and clothing that came from the Church in Salt Lake City.
Colleen Houck|I’m not the kind of man to bottle up my feelings, Kells. I don’t sit up in my room pining away, writing love poems. I’m not a dreamer. I’m a fighter. I’m a man of action, and it will take all of my self-control not to fight for this. When something needs to be done, I do it. When I feel something, I act on it. I don’t see any reason why Ren deserves to get the girl of his dreams and I don’t. It doesn’t seem fair that this happens to me twice.
Srividya Srinivasan|Far from such din, when blessed silence returns, I can listen to the butterflies that flutter inside my head. To hear them, one must be calm and pay close attention, for their wingbeats are barely audible. Loud breathing is enough to drown them out. This is astonishing: my hearing does not improve, yet I hear them better and better. I must have butterfly hearing.
Meat Loaf|Don't worry about the future, sooner or later it's the past. If they say the feeling's gone then it's time to take it back.
Reggie Oliver|Darkness is a strange thing — it is both infinite and confining; it holds you tight in its grasp, but it holds you suspended in a void. Silence operates in a similar way. Slowly the two combine to become a threat.("Come Into My Parlour")
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|you’ll find the buildings taller, thatthe halls are full of ghostsbut everything still here iswhat you remember most
Philip Yancey, What's So Amazing About Grace?|Change came from below, as it usually does, rather than being imposed from above.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|But you've always used words so wordily in crafty defense of your Trinity, although He never needed such defense before you got Him from me as a Unity.
Neil A. Maxwell|Replace a goal of obedience with one of connection and trust instead. Children are drawn to follow those to whom they are emotionally connected. By parenting not for obedience but for relationship, kids are naturally inclined to follow your lead.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|The thing about life is, you’ve got to somehow make it through the day. Don’t wait for the beautiful evening. Go on with your life. Of course, the beautiful evening will come. In fact, she’s on her way. And she’s coming to you as fast as she can. And dude, she’s beautiful.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|I cannot explain, nor must an artist defend his work or elucidate in such a way the reeling audience can fathom, brutes that they are.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|To be whole, we need to embrace bothintuition and logic.
Paul Di Filippo|I never got into things to be famous. Sometimes it's fun, sometimes it's annoying.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The First and Last Freedom|For all my wanderings, I'm ordinary. I came to terms long ago with my littleness. A man is what he is--he can't rise so much as an inch above his shortcomings--Horatio Alger be damned!
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Stop throwing away days, weeks, months, and years by simply day-dreaming about what you wish your life would be.
Dan Poblocki, The Ghost of Graylock|He expects us to kill him," Palomides said to Dinadan."Some people are so demanding," Dinadan replied. "Considering we've only just met, I mean.
Anonymous, The Bhagavad Gita|Perform all thy actions with mind concentrated on the Divine, renouncing attachment and looking upon success and failure with an equal eye. Spirituality implies equanimity.[Trans. Purohit Swami]
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas|This place is like the Army: the shark ethic prevails--eat the wounded. In a closed society where everybody's guilty, the only crime is getting caught. In a world of thieves, the only final sin is stupidity.
Melissa Cutler, Hot on the Hunt|Believe me, I knew you enjoyed it without voicing it that way. It was like your body screamed for me to take you."	All too true, but I didn't like it to be told aloud. I arched an eyebrow, something I couldn't do when sober. "I'm pretty sure if I put a hand on your crotch, you're sporting a boner. It works both ways.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|Theological discourses function in various ways as sites of contestation and resistance, of forming new religious and personal identities, and of building solidarities. Theological discourses that theologians produce, disseminate, and teach in academia are not simply objective interpretations and neutral reflections on the world and the church in it. Instead theological discourses are productions of and for the world and the church that we live in
Jason Jack Miller, The Devil and Preston Black|Preston Black couldn't sleep the whole night through, Preston Black couldn't sleep the whole night through. He'd lay in bed 'til the morning came, but the devil'd visit him just the same. Preston Black couldn't sleep the whole night through.
Todd Phillips|The attitude of physiological psychology to sensations and feelings, considered as psychical elements, is, naturally, the attitude of psychology at large.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Build a solid courage behind what you believe you can do. Your dreams may drift and fall, but when your courage is strong and still, you can’t shift; you’ll lift your dreams again!
Greg Gutfeld|I'm all about people that appreciate, that are grateful, that smile, that have a sense of humour - the dirtier the laugh, the better- that's my kind of vibe... and I hope that's the kind of thing that I attract.
John Kuypers|When you do what's important now for you, you create a past that leaves you ready to handle the present. By default, the future is taking care of itself as you make decisions that are acceptable to you no matter what happens tomorrow.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Sweat isn't a bad thing," he said, leaning his head against the wall thoughtfully. "Some of the best things in life happen while your sweating. Yeah, if you get too much of it and it gets old and stale, it turns pretty gross. But on a beautiful women? Intoxicating. If you could smell things like a vampire does, you'd know what I'm talking about. Most people mess it all up and drown themselves in perfume. Perfume can be good...especially if you get one that goes with your chemistry. But you only need a hint. Mix about 20 percent of that with 80 percent of your own perspiration...mmm." He tilted his head to the side and looked at me. "Dead sexy.
Maggie Gallagher|Suppliers and especially manufacturers have market power because they have information about a product or a service that the customer does not and cannot have, and does not need if he can trust the brand. This explains the profitability of brands.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|I still can't believe it . . . him comin' here everyday, nobody realizin'. Still, that's life: lotta stuff happens under the waterline.
Allen R. Hunt, Confessions of a Mega Church Pastor: How I Discovered the Hidden Treasures of the Catholic Church|When you suffer, you are being conformed to the image of Jesus. When you pray, you are being made holy in the image of Jesus. When you quietly serve a person in need, you are being shaped into the image of Jesus. When you generously give, your heart is being remade into the image of Jesus, our Lord and Savior.
Rachel L. Demeter, The Frost of Springtime|Let me have you in the most intimate ofways, let me give you a part of myself that no other man may touch.Make me yours forever.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|I must be in love with this woman, Sumire realized with a start. Nomistake about it. Ice is cold; roses are red; I'm in love. And thislove is about to carry me off somewhere. This current's toooverpowering; I don't have any choice. It may very well be a specialplace, some place I've never seen before. Danger may be lurkingthere, something that may end up wounding me deeply, fatally. I mightend up losing everything. But there's no turning back. I can only gowith the flow. Even if it means I'll be burned up, gone forever.
Julius Evola, Revolt Against the Modern World|When something really bad is going on in a culture, the average guy doesn’t see it. He can’t. He’s average. And is surrounded by and immersed in the cant and discourse of the status quo.
Andrew Loomis, Drawing the Head and Hands|No "knack" of drawing heads can compete with sound knowledge.
Sheri Webber, Dawn Rising|Dear God, he prayed irreverently, was her blouse even legal?
Todd Stocker, Leading from the Gut: 3 Power Principles of Effective Leaders|You are stronger, smarter and mmore powerful than you think.
Steve López|I like to read and write because it is the ONLY thing that takes my mind off of the real world and my spinning worries. It is a time I can be free of anxiety, worry, and stress. When my life gets hectic I HAVE to read and write or I'll drown.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Heavenly Father, I live my life for your glory.
Susanna Tamaro, Follow Your Heart|Unshed tears leave a deposit on your heart. Eventually they form a crust around it and paralyze it, the way mineral deposits paralyze a washing machine.
Philip Roth, Exit Ghost|What had happened in these ten years for there suddenly be so much to say — so much so pressing that it couldn’t wait to be said? Everywhere I walked, somebody was approaching me talking on a phone and someone was behind me talking on a phone. Inside the cars, the drivers were on the phone. When I took a taxi, the cabbie was on the phone. For one who frequently went without talking to anyone for days at a time, I had to wonder what that had previously held them up had collapsed in people to make incessant talking into a telephone preferable to walking about under no one’s surveillance, momentarily solitary, assimilating the streets through one’s animal senses and thinking the myriad thoughts that the activities of a city inspire. For me it made the streets appear comic and the people ridiculous. And yet it seemed like a real tragedy, too. To eradicate the experience of separation must inevitably have a dramatic effect. What will the consequence be? You know you can reach the other person anytime, and if you can't, you get impatient—impatient and angry like a stupid little god.
Jonathan Lynn & Anthony Jay, The Complete Yes Minister|I went on to explain that it is an honour, and also that we need a transport policy."If by 'we' you mean Britain, that's perfectly true," he acknowledged. "But if by 'we' you mean you and me and this Department, we need a transport policy like an aperture in the cranial cavity.
David Louden, Heroes of Hollywood Boulevard|They stood either side of him like haunting little genetic bookends. The one thing he’ll leave behind, two kids who called another man for help with their homework.
Martha N. Beck|My real feeling, the one I couldn't articulate yet, was that my entire life hinged on knowing that there were people who would continue to love me unconditionally, even if I were damaged, even if I were sick. Such love was the only thing that had sustained me during the turmoil of the past months. If I eliminated my child because of his disability, if I put him out of my life, I would be violating the only thing that was keeping me alive.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|And the thing about trying to cheat death is that, in the end, you still lose.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bee, though small, can still sting you; an elephant, though calm, can still trample you; a lion, though full, can still devour you.
Margaret Atwood, Dancing Girls|Everyone thinks writers must know more about the inside of the human head, but that's wrong. They know less, that's why they write. Trying to find out what everyone else takes for granted.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Lament is a cry of belief in a good God, a God who has His ear to our hearts, a God who transfigures the ugly into beauty. Complaint is the bitter howl of unbelief in any benevolent God in this moment, a distrust in the love-beat of the Father's heart.
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|Tom, how many children do you think I have to have before I figure out you get them by having sex?""Of course there would be protection," he offered."Tons of it.
Elizabeth Flock, Me & Emma|Says Momma: “I got handed lemons, too, y’know but I learned how to make lemonade with them… No one ever told me I had to add sugar but that’s life for you. It ain’t sweet.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|I’ve always said we can’t all experience everything, but we can all learn from each other’s experiences, making learning curves shorter and pitfalls avoidable.
David Sedaris|Don't you just love it when you're disciplining your kids and God whispers, "This is good. I hope you're listening so you can apply this same truth to your life.
Rob Manuel|I love a beautiful gown on stage, and luckily I've been fortunate to wear some amazing dresses.
Sheridan Jobbins, Wish You Were Here|You're safe, it's only change.
Bob Graham|I have had national security background, 10 years on the Intelligence Committee, the last two years as chair.
Joel Osteen|Money cannot buy peace of mind. It cannot heal ruptured relationships, or build meaning into a life that has none.
Mandy Hale|I think everything in life is art. What you do. How you dress. The way you love someone, and how you talk. Your smile and your personality. What you believe in, and all your dreams. The way you drink your tea. How you decorate your home. Or party. Your grocery list. The food you make. How your writing looks. And the way you feel. Life is art.
H.G. Wells, You Can't Be Too Careful|What can you expect from a stupid government? Anything good? Anything useful, anything clever? Anything just? No! You can expect nothing but stupidity, nothing but mistakes, nothing but injustices and tragedies! All a stupid government can do is to produce wrecks and debris!
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|How strange it is, to be walking away. Is it possible that I am really going to leave Ray—here? Is it possible that he won’t be coming home with me in another day or two, as we’d planned? Such a thought is too profound for me to grasp. It’s like fitting a large unwieldy object in a small space. My brain hurts, trying to contain it.
Lierre Keith, Deep Green Resistance: Strategy to Save the Planet|John Locke, called the Father of Liberalism, made the argument that the individual instead of the community was the foundation of society. He believed that government existed by the consent of the governed, not by divine right. But the reason government is necessary is to defend private property, to keep people from stealing from each other. This idea appealed to the wealthy for an obvious reason: they wanted to keep their wealth. From the perspective of the poor, things look decidedly different. The rich are able to accumulate wealth by taking the labor of the poor and by turning the commons into privately owned commodities; therefore, defending the accumulation of wealth in a system that has no other moral constraints is in effect defending theft, not protecting against it.
Mohit Manke|The more you hate, more you think about it, more you increase your own stress.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|There is no peace, I'm sorry to say. We find it. We lose it. We find it again. We lose it again.
Peter Robinson, Strange Affair|He saved me in so many ways. I didn't see it at first. He saved me from certain death. He's the scariest person I've ever met, but for some reason I felt safe with him. Now I'm just a fading star amongst all the bright ones...All I want is love and all I get is people trying to kill me and take away what peace I manage to find in between.
Taylor Swift|I have a great pack of female friends, but I also have a lot of guy friends. I believe that platonic relationship is entirely possible.
Arthur C. Clarke|The rash assertion that "God made man in His own image" is ticking like a time bomb at the foundation of many faiths.
Larry McMurtry|He is but as the stubble of the field, and yet he has no beard.
Brittany Butler, Hazed|I broke up with her to avoid getting into a serious relationship with her, and now it
Neal Barnard|I have been following a vegan diet now since the 1980s, and find it not only healthier, but also much more attractive than the chunks of meat that were on my plate as a child.
John Travolta|Anybody who has gone through a life-changing experience will tell you there is a different understanding of what is real and what is important, and when you are going through different moments, you can reflect and go, 'I have been through worse.'
Taya Kyle|You've got to find a way to relate to people. I just did an improvised episode for Joe Swanberg's new Netflix show, 'Easy,' and it was a huge learning curve for me and taught me so much about fear and courage. But when you're present in the moment, the audience, it's incomparable.
Tanzy Sayadi, Write like no one is reading 2|Let me love you, he saidI want to mould that broken heart,To feel the pain the others before I have caused,Walk down the darkness that you walked through,Understand how something so broken can be so beautiful,I need to understand how you manifested.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|You'll forget it when you're dead, and so will I. When I'm dead, I'm going to forget everything–and I advise you to do the same.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|The highest form of morality is not to feel at home in ones own home." Most great works of the imagination were meant to make you feel like a stranger in your own home. The best fiction always forced us to question what we took for granted. It questioned traditions and expectations when they seemed too immutable. I told my students I wanted them in their readings to consider in what ways these works unsettled them, made them a little uneasy, made them look around and consider the world, like Alice in Wonderland, through different eyes.
Steven Ramirez, Tell Me When I'm Dead|‘There’s no time for right or wrong,’ I said.
Val McDermid|To understand Jesus Christ, you must know the Language of Heaven.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|You haven't seen for yourself, what I saw in your eyes.
Vera Nazarian, Dreams of the Compass Rose|All stories have a curious and even dangerous power. They are manifestations of truth -- yours and mine. And truth is all at once the most wonderful yet terrifying thing in the world, which makes it nearly impossible to handle. It is such a great responsibility that it's best not to tell a story at all unless you know you can do it right. You must be very careful, or without knowing it you can change the world.
Christina Romer|If Obama wanted to make radical changes to America's health long-term, all he has to do is treble the price of sugar and salt.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Some days are harder than others, but I am ready to live each one of them. I can't sacrifice myself, this time.
Octavio Paz, The Blue Bouquet|Contentedly sat the old woman. Soon now, the sea would hold no terrors, and the blinds wouldn't have to be down, nor the windows shut; she would even be able to walk along the shore at midnight as of old; and they, whom she had deserted so long ago, would once more shrink from the irresistable energy aura of her new, young body.The sound of the sea came to her, where she sat so quietly; calm sound at first, almost gentle in the soft sibilation of each wave thrust. Farther out, the voices of the water were louder, more raucous, blatantly confident, but the meaning of what they said was blurred by the distance, a dim, clamorous confusion that rustled discordantly out of the gathering night.Night!She shouldn't be aware of night falling, when the blinds were drawn.("The Witch")
Sherry Argov, Why Men Love Bitches: From Doormat to Dreamgirl—A Woman's Guide to Holding Her Own in a Relationship|If she is clearly right, find fault with her that has nothing to do with the incident, and use that.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|The process of life, towards the whole truth can only be covered, by absolutely dropping yourself. You can only merge into the whole, if you prepare to lose yourself.
Alan Gregg|Every secret of a writer's soul, every experience of his life, every quality of his mind is written large in his works.
Anonymous|You didn't happen to install Windows when you upgraded me, did you?
Christina Baker Kline, A Piece of the World|In any case, it seems to me that all over the world people nowadays prefer to judge rather than to understand, to answer rather than to ask, so that the voice of the novel can hardly be heard over the noisy foolishness of human certainties.
Debra Holland, Mail-Order Brides of the West: Bertha: A Montana Sky Novella|A large man with wild blond hair gripped hr horse’s reins, drawing her steed to a stop.	“Welcome to hell.” Though he presented a jovial grin, his words shot straight to her gut.	“Enough, Murdoch,” Sylvi said in a warning tone.	The man shrugged his shoulders. “Ach, I’m just toying with the new lasses. “I’ll no’ be here long to share my winning personality.
Alyson Noel, Night Star|Our past may shape us, but it doesn't define us.
Avijeet Das|He: I have this crazy yearning in my heart, to make you mine.She: Sure, go ahead and make me your bad habit!
Kirsten Olson, Wounded by School: Recapturing the Joy in Learning and Standing Up to Old School Culture|The middle class and upper middle class are highly attached to the institution of school explicitly as a sorting mechanism, as a way of justifying privileges of which middle-class members are already central beneficiaries. These critics suggest that the entire notion of schools as meritocracies actually reifies and reinforces class privilege--making those whom school rewards (those who already have a lot of benefits) feel they deserve the privileges they have.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|I swear that each of us keeps, battened down inside himself, a sort of lunatic giant - impossible socially, but full-scale - and that it's the knockings and baterrings we sometimes hear in each other that keeps our intercourse from utter banaility.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|If we are to wield great magic, then let us learn from great teachers: the alchemists -- magicians par excellence.
William Faulkner|The next time you try to seduce anyone, don't do it with talk, with words. Women know more about words than men ever will. And they know how little they can ever possibly mean.
Joe Meno, How the Hula Girl Sings|removed an inch long section. She almost called Dr. Sears, but
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|Article 191. Everyone shall have the right to hold opinions without interference.2. Everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression; this right shall include freedom to seek, receive and impart information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing or in print, in the form of art, or through any other media of his choice.3. The exercise of the rights provided for in paragraph 2 of this article carries with it special duties and responsibilities. It may therefore be subject to certain restrictions, but these shall only be such as are provided by law and are necessary:(a) For respect of the rights or reputations of others;(b) For the protection of national security or of public order (ordre public), or of public health or morals.
Abigail George, Feeding The Beasts|Oh wondrous,' murmured Lin Chung. 'Oh, water, mistress of earth, valley spirit, eternal feminine!''Taoism again?' Phryne leaned close to hear what he was whispering.'From the "Tao Te Ching." The old Master should have seen this. All made by water, the female, cold, moon principle.''Yin,' said Phryne. 'This is the womb of the earth.''Indeed.' He took her hand. 'Completely foreign to all male, hot, sun creatures.''Like you?''Like me. Yang can only admire and tremble.''Come along.' She led him into the centre of the huge space. 'We don't want to get lost in the earthmother's insides.
Charles Spurgeon|If you believe in prayer at all, expect God to hear you. If you do not expect, you will not have. God will not hear you unless you believe He will hear you; but if you believe He will, He will be as good as your faith.
Julien Smith, The Flinch|The truth is that judgment and fear will never stop, but they don't actually do anything.
G.S. Jennsen, Vertigo|So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future.
Angela Johnson|I think he was especially happy because I used to kiss this boy in the neighborhood a lot when I wasvery little, and even though the psychiatrist said it was very natural for little boys and girls to explorethings like that, I think my father was afraid anyway. I guess that's natural, but I'm not sure why.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|For the last few centuries, these jeweled fruits have been my constant and sole companions. The greatest treasure in all the world, as comfortless as light to the blind.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|You must learn to tell worry from thought and thought from prayer. Sometimes a light will go from your life, and a thought becomes a prayer til you are strong enough to stand under the weight of your own thought again.
Kelly Moran, Redemption|My mother may no longer be (if she ever was) a mast to which I can rope myself. But I fear the loss of Lesley. Without her observance, and her sturdy presence, I would feel windblown.
Nikola Tesla, My Inventions|Invention is the most important product of man's creative brain. The ultimate purpose is the complete mastery of mind over the material world, the harnessing of human nature to human needs.
Erin Kellison, Fire Kissed|The trouble with being an angel on Earth was that he was still a man. He got hungry. He thirsted. His lungs clamored without the draw of air. And for this woman, the only one in a thousand years, his body and soul ached. The trick was to will his mind, and ignore the Earthly sensations, as he'd done so many times with pain and trouble. Desire was no different, a call of the flesh. He could divide himself-acknowledge the lust and act on intellect. But see, the trouble with being an angel was that he was still a man.
Shannon L. Alder|You can't be tempted, unless you want what is tempting you.
David R. Smock, Interfaith Dialogue and Peacebuilding|One of the biggest challenges for people involved in interfaith dialogue is to break down the stereotypes of the "other" that exist within their own religious traditions and groups. Religious groups need to first acknowledge and confess their own role in fostering and contributing to injustice and conflict. (by Cilliers, Ch. 3, p. 49)
Danielle Monsch, Stone Embrace: A Stone Guardian After-Scene|Do I seem one who will not defend myself? You are her father, so I will make myself clear. Any who seek her harm I will kill. I will rip into them with claw and teeth and separate skin from bone from heart. An enemy, a friends, from within either of our Clans - it does not matter.
Nicholas Sparks|No doubt, a father he is the most respected man in our lives, the most admired person. He is the protector, and the guardian of our lives.
Amy Jacobson, A Ride of a Lifetime|Maybe before you start flirting with boys and kissing boys and trying to date boys, you should know who you are and where you stand.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|As if this great outburst of anger had purged all my ills, killed all my hopes, I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world- and finding it so much like myself, in fact so fraternal, I realized that I’d been happy, and that I was still happy. For the final consummation and for me to feel less lonely, my last wish was that there should be a crowd of spectators at my execution and that they should greet me with cries of hatred.
Ron Starbuck, When Angels Are Born|Love well, laugh often and live well for Christ.
Ruth Rendell, A Judgement in Stone|Some say life is the thing, but I prefer reading.
Tess Gerritsen, Last to Die|I'm an expert at finding out secrets, but keeping them- especially a secret of this magnitude - is something else.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|She smiled, and said, “Take care that the voice of God and the Devil sound one in the same in the desert. Trust your instincts. You were not put on this earth to be naïve, blindly optimistic, or passive; you are here to be vigilant, to survive.
Ann Aguirre, Doubleblind|Ultimately, if people lose their willingness to recognize that there are times in our history when legality becomes distinct from morality, we aren't just ceding control of our rights to government, but our agency in determining our futures.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Then his tears came once more, and feeling cold he went into his dressing-room to look for something to throw around his shoulders. But he had lost control of his hand so that it moved like a brainless creature and completely failed to carry out the small mathematical operation which consisted, because the inside of the wardrobe was dark, in fumbling a way through the different velvets, silks and satins of his mother's outmoded dresses which, since she had given up wearing them, for many years, she had put away in this piece of furniture, until it could feel the wooden jamb, far back, which separated these garments from his own, and, on reaching the second rough-surfaced coat, to take it from the hanger from which it depended. Instead, it tore down the first piece of fabric it encountered. This happened to be a black velvet coat, trimmed with braid, and lined with cherry-coloured satin and ermine, which, mauled by the violence of his attack, he pulled into the room like a young maiden whom a conqueror has seized and dragged behind him by the hair. In just such a way did Jean now brandish it, but even before his eyes had sent their message to his brain, he was aware of an indefinable fragrance in the velvet, a fragrance that had greeted him when, at ten years old, he had run to kiss his mother—in those days still young, still brilliant and still happy—when she was all dressed up and ready to go out, and flung his arms about her waist, the velvet crushed within his hand, the braid tickling his cheeks, while his lips, pressed to her forehead, breathed in the glittering sense of all the happiness she seemed to hold in keeping for him.
Morley Callaghan, Such Is My Beloved|You can count the bruises on your heart easily enough, but numbering sins is a far tricker matter. Men are eternally forgetting for their benefit. They leave it to the World to remeber, and to the Outside to call them to harsh accout. One hundred Heavens . . . for one thousand Hells.
J. William Fulbright|If you have been vaccinated for polio, mumps, measles, chicken pox, hepatitis, or rabies, it may be too late for you to stand your ethical ground: You have already benefited from fetal-tissue research. This is, after all, a practice that's been legal since the 1930s.
Lisa Renee Jones, Being Me|I was Mrs. Taylor yesterday.” I grin at Taylor, who flushes.“That has a nice ring to it, Miss Steele,” Taylor says matter-of-factly.“I thought so, too.”Christian tightens his hold on my hand, scowling. “If you two have quite finished, I’d like a debrief.” He glares at Taylor, who now looks uncomfortable, and I cringe inwardly. I have overstepped the mark.“Sorry,” I mouth at Taylor, who shrugs and smiles kindly before I turn to follow Christian.“I’ll be with you shortly. I just want a word with Miss Steele,” Christian says to Taylor, and I know I’m in trouble.Christian leads me into his bedroom and closes the door.“Don’t flirt with the staff, Anastasia,” he scolds.I open my mouth to defend myself—then close it again, then open it. “I wasn’t flirting. I was being friendly—there is a difference.”“Don’t be friendly with the staff or flirt with them. I don’t like it.”Oh. Good-bye, carefree Christian. “I’m sorry,” I mutter and stare down at my fingers. He hasn’t made me feel like a child all day. Reaching down he cups my chin, pulling my head up to meet his eyes.“You know how jealous I am,” he whispers.“You have no reason to be jealous, Christian. You own me body and soul.
VIRGIL PROFEANU|Knowledge makes us stronger, but power is not supersede by it (knowledge). Vulnerable is power without knowledge. Impracticable is knowledge without power
André Aciman|How historians explain time is one thing, but how we live time is quite another.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you want something badly enough, it does not matter whether it is going to be easy. The passion will push you forward.
Marvin Simkin|Democracy is not freedom. Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to eat for lunch. Freedom comes from the recognition of certain rights which may not be taken, not even by a 99% vote.
Brad Pitt|Like all best families, we have our share of eccentricities, of impetuous and wayward youngsters and of family disagreements.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|Women should be respected as well! Generally speaking, men are held in great esteem in all parts of the world, so why shouldn't women have their share? Soldiers and war heroes are honored and commemorated, explorers are granted immortal fame, martyrs are revered, but how many people look upon women too as soldiers?...Women, who struggle and suffer pain to ensure the continuation of the human race, make much tougher and more courageous soldiers than all those big-mouthed freedom-fighting heroes put together!
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|In the days after my heart attack & before I began to write again, all I could think about was dying. I'd been spared again, and only after the danger had passed did I allow my thoughts to unravel to their inevitable end. I imagined all the ways I could go. Blood clot to the brain. Infarction. Thrombosis. Pneumonia. Grand mal obstruction to the vena cava. I saw myself foaming at the mouth, writhing on the floor. I'd wake up in the night, gripping my throat. And yet. No matter how often I imagined the possible failure of my organs, I found the consequence inconceivable. That it could happen to me. I forced myself to picture the last moments. The penultimate breath. A final sigh. And yet. It was always followed by another.
Ivan Illich, Energy and Equity|Energy has a way of dissipating, you know; what can be done when you're eleven can often never be done again.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|They used a hard vocabulary to contain the terrible softness. Greased they'd say. Offed, lit up, zapped while zipping. It wasn't cruelty, just stage presence. They were actors. When someone died, it wasn't quite dying, because in a curious way it seemed scripted, and because they had their lives mostly memorized, irony mixed with tragedy, and because they called it by other names, as if to encyst and destroy the reality of death itself.
Ronald J. Sider, Rich Christians in an Age of Hunger: Moving from Affluence to Generosity|God's Word teaches a very hard, disturbing truth. Those who neglect the poor and the oppressed are really not God's people at all—no matter how frequently they practice their religious rituals nor how orthodox are their creeds and confessions.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|Some people believe that to find happiness, you should live each day of your life as if it's your last because that way you will appreciate every single moment you have. Other people believe that you should live each day as if it's your first because then every day can be the beginning of a new journey.
José Martí, Versos Sencillos: Simple Verses|Cultivo una rosa blanca,En julio como en enero,Para el amigo sinceroQue me da su mano franca.Y para el cruel que me arrancaEl corazon con que vivo,Cardo ni oruga cultivoCultivo una rosa blanca.I have a white rose to tendIn July as in January;I give it to the true friendWho offers his frank hand to me.And to the cruel one whose blowsBreak the heart by which I live,Thistle nor thorn do I give:For him, too, I have a white rose.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|The storms come and go, the waves crash overhead, the big fish eat the little fish, and I keep on paddling. (Varys)
Stephen King, Song of Susannah|We know already ample experience that it does not require much cleverness or much learning to be a governor, for there are a hundred round about us that scarcely know how to read.
Ouida|Woman's fatal weakness is to desire sympathy and comprehension.--"Wanda
christopher evan|At least if you don’t ask,I don’t have to lie.I’ve spent most of the pastfew months asleep on the bathroom floor;sick of keeping everything in,too tired to let it out.“Home” is such an empty word.I’m not sure why it feltwhole coming from your mouth.I’m not sure why I feltwhole. We both know I’m just an ideato carve into sheetrockwith swollen fists;leaving worn out holes thatyour heart never fit.I try not to wake up,but my body is used to(everyone leaving)routines.
Ernest Rutherford|When you receive God's love and encouragement, it will empower you to do more than you ever thought possible.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|A major challenge of this movement is to do the work that will create more humane, habitable environments for people in prison without bolstering the permanence of the prison system. How, then, do we accomplish this balancing act of passionately attending to the needs of prisoners- calling for less violent conditions, an end to state sexual assault, improved physical and mental health care, greater access to drug programs, better educational work opportunities, unionization of prison labor, more connections with families and communities, shorter or alternative sentencing- and at the same time call for alternatives to sentencing altogether, no more prison construction, and abolitionist strategies that question the place of prison in our future?
P. Chidambaram|Our kids are actually doing what we told them to do when they sit in front of that TV all day or in front of that computer game all day. The society is telling kids unconsciously that nature's in the past. It really doesn't count anymore, that the future is in electronics, and besides, the bogeyman is in the woods.
Mark Cuban|I was very afraid of failure because if you fail at something you love, then you ruin what you love.
John Gray|If our family was an airline, Mom was the hub and we were the spokes. You rarely went anywhere nonstop; you went via Mom, who directed the traffic flow and determined the priorities: which family member was cleared for takeoff or landing. Even my father was not immune to Mom's scheduling, though he was given more leeway than the rest of us.
Kate Kerrigan, Recipes for a Perfect Marriage|The looming storm broke in the end. And it is the storm I will remember, the sound of the downpour splattering over the steps of the Tuileries, the dark sky and the pink lightning. I could have stayed like that for centuries.
Victoria Scott, The Liberator|Lilith opened the shutters and allowed herself to bathe in the bright moonlight, as it shone across the Highland Glen.
Anonymous|Despite the mountain of gold that has been built downtown, Los Angeles remains vulnerable to the same explosive convergence of street anger, poverty, environmental crisis, and capital flight that made the early 1990s its worth crisis period since the early Depression.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|The Perfect Person's Rule of Life:The perfect person does not only try to avoid evil. Nor does he do good for fear of punishment, still less in order to qualify for the hope of a promised reward.The perfect person does good through love.His actions are not motivated by desire for personal benefit, so he does not have personal advantage as his aim. But as soon as he has realized the beauty of doing good, he does it with all his energies and in all that he does.He is not interested in fame, or a good reputation, or a human or divine reward.The rule of life for a perfect person is to be in the image and likeness of God.
Philippa Gregory, The Lady of the Rivers|I have an acute sense of delicacy. Naturally I am prejudiced in favour of virtue.("The Accursed Cordonnier")
Max Brooks, The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead|Trust yourself. You’ve survived a lot, and you’ll survive whatever is coming.
Alexander Hamilton|Adapt or perish, now as ever, is nature's inexorable imperative.
Michelle Yeoh|I guess as long as people think of me for different ages, I'll trust their opinion. I remember noticing one year that Michelle Monaghan played 34 and 19, so I've kind of clung to that as my justification that I can be Jake Gyllenhaal's wife and a freshman in college in the same year.
David Hoffmeister, Unwind Your Mind Back to God:  Experiencing A Course in Miracles|It seems like every day you have to deal with problems, interpersonal problems, survival, and so on and so forth. But you only have one problem and there is one solution to that problem. Isn’t that nice to think it is so simple? If there is such a thing as truth, it will be simple – one problem and one solution. If I perceive the problem to be in the world, it cannot be solved because the Holy Spirit is the one answer to that one problem and the Holy Spirit is in the mind. God did not place the answer where the problem was not. He did not place the answer out on the screen. He did not place the answer in the world; he placed the answer in the mind of the sleeping Son. And that is where the Holy Spirit is.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|Mind emerges from matter and life at an empirical level, but at a transcendental level every form or structure is necessarily also a form or structure disclosed by consciousness. With this reversal one passes from the natural attitude of the scientist to the transcendental phenomenological attitude (which, according to phenomenology, is the properly philosophical attitude).
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|If someone does not believe in fairies, he does not need to teach his children 'There are no fairies'; he can omit to teach them the word 'fairy'.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I mean, if the relationship can't survive the long term, why on earth would it be worth my time and energy for the short term?
Stephen King, It|He thought that fat boys were probably only allowed to love pretty girls inside. If he told anyone how he felt (not that he had anyone to tell), that person would probably laugh until he had a heart-attack.
Debasish Mridha|Today, take a dive in a beautiful, calm, tranquil lake of peace.
Holt Clarke, The Sword of Eden|There are, in places, fallen angelswho in their iniquity and desolationlinger like a stranger on a foggy night,sustained by the misdeeds of city-dwellersand spurred on by bitter hatredfor their bright kin moving past them.
Stanley Hoffmann, World Disorders: Troubled Peace in the Post-Cold War Era|Statesmen should remember that they have been elected to persuade and to lead, and not just to accept as fixed the momentary moods and pernicious prejudices of the public.
Claudius|Answer, yeah I know it... We were for little period of time texting nothing else... no friendship is available as a feature but you are talking about relationship and marriage are you right with your mind?
Deyth Banger|The reader who is only superficially familiar with Caribbean affairs may find the materials of this volume strange. The extent to which violence, both open and covert, is a constant factor in the life of the region may cause surprise. The incongruous and rather unreal quality of many events, whether fanciful or farcical in appearance, may also prove unexpected. If the reader is inclined to doubt the authenticity of certain events, viewing them as too implausible to be true, he may be assured that many things even more strange, which are possibly and even probably true, have been omitted because their accuracy could not be satisfactorily established. Nothing is included here that does not come from sources considered sound. Nothing is included that has not been subjected to every possible verification.
Katy Kauffman, 2 Timothy: Winning the Victory|An ever-growing, ever-constant relationship with God makes us certain of what we believe and enables us to run with endurance.
Blaise Cendrars|What are all the thoughts rattling in your mind when you're not listening to the answers to questions you ask?" -Jo, Boom
W.B. Yeats|This is the book, then , and the book of Shakespeare. And every day you must read a page of each to your child--even though you yourself do not understand what is written down and cannot sound the words properly. You must do this that the child will grow up knowing of what is great---knowing that these tenements of Williamsburg are not the whole world."Katie: " The Protestant Bible and Shakespeare.
Khaled Hosseini|I love my wife dearly, and, therefore, I've never cooked a meal, romantic or otherwise, for her.
K.L. Kreig, Surrendering|It’s best if we just keep this casual and sleeping together after sex isn’t casual. At least not to me.""You’re right. Sleeping together after sex does complicate casual. You’re anything but casual, Kate. I want you and I always get what I want.
Gwenn Wright, Filter|Maybe love, unfathomable love, was too much for people, so they had traded it for something easier.
Roberto Bolaño, Between Parentheses: Essays, Articles, and Speeches, 1998-2003|I try to find the books that I lost or forgot more than 30 years ago on another continent, with the hope and dedication and bitterness of those who search for their first lost books, books that if found I wouldn't read anyway, because I've already read them over and over, but that I would look at and touch just as the miser strokes the coins under which he's buried...Books are like ghosts
Matthew Hay Brown|She fantasized sometimes too about killing him a little: a little poison in his pudding, a little flick-flick-flick with a fillet knife at his throat.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Whenever I wish to pay my respect to you, my middle finger says, it must first.
Booker T. Washington|In my contact with people I find that, as a rule, it is only the little, narrow people who live for themselves, who never read good books, who do not travel, who never open up their souls in a way to permit them to come into contact with other souls -- with the great outside world. No man whose vision is bounded by colour can come into contact with what is highest and best in the world. In meeting men, in many places, I have found that the happiest people are those who do the most for others; the most miserable are those who do the least. I have also found that few things, if any, are capable of making one so blind and narrow as race prejudice. I often say to our students, in the course of my talks to them on Sunday evenings in the chapel, that the longer I live and the more experience I have of the world, the more I am convinced that, after all, the one thing that is most worth living for -- and dying for, if need be -- is the opportunity of making some one else more happy and more useful.
George Hammond|It is the nature of creation, no one cares how much you are good or bad, just get famous, they all will walk after you.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|It's like we act as a mirror for the environment, or to a broader aspect, the universe.
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|I shan't mind if you don't," he agreed. "But I'll not let you go, Prudence. Til not pester you, but know this: I will wait until you choose to listen to your heart.""Pshaw." It was a feeble effort. She took a deep breath and tried again. "Humbug! How can you presume to know my heart?"He smiled a slow, devastating smile. "You are my heart." He lifted her hand and kissed it. "And our hearts beat in tune. I know it—I, who used not to believe in such things. And you know it.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When you start a fire, be to windward of it. Do not attack from the leeward.
Craig Siegel, Righteous Might: One Man's Journey Through War in the Pacific|And there was something else that came through loud and clear. Something I saw in Leonard’s eyes sometimes when he was remembering those times. Whether they openly share their experiences with us, or keep them buried deep inside, these men all have a profound and overriding sense of pride that they accepted the challenge and they did the difficult and dirty job that absolutely had to be done.
Chitralekha Paul, Delayed Monsoon|In the name of being social, we learn to ignore our natural instinct.Society keeps dictating do's and don'ts which we keep obeying day in and day out.
Thomas à Kempis|A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I felt like I was being carried over the threshold of a sisterhood of loss. I knew I was not walking alone, and that eventually I would bob back up to the surface of the deep, because the women around me showed me what healing looks like.
N.K. Jemisin, The Broken Kingdoms|You're very lucky... Friends are precious, powerful things - hard to earn, harder still to keep. You should thank this one for taking a chance on you.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|...if in the heat of the dispute he insists and asks, 'Am I not the master of throwing myself out of the window?' I shall answer him, no; that whilst he preserves his reason there is no probability that the desire of proving his free agency, will become a motive sufficiently powerful to make him sacrifice his life to the attempt: if, notwithstanding this, to prove he is a free agent, he should actually precipitate himself from the window, it would not be a sufficient warranty to conclude he acted freely, but rather that it was the violence of his temperament which spurred him on to this folly. Madness is a state, that depends upon the heat of the blood, not upon the will. A fanatic or a hero, braves death as necessarily as a more phlegmatic man or a coward flies from it.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Borders of Infinity|And I realize the unbearable anguish of insanity: how uninformed people can be thinking insane people are "happy," O God, in fact it was Irwin Garden once warned me not to think the madhouses are full of "happy nuts." (p. 200)
Florence Kelley|I like working with actresses, and I like women a lot, not for obvious reasons, but just in that that there's so much about what they bring to the scene that keeps it so interesting. Their instincts are so different, and they never explain them to you.
Grant Morrison|May in Varanasi. 25° and wet. It's like the 6th circle of the inferno here, Edith - where they flail the arses off the howling heretics and the men who fuck marine life etc. NATO's stomping on the Balkans while India and Pakistan threaten one another with nukes. "Dead From the Waist Down" on MTV. The humidity's making me horny and mad. I miss Robin. In his new book, Ken Wilbur calls it "skin hunger". I feel like I'm building up a charge. Monsoon's on its way.
Kate Griffin|A small child being dragged to bed peered curiously at me as it passed, then waved. We waved back, not being entirely sure how else to respond to small creatures like that.
Brynn Myers, Entasy|You really should play with someone your own size, you know.
John Patrick Shanley, Doubt|Father Brendan Flynn: "A woman was gossiping with her friend about a man whom they hardly knew - I know none of you have ever done this. That night, she had a dream: a great hand appeared over her and pointed down on her. She was immediately seized with an overwhelming sense of guilt. The next day she went to confession. She got the old parish priest, Father O' Rourke, and she told him the whole thing. 'Is gossiping a sin?' she asked the old man. 'Was that God All Mighty's hand pointing down at me? Should I ask for your absolution? Father, have I done something wrong?' 'Yes,' Father O' Rourke answered her. 'Yes, you ignorant, badly-brought-up female. You have blamed false witness on your neighbor. You played fast and loose with his reputation, and you should be heartily ashamed.' So, the woman said she was sorry, and asked for forgiveness. 'Not so fast,' says O' Rourke. 'I want you to go home, take a pillow upon your roof, cut it open with a knife, and return here to me.' So, the woman went home: took a pillow off her bed, a knife from the drawer, went up the fire escape to her roof, and stabbed the pillow. Then she went back to the old parish priest as instructed. 'Did you gut the pillow with a knife?' he says. 'Yes, Father.' 'And what were the results?' 'Feathers,' she said. 'Feathers?' he repeated. 'Feathers; everywhere, Father.' 'Now I want you to go back and gather up every last feather that flew out onto the wind,' 'Well,' she said, 'it can't be done. I don't know where they went. The wind took them all over.' 'And that,' said Father O' Rourke, 'is gossip!
Brian Tracy|Never complain, never explain. Resist the temptation to defend yourself or make excuses.
Joseph Abboud|One thing I was thinking about is that they probably get their come-uppance about the same percentage that people in real life do. Basically, stealing for all practical purposes might as well be legal in New York.
Nikhil Shrivastava, Because You Need This!|What must I say, that you don’t know on your own?
Richard Diaz|And of course the World needs more love, but we need to be clear on what form that love will take. Sometimes love requires killing its object, to put it out of its misery or protect others. Sometimes love requires incarcerating its object to protect it or others. Sometimes love requires taxing and regulating its objects to protect and serve them. Sometimes love requires helping its object to help itself. Sometimes love requires giving its object a gift. But all of these are aspects of love, not merely the last, most popular example. I send love too, and my love takes many forms. My love varies with its objects. Yes, the World needs much more love.
Keeley Hawes|If I get the forty additional years statisticians say are likely coming to me, I could fit in at least one, maybe two new lifetimes. Sad that only one of those lifetimes can include being the mother of young children.
Emily Skrutskie, The Abyss Surrounds Us|Yatima found verself gazing at a red-tinged cluster of pulsing organic parts, a translucent confusion of fluids and tissue. Sections divided, dissolved, reorganised. It looked like a flesher embryo – though not quite a realist portrait. The imaging technique kept changing, revealing different structures: Yatima saw hints of delicate limbs and organs caught in slices of transmitted dark; a stark silhouette of bones in an X-ray flash; the finely branched network of the nervous system bursting into view as a filigreed shadow, shrinking from myelin to lipids to a scatter of vesicled neurotransmitters against a radio-frequency MRI chirp. There were two bodies now. Twins? One was larger, though – sometimes much larger. The two kept changing places, twisting around each other, shrinking or growing in stroboscopic leaps while the wavelengths of the image stuttered across the spectrum.One flesher child was turning into a creature of glass, nerves and blood vessels vitrifying into optical fibres. A sudden, startling white-light image showed living, breathing Siamese twins, impossibly transected to expose raw pink and grey muscles working side by side with shape-memory alloys and piezoelectric actuators, flesher and gleisner anatomies interpenetrating. The scene spun and morphed into a lone robot child in a flesher's womb; spun again to show a luminous map of a citizen's mind embedded in the same woman's brain; zoomed out to place her, curled, in a cocoon of optical and electronic cables. Then a swarm of nanomachines burst through her skin, and everything scattered into a cloud of grey dust.Two flesher children walked side by side, hand in hand. Or father and son, gleisner and flesher, citizen and gleisner... Yatima gave up trying to pin them down, and let the impressions flow through ver. The figures strode calmly along a city's main street, while towers rose and crumbled around them, jungle and desert advanced and retreated.The artwork, unbidden, sent Yatima's viewpoint wheeling around the figures. Ve saw them exchanging glances, touches, kisses – and blows, awkwardly, their right arms fused at the wrists. Making peace and melting together. The smaller lifting the larger on to vis shoulders – then the passenger's height flowing down to the bearer like an hourglass's sand.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Stop acting so small, you are as big as the universe!!!!!!!!
Jonathan Tropper, This is Where I Leave You|We read off the ancient Hebrew words, with no idea of what they might mean, and the congregation responds with more words that they don't understand either. We are gathered together on a Saturday morning to speak gibberish to each other, and you would think, in these godless times, that the experience would be empty, but somehow it isn't. The five of us, huddled together shoulder to shoulder over the bima, read the words aloud slowly, and the congregation, these old friends and acquaintances and strangers, all respond, and for reasons I can't begin to articulate, it feels like something is actually happening. It's got nothing to do with God or souls, just the palpable sense of goodwill and support emanating in waves from the pews around us, and I can't help but be moved by it. When we reach the end of the page, and the last "amen" has been said, I'm sorry that' it's over. I could stay up here a while longer. And as we step down to make our way back to the pews, a quick survey of the sadness in my family's wet eyes tells me that I'm not the only one who feels that way. I don't feel any closer to my father than I did before, but for a moment there I was comforted, and that's more than I expected.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|Perhaps what distinguishes my characters is their courage and spirit and a certain stubbornness which enables them to keep going even when facing a setback. I think this developed organically as I wrote, but also it came out of a desire to portray women as powerful and intelligent forces in the world.
Cressida Cowell, How to Break a Dragon's Heart|The past haunts the present in more ways than we think. It certainly scares the living daylights out of ME"~ Old Wrinkly
Ellen F. Davis, Getting Involved with God: Rediscovering the Old Testament|As Christians, we are all engaged in the business of discerning and obeying God’s call, and this usually means that soon enough we find ourselves out beyond our own competence, frightened at what God demands and feeling cosmically abandoned, left in the lurch with a job for which our own resources are completely inadequate…Sooner or later, the panic touches each one of us who accepts God’s call and heads, eyes wide open, straight into some difficult and mysterious work—like pastoring a church, teaching a class, going back to school, learning a language, creating a work of art. The panic descends on everyone who accepts God’s call to do something that engages our heart and wracks our soul—like making a marriage proper through better and worse, raising a child and letting her go into adulthood, enduring a terrible illness, growing up, growing old. In fact, being called out far beyond our own competence is part of our regular experience with God.
David Graeber, The Utopia of Rules: On Technology, Stupidity, and the Secret Joys of Bureaucracy|In order to remain undead, I must steal the life force of someone whose fate matters less to me than my own.' I've always supposed that Wall Street traders utter essentially the same sentence.
Kristen J. Duca, Ultimate Nanny: How to Find, Interview, and Manage the Most Important Person You Will Ever Hire -- Your Child's Nanny|When we raise our children to Shine, the future becomes brighter!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Prayer is knowing that what I ask for is always far bigger than what I could ever articulate, but it is never too big for God to understand nor is it ever too vast for Him to deliver.
Steven Wright|So I figured I'd leave the area, because I had no ties there anyway except for this girl I was seeing. We had conflicting attitudes: I really wasn't into meditating and she wasn't really into being alive. I told her I knew when I was going to die because my birth certificate has an expiration date.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Even if one, two, some, or all senses and faculties fail to function, the heart still beats. Even if the eyes are blind, the heart still can see and feel through the love. Even if the ears fail to listen, the heart can still hear the whisperings of love. It is the heart that must be open at all times, to give love and to receive love. All we have to do is listen with our hearts.
Deyth Banger|You like the comfort, don't ya?You wanna be there... wanna and gonna aren't nigga words so far... you are very bad at judging so far all people will be in prison because of you.... No matter...>!~
Knute Berger|Liberals and conservatives tend to view the economy in purely materialistic terms. They make growth, security, and prosperity ends in themselves. They exalt enlightened self-interest. They tell us that productive work is the fundamental source of human dignity.But for Christians, (Greg) Forster insists, the materialistic view is a lie. The modern economic man is prone to workaholism, Envy, greed, anxiety, and a host of other ills. The great task for Christians is to become, broadly speaking, innovative entrepreneurs: people who are not only more productive in their work then there would be leaving neighbors, but also more creative, generous, honest, and humane.
Paula Fox, The Slave Dancer|Even though we are peripheral to the slavery, our action is necessary to overcome a horrific evil.
Kelly Bryson, Don't Be Nice, Be Real: Balancing Passion for Self with Compassion for Others|When you use your energy and resources to punish people, you run out of energy and resources to protect people.
G.K. Chesterton, The Innocence of Father Brown|I mean that we here are on the wrong side of the tapestry,' answered Father Brown. 'The things that happen here do not seem to mean anything; they mean something somewhere else. Somewhere else retribution will come on the real offender. Here it often seems to fall on the wrong person.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever pray, shall have a pure thought.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that the most beautiful of people are like exquisite serpents— glorious sheen, glorious patterns and elaborate grace— but you do wrong to cast envy upon them, lest you want to also taste of the venom they carry in their mouthes! Beauty is so often born from adversity of circumstance, like the lotus born of the mud, reaching up through the water and into the light! I often wake up from dreams of being underwater, I suppose I am a lotus flower that has made her way! But you do wrong to envy the lotus blossom, for you know not of her journey! Not all of us are serpents and lotus flowers, not all of us are beautiful like that; too many people just sit there, ignorantly casting envy on what they do not even comprehend!
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|We were of thirteen minds, like a tree, in which there is one Red-tail and eleven squirrel parts.
R. David Lankes|If you are a leader or someone who works for the interest of a community, first make sure that you understand the interest of the people who make up that community. In this way, you will have a good chance of minimizing, perhaps, avoiding the us versus them mentality.
Colleen Hoover|In a 1999 paper, Reiner indicates that his data show "that with time and age, children may well know what their gender is, regardless of any and all information and child-rearing to the contrary. They seem to be quite capable of telling us who they are, and we can observe how they act and function even before they tell us.
Paul Singer|We write in ways that, we generally hope, reflect real life, or at least look familiar to humans. And in life, recurring themes are a recurring theme. We never quite conquer a pet vice or a relationship pattern or a communication habit. We're haunted by our particular demons.
George Scialabba|[If there was] certainty that an acute episode [of depression] will last only a week, a month, even a year, it would change everything. It would still be a ghastly ordeal, but the worst thing about it — the incessant yearning for death, the compulsion toward suicide — would drop away. But no, a limited depression, a depression with hope, is a contradiction. The experience of convulsive pain, along with the conviction that it will never end except in death — that is the definition of a severe depression.
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|Run, Torak! The bear...is...possessed...
Alexander Shulgin, Pihkal: A Chemical Love Story|How he could be a good user of LSD," I asked, "And know about the spiritual dimension - all that sort of thing - and still be a crook? I don't understand.""Then it's time you did. Psychedelic drugs don't change you - they don't change you character - unless you want to be changed. They enable change; they can't impose it...
Michka Assayas|But I'd be in big trouble if Karma was going to finally be my judge. I'd be in deep shit. It doesn't excuse my mistakes, but I'm holding out for Grace. I'm holding out that Jesus took my sins onto the Cross, because I know who I am, and I hope I don't have to depend on my own religiosity.
Ouida|There are wrongs for which religion makes no provision, and of which it has no comprehension.--"Wanda
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|I may be deemed superstitious, and even egotistical, in regarding this event as a special interposition of divine Providence in my favor. But I should be false to the earlierst sentiments of my soul, if I suppressed the opinion. I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and incur my own abhorrence. From my earliest recollection, I date the entertainment of a deep conviction that slavery would not always be able to hold me within its foul embrace; and in the darkest hours of my career in slavery, this living word of faith and spirit of hope departed not from me, but remained like ministering angels to cheer me through the gloom. This good spirit was from God, and to him I offer thanksgiving and praise.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|[On writing Jeeves and Wooster stories]:You tell yourself that you can take Jeeves stories or leave them alone, that one more can't possibly hurt you, because you know you can pull up whenever you feel like it, but it is merely wish-full thinking. The craving has gripped you and there is no resisting it.You have passed the point of no return.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The more money you spend on guns, the less money you spend on people! More weapons, less happiness; more guns, more misery!
Debasish Mridha|Deep in my heart, an unsung song longs to know when my footsteps will not paint the shoreline of this beautiful sandy beach. Will anyone remember me and sing my unsung song along the waves and feel the breeze with love?
William Billings|Thus there is an ancient Christian tradition, from Augustine to John Paul II, which has believed and argued that sexual difference is significant. With varying degrees of explicitness, the greatest theologians in the Christian West have been relatively cohesive on the point that sexual difference, which enables biological procreation and which humans share with animals, has more than physical and animal significance.	To synthesize, based on the material we have examined in this book, I propose the following theological significance for sexual difference: The same God whom we know in Christ has, in his goodness, created us as male and female. To be male or female, then, is to be blessed, for it is to be something that is good. To be this sexually differentiated creature is to be something that will be redeemed, and redeemed as it was made and not as some other creature; in other words, sexual difference is not something human beings should attempt to ignore or deplore. Sexual difference is something humans should embrace and welcome, for to do that is to honor creation and anticipate redemption. Such a way of life, to which Christ calls all human beings, means to love the neighbor and enable the neighbor to be what he or she is meant to be in the sexual sphere.
Laura Goode, Sister Mischief|This is an unbearable kiss, unbearable, unreal, unimaginable.” - Esme from Sister Mischief
Tommy Lasorda|Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot.
Robert Buettner, Overkill|Good Samaritans: Truth, justice and the American way–for them it wasn't only a comic book code; it was a way of life. it was admirable, courageous, and inconvenient as shit. -Stefan, CHIMERA
Anthony Riches, Arrows of Fury|The Hamians!'The centurion‟s voice was little better than a squeak. Julius snorted his disdain.'What about the Hamians? Useless bow-waving women. All they‟re good for is hunting game. There‟s a war on, in case you hadn‟t noticed. We need infantrymen, big lads withspears and shields to strengthen our line. Archers are no bloody use in an infantry cohort.'He raised his meaty fist. 'No, mate, you‟re going to get what‟s coming your way.'The other man gabbled desperately, staring helplessly at the poised fist.'There‟s two centuries of them, two centuries. Take them and the Tungrians and that‟s two hundred and fifty men.'Marcus spoke, having stood quietly in the background so far.'So we could make a century of the best of them, dump the rest on the Second Cohort when we catch up with them and take back the century he sold them in return.'Julius turned his head to look at the younger man, keeping the transit officer clamped inplace with seemingly effortless strength.'Are you mad? There won‟t be a decent man among them. They‟ll be arse-poking,make-up-wearing faggots, the lot of them. All those easterners are, it‟s in the blood. They‟ll mince round the camp holding hands and tossing each other off in the bathhouse.
Cecelia Ahern, P.S. I Love You|Shoot for the moon, even if you fail, you'll land among the stars
Wendy Beckett, Sister Wendy's Meditations on Joy|Although we cannot command it, we choose joy, making a deliberate commitment to happiness (essentially another word for peace).
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|I am the Vampire Lestat. I'm immortal more or less. The light of the sun, the sustained heat of an intense fire-these things might destroy me. But then again, they might not.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend|Please don’t hate you??!! I hate that I love you. Loving you made me waste a year of my life. Lovingyou made me be passionate about nothing but you. Loving you made me take risks I never would haveotherwise. Loving you made me give it up to you. Loving you made me neglect my parents and Amy.Loving you made me not care that my grandma just died. Loving you made me turn out bitter andhopeless like her. Loving you made me hate myself for being dumped by you. Loving you made medeluded, irrational, inconsiderate, and a liar. And because I love you, you’re always going to haunt me.
Brian MacLearn|If love is like driving a car, then I must be the worst driver in the world. I missed all the signs and ended up lost.
Carrie Ryan|It's not about surviving. It should be about love. When you know love...that's what makes this life worth it. When you live with it everyday. Wake up with it, hold on to it during the thunder and after a nightmare. When love is your refuge from the death that surrounds us all and when it fills you so tight that you can't express it.
Jonathan Tropper, One Last Thing Before I Go|Do you know the difference between an error and a mistake, Ensign?" 'No, sir.' "Anyone can make an error, Ensign. But that error doesn't become a mistake until you refuse to correct it.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|I was a schizophrenic, not a damn invalid.
Matthew Henry, Matthew Henry's Commentary on the Whole Bible|Prayer is a salve for every sore, even the sorest, a remedy for every malady, even the most grievous.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|When you leave where God is sending you to somewhere else, your star will varnish. A lesson to learn here....don't go to Herod's house when you are looking for Jesus.
Robert Griffin III|Creativity is putting your imagination to work, and it's produced the most extraordinary results in human culture.
Eddie  Capparucci|When you're emotionally, physically, mentally or spiritually drained, bad things happen. - From the Book: Removing Your Shame Label.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Learning to think beyond a single dimension, look beyond the surface, love more than one color and enjoy the world of differences.
Jonathan Haidt|I like to travel in jeans because I don't want to wallow around in my suit, you know? They cost too much. Jeans are comfortable.
Leo Buscaglia|True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.
Roger Lancelyn Green, King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table|The big knight fell heavily to the ground, and lay there, as nearly dead as possible. His servants came running from the castle and took him in. He got better in the end, but nobody cared much about that.
Beth Ditto|Happiness is not that easy to achieve, but having a handsome husband, a beautiful baby, and a great job helps.
Katie Reus, Saved by Darkness|Typically, I prefer to gag my own men. I'd never considered having them delivered to me that way.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|If there were no life beyond this earth-life, some people I have known would gain immortality by the nobility of our memory of them. With every friend I love who has been taken into the brown bosom of the earth a part of me has been buried there; but their contribution of happiness, strength, and understanding to my being remains to sustain me in an altered world.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Whilst you can be a stepping stone to help others succeed, you are not a dirty mat to be abused by others.
Colin A. Ross, The C.I.A. Doctors: Human Rights Violations by American Psychiatrists|Sometime rhetoric was just another way to lie and impress persons, and he knew this
C. JoyBell C.|I hope I don't write TOO many books! When I look at authors who have written too many books, I wonder to myself "When did they live?" I certainly want to write BECAUSE I live! I know I don't want to write in order to live! My writing is an overflow of the wine glass of my life, not a basin in which I wash out my ideals and expectations.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|If animals could speak, the dog would be a blundering outspoken fellow; but the cat would have the rare grace of never saying a word too much.
Naomi Wolf, Promiscuities|The anthropologist Margaret Mead concluded in 1948, after observing seven different ethnic groups in the Pacific Islands, that different cultures made different forms of female sexual experience seem normal and desirable. The capacity for orgasm in women, she found, is a learned response, which a given culture can help or can fail to help its women to develop. Mead believed that a woman's sexual fulfillment, and the positive meaning of her sexuality in her own mind, depend upon three factors:1: She must live in a culture that recognizes female desire as being of value;2: Her culture must allow her to understand her sexual anatomy;3: And her culture must teach the various sexual skills that give women orgasms.
Thomas McClellan, Orrleth|There was still a bit of sunshine in the sky, not that it mattered. High treetops and reaching branches entombed us from above in a dark coffin. It was still in the afternoon. We had time to gather things together for camp, but the choked rays that permeated the living casket were sputtering their last bits of life. — Tyrus Savage narration from ORRLETH, Volume One of the Orrleth Young Adult Fantasy Paranormal Series
Ufuoma Apoki|Keep living the best you could possibly offer life. You might not literally change the world if that's your original dream, but you would change, inspire, and make a difference in one person's world with the best of your world. Then you'd realize the truth that, one is too many.That, my dear, is the right step in the direction of changing the world.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Lack can greatly be the reasons for our conscious and unconscious steps in life. Mind what you lack, move for what is a must and be happy with what you have!
Jeremy Bentham|Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|If you are not innovating, you are deteriorating.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have two eyes,but the discerning have three.You have two ears,but the wise have four.You have two hands,but the enlightened have five.
Richard Halliburton, Richard Halliburton: His Story of His Life's Adventure|No, there's going to be no even tenor with me. The more uneven it is the happier I shall be. And when my time comes to die, I'll be able to die happy, for I will have done and seen and heard and experienced all the joy, pain, thrills — every emotion that any human ever had — and I'll be especially happy if I am spared a stupid, common death in bed.” ― Richard Halliburton
Clifford Geertz, The Interpretation of Cultures|Whiteness is not a culture. There is Irish culture and Italian culture and American culture - the latter, as Albert Murray pointed out, a mixture of the Yankee, the Indian, and the Negro (with a pinch of ethnic salt); there is youth culture and drug culture and queer culture; but there is no such thing as white culture. Whiteness has nothing to do with culture and everything to do with social position. It is nothing but a reflection of privilege, and exists for no reason other than to defend it. Without the privileges attached to it, the white race would not exist, and the white skin would have no more social significance than big feet.
Christopher Hitchens|Orwell's short and intense life has for years borne witness to some of those verities of which we were already aware. Parties and churches and states cannot be honest, but individuals can. Real books cannot be written by machines or committees. The truth is not always easy to discern, but a lie can and must be called by its right name. And the imagination, like certain wild animals, as Orwell himself once put it, will not breed in captivity. Actually, that last metaphor is beautiful but inaccurate. Even in the most dire conditions, there is a human will to resist coercion. We must believe that even now in North Korea, there are ideas alive inside human brains that were not put there by any authority.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The Sun has no chance to be nobody and that is the punishment for being a sun! If you can be nobody just like a humble tree in a silent forest, you can find the happiness too!
Milton Friedman|The genuine values in America arose from rational thought and breaking with tradition, not from blind allegiance to dirt and cloth.
Mervyn Peake, Collected Poems|I, while the gods laugh, the world's vortex am;Maelström of passions in that hidden seaWhose waves of all-time lap the coasts of me;And in small compass the dark waters cram.
Ana Ortega|Technology offers great communication tools. Social media helps make connections. And, heart to heart conversations take place face to face and not over email, Whatsup, Facebook or Twitter. Don't be deceived.
Charles Barkley|Dr. King's famous 'I Have a Dream' speech was delivered at 'The March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom,' a call to justice beyond the traditional civil rights movement's focus.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|There are endless ways to thank the people who have contributed to your life. Dole out thanks, and your life will bloom.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I have faith that all is well, that all good things come to me in Divine timing. I can relax and surrender to the truth that I am divinely guided and cared for.
Richard Feynman|I know the Lord has a plan for us all, but sometimes, I just don't understand what the message can be.
Suresh Menon - The Best of Indian Sports Writing|This message is brought to you by the BCBS [Booty Call Broadcasting System]. If you are back in town, get your wet ass over here." (The Hook Up, 42%)
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|It was a beautiful summer afternoon, at that delicious period of the year when summer has just burst forth from the growth of spring; when the summer is yet but three days old, and all the various shades of green which nature can put forth are still in their unsoiled purity of freshness.
Émile Durkheim|If no set of moral ideas were truer or better than any other, there would be no sense in preferring civilised morality to savage morality.
David G. McAfee, Mom, Dad, I'm an Atheist: The Guide to Coming Out as a Non-Believer|Science could potentially do a better job explaining the meaning of life if scientists devise experiments that can weed out the best answers from the worst. The principle difference between religion and science is as follows: the religious make stuff up to explain what they don't understand. Scientists do the same, but scientists run their ideas through a very rigorous filter that consists of logic, experimentation and peer review. Such a filter eliminates the worst ideas and preserves the best.So if a scientist answers the question, "What is the meaning of life," his answer, at the very worst, is no less valid than an answer that comes from the highest witchdoctor or priest.
Lauren Oliver|She clasped his hands and pressed her lips to them. 'I want you to be proud of me,' he repeated. She dropped his hands, feeling defeated.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|When I wear her clothes, I just feel safer, like she's whispering in my ear.
Valerie Sinason, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|Those of us who work in the field of trauma and abuse, whether psychologists, psychoanalysts, social workers, doctors, counselors, or psychotherapists, have been provided with beautiful tools for understanding the impact of trauma. We become adept at understanding the dynamic of why the messenger is always shot and broadcast the Bionic insight of why the visionary is not bearable to the group.However, when it comes to military mind control, abuse within religious belief groups or cults, and deliberately created dissociative identity disorder, we enter the least resourced field of all.
Raphael Zernoff|In knowing you I, discovered my self.
Shari Arison|I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling.
Bill Nye|Looking down the road, space exploration and the benefits it yields - in medicine and information technology - should not be overlooked.
Deyth Banger|Probably I share a lot of stuff I haven't count them exactly but probably you understand the few. Why???Let me guess that you don't understand horror you take it like horror nothing else, I can tell you horror isn't really a horror. It's a lesson, but can you find it in this puzzle?? Or riddle?
Adolf Loos|Painting, sculpture and architecture are finished, but the art habit continues.
Peter Maass, Love Thy Neighbor: A Story of War|The conflict of theories, leading, as it eventually must, to the survival of the fittest, is advantageous.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Gamperaliya|It was not to flaunt feelings of superiority that the elders of the Kaisaruwatte family clung to the traditions of their patrician lineage, but for self-preservation of themseleves and their way of life, now declining in the face of social change. It was their inability to adapt to change due to the rigidity of their adherence to tradition, that was also the cause of their decline.
Sunday Adelaja|If a child is roughly treated and not respected and not shown love, the child will have problems with self-esteem
Yogi Berra|If you don't know where you are going,you'll end up someplace else.
Sandhya Jane, Second Spring|If you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt. Once we cross the deepest part of hurt, it doesn’t hurt anymore. You become part of the eternal journey of love… no hurt, no worries, and one just prays for the wellbeing of other person —that’s true love for you. Innumerable poets and philosophers throughout history have tried to figure it out— partially or incompletely. Love is a destined journey.
Mitch Albom, The Time Keeper|The scariest thing about death is not dying, it's the uncertainty of what happens after
H.L. Sudler, Return to Summerville|The sound of running footsteps made them all start. Then the refectory door opened and the round, freckled face of Sister Belinda appeared. She was breathing heavily, and her veil was crooked, showing short tufts of red hair sprouting around her glowing face like unruly weeds in a parched garden.“Excuse me, Mother, Sisters,” she said. “But there is a police car waiting at the gate and what looks like the Black Maria behind it. Also, another car approaching from the farm and a uniformed constable coming in via the beach path. It would appear that the filth have us surrounded.
Stathis Kouvelakis, Philosophy and Revolution: From Kant to Marx|But when you talk about destruction, don't you know that you can count me out.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|Any act would be forgiven him, but the act itself would remain; what he would leave in the world would be the shame and hurt he forced upon others. This could not be.
Shannen Wrass|Animals, birds, and fish confirm Your power and Your existence.
Benjamin ndayishimiye|(...) I'm not much of anything, (...) besides bored and boring, punctuated by fits of scant self-amusement. And you are ...?
Unknown|If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop diggin
Arthur Miller|Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
Charon Lloyd-Roberts, Putsch: Volume I Chapter Sampler|OTHER lives may find their happiest moments infiltrated with tragedy, and their proudest touched with comedy. This had almost invariably been true of mine. My proudest hour found me, the newly elected president of the United Nations, perched atop three thick New York City telephone books given me in lieu of a cushion that I might see and be seen by the delegates below the podium.
Jerry Bridges, Transforming Grace: Living Confidently in God's Unfailing Love|Bereavement, despair, ache, yearning happen to all. We all bear the pain of grief. We all take them in our own ways. And we are all blessed with the grace to transcend. (Page xii)
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Rain is Love, Love is Bliss, Bliss is Blessing.
Luke Davies, Candy|...patriarchy, hierarchy, and capitalism create, encourage, maintain, and perpetuate addiction and dependency. Patriarchy and hierarchy are based on domination and subordination, which result in fear. This fear is expressed by the dominators through control and violence, and in subordinated people through passivity and repression of anger. The external conflict of hierarchy between dominants and subordinates becomes internalized in individuals, creating personal inner chaos, anxiety and duality. To quell the inner conflict people resort to addictive substances and behavior.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life is a collection of memories and feelings. Mawkish sentimentally urges us to engage in artistic overtures, we yearn to share with other people a melody of rudimentary experiences and respond to a stabilizing tune strung together with a shared ethos. We walk in parallel strides with our brethren seeking out equivalent affirmations of our being. We long to shout out to the world that we once walked this earth; we seek to leave in our wake traces of our pithy habitation. Our unfilled longing propels us into committing senseless acts of self-sabotage and then we desperately seek redemption from our slippery selves by building monuments to the human spirit. We employ a bewildering blend of conscious and unconscious materials to construct synoptic testaments to our temporal existence. We labor on the canvas of our choosing to scrawl our inimitable mark, fanatically toiling to escape a sentence of total obliteration along with our impending mortality.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Silly words, silly words, silly awful hurting words.
Brian Kolodiejchuk, Mother Teresa: Come Be My Light: The Private Writings of the Saint of Calcutta|For the first time in this 11 years--I have come to love the darkness--for I believe now that it is a part, a very, very small part of Jesus' dakness and pain on earth. You have taught me to accept it [as] a "spiritual side of 'your work'"... (Mother Teresa, quoated in Kolodiejchuk, p. 208).
Matsuri Hino|That's why for you, you have the right to be cruel to me. No matter how much you make me worry or how much danger you put me in, just as much as you like. But these are not enough 'compensation.' Even if I have to sacrifice my left over life for you, I would not utter a word of complaint.
Valerie Rickel|Gratitude, the ability to count your blessings, is the ultimate way to connect with the heart.
Abhijit Naskar|True religion must raise to work at the bar and the bench, on the couch and on the streets, in the cottage of the poor man and in the penthouse of the entrepreneur, with the fisherman that is catching fish and with the students that are studying.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Your art…” I gaped at the field of white. “There was a lovely portrait of me—right there.”I get offended whenever art is damaged, especially if that art features me.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde|Give the narrative a lighter tone than you think it deserves, dear boy, lighter than you think you can bear to give it," he instructed before I began to write, "because you won't find the truth of life in morbidity, only in hope.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|And don't tell me debt is not a big deal. Debt will cut off your legs and laugh at you as you grovel in the dirt begging for mercy. If you don't need it, don't get it. If you can't afford it, don't get it. If you're already in debt, get out quickly. If you think you'll never get out, you're right, you won't.
Paul Monette, Becoming a Man: Half a Life Story|Guns' aka Luke Gunner had a record as long as my cock. Believe me, it was impressive." ~Lloyd Ledbetter
Amanda Lovelace, The Princess Saves Herself in this One|I shivered again, remembering. I put the tip of one finger to my tongue. It tasted sharp—like vinegar, like blood.Like money.
Virginia Alison|Where dreams may take you fathoms deep within the soul of the forest. Mists close in around your feathered visions, floating phantoms of days gone by, and days to come, their twirling tendrils tempting your thoughts blossom with the unbound less love and passion you hide within.....
John Richard Stephens, Hawai'i Bathroom Book, The|Short guys with attitudes always just kind of made me laugh, like small, yippy dogs.
Gustave Geyer|‎The stars are like the trees. Each one reminds us that we should still the greed in our heart. Each tree, each star, teaches us the ways of peace.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|Oh, sometimes it's just easier to please people," Maria said finally.
Stephen Bannon|When it comes to matters of pro sports, politics or palate, disparate sides claim their party, team and cola to be superior.
Ryan Galloway, Biome|Tears sting my eyes once more, building up and rolling over my cheeks with the heat of a dying star. Isn’t that what death is? It’s forgetting. It’s letting go. We make peace with the dead to say goodbye.
Robert Skidelsky Edward Skidelsky, How Much is Enough?: Money and the Good Life|Experience has taught us that material wants know no natural bounds, that they will expand without end unless we consciously restrain them. Capitalism rests precisely on this endless expansion of wants. That is why, for all its success, it remains so unloved. It has given us wealth beyond measure, but has taken away the chief benefit of wealth: the consciousness of having enough.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|I believe strongly that my books are entertainment. I hope you might learn a thing or two while reading them, but first and foremost, my job is to entertain you. If I’m waving a flag in Hot Target, it’s the same flag I’ve always waved in all my books—the American flag. And that’s a flag that’s supposed to stand for acceptance and understanding. For freedom for all—and not just freedom for all Americans, but freedom for all of the diverse and wonderful people living on this planet; freedom to live their lives according to their definitions of freedom. It’s a flag that’s supposed to stand for real American values like honor and honesty and peace and love and hope.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Just as we are, we come to Christ Jesus, He will change us to his image.
Victor LaValle, The Ballad of Black Tom|Nyx had killed a lot of people. She'd let even more die through neglect. Rhys was just one more. I'm the same person, aren't I? she thought. She had burned herself up, only to come out the other side exactly the same.Taite's signal would get out, Nyx knew. It would be soon enough to save *her*. But it would not be soon enough for Rhys. Nyx hardened her jaw. Her hands and feet were still tied. They'd stripped her of her most obvious weapons. She could just wait this out.She saw Rhys register that. But there was no shock. Just resignation. He knew her for what she was. Butcher. Monster.The same old monster.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, In the Long Run: Reflections from the Road|Stress, burnout and strain on the human heart are all increasingly taking their toll for millions of hardworking people. However, even someone who is working in a job that simply ‘pays the bills’ can turn mundane and stressful tasks into pleasant activities with a slight adjustment in attitude and by adopting a daily mindful practice.
Clifford A. Pickover, The Physics Book: From the Big Bang to Quantum Resurrection, 250 Milestones in the History of Physics|I like the sky. It’s rational to me in a way that life isn’t. Looking at it doesn’t suck the way you might think it would, given all the dying-girl-stares-at-heaven possibilities. I don’t think of the sky as any kind of heaven item. I think of it as a bunch of gases and faraway echoes of things that used to be on fire
Samuel Armen, Within a Diminishing Caricature|But who knows why we really do anything? Who knows why we do what we do when we do it? Why your local barista greeted you with a curt 'hi' instead of her usual, mellifluous-sounding 'hello' has a trillion justifications. So, why someone decides to commit suicide might take a while to explain, and a lifetime to begin comprehending...
Lexi Blake, The Men with the Golden Cuffs|I can give you a girl’s perspective,” Eve offered with a smile. “I’m totally not into the girl-on-girl thing, but I know an attractive pussy when I see one.
Anonymous|Life is unfair, but that's no reason to give up on it
Oliver Hudson|To this day, just always treat people the way you want to be treated. Whether it's family or friends or co-workers, I think it's the most important thing. Whether you have success or don't have it, whether you're a good person is all that matters.
Tal McThenia, A Case for Solomon: Bobby Dunbar and the Kidnapping That Haunted a Nation|The end comes to all of us...but the end comes quicker to those who do not live their lives as they choose. If your life is not your own, then in what way is it living?
Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember: Uncollected Pieces|To be commanded to love God at all, let alone in the wilderness, is like being commanded to be well when we are sick, to sing for joy when we are dying of thirst, to run when our legs are broken. But this is the first and great commandment nonetheless. Even in the wilderness - especially in the wilderness - you shall love him.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|I have studied humans for a small eternity. Intent infuses their every movement. Road maps to their inner navigation, plastered all over their skin. Born to be slaves.
Ewan McGregor|Guns are part of the American psyche, aren't they? This is collateral damage for having a Wild West mentality. It's intrinsic to the American psyche. It's never going to change.
Cat Winters, The Uninvited|Cripes, just listen to that desperation mixed with a wild joie de vivre. That doesn't come out of nothing. They'll be able to hear that a massive eruption once rocked the world and scattered pain and passion in it's wake.
Jeffrey Overstreet, Cyndere's Midnight|When Mother and I learned that Father was dying, Father asked me to sing for him," she said. "Mother insisted that I only sing songs from their youthful days together. She wanted me to take her mind off Father's pain, But when she stepped away, Father asked me to sing songs about pain. About loss. About the world without him. When I played those songs, he would cry. It was the only way he could cry. And now it's the only way I know to cry.""We need you to lead us in crying, Lesyl, or we'll drown in unshed tears." [King Cal-Raven replied]
Shannen Doherty|The fathers, if they got me alone, would try to kiss and fondle me. I hated it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some, who doubt that the Bible is the true Word of God, doubt it because they are unwilling to ascribe to God anything they cannot themselves achieve.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|There's not such thing as handsome princes, she told herself.There's no such thing as happily ever after.She looked up at Park. Into his golden green eyes.You saved my life, she tried to tell him.Not forever, not for good. Probably just temporarily. But you saved my life, and now I'm yours. The me that's right now is yours. Always.
Misty Evans, Operation Sheba|What do you mean, is that it? I just saved his career and the CIA from ruin and he calls me a perfidious ass.""What's perfidious mean?" Ace asked from the driver's seat."You deceived him and stole his girlfriend out from under his nose," Julia said to Conrad. "I think technically 'ass' is a pretty mild revilement.""Revilement?" Ace looked at one and then the other in his rearview. "This is some kind of spy talk, isn't it? Okay, I'm down with it. Just tell me what it means.
-Shandel Slaten|Strong leaders are not the ones who do everything right. They are the ones to put a plan together, take risks, make mistakes, humbly admit their mistakes, take responsibility for failures, make necessary changes, do not fear correction, and with the trust of their followers and the team of which they were leading! -Clarity:Focusing on what matters / Week 40
Jhunmar Simila|Cold summer nightThe night is silenceBut your voice is shouting My mind reminiscing Your love is lackingThe night is coldLonging of your armsI need your heat And your goneThe dawn is immenentI'm dreaming of you My eyes are cryingI'm missing youThe gleam of sunriseTouching my faceThe heat on my skinLike the touch of your handThe sun is born again once moreNew expectation, new hopeExpecting you missing meHoping to see you
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|In her final years she would still recall the trip that, with the perverse lucidity of nostalgia, became more and more recent in her memory.
Johannes Stark|Playing a positive role on a network television show, it was great. I took it as a responsibility. Poncherello was supposed to be Poncherelli, and then when I got this part I said, 'You know what, this guy isn't going to be Italian-American, he's gonna be Hispanic American.' And they went with it.
Alice Walker|Follow what you love! Don't deign to ask what "they" are looking for out there. Ask what you have inside. Follow not your interests  which change  but what you are and what you love  which will and should not change.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|When by my solitary hearth I sit,When no fair dreams before my “mind’s eye” flit,And the bare heath of life presents no bloom;Sweet Hope, ethereal balm upon me shed,And wave thy silver pinions o’er my head.
Ray Rage Patino|It is possible to be a great novelist - that is, to render a veracious account of your times - and a bad writer - that is, an incompetent practitioner of applied linguistics.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are commissioned to make disciples, to bring them into the same direct relationship with Christ as those who left their nets and their fishing boats to become “fishers of men.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|If you are going to quit after a couple of steps, you aren’t going to be the best you can ever be.
Steven Moffat|The Doctor: Amazing. Nancy: What is? The Doctor: 1941. Right now, not very far from here, the German war machine is rolling up the map of Europe. Country after country, falling like dominoes. Nothing can stop it, nothing. Until one tiny, damp little island says "No. No, not here." A mouse in front of a lion. You're amazing, the lot of you. I don't know what you do to Hitler, but you frighten the hell out of me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|An illusionist can make himself disappear; a musician can do the same thing: When he plays a piano, after a while we start seeing only the music, not the man!
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Any love is natural and beautiful that lies within a person’s nature; only hypocrites would hold a man responsible for what he loves, emotional illiterates and those of righteous envy, who, in their agitated concern, mistake so frequently the arrow pointing to heaven for the one that leads to hell.
Jessica Stern, ISIS: The State of Terror|Yes, it is totally acceptable that for any given country to become assured of its safety, it has to get out of its way to make the world safer generally. But getting out of its way does not necessarily have to mean getting into another country’s backyard. Rather, it should mean getting into a more sensible and a more effective coalition with other countries for same purpose in a manner that ensures both mutual safety and mutual dignity –both coming in adequate measures, the achieving of one not necessitating the foregoing of the other.
A.E. Samaan|I am convinced there is only one way to eliminate these grave evils, namely through the establishment of a socialist economy, accompanied by an educational system which would be oriented toward social goals.
Adi Alsaid, Somewhere Over the Sun|Design is not limited to fancy new gadgets. Our family just bought a new washing machine and dryer. We didn’t have a very good one so we spent a little time looking at them. It turns out that the Americans make washers and dryers all wrong. The Europeans make them much better – but they take twice as long to do clothes! It turns out that they wash them with about a quarter as much water and your clothes end up with a lot less detergent on them. Most important, they don’t trash your clothes. They use a lot less soap, a lot less water, but they come out much cleaner, much softer, and they last a lot longer. We spent some time in our family talking about what’s the trade-off we want to make. We ended up talking a lot about design, but also about the values of our family. Did we care most about getting our wash done in an hour versus an hour and a half? Or did we care most about our clothes feeling really soft and lasting longer? Did we care about using a quarter of the water? We spent about two weeks talking about this every night at the dinner table. We’d get around to that old washer-dryer discussion. And the talk was about design. We ended up opting for these Miele appliances, made in Germany. They’re too expensive, but that’s just because nobody buys them in this country. They are really wonderfully made and one of the few products we’ve bought over the last few years that we’re all really happy about. These guys really thought the process through. They did such a great job designing these washers and dryers. I got more thrill out of them than I have out of any piece of high tech in years.
McCormick Templeman, Slasher Girls & Monster Boys|Their bony branches grew barer with each tearing wind. Their tall, leaning forms looked like a gateway to a long-abandoned world. They lived. Their roots were much deeper than mine would ever be. One day my tree would fall and die, gnawed by serpents.
Robin Romm, The Mercy Papers|Apart from my father, this house if filled with women. Women stop their lives; they're programmed that way. A child comes into the world and suddenly the choices grow fewer. The women seem to understand the payoff. You sacrifice, yes. You don't get to the gym, to the shrink, to the office, but you get this fragment of a moment with a person who is momentary, who will not be like this again." - 74
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|I hold the bottle out into the rain and watch as the steady flow slowly fills it. When there is enough, enough that Beth can clearly see, I close the bottle and hand it to her.She raises a skeptical eyebrow, but accepts the bottle."It's our rain Beth."Her head barely shakes to show her confusion while I rub the back of my neck and search for my courage. "I told you I loved you in this rain and when you doubt my words, I want you to look at this bottle.
Hannah Harrington, Speechless|All of them are the same type; girls with overprocessed hair and too much makeup and way too much access to Daddy’s credit cards. Girls who, if you took away the designer labels, hair dye and cover-up, wouldn’t be more than average-looking, but with all that stuff look too plastic to be pretty.
Jonathan D. Spence, Return to Dragon Mountain: Memories of a Late Ming Man|Shelves full of books are all around me. Opening the different volumes I take a look, and find the pages covered with writings in unknown scripts — tadpole traces, bird feet markings, twisted branches. And in my dream I am able to read them all, to make sense of everything despite its difficulty.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Work smart, not hard
Mehmet Murat ildan|The perfume of incense reminds us of the pervading influence of virtue, the lamp reminds us of light of knowledge and the flowers which soon fade and die, reminds us of impermanence. When we bow, we express our gratitude to the Buddha for what his teachings have given us. This is the nature of Buddhist worship.
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|Ardour in well-doing is a misleading and a treacherous thing. It cries out loudly for employment; you can't satisfy it at first; it wants more and more; it is eager to move mountains and divert the course of rivers. It isn't content till it perspires. And then, too often, when it feels the perspiration on its brow, it wearies all of a sudden and dies, without even putting itself to the trouble of saying, "I've had enough of this.
Rainer Maria Rilke|A complete sharing between two people is an impossibility and whenever it seems, nevertheless, to exist, it is a narrowing, a mutual agreement which robs either one member or both of his fullest freedom and development. But, once the realization is accepted that, even between the closest human beings, infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole and against a wide sky!
Charles Babbage, Passages from the Life of a Philosopher|Whenever a man can get hold of numbers, they are invaluable: if correct, they assist in informing his own mind, but they are still more useful in deluding the minds of others. Numbers are the masters of the weak, but the slaves of the strong.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Panda's Thumb: More Reflections in Natural History|I had learned that a dexterous, opposable thumb stood among the hallmarks of human success. We had maintained, even exaggerated, this important flexibility of our primate forebears, while most mammals had sacrificed it in specializing their digits. Carnivores run, stab, and scratch. My cat may manipulate me psychologically, but he'll never type or play the piano.
Anna Campbell, Midnight's Wild Passion|He’d stared into her eyes, dark with confusion and unwilling passion, and for one stark, horrible instant, he’d wished to be that different man. He’d wished to be worthy of her.
Gabriel Boutros, The Guilty|The truth, in the right hands, can be a very flexible tool.
Elise Maybelle, Timecrest|Darkness reveals truths that no sun can bring to light, for inside the heart of man resides a beast, only tamed by the shackles of the day.
Eddie Vedder|My family has very strong women. My mother never laughed at my dream of Africa, even though everyone else did because we didn't have any money, because Africa was the 'dark continent', and because I was a girl.
Nora Roberts, Genuine Lies|Change--savor the cool, fresh flavor of it.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|If you would have watched her from the roof, you would have seen a broad grin over her face.
Vivek Shanbhag, Ghachar Ghochar|Silence descended on the house. [....] Amma must have sensed that this was the sort of silence that, left unchallenged, could consume the family from within.
Samuel Butler|It is no idle phrase that man was made in God's image. There is something worth saving in the worst of us, and out of this something a new man may be fashioned.
Scott Stabile|Being right is massively overrated, especially when it comes at the expense of being compassionate and kind.
Herman E. Daly, For the Common Good: Redirecting the economy toward community, the environment, and a sustainable future.|...ultimately it come down to, are you making or are you destroying? If you try very hard to create ways of living, create dreams of what is possible, then you win. If you don't, you may make a fortune in ten years, but you're not going to be read in twenty years, and that's that.
Mrs. Charles E. Cowman, Streams in the Desert|True saints of God have endured lengthy times of patient waiting with no reply, not because their prayers were prayed without intensity, nor because God did not accept their pleas. They were required to wait because it pleased Him who is sovereign and who gives "according to his good purpose" (Philippians 2:13)
Dual Authorship.|No man has all the knowledge on any subject at any time." - Rev., Dr. John Q. Kenzy - I added to Dr, Kenzy's quote as follows: "So then we can all stand to learn more about what we know or what we think we know." C. R. Lord
Rebecca Stead|When Al Gore picked Joe Lieberman, it was a clear declaration of independence from President Clinton; no Democrat had been more critical of Clinton's misconduct.
Joseph Conrad, The Shadow-Line|One must not make too much of anything in life, good or bad.
Charlotte Joko Beck|103When we try to be something that we are not, we become the slave of a rigid, fixed mind, following a rule about how things have to be. The violence and the anger in us remain unnoticed, because we are caught in our pictures of how we should be.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|Just the way I like you," she said when he was completely naked.
Shanice Williams, Virtually Conflicted|No matter what I did, I was hurting someone. There was a constant battle of emotions going on inside my head, but even though I still cared about Tom all I wanted, all I needed, was Mika.
Jay Kristoff, Nevernight|You've got the look of a girl who's no stranger to the page, I can tell. You got words in your soul. ...The books we love, they love us back. And just as we mark our places in the pages, those pages leave their marks on us. I can see it in you, sure as I see it in me. You're a daughter of words. A girl with a story to tell.
Nina LaCour|I was so blinded by her talent that I didn't recognize the tremendous pain behind her work. She gave me hundreds of images, so many chances to see that she was in trouble. I failed her.
L.R.W. Lee|You control whether you are happy. It's all your narrative and you can change it if you choose to." - L. R. W. Lee Andy Smithson: Blast of the Dragon's Fury
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Neither the secret whirring song of the stars nor the sonorous canticles of the earth knew the language that sprang up in the space between us. It was a dialect of heartbeats, strung together with the lilt of long suffering and the incandescent hope of an infinite future.
Ron Brackin|My heart is at ease knowing that what was meant for me will never miss me, and that what misses me was never meant for me.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|Don't accuse others of your past, hidden guilt and sins." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Charlotte Dujardin|Sometimes Queens' music is dark, but somehow it's ok to deliver it with a smile on your face because thing's are still going to kick in.
Robert Plant|You know, people can't fall in love with me just because I'm good at what I do.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Hell has been cloaked in folklore and disguised in fiction for so long, many people deny the reality of such a place.
Chinua Achebe, There Was a Country: A Personal History of Biafra|Make today the day you begin that awesome idea you have had for years. Now go, write this book, and remember that today is an important day in history.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|He started writing poetry again, but it didn't come as easily. It was hard now to get past the self-consciousness - the silliness, really - of being such a well-established adult applying himself, seriously, to such a youthful joy.
Laura Marling|I think I’ll feel out of place wherever I go on earth, forever. But that’s fine. I have to make my peace with that.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|It wasn’t as if she’d thought it through or anything, how what a person wanted wasn’t always what they needed, and what a person needed might be the last thing they could ever want.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Never read a book to finish it, read to consume it.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|May harmony find you" Atticus
Debasish Mridha|If you fail in life’s journey, just don’t complain. Make it a part of your journey.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Sickness occurs when we desire what we need and what’s desirable with equal intensity, suffering our lack of perfection as if we were suffering for lack of bread.
Sami Abouzid|it's real great to be back in my studio to create amazing music , after I took a break it was awesome to go back once again and create this awesome soundtrack ,,,,,how can I forget you .... I love all chords I’ve created and nothing in this world compares the beauty and the greatness of being in my studio and creating this adorable music ...endless greatness
Sivaprakash Sidhu Sivaprakash G Sivaprakash Gopal, sivaprakash sidhu, sivaprakash, sivaprakash, sidh|If you Succeed you will LEAD, if you Failed you will become WISE.
John Connolly, The Book of Lost Things|Don't be afraid, child,The stories are always there.
Steven Rowley|The way Bunker loved me, so fully, clearly, and without exception, helped me remember every day to try to bring that kind of love to myself and others in my life.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Sapiens means wise or sapient... Wise means acceptance, not differentiation. Wise means helping, not fighting. Wise means assimilation, not destruction. Wise means harmony and peace, not dissension.
Mother Teresa|Peace is a daily, a weekly, a monthly process, gradually changing opinions, slowly eroding old barriers, quietly building new structures.
Volksweisheit|But if there must be an end, let it be loud. Let it be bloody. Better to burn than to wither away in the dark.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Exiled Queen|You touch me again, you arrogant Ardenine swine, and I swear on the blood of Hanalea the warrior, I will geld you. Do you understand?
Steven Redhead, The Solution|You have the right to chose your destiny, otherwise you will be left to live someone else's idea of what your life should be.
Morgan Freeman|Children also have artistic ability, and there is wisdom in there having it! The more helpless they are, the more instructive are the examples they furnish us; and they must be preserved free of corruption from an early age.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|When relying solely on ego, we are given many messages that are contrary to the achievement of that happy and fulfilling life that most of us actually desire.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|Because I can count on my fingers the number of sunsets I have left, and I don't want to miss any of them.
Edward O. Wilson, Letters to a Young Scientist|Very often ambition and entrepreneurial drive, in combination, beat brilliance.
Frank McCourt, Teacher Man|She could not think what it would be to teach school twelve miles away from home, along among strangers. The less she thought of it the better, for she must go, and she must meet whatever happened as it came. "Now Mary can have everting she needs, and she can come home this next summer," she said. "Oh, Pa, do you think I - I can teach school?" "I do, Laura," said Pa. "I am sure of it.
Meg Rosoff, Just in Case|If everything were anything," Chance said softly, "the barriers would break down, and we'd all lose ourselves to chaos. And then there would be no cotton candy.
Brook Noel|Brook, you don't sound like yourself."My reply came out of my mouth before I could choose it. "I am not the person I was three weeks ago and I will never be that person again."Surprised by my own response, I relayed it to my therapist who was helping me work through issues surrounding my brother's death. "Of course you're not," she said. "And one of the best things you can do for yourself is to know that you are a different person now.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|Yes, you need a passport to prove to the world that you exist. The people at passport control, they cannot look at you and see you are a person. No! They have to look at a little photograph of you. Then they believe you exist.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge gives you the world, intelligence gives you the sky, understanding gives you the stars, but wisdom gives you the universe.
Kate Lattey, Triple Bar|I'll be the invisible girl,Everyone passing through me,No one touching.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Life tends to deliver on what we order…so when you think I’m worthless, you get a life fitting what thought. When you think I’m fabulous…you get that.
Hans Hofmann|If my art has nothing to do with people's pain and sorrow, what is 'art' for?
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Can you look without the voice in your head commenting, drawing conclusions, comparing, or trying to figure something out?
Robyn Carr, Promise Canyon|She has to agree to have me. It could take some time, but I’m confident I can trick her into it.
Rabih Alameddine, An Unnecessary Woman|I long ago abandoned myself to a blind lust for the written word. Literature is my sandbox. In it I play, build my forts and castles, spend glorious time. It is the world outside that box that gives me trouble. I have adapted tamely, though not conventionally, to this visible world so I can retreat without much inconvenience into my inner world of books.
Charles Wagner, The Simple Life|If there are people at once rich and content, be assured that they are content because they know how to be so, not because they are rich
Henry James, Daisy Miller|The historic atmosphere was there, certainly; but the historic atmosphere, scientifically considered, was no better than a villainous miasma
Logan Lerman|Saying goodbye doesn't mean anything. It's the time we spent together that matters, not how we left it.
Pawan Mishra|Sometimes we all get dusty by a few mundane and tiring affairs—and merely need a gentle soul wash to see, and get deeply entangled with, the fervors of life again.
Marc Benioff|You can't have people making decisions about the future of the world who are scientifically illiterate. That's a recipe for disaster. And I don't mean just whether a politician is scientifically literate, but people who vote politicians into office.
Charles Duhigg|When I go to my health club, and it's in the basement, you have to take the elevator down. And this drives me crazy. Why can't there be a stairway? At least make it as easy to exercise as it is to not exercise. It's in society's interest for me to take the stairs.
Huntley Fitzpatrick, My Life Next Door|This is Sailor Supergirl,” George says. “She knows all about black holes.
John Waire|In photography and in life, always look for the light -- if you don't see it, bring it...
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|Well, I must do’t. Away, my disposition, and possess me Some harlot’s spirit! My throat of war be turn’d, Which quier’d with my drum, into a pipe Small as an eunuch, or the virgin voice That babies lull asleep! The smiles of knaves Tent in my cheeks, and schoolboys’ tears take up The glasses of my sight! A beggar’s tongue Make motion through my lips, and my arm’d knees, Who bow’d but in my stirrup, bend like his That hath receiv’d an alms! I will not do’t, Lest I surcease to honor mine own truth, And by my body’s action teach my mind A most inherent baseness.
Jack London, The Mutiny of the Elsinore|The Elsinore's bow tilted skyward while her stern fell into a foaming valley. Not a man had gained his feet. Bridge and men swept back toward me and fetched up against the mizzen-shrouds. And then that prodigious, incredible old man appeared out of the water, on his two legs, upright, dragging with him, a man in each hand, the helpless forms of Nancy and the Faun. My heart leapt at beholding this mighty figure of a man-killer and slave-driver, it is true, but who sprang first into the teeth of danger so that his slaves might follow, and who emerged with a half-drowned slave in either hand.I knew augustness and pride as I gazed--pride that my eyes were blue, like his; that my skin was blond, like his; that my place was aft with him, and with the Samurai, in the high place of government and command. I nearly wept with the chill of pride that was akin to awe and that tingled and bristled along my spinal column and in my brain. As for the rest--the weaklings and the rejected, and the dark-pigmented things, the half-castes, the mongrel-bloods, and the dregs of long-conquered races--how could they count? My heels were iron as I gazed on them in their peril and weakness. Lord! Lord! For ten thousand generations and centuries we had stamped upon their faces and enslaved them to the toil of our will.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Whatever the depth of our darkness, God navigated it eons before it was dark. And whatever the duration of our nights, God was there long before it ever turned to night. Therefore, despite our frequent feelings to the contrary, there is no place we might be where God was not lovingly waiting for us an eternity before we got there.
John Oldham|I am alone here in New York, no longer a we.
Charles Evans Hughes|What a miserable thing life is: you're living in clover, only the clover isn't good enough.
shashankbisht|I m not funny, really m not !!! I just tell people the truth, and then they start laughing and say haha you are funny...but seriously m not!!!
Johan Cruyff|If I wanted you to understand, I would explain it better.
B. R. Ambedkar|We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|They’d welcomed him aboard their ship. Nico had never allowed himself the luxury of friends, but the crew of the Argo II was as close as he’d ever come. The idea of any of them dying made him feel empty – like he was back in the giants’ bronze jar, alone in the dark, subsisting only on sour pomegranate seeds.
Immaculée Ilibagiza, Our Lady of Kibeho: Mary Speaks to the World from the Heart of Africa|Never refuse any who ask you for help; if your pockets are empty, give them hope. Your every action must be born of kindness, your every word spoken with love. Live as God would have you live, and others will be inspired to do the same.
Stefan D|- My love is about 2/3rds as invisible as her love, and that sort of transparency isn’t really all that healthy in a relationship. - I chop trees down with my sharpened mustache, remember? Cloning works, but can lead you in the wrong direction.-Jarod Kintz and Stefan D
Apollonius of Tyana|There is a great book out called 'Everything I Needed to Learn I Learned in Kindergarten,' and I believe that everything I ever needed to learn on guitar was in my first two years of hungry learning: Scotty Moore, Hank Marvin, Chet Atkins, Lenny Breau, Chuck Berry and Bo Diddley.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|People wonder who is who,Everyone is different - even you!
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|The utterance of God is a lamp, whose light is these words: Ye are the fruits of one tree, and the leaves of one branch. Deal ye one with another with the utmost love and harmony, with friendliness and fellowship. ... So powerful is the light of unity that it can illuminate the whole earth.
Dan Brown, Inferno|I am the shade. Through the dolent city, i flee. Through the eternal woe, i take flight..
Jillian Michaels|How can we love the Lord our God with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength if we must separate our minds from our faith? Such a separation violates the very meaning of faith.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|Do the children who prefer books set in the real, ordinary, workaday world ever read as obsessively as those who would much rather be transported into other worlds entirely?
Kelly Link|Bethany had liked Miles because he made her laugh. He makes me laugh, too. Miles figured that digging up Bethany's grave, even that would've made her laugh. Bethany had had a great laugh, which went up and up, like a clarinetist on an escalator. It wasn't annoying. It had been delightful, if you liked that kind of laugh. It would have made Bethany laugh that Miles Googled “grave digging” in order to educate himself. He read an Edgar Allan Poe story. He watched several relevant episodes of Buffy The Vampire Slayer, and he bought Vicks®VapoRub™, which you were supposed to apply under your nose.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|One cannot transcend the body or mind just by repeating the mantra "I am not the body and I am not the mind".
John Ortberg|I think it's critical, a sense of humor. It did help me - it does help me, continuously.
Bobby Darnell, Time For Dervin - Living Large In Geiggityville|Coming up with a useful, meaningful quote is getting more and more challenging each day....and you can quote me on that.
Ernst F. Schumacher, Small Is Beautiful: E. F. Schumacher, Appropriate Technology, Globalization, 1973 Oil Crisis, Neoclassical Economics, Simple Living, Buddhist Economics, Decentralization|If you want to be a genius, it's easy: All you gotta say is, 'Everything stinks.' Then, you're never wrong.
Dominic Riccitello|If I had amnesia, I know I would fall in love with you all over again.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|They sat in silence on the windowsill, their hands locked across the distance between them.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams|Yes, many years of oppression may have complicated things and it seems impossible for blacks to create their own means of production. But, I truly believe that we must start somewhere. We must reimagine a world where we are proudly black and support all things black in order to reinvent the economic wheel. We talk. We produce theories. We prove ourselves and and and... But we must also put our money where our mouths and theories are. This is why we fight each and every single day.
Criss Jami, Healology|Science is knowledge meeting humility meeting curiosity: ever-evolving, always learning. Atheism is often but knowledge meeting arrogance: a masquerade under the wing of the beauty of science. Religion is infamously a weight under the one wing; then under the other is atheism, the championed masquerade.
Chris Thrall, Eating Smoke: One Man's Descent Into Crystal Meth Psychosis in Hong Kong's Triad Heartland|Disney will never make a movie about my life story, and that's a shame--I'd make a really cute animated creature.
Hannah Whitall Smith|Anything allowed in the heart which is contrary to the will of God, let it seem ever so insignificant, or be ever so deeply hidden, will cause us to fall before our enemies. Any root of bitterness cherished towards another, any self-seeking, any harsh judgments indulged in, any slackness in obeying the voice of the Lord, any doubtful habits or surroundings, any one of these things will effectually cripple and paralyze our spiritual life. I believe our blessed Guide, the indwelling Holy Spirit, is always secretly discovering these things to us by continual little twinges and pangs of conscience, so that we are left without excuse.
Martin Seligman|To help, to continually help and share, that is the sum of all knowledge; that is the meaning of art.
Joan Borysenko|We emerge into the light not by denying our pain, but by walking through it.
Vikram Seth, A Suitable Boy|Wherever his faltering mind,unsteadily wanders,he should restrain itand bring it under self-controlKrishna, the mind is faltering,violent, strong, and stubborn; I find it as difficultto hold as the wind.
James Thompson, Snow Angels|Years ago, when I was working on my master's thesis, I went to New York for a semester as an exchange student. What struck me most was the sky. On that side of the world, so far away from the North Pole, the sky is flat and gray, a one-dimensional universe. Here, the sky is arched, and there's almost no pollution. In spring and fall the sky is dark blue or violet, and sunsets last for hours. The sun turns into a dim orange ball that transforms clouds into silver-rimmed red and violet towers. In winter, twenty-four hours a day, uncountable stars outline the vaulted ceiling of the great cathedral we live in. Finnish skies are the reason I believe in God.
Tabi Card, Mersong|The ocean has a voice, one that haunts me with its music every moment I’m awake. Even in my dreams it tugs on me, building the ache inside my bones until I can’t ignore who I am. My mother says the water is dangerous, that beyond the innocent whitecaps they’re waiting, but I never hear her over the call of the sea.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Believe in yourself, for the universe believes in you.
Jeffrey D. Sachs, The End of Poverty|Only after you have qualified yourself, you should then say that God will prosper your labor.
Ben Willoughby, Gods on the Mountain|A time is coming when people will go mad, and when they see those who are not mad, they will attack them saying, "You are mad, you are not like us.
Chuck Klosterman, Eating the Dinosaur|The deeper reality is that I’m not sure if what I do is real. I usually believe that I’m certain about how I feel, but that seems naive. How do we know how we feel?…There is almost certainly a constructed schism between (a) how I feel, and (b) how I think I feel. There’s probably a third level, too—how I want to think I feel.
Tom Felton|You can talk to someone relatively famous, and they say, 'What do you do? What do you do for a job?' and I say, 'I make documentaries for the BBC,' and you see their eyes just glaze over.
Sameh Elsayed|When a photo of a person looks deep into your spirit and tells you thousand stories….. Stories from your past even before you existed, then the photo is way above any description.
Frederik Pohl, Man Plus|There is a night school where you shall meet great teachers: The sky! When the night falls, the shining stars in the school will teach you how small you are and how comical to own an ego!
Daniel H. Wilson, Robopocalypse|It is not enough to live together in peace, with one race on its knees.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|You know… the airport is the only place you can walk around with no shoes, a glazed look on your face, and sleep on the benches and no one judges you.
Sunday Adelaja|Your calling is in what you read, think and talk about
Brandi L. Bates|When the door to my writing chamber gasps shut and the almost imperceptible sigh of a rose petal falls on my desk, I know that my muse is present.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Do remember, though, that sometimes the people you oppress become mightier than you would like.
Charanjit Singh Mannu, The Purity of Love|Everyone is born a millionaire, it is your God-given right to have an abundance of everything, health, money and love.
Alex Steffen|Television is such an evolving medium. When you're doing a TV show, it's not like you just shoot for six weeks and you're in an editing room with all of your footage. It's like a guitar or a car, you have to fine tune things. You stop doing what's not working, you work on what is working and you add things that do work.
Stephanie Staal, Reading Women: How the Great Books of Feminism Changed My Life|Regardless of the faps in years, place and circumstance, women across the ages have had to negotiate the borders of their identities; in this, we find a common ground.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|I'm not saying that I think one man is better than the other. I'm not saying that either is kinder or wiser or more ambitious, more thoughtful, confident, or able. But the fact is that when I'm with the one, comfort settles into my bones. I feel calm around him, as if the sun is smiling down on me and the world has suddenly become a sweet, safe place to be. I feel good about life―about myself. And it's hard not to want to be near someone who, just by their very nature, makes you feel that way.
Dennis Prager|I got a few marriage proposals in my 20s. I just wasn't ready. I just knew if I committed, I would've wound up doing something wrong, messing it up. I still felt like I had some living to do.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|We have to watch Nana's life slipping away from her like a forgotten word. I thought I understood what's happening to her, but this isn't like being robbed a penny at a time. Memories aren't currency to spend; they're us. Age isn't stealing from my grandmother; it's slowly unwinding her.
Gail Carriger, Timeless|Like Jocelyn, Survivors often think: * That’s just the way I am * I’m not lovable, that’s why I keep having disastrous relationships * I’m not very clever, that’s why I didn’t do well at school * I’m a loner * I’m a weak person * I’m not very nice * I was a difficult childMany survivors find it difficult to accept that being sexually abused as a child can continue to affect them many years later. It may seem too fantastic, or too frightening an idea to believe. David Finkelhor, an American researcher, has tried to explain how sexual abuse affects a child and leads to long-term problems. He suggests four ways in which childhood sexual abuse causes problems:1 Traumatic Sexualization2 Stigmatization 3 Betrayal 4 Powerlessness
Brian Austin Green|There's nothing to compare to live music, there just isn't anything.
N.D. Wilson, Notes From The Tilt-A-Whirl: Wide-Eyed Wonder in God's Spoken World|I've watched goldfish make babies, and ants execute earwigs. I've seen a fly deliver live young while having its head eaten by a mantis. And I had a golden retriever behave like one.
Tim Fargo|The November evening had a bite; it nibbled not-quite-gently at her cheeks and ears. In Virginia the late autumn was a lover, still, but a dangerous one.
David McCullough, John Adams|The more Adams thought about the future of his country, the more convinced he became that it rested on education. Before any great things are accomplished, he wrote to a correspondent, a memorable change must be made in the system of education and knowledge must become so general as to raise the lower ranks of society nearer to the higher. The education of a nation instead of being confined to a few schools and universities for the instruction of the few, must become the national care and expense for the formation of the many.
Amit Kalantri|Let it be a small gain or big gain never do lesser than one's ability, let it be a pain or a pleasure never accept more than one's share.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|You know well as I do that when we are talking on the human plane, questions of justice only arise when there is equal power to compel: in terms of practicality the dominant exact what they can and the weak concede what they must. (Said by Athenian envoy to the Melians)
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|Tell about the quality of light coming in through your window. Jump in and write. Don’t worry if it is night and your curtains are closed or you would rather write about the light up north—just write. Go for ten minutes, fifteen, a half hour.
Pittacus Lore, The Rise of Nine|No more, no less. I'm an idiot. I really need to let this crush go.
Abhysheq Shukla, Feelings Undefined: The Charm of the Unsaid|In the end all the puzzles of your life will be solved ,until then... laugh at the scepticism, live for the moment and remember everything happens for a reason.
Robert Byrd|It was also my idea that the advisory committees of the Academy should replace the legal committees of the German Reichstag, which was gradually fading into the background in the Reich.
Leonard Koren, Wabi-Sabi: For Artists, Designers, Poets & Philosophers|Things wabi-sabi have no need for the reassurance of status or the validation of market culture. They have no need for documentation of provenance. Wabi-sabi-ness in no way depends on knowledge of the creator's background or personality. In fact, it is best if the creator is no distinction, invisible, or anonymous.
E.K. Blair|I’m a blank canvas that I can paint however I desire. For the first time ever, I get to be the character in my own fantasy land.
Michael  Grant, Light|Roanoke girls never last long around here. In the end, we either run or we die.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|One night he sits up. In cots around him are a few dozen sick or wounded. A warm September wind pours across the countryside and sets the walls of the tent rippling.Werner’s head swivels lightly on his neck. The wind is strong and gusting stronger, and the corners of the tent strain against their guy ropes, and where the flaps at the two ends come up, he can see trees buck and sway. Everything rustles. Werner zips his old notebook and the little house into his duffel and the man beside him murmurs questions to himself and the rest of the ruined company sleeps. Even Werner’s thirst has faded. He feels only the raw, impassive surge of the moonlight as it strikes the tent above him and scatters. Out there, through the open flaps of the tent, clouds hurtle above treetops. Toward Germany, toward home.Silver and blue, blue and silver.Sheets of paper tumble down the rows of cots, and in Werner’s chest comes a quickening. He sees Frau Elena kneel beside the coal stove and bank up the fire. Children in their beds. Baby Jutta sleeps in her cradle. His father lights a lamp, steps into an elevator, and disappears.The voice of Volkheimer: What you could be.Werner’s body seems to have gone weightless under his blanket, and beyond the flapping tent doors, the trees dance and the clouds keep up their huge billowing march, and he swings first one leg and then the other off the edge of the bed.“Ernst,” says the man beside him. “Ernst.” But there is no Ernst; the men in the cots do not reply; the American soldier at the door of the tent sleeps. Werner walks past him into the grass.The wind moves through his undershirt. He is a kite, a balloon.Once, he and Jutta built a little sailboat from scraps of wood and carried it to the river. Jutta painted the vessel in ecstatic purples and greens, and she set it on the water with great formality. But the boat sagged as soon as the current got hold of it. It floated downstream, out of reach, and the flat black water swallowed it. Jutta blinked at Werner with wet eyes, pulling at the battered loops of yarn in her sweater.“It’s all right,” he told her. “Things hardly ever work on the first try. We’ll make another, a better one.”Did they? He hopes they did. He seems to remember a little boat—a more seaworthy one—gliding down a river. It sailed around a bend and left them behind. Didn’t it?The moonlight shines and billows; the broken clouds scud above the trees. Leaves fly everywhere. But the moonlight stays unmoved by the wind, passing through clouds, through air, in what seems to Werner like impossibly slow, imperturbable rays. They hang across the buckling grass.Why doesn’t the wind move the light?Across the field, an American watches a boy leave the sick tent and move against the background of the trees. He sits up. He raises his hand.“Stop,” he calls.“Halt,” he calls.But Werner has crossed the edge of the field, where he steps on a trigger land mine set there by his own army three months before, and disappears in a fountain of earth.
Peter Allison, How to Walk a Puma: And Other Things I Learned While Stumbling through South America|I looked at all the caged animals. . . . . . . the cast-offs of human society. I saw in their eyes love and hope, fear and dread, sadness and betrayal. And I was angry."God," I said, "this is terrible! Why don't you do something?"God was silent for a moment and then He spoke softly."I have done something. . .I created you.
Venkat Gandhi|He recounted how, at a Jesuit retreat put on by the UCA, the fathers had been talking politics and discussing the issues of democracy in Latin America. Apparently they were sitting around castigating the FMLN for its authoritarianism. Then someone pointed out that in a real democracy, not just the priests but the women who were serving them lunch were going to have something to say about the way things were run, and one of the men blurted out, "You can't do that. They'd make horrible mistakes."Well, said Martín-Baró, that's right: Democracy definitely means that people will make mistakes. "And," he added, "we should welcome them.
John Wooden|We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
George Clooney|The easiest time to be funny is during a fairly serious situation. That way, you can break the ice. It's crazy, but even at funerals, people will get huge laughs.
Danilo Kiš, Garden, Ashes|Since childhood, I was afflicted with a sick hypersensitivity, and my imagination quickly turned everything into a memory, too quickly: sometimes one day was enough, or an interval of a few hours, or a routine change of place, for an everyday event with a lyrical value that I did not sense at the time, to become suddenly adorned with a radiant echo, the echo ordinarily reserved only for those memories which have been standing for many years in the powerful fixative of lyrical oblivion.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The Fanatics have dirtied its fiber, and their mottos have reated a thick layer of mold over its wounds, one of total intolerance, feeding on the indoctrination of the youth cliques.
Thomas A. Edison|Begin - to begin is half the work, let half still remain; again begin this, and thou wilt have finished.
Gustave Flaubert, Memoirs of a Madman|Love as much and as hard as you can because one day in your life near the end, you may forget how it truly feels.
VD.|The scientist is more religious than the poet because his belief rests in the faith of the intangible; a reality that stands outside of the observer. The poet on the other hand, concentrates his attention on the source of the experience. In contrast to the scientist, the poet realizes that Truth and Beauty lie not in the fleeting nature of our world, but in the eternal aspects of humanity that is the root of this reality and of ourselves.
M.F. Moonzajer|Governments neither help us to get out of poverty and hunger, nor let us die. It is time that we must pick one.
Simone de Beauvoir, Force Of Circumstance|Yet I loathe the thought of annihilating myself quite as much now as I ever did. I think with sadness of all the books I’ve read, all the places I’ve seen, all the knowledge I’ve amassed and that will be no more. All the music, all the paintings, all the culture, so many places: and suddenly nothing. ... If it had at least enriched the earth; if it had given birth to… what? A hill? A rocket? But no. Nothing will have taken place. I can still see the hedge of hazel trees flurried by the wind and the promises with which I fed my beating heart while I stood gazing at the gold-mine at my feet: a whole life to live. The promises have all been kept. And yet, turning an incredulous gaze towards that young and credulous girl, I realise with stupor how much I was gypped.
Sydney Carter|Your faith in yourself is all you will ever have. Don't let anyone take it away from you, ever.
Tana French, In the Woods|Your tongue may speak lies, but your eyes know the truth.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|Peace....Henrietta was not quite sure what it was but she knew it was very important. If one wanted it, Grandfather had told her once, one must not hit back when fate hit hard but must allow the hammer-strokes to batter out a hollow place inside one into which peace, like cool water, could flow.
Lights Poxlietner|People seem weak, but they're strong. They seem strong, but they're weak.
Brady Udall|Before Charlotte could utter a syllable, Tristan picked up her gloved hand and kissed her lightly on theknuckles.“Good day, Charlotte,” he said.“Good day,” she answered. She turned to bid farewell to Lady Rosalind, but she seemed to havedisappeared.Numbly, she descended the front steps toward a waiting Rothbury, who only had eyes for the Devines’front door, looking quite like he wanted to murder someone.“Perfection, dear brother,” Rosalind proclaimed, while peeking out the little window next to the door.“Utter perfection.”Slipping a finger inside his cravat to loosen it a bit, Tristan craned his neck from side to side, easing thebuilding tension. “If he kills me, I’ll see to it that you get hanged for murder as well.
Debasish Mridha|An optimist sees a failure as an opportunity to excel, but a pessimist sees a failure as an opportunity to quit.
Megan Derr, Treasure|I am naked, wrapped up in a dragon that should be a prince, I don't know how much of my crew is dead, and those mermaids could return at any time. Would somebody please say something that makes sense?
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|‎Halt looked up at the trees above him."Why does this boy ask so many questions?" he asked the trees.Naturally, they didn't answer.
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|In consequence of the inevitably scattered and fragmentary nature of our thinking, which has been mentioned, and of the mixing together of the most heterogeneous representations thus brought about and inherent even in the noblest human mind, we really possess only *half a consciousness*. With this we grope about in the labyrinth of our life and in the obscurity of our investigations; bright moments illuminate our path like flashes of lighting. But what is to be expected generally from heads of which even the wisest is every night the playground of the strangest and most senseless dreams, and has to take up its meditations again on emerging from these dreams? Obviously a consciousness subject to such great limitations is little fitted to explore and fathom the riddle of the world; and to beings of a higher order, whose intellect did not have time as its form, and whose thinking therefore had true completeness and unity, such an endeavor would necessarily appear strange and pitiable. In fact, it is a wonder that we are not completely confused by the extremely heterogeneous mixture of fragments of representations and of ideas of every kind which are constantly crossing one another in our heads, but that we are always able to find our way again, and to adapt and adjust everything. Obviously there must exist a simple thread on which everything is arranged side by side: but what is this? Memory alone is not enough, since it has essential limitations of which I shall shortly speak; moreover, it is extremely imperfect and treacherous. The *logical ego*, or even the *transcendental synthetic unity of apperception*, are expressions and explanations that will not readily serve to make the matter comprehensible; on the contrary, it will occur to many that“Your wards are deftly wrought, but drive no bolts asunder.”Kant’s proposition: “The *I think* must accompany all our representations ,” is insufficient; for the “I” is an unknown quantity, in other words, it is itself a mystery and a secret. What gives unity and sequence to consciousness, since by pervading all the representations of consciousness, it is its substratum, its permanent supporter, cannot itself be conditioned by consciousness, and therefore cannot be a representation. On the contrary, it must be the *prius* of consciousness, and the root of the tree of which consciousness is the fruit. This, I say, is the *will*; it alone is unalterable and absolutely identical, and has brought forth consciousness for its own ends. It is therefore the will that gives unity and holds all its representations and ideas together, accompanying them, as it were, like a continuous ground-bass. Without it the intellect would have no more unity of consciousness than has a mirror, in which now one thing now another presents itself in succession, or at most only as much as a convex mirror has, whose rays converge at an imaginary point behind its surface. But it is *the will* alone that is permanent and unchangeable in consciousness. It is the will that holds all ideas and representations together as means to its ends, tinges them with the colour of its character, its mood, and its interest, commands the attention, and holds the thread of motives in its hand. The influence of these motives ultimately puts into action memory and the association of ideas. Fundamentally it is the will that is spoken of whenever “I” occurs in a judgement. Therefore, the will is the true and ultimate point of unity of consciousness, and the bond of all its functions and acts. It does not, however, itself belong to the intellect, but is only its root, origin, and controller."—from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne in two volumes: volume II, pp. 139-140
Joss Whedon|A woman of battle cannot take the same risks as a woman of the fields or a woman of the town. One may not strap a baby basket to one’s back along with one’s swords and ride off to battle." -- Renda of Brannagh,
John Stuart Mill, Considerations on Representative Government|If it is true that we cannot possess knowledge of what is good in any absolute sense, it is equally true that we have an ethical duty to decide between what is better and what is worse.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|We allow ourselves to be blown by the winds because we do know what we want: our hearts know it, even if our thoughts are sometimes slow to follow- but in the end they do catch up with our hearts and then we think we have made a decision
ANIKOR Daniel|Intimacy with God resolves in reproduction; when you are intimate with God, visions are birthed, dreams are born, revelations are given, prayers are answered.
Tony Fadell|I say homes are for families, and you have to make sure you design for the family, not just one person: kids, your wife, your grandparents need to be able to use it.
Brian  McDonald, The Golden Theme: How to Make Your Writing Appeal to the Highest Common Denominator|Stories are the collective wisdom of everyone who has ever lived. Your job as a storyteller is not simply to entertain. Nor is it to be noticed for the way you turn a phrase. You have a very important job--one of the most important. Your job is to let people know that everyone shares their feelings--and that these feelings bind us. Your job is a healing art, and like all healers, you have a responsibility. Let people know they are not alone. You must make people understand that we are all the same.
Thomas Wolfe, Look Homeward, Angel|His life coiled back into the brown murk of the past like a twined filament of electric wire; he gave life, a pattern, and movement to these million sensations that Chance, the loss or gain of a moment, the turn of the head, the enormous and aimless impulsion of accident, had thrust into the blazing heat of him. His mind picked out in white living brightness these pinpoints of experience and the ghostliness of all things else became more awful because of them. So many of the sensations that returned to open haunting vistas of fantasy and imagining had been caught from a whirling landscape through the windows of the train.And it was this that awed him — the weird combination of fixity and change, the terrible moment of immobility stamped with eternity in which, passing life at great speed, both the observer and the observed seem frozen in time. There was one moment of timeless suspension when the land did not move, the train did not move, the slattern in the doorway did not move, he did not move. It was as if God had lifted his baton sharply above the endless orchestration of the seas, and the eternal movement had stopped, suspended in the timeless architecture of the absolute. Or like those motion-pictures that describe the movements of a swimmer making a dive, or a horse taking a hedge — movement is petrified suddenly in mid-air, the inexorable completion of an act is arrested. Then, completing its parabola, the suspended body plops down into the pool. Only, these images that burnt in him existed without beginning or ending, without the essential structure of time. Fixed in no-time, the slattern vanished, fixed, without a moment of transition.His sense of unreality came from time and movement, from imagining the woman, when the train had passed, as walking back into the house, lifting a kettle from the hearth embers. Thus life turned shadow, the living lights went ghost again. The boy among the calves. Where later? Where now?I am, he thought, a part of all that I have touched and that has touched me, which, having for me no existence save that which I gave to it, became other than itself by being mixed with what I then was, and is now still otherwise, having fused with what I now am, which is itself a cumulation of what I have been becoming. Why here? Why there? Why now? Why then?The fusion of the two strong egotisms, Eliza’s inbrooding and Gant’s expanding outward, made of him a fanatical zealot in the religion of Chance. Beyond all misuse, waste, pain, tragedy, death, confusion, unswerving necessity was on the rails; not a sparrow fell through the air but that its repercussion acted on his life, and the lonely light that fell upon the viscous and interminable seas at dawn awoke sea-changes washing life to him. The fish swam upward from the depth.
Christopher Moore|Stephenie Meyer: Her vampires are sparkly, which I think we can all agree is wrong.
Pope Benedict XVI, The Spirit of the Liturgy|The glory of God is the living man, but the life of man is the vision of God', says St. Irenaeus, getting to the heart of what happens when man meets God on the mountain in the wilderness. Ultimately, it is the very life of man, man himself as living righteously, that is the true worship of God, but life only becomes real life when it receives its form from looking toward God.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|Without a doubt,I must read,all the booksI've read about.See the artworkshung on hooks,that I have only,seen in books.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Let us not kid ourselves; let us remember that literature is of no use whatever, except in the very special case of somebody's wishing to become, of all things, a Professor of Literature.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|I make my way to her table, seeing her eyes growing wider as I do. Ten or so other girls probably just developed instantaneous crushes on me, because they see Carmel likes me. Or so the sociologist in my brain says.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|For now, I'll let you plead temporary amnesia," he said and lifted my chin to him. "But I'm never going to forget what it felt like when you were biting my lip instead of your own.
Oscar Wilde, de Profundis, the Ballad of Reading Gaol, and Other Poetry|When I say that I am convinced of these things I speak with too much pride. Far off, like a perfect pearl, one can see the city of God. It is so wonderful that it seems as if a child could reach it in a summer's day. And so a child could. But with me and such as me it is different. One can realise a thing in a single moment, but one loses it in the long hours that follow with leaden feet. It is so difficult to keep 'heights that the soul is competent to gain.' We think in eternity, but we move slowly through time; and how slowly time goes with us who lie in prison I need not tell again, nor of the weariness and despair that creep back into one's cell, and into the cell of one's heart, with such strange insistence that one has, as it were, to garnish and sweep one's house for their coming, as for an unwelcome guest, or a bitter master, or a slave whose slave it is one's chance or choice to be.
A.D. Posey|Energy will go into what you love, and what you love will grow. Go for a walk and watch it bloom.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|A litany of headlights blinding her, she stands unsteady on the dotted traffic line, takes timid steps toward rolled up windows behind which any horror could crouch....
Lou Brock|A line from one of my 1997 columns - 'Do one thing every day that scares you' - is now widely attributed to Eleanor Roosevelt, though I have yet to see any evidence that she ever said it and I don't believe she did. She said some things about fear, but not that thing.
Andrew Weil|Worldly wealth is the Devil's bait; and those whose minds feed upon riches recede, in general, from real happiness, in proportion as their stores increase, as the moon, when she is fullest, is farthest from the sun.
Suzanne Vega|I think American guys tend to be a bit more forward, a bit more chatty and open than the Brits. The Brits seem to have a darker sense of humor, though I have met some Americans who have adopted bits of the British dry sense of humor as well.
George Harrison|Your life is a sum of counted breaths.With each breath that passesa part of life is lost. That which gives life brings death every moment nearer,and your caravan is led by onewho will not jest with you.
Olivia Fuller, Something Wicked|Why do I lunge for control instead of joy?...do I thin Jesus grace too impotent to give me the full life...Whenever I am blind to joys well, isn't it because I don't believe in Gods care? P 130
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|Because even if the whole world was throwing rocks at you, if you still had your mother or father at your back, you'd be okay.
Kim Harrison, The Hollows Insider|His attitude, though always bad, has changed since he helped me prep the Pandora charm for Morgan. He thinks I'm falling for her, as ridiculous as that sounds, and he might be tempted to take matters into his hands.
Dannion Brinkley, Saved by the Light: The True Story of a Man Who Died Twice and the Profound Revelations He Received|Personally I don’t endorse the notion of mortality. It’s fine for other folk, but I disapprove of the concept for me and my loved ones. Seems unfair that we’re not allowed to vote on the matter and not one of us is excused. Who made up that rule?" - Kinsey Millhone
Paul David Washer|Avoid trivial pursuits. You are a child of God, destined for glory, and called to do great things in His Name. Do not waste your life on hobbies, sports, and other recreational pursuits. Do not throw away the precious moments of your life on entertainment, movies, and video games. Though some of these things can properly have a 'small place' in the Christian’s life, we must be careful not to give undue attention to temporal and fruitless activities. Do not waste your life. Employ the time of your youth in developing the character and skills necessary to be a useful servant of God.
Abraham Lincoln|In this age, in this country, public sentiment is everything. With it, nothing can fail; against it, nothing can succeed. Whoever molds public sentiment goes deeper than he who enacts statutes, or pronounces judicial decisions.
